@_author: pm_me_real_boobs
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:22:19


LOL someone who wants to save money by using the cashback perks?  and for not having to have their entire bank account at the mercy of a fradulent user?  and again, someone who wants to invest their real money elsewhere (like bitcoins?)
@_date: 2014-08-20 23:17:22


@_date: 2014-07-25 19:47:47
you had two tries to explain yourself.  you are not making any sense.  recommendation: lay off the acid.
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:15:47
Why arent you putting that money into an HSA while waiting for the titanic of an event? Or a better question is, do you understand what an HSA is and how you can benefit?
@_date: 2014-07-22 02:25:16
Because it's an inflationary financial device.  No shit it will lose value.  You are proving my point.  in 70 years not only has it lost almost 100% of it's value but it's still *heavily used today*.  Bitcoin is a deflationary device, it will gain value over time.. however that means it will entice people to hoard and save and not spend.  This is why dogecoin was all the rage, it is designed to be inflationary.
Are you going to tell me the us dollar (i assume that is what you meant, because I was talking specifically of fiat) currency system has been failing for 70 years?  Please back that up with proof and evidence
@_date: 2014-07-25 00:33:15


Wow you guessed that?  Could it have been from this line:


You deserve a gold star for your comprehension skills!


I would agree and, thus, fees are not killing small businesses at all.  It is purely fraud which is bringing down credit cards.  Eurozone does not have this problem excessive fraud problem but they actively address it with 2-factor authentication...  Fix that problem and stories like this in are reduced to crazy talk.
@_date: 2014-07-21 13:13:11
You mean money laundering is a valid way to hide your income from made-up crimes.  
If I stole $1m from you after murdering you, that $1m is dirty.  Investigators can watch where that money goes and then nab me.  Now if I "Wash" your money, investigators have no idea where it went and who I am.  I got away with murder.  
Was murdering you a made-up crime, or should the investigators just ignore the fact that there are breadcrumbs and just consider your death an anomaly and move on?
Now that we have agreed that money laundering is actually something to care about for crimes that matter, let's focus on those crimes that matter.  Would drug dealers we need to launder money if drugs were legal?  So maybe it's the law that makes up crime and those bad laws need to be removed?  Oh wait.. it can, by voting with your voice and not with your hands on some internet forum.  
Call your congressman, rally your neighbors.  *Vote against the laws that enable money laundering*.  But quit going on reddit and bitching that money laundering is ineffective and a fictitious crime.  It is just as real as a crime as it is for me to come to your house and murder you for saying stupid shit on reddit.
@_date: 2014-09-04 11:54:05


That is exactly how you print money...
@_date: 2014-07-23 13:38:51
This.  I see .7% of my TOTAL MONTHLY SALES in bitcoin.  It would take me 3 months to get 1btc.  Now the fees on cashing out bitcoin for USD?  That's MORE than a credit card processor charges!
@_date: 2014-08-23 16:26:55
@_date: 2014-07-24 06:23:22
There has always been a choice...
@_date: 2014-07-22 02:18:53
Thanks for that insight but I don't understand how it relates to my questions.  Can you rephrase that response to align with my question?
@_date: 2014-07-26 17:22:09
I forgive you, English is not your first language.
@_date: 2014-09-04 11:52:08


hehe the same thing goes for people decrying regulation.  if they don't want regulation it's likely because they have something to gain from it.  you see it here in the bitcoin forums all the time
@_date: 2014-07-21 13:05:29
It has held up pretty well over the past 70 years.. hard to deny the facts in this one.  It is safe to say gold and silver ran economies in the past because of lack of information technology.  So if you are going to give an apples-to-apples comparison be sure to remember that the roman era had people whittling ledgers into blocks of stone.  Today we record several thousand transactions a second.
Fiat isn't going away in your lifetime
@_date: 2014-07-23 13:34:37
I run a small business.  This is not true.  What IS killing my business are the plentiful stolen credit cards that are used to steal service from my business.  The icing on the cake is that I get charged $25 when someone fradulently uses a card and commits a chargeback.  That shit adds up and it's hurting only me.. not the credit card companies, not the users.  Of course, that puts me in a bad position.  I need to accept credit cards for my business.  Consumers won't give up the protection of a credit card (hell, even I use only my credit card for shopping, because I know my bank account is safe using this buffer tactic).  I accept bitcoin but that accounts for about 0.7% of my total business.  Credit card fraud accounts for near 18%.  
So let's call a spade a spade, credit card fraud is killing small business.  It's time to start using microchipped credit cards, VbV and other 2-factor authentication solutions.  With a debit card the consumer cannot "chargeback".  But about 60% of my transactions are done with credit cards (not bank credit/debit cards).
@_date: 2014-07-22 04:01:58
And both are illegal in the eyes of the law.
@_date: 2014-08-21 19:15:46


For credit cards there's Visa, Mastercard, Amex, Diners, Discover
For non credit cards there's a metric fuckton -- they're used whenever you buy a house (you are old enough to afford a house right?)


He didn't read his terms of agreement.  It states if you travel your card may be frozen if fradulent activity is detected.  He could have used his regular credit card which wouldn't have him mail things to have it unfrozen since he's already proven his identity. 


Did he understand the terms?  then yes.


Visa didn't cause him harm if he didn't pursue the issue.  You said he stopped.


Why didn't he go to court?  My lawyer told me you don't go to court unless you know for certain you were goign to win.  Sounds like he was guilty.  But how about you give me his contact info and let me talk to him about it.  This parroting of information isn't working because you don't know the full story and all you are creating is a nice game of telephone.  Your friend is an idiot, unless you bring him into this conversation your friend does not exist to me and I believe this is all in your head.


So now it's all about you.  Okay what else  about YOU do you think the world should follow?  Why haven't you run for president if YOU have all the answers.


Theo De Raadt said the same thing.  Then then OpenSSH project was hit with several 0-day bugs.  Be careful what you wish for.


I think that is the whole point.  You are not required to use visa, you can use cash.  You are not required to use Bitcoin, you can use paypal.  You are not required to respond to me, but you do .  So I control you &gt;:)
@_date: 2014-07-24 06:21:10
TL;DR: bitcoin does not allow chargebacks but functionality can be built on top of bitcoin or the bitcoin spec can be extended.
@_date: 2014-09-04 11:53:12
thats because fiat is an inflationary currency.  back in the gold days it was straight up hoarding: see every roman era king/fort knox/etc
@_date: 2014-07-22 17:51:49
 RESPONDING AND READ THIS FIRST:
 point out where I said it was a store of of wealth.  ([Here are my comments if you can't find them](
 YOU MAY CONTINUE IF I ACTUALLY DID SAY STORE OF VALUE
Now that you have realized I never disagreed with that statement.  It would take any reasonable human being to understand that while a property of money does indeed lie with it's store of wealth, one would also understand that it is this which makes different monetary instruments valuable in different ways.
 
A more educated reader would understand that any inflationary currency is not going to store wealth.  This is due to the fact that as a currency inflates, it's value diminishes.   This leads the question, why would one store their wealth in a deprecating asset?  A better comparison for the more heavy handed readers out there would be comparing storing your wealth in dollars to storing your wealth in expensive luxury cars.  Both assets deprecate over time, making them poor stores of wealth.  
Continuing our education lesson, a deflationary currency or asset will do the opposite over time and increase in value.  You can see this with metals like silver and gold, or precious jewels such as diamonds.  These assets appreciate over time but, while good stores of value, will sometimes fail as a store of wealth (see the price of gold from 2000 through today).
What else can be stores of wealth?  A commonly heard phrase among the affluent is to "put your money to work".  Wealth in assets which sit idle will lose value and thus lose wealth over time when valued against other indexes such as cost of living.  However if your wealth is actively working for you, it will continue to retain it's wealth as compared to inflation indexes.  An example of this is a restaurant.  Money needs to go in for operations and what comes out is the original investment amount plus profits.  This is the best store of wealth as it is actively following indices such as inflation and cost of living, thus any money which comes out of this vehicle will match the loss of value in your assets.  You can remove yourself from overseeing the operations of your wealth by managing your wealth through stocks, index/mutual funds, or go completely hands off with a wealth management service.
So back to our discussion on money.  It is incredibly difficult to provide a gold cube or prepare the correct amount of silver or diamonds when heading to your local grocery store.  There are issues with security, mobility, and acceptence of your money.  We see this today with bitcoin, which provides great mobility but lacks acceptance.  US dollars allow for mobility and widespread acceptance but lacks in security.  Credit cards are a tool which enable security around us dollars.  This turns the us dollar into a tangible, inflationary good.  It is widely accepted, it can easily move from location A to B, and with additional tools, it is highly secure.  You cannot say the same about gold, silver, diamonds, stocks, mutual funds, or any other monetary vehicle.  
And it has been this way for over 70 years.  [During this time it has only lost 17% of it's value]( and [yet has grown to support a us economy which has almost tripled during that time](  I think it has proven itself for the past 100 years as a safe store of value (remember we are talking about $1 = $1, or in this case $1 = $17 of 1936 dollars).  As a store of wealth, the us dollar has *never* been recommended.  But again, this is an uneducated myth which can easily be understood by simply visiting a financial advisor.  They would recommend storing your wealth in other vehicles.  Imagine if you had $1,000,000 worth of stock in 1936 which remained successful over time; It would be worth at least $17,000,000 today!
As for my personal retort to your comment: Every country I have been to in the past 5 years has accepted my dollar.  So where your reports of dumping the dollar are coming from is beyond me.  But I am guessing it is the same reason you dump and trade your Canadian dollars, Eurozone euros, and East Caribbean dollars at the borders for US Dollars as you enter the US?
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:32:06


or even better, [2011 called, they want their tech back](
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:01:44
because you get free things like regular checkups, hsa's, cash back, etc?
@_date: 2014-08-21 02:00:57


Doesn't stop them from putting up an all glass front door.


Never said I did.


$400 a year.  Pay attention to my previous posts instead of just replying in blind fits of rage


No, I expect them to fail like your favorite merchant.  Again obviously they are doing something wrong when they fail.


For the same reason why prostitutes don't accept credit cards on their websites.  It's not worth the hassle.


if you buy something from me, send me your bitcoin and I don't mail your product, how does bitcoin fix this?


I'm not going over this again.  Read your merchant agreement.  Oh wait, you don't run a business, I guess you're afraid of the big bad payment processors.


If your card got frozen because of "fraud detection" and couldn't unfreeze it, you were doing something against the terms of services of your visa card.


Buying a visa card is easy, you walk into a store and walk out with one.  If you lose your card, you can request a new one.  Money still there!


With a visa gift card, I walk into a store wearing a disguise, I pay with cash, I register my card with an invalid address.  GUESS THEY CAN STILL FIND ME.


Bitcoin is outside of your control as well.
@_date: 2014-07-23 16:51:49
Drinking alcohol is harmful but is still allowed in certain amounts.  I would be okay with drug/meth use in certain amounts, just like how money laundering is not considered a crime below certain amounts/transactions.
@_date: 2014-07-23 12:25:06
Will you help me legalize meth and heroin?  It doesn't affect me directly but limits online services, enables law enforcement to harass and terrorize my family.It is abused, slows things down more than necessary and is often just an ineffective bandaid and more for show. It adds paperwork and complexity.
Think of the meth heads
@_date: 2014-08-21 01:49:22
thank you for the followup.
is that a fault of nixon or future presidents? 
@_date: 2014-07-23 13:55:34
hahaha you personally attacked someone becuase you didn't understand what they meant and you get upvoted.  where we will ridicule you even if you are right.
@_date: 2014-08-18 03:41:09


Yes. Joe schmoe wants to be careless.  Have you watched the news lately?


Why are you getting fraudulent chargebacks?  You sound like you have never read a merchant agreement before.  So I will repeat, if your business is suffering due to fraudulent chargebacks, the business is doing something wrong.. it should not absorb the cost.  But you're already a CEO of a successful business, so you already know this.  I'm sorry to parrot Business 101 to you.   


This is turning into comedy.  Thanks for the laugh.  VPN providers must pay for bandwidth and other service costs too.  Chargebacks doesn't magically retract the bits that have already been sent and received or the power that was consumed during that time.  LOL.  I'm seriously laughing right now.  Future charges can be mitigated by shutting down the service, but what about those 10TB that was downloaded in the past week.  Pretty sure that helped put you over your 95th percentile rate and now your monthly bandwidth charges have doubled or tripled.  But it's okay, that chargeback allowed you to chargeback the bandwidth too LOL.


The common problem with your entire argument is that you use your gaps in your knowledge as a crutch as to why your solution is the only solution.  You're a smart guy but you are gleefully ignoring the consideration that those gaps already contain the solution which you hope, in this case, bitcoin will solve.
1. You ship your packages with signature confirmation.  The big 3 mail carriers all provide insurance.  Their insurance specifies a few requirements for them to cover your lost charges.  One of them is signature confirmation.  You assume the risk of lost packages that are left at the doorstep.  With signature confirmation the risk is transferred to the receiver.  
2. Once you have this proof that it was indeed delivered, but your money was chargedback from visa,  then you turn to your insurance.  They exist to protect you against losses.  You can prove it was delivered (yay signature confirmation), you can prove to visa that the chargeback is indeed invalid.  
At this point you are done.  You have satisfied your agreement and you should not be charged the chargeback.  But I will entertain your fantasy, **lets say they still charge you**.
3 Visa for some reason is violating their merchant agreement and still withholding the money?  Then you file an insurance claim.  Insurance will repay you the money and then go to bat with the mail carriers, fight it out with visa, and eventually come to a settlement or win a trial.  All of this happens behind the scenes and the merchant is happily continuing his business because he or she hasn't suffered a loss.


Quite different from your altered reality, right?  A lot of niche companies have this problem because they don't want to spend $400/year on insurance.  $400.  That's less than $34/month.  That's cheaper than their internet and phone service.  Yea.  I have no sympathy for those niche companies.  Insurance companies provide a benefit by helping ensure you minimize your risk.  Insurance premiums too high?  Your agent can go through your business model and identify areas to mitigate risk.  It's why anything larger than small companies have a dedicated team to risk management.  
Which brings me to my final point, either they are too small to be a target of fraud and their business risk model is flawed which means what other risks are they avoiding/ignoring.. maybe that excel spreadsheet of credit card numbers on the same laptop they jerk off to porn on may be part of the problem.  Of course that is just one scenario that popped into my head, there are unlimited other combinations which I'm certain you can come up with an equally absurd one.




I thought your argument was about traceability?  But I'm sorry is Visa still banned from wikileaks?  I thought there was a court case over that issue.. the same courts that will prosecute fradulent chargebacks.. and fraudulent businesses in the case of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:04:15
But you agree that money laundering can be used by criminals to avoid detection of crimes?  
So how do we support law enforcement stopping criminals AND facilitate the privacy of money?  
@_date: 2014-07-25 00:30:27
lol wat
@_date: 2014-08-25 02:42:16
Your face is what's wrong...
@_date: 2014-08-17 14:51:14


That's like saying I don't need to have liability coverage on my car ALL the time.  I mean, if I'm just driving to the store nothing can happen right?


Your payment is still traceable with bitcoin (and to stop you in your tracks there are other faster methods to be pseudonymous such as taking cash to a walgreens and buying a visa gift card. tada)


You do gain a lot in this case.  Think on this, why is your merchant the only one falling to fraudulent chargebacks all the time without changing their business model.  NO ONE else has that problem except your favorite merchant, is kind of telling right?  Amazon, Coinbase, Your VPN provider etc can all take credit cards but only your FAVORITE merchant has an issue with fradulent chargebacks (see the problem with your statement yet or would you like me to spell it out)


You being who?  You the consumer or You the merchant.  If it's not obvious already, you are trading one person to screw over the other.  Bitcoin is merchant friendly (lower fees, no chargebacks).  Credit cards are consumer friendly (no fees, get your money back if you didn't use it).  So what do you want, benefit for the customer or benefit for the merchant.  If you are arguing for the merchant, I agree with all of your points in bitcoins favor.  If you are arguing for the consumer, you have no fucking clue what you are talking about.  If you are arguing for both then this is the last response in this thread.
@_date: 2014-08-22 00:37:42
You are swedish, not American.  Ignore everything I have been saying.  You don't matter to me.
@_date: 2014-07-23 13:29:36
Get out while you're ahead...  Don't forget people bought coins at &gt;$1000
@_date: 2014-07-24 05:52:55
I'm pretty sure your chargeback was with your credit portion of your debit card.  Debit+pin transactions are regarded the same as an atm withdrawal.  You have no protections when you do not use the visa/mastercard network.
@_date: 2014-07-26 17:26:17
I have run ecommerce sites, auction sites, porn sites and other various internet-based services in the past.  All are rife with fraud thanks to lack of controls on credit cards.  In the early2000s when the eurozone went to smart card I saw European fraud drop and american fraud rise.  Bitcoin is not the solution, it is a temporary fix but not a solution for credit cards.  Alas, I get to write off my fraud losses so,combined with my wife's income, our family isn't affect negatively by it to the point where I need to get a second job.
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:58:37
And who gets to decide that?  the ethics police?
@_date: 2014-07-22 02:22:12
Justice is blind, justice should not take feelings into consideration.  Justice should only take in the facts and present a result.  Therefore justice is based on what the laws are.  Murder is unethical, that's great.  But murder is also against the law.  Money laundering is not unethical, that's also great.  But money laundering is against the law.
My question is what allows you to say Murder should be against the law, yet money laundering should not.  It is unethical to steal too, but it's okay to steal money and hide the origins therefore making an unethical action legal?  So then we should be able to say murder is unethical yet some people would claim it should be legal too...
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:42:03
he didn't use a credit card, he used a debit mastercard in the credit setting.
@_date: 2014-08-20 22:28:00


So your answer to education is to force it upon everyone.  Ok, that is your opinion.  I'm glad the rest of the developed world doesn't have the same opinion as you.


Yes.  You file an insurance claim, your insurance company will hire lawyers and fight for you.  Hiscox offers this, but they charge about 30-40% more than my local insurance agent.


Hahaha No charges are a real reality.  I run a vpn service, I deal with fradulent charges.  Everything I laid out in my previous message is lockstep with our procedure which we review with our insurance agent.  This is why I'm laughing at you.


I did.  You didn't know about the various insurance products available to businesses, you still don't (see my first response above)


It's like you just ignore the entire picture.  Package insurance recoups your cost of shipping, you then go to court and sue paypal and visa for your lost costs of the product.  If the product was stolen, package insurance repays you for the cost of the product.  Do you even business, bro?  You talk a good game, but I guess this is why you're not a CEO.. you lack that E  


Your turn to provide proof, I'm looking at my merchant agreement and it states otherwise.


Who said it is negative.  If you chose to not adopt an AUP/TOS, accept credit cards without a billing address, etc.  you increase your risk.  If you have high levels of past fraud cases, that also increases your risk.  These insurance companies don't hire actuaries because they have a cool sounding title, they actually figure out what each client costs the company.


If you don't accept a billign address for your CC, does that increase your risk for fraud?  I thought it did, but in Natanaeland, maybe it doesn't.  If you are in an alternate reality, then you are on you rown.


Sounds a lot like bitcoin right?  Centralized systems can not accept donations.  Bitcoin doesn't eliminate all traces.  And then there's the guy who bought one, lost his private key and couldn't get anyone to recover his bitcoins.  But just like a gift card, that's a risk you are willing to take.  AMIRIGHT?


@_date: 2014-07-24 12:04:05
Lol wat
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:06:19


are they really blaming the lack of clue of system and security administrators on a software product?  it's like because the software product CAN be used without security it's their fault.  there is nothing inherently insecure about php, in fact you can run php with nginx/apache/iis and configure that process to NOT run as root/admin, yet you constantly see admins running their entire webfarm as the same user, or worse with super user privileges.  later when one is hacked, everyone points at php when in fact php had nothing to do with it.
see mtgox and php.  everyone says 'OMG MTGOX WAS HACKED BECAUSE OF PHP'.  no, mtgox was hacked because of pisspoor programmers which enabled the bugs and pisspoor sysadmins who had not a clue about security.  so once again, php is no safer security-wise than ruby, django or your favorite java servlet engine.
@_date: 2014-07-22 17:08:34
I'm sorry but while that provided a vague response to my question about supporting law enforcement and the privacy of money, that still didn't answer my question if money laundering can be used by criminals to avoid detection of crimes.  Can you address my initial question?
@_date: 2014-07-24 05:55:57
Don't matter what the TOS says when the underlying state says it's allowed.  Just like I can't write in my terms of service that you are forced to commit murder or force you to smoke weed and it suddenly becomes legitimate.
@_date: 2014-08-16 23:25:09
Nice, you get to pick and choose the questions you wish to respond to.  It's like debating with a brick wall.
@_date: 2014-08-21 15:43:26


if you buy something from me, send me your bitcoin and I don't mail your product, how does bitcoin fix this?


ahhh so bitcoin doesn't fix it, you need to rely on an escrow service.  if the escrow service sides with the scammer, what options do you have now?  go back to paypal?  visa?  amex?  Another escrow service?


so that was his decision.  i bet he's smarter now and holds on to required paperwork AND reads those terms a little bit closer on a visa gift card.  i bet if he had bitcoin he would not have had any problem finding a merchant to accept it either.. that or he could wait 3 days to convert it back to cash.


Wow it's amazing how we align on the same views after gaps are filled.  I guess he learned from his actions (or lack thereof).  The funny part is he WAS insulated from the harm and it was his CHOICE not to follow-up.  That just reaks of bad judgement.  Thanks for pointing that out to me.




Depends on what you mean by that.  Blockchain.info just had a nasty vulnerability that allowed unsubstantiated claims on the blockchain.  That is an action against you right?  So if there is a vulnerabilty in the bitcoin protocol/implementation, that allows unsubstantiated claims of others to be taken.
What are you trying to get at.  You just can't be wrong is that it?
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:31:19
AND you can confirm the open source on wlox.io IS GAURANTEED to be the same as what's running on their site.
I mean they even went the extra step of not getting a verified SSL certificate.  This company is 100% NOT the next mtgox.  I just signed up and got free BTC just for joining!  I can't withdraw it for 30 days, but that's not a problem, who sells bitcoins?
@_date: 2014-07-22 16:59:09
Do you think you speak for the majority of your citizens?
@_date: 2014-07-22 02:25:39
Thank you.  This thread is closed.
@_date: 2014-07-21 16:07:18
Right, and if there is a clear trail "was murdered, his bank account had $1m and after the time of his death, $1m was trasnferred to account XYZ".  how do you look at account XYZ?  what if it was then transfered to account ABC?  going from XYZ to ABC could be done by a middle man who doesn't want to cooperate.  Without a money laundering law, you have no method of getting past that middle man.  Are you saying because HSBC does it, then everyone should be allowed to do it?
@_date: 2014-09-04 11:58:12


i don't htink you understood his point.  you can buy another car and instead of spending $5k, $15k, $50k or whatever you are planning to spend up front on a new (used) car, you can get 0% financing and pay that cost over the span of 2-6 years.  Because inflation goes up every year, the dollar cost of your debt goes down every year.  combine this with all of that money still in your pocket, you can invest it and essentially make 12%/year on a 0% apr (hypothetical 10% yearly gains + 2% yearly inflation).  that means instead of paying a bank more money to interest, you are saving that interest and investing it.
i didn't have to buy a brand new SUV, but that 0% loan makes it a relatively safe place to store $45k
@_date: 2014-07-25 00:35:39
I ran one of those "large cumbersome clearinghouses" in the 90s and early 2000s out of my house.  Back then it was small and glitchy... kinda like bitcoin.  
I wonder what will replace the large cumbersom bitcoin clearinghouses in 20 years...
@_date: 2014-07-24 06:25:40


You have never put together an event before.  There is a reason why preorders exist, it allows the organizers to put together bigger events.  It's not only far from ideal, it will mean only those with money will be putting together events. 
But I, for one, welcome my overlord corporate sponsered events
@_date: 2014-07-23 13:43:56
Those same arguments apply to drug dealing.  Why are the drug dealers not going to jail yet the users are?  The users are being peaceful.  At least some sort of *LAW* that allows you to legally commit what is currently a crime but with limits that won't be abused.. Much like alcohol, I agree.  But then that ignores the ban everything or ban nothing approach.  Instead with murder, we don't allow murder in any shape or form, including assisted suicide.  Makes sense right? Yet we allow alcohol to be purchased and consumed and even allow driving after some consumption.. That doesn't make sense.  If we didn't have these two-faced laws, then good people like my brother wouldn't be in jail.
@_date: 2014-08-22 02:29:26
Still doesn't matter.  Your arguments don't matter to me.
@_date: 2014-07-22 20:52:57
So how do anti-money laundering laws hurt you?
@_date: 2014-07-24 06:17:24
Gotta get them off ADP first.. that ain't gonna happen.
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:20:19
3% discount if you buy your bitcoins at the 3% (or more) premium! 
@_date: 2014-07-23 13:24:44
My brother was arrested for meth use.  He is a bright kid, meth isn't harmfull in low dosages, the amount he was using.  You are going to tell me it's better for him to be in jail for 6 years than to be out and getting help?  What are his options after jail?  He can't get a job with a record, what if he resorts to crime?  The drug laws practically invent crime since you can't get a job!  I don't think this is any different than money laundering.  One is used to further one's personal goals, the other is used to further one's personal goals.  However they are only criminal on paper.  In the real world no one is getting hurt.  Yet you have companies like the HSBC are funneling money FOR the drug dealers and they only get a slap on the wrist.  No drug dealers get arrested.  No financial bankers go to jail.  And politicians tout a victory.  How is that right?  Where do you see justice in this picture?
@_date: 2014-07-25 19:48:50
Because it is ridiculously easy to use a stolen cc for an internet based service.  Am I going to close up shop because this is the case? Of course not.  But it's real and it affects many businesses that do transactions on the web.  The biggest take away, since we are in is that Bitcoin doesn't even come close to legitimate CC sales.
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:38:23


back story i have been developing php since 1998.  first of all, this was configurable from day 1.  anyone who ran a php site disabled this shit among a few other settings which became default settings after enough uproar on the mailing list (remember linux had ipchains before iptables and that shit sucked, doesn't mean linux is a horrible os that no one should use)


you can say the same for ruby, java and c
The problem with bitcoin and their hate with php all has to do with karpeles being a shitty programmer and mtgox running off with their money.  
@_date: 2014-08-16 23:26:45


What benefit do you have of not having traceability of your payments?  What benefits does the consumer get for not allowing chargebacks?  Why in the world would you not want fraud protection? 
It's like.. bitcoin, you can wake up $5000 poorer with no recourse if your private keys are stolen.  At least if your CC is stolen you can get your money back.  
@_date: 2014-08-20 23:21:13
was a thing?  how long until is banned
@_date: 2014-09-04 12:34:25
just to check, you gave this company all of your personal info to a site which is not using a verified SSL certificate but one they can purchase for $0.99 from any bargain SSL shop?
"stupid money" is flooding into this exchange.  it will become smart money when you no longer own it