@_author: pm_ur_underbooty
@_date: 2018-01-10 12:07:31
Network engineer with ~13 years experience working with Routing / TCP/IP / IPSec etc. Where can I read about the technical aspects of LN / BTC? Is there a whitepaper somewhere? How do you know what you know? I'd like to read about it on a technical level to get a better understanding.
The comments here are also somewhat confusing referring to LN being a (BTC) Layer 2 when your article likens it to (TCP/IP) Layer 3 :)
EDIT: Think I've found it: 
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:06:12
This is some solid information, thanks!
I'm interested in, and need to brush up on, a lot actually. Possibly starting with the blockchain and how *exactly* it works. I'm a firm believer that unless you can explain a complicated matter simply, then you don't fully understand it yourself. I've got a long way to go yet. I'll definitely check out your recommendations.
I just need to let this fever run it's course and muster enough brain power to think of googling 'lightning network white paper' before posting on Reddit and I might be able to get somewhere.
I've also found the original Bitcoin whitepaper and have a copy to read over the next few days.
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:08:44
Nice! I think I'll start from the bottom (Whitepaper) and check out your links for further information.
Thanks for your help.
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:15:30
My limited understanding so far tells me that bigger blocks seems to be a temporary fix, where in which once the transaction traffic increases it will again be saturated and we'll be in the same situation.
The thing is, it might be that the block size *CAN* be increased over it's current 1mb long term and remain decentralised, but to not acknowledge it's a bandaid and press forward without future planning seems dangerous.
The question I'm seeking an answer to (mostly rhetorical here, researching myself) is that off-chain transactions will eventually need to be written back to the block chain. If it's when the LN transaction channel is closed, then it doesn't make much sense to me. I need to understand the channel and when, and exactly what, is written back to the block chain.
e.g. Open transaction channel from myself to Starbucks. Make an off-chain, one way, mutually agreed upon, single transaction to pay for my coffee. Close the connection channel. The closed channel balance is submitted to the ledger on-chain and distributed for confirmation. 
I'm missing something huge here, that's essentially a vanilla BTC transaction.
I think It'll be something completely different like a one to many channel e.g. Starbucks opening a channel and closing at a certain threshold to update the btc ledger for X number of microtransactions.
Or maybe a many to many channel that has more to do with a local node than any one service hosting the channel. The micro-transactions back and forth are settled through the Lightning Network and the final result is all that is submitted to the block chain. Sounds good, but if you're doing a lot of single payments (buying coffee) then each wallet that has contributed to the LN channel would need their ledger balance updated on chain.
Granted I've only had 8 hours of sleep total in the last 4 days, once I'm feeling better I'll be very keen to learn more about it. This type of discussion is also a lot more interesting to read than HODL memes.
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:21:36
Skills and experience with cryptocurrency / blockchain = 0 :)
But I may have some relatable and applicable skills in IT to at least let me understand it better. Thanks again!
@_date: 2018-03-12 12:09:07
1. Hack themselves
2. Put out bounty to find hackers
3. Hand themselves in
4. ????
5. PROFIT!