@_author: pmmeyourtitsladies01
@_date: 2018-01-06 21:04:04


Yes, but only if they asked for it. It's not my place to intervene, even if its for their own good. I can't control other people, I can only control myself. It may sound cold but it has really helped me in my life to realize that I am not responsible for the choices of other people.


This is a totally separate thing because the question of whether or not they have agency begins to arise.


This is where our difference in perspectives really comes out. From where I'm sitting, having dependents means you have even *more* incentive to take risks to better your life. If you have mouths to feed, you owe it to them to be able to provide for them adequately, and risk be damned.


Don't you think it's strange that this is almost never the case? Surely if its so profitable, property owners would be exactly the people who own the restaurant. Why do you think this is not the case? Could it be because owning property and running a restaurant are two totally different skill sets? Could it be that those people who specialize in just owning property and those who specialize in just cooking food are more competitive in the market? If we assume that this is true, then we can conclude that the property owner will make more money if they just focus on owning the property, and leave the cooking to the pros.


Look, I was talking in good faith. You know I didn't mean to cause offense, and that I was only talking about my own impressions.  Anyway, don't you think outside perspective is important? I'm telling you that, as a Westerner, we don't have the same sense of cynicism that we see from the Slavs. It's not a value judgement. For what its worth, I think we are too starry-eyed in the West (Yale snowflakes) and could use a little more cynicism here.


I think we are just talking about different things. Of course there is nuance in the world, but when you talk about averages, then things tend to get more binary. I would be fine with ending the conversation here if you still want to.
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:53:16


How does it feel to be a condescending grumpypants? Just because you would not have made those buying decisions doesn't mean they were "wrong". The buyer may have gotten a lot of value (emotional enjoyment counts as value) from those products. They certainly wanted the product more than the money they used to acquire the product, which is why the exchange happened in the first place. Trade is made of win.


Again, the choice is not "work for minimum wage forever or die". That's an unnecessarily fatalistic view of the world (are you Russian or Slavic by any chance :)?). 
I can grab the stats for you if you want, but I give you my word that its true: about half of the people in the bottom 20% are not there within the next five years. And if you control for age, most people in the bottom 20% of incomes are in their early 20s, because you make less money in your 20s than in your 50s (surprise!).


I'd be happy to, but I don't really understand what you want to see. Why don't we take a specific example that's relatively free market: the restaurant industry. What about the restaurant industry is "suboptimal" in your eyes?
@_date: 2018-01-04 18:53:13
Source pls.
@_date: 2018-01-05 17:55:36
Ok fantastic, that's what I assumed.
So in this scenario, do you imagine that a store that cuts costs by skimping on workmanship will be able to dupe customers for very long?
If the store cuts costs by not paying their workers, do you think they will attract any?
@_date: 2018-01-06 15:21:51


But aren't they? Isn't the temptation of drug use in the first place that it provides people with feelings that they pay for? The fact is that a lot of drug abusers are self-medicating. They have pain in their lives and use drugs as an escape. Which makes us, as outside observers, unable to judge objectively what is "best" for them, since we cannot experience their level of pain. It's my belief that people always do what's best for themselves, subjectively, at that point in time. And for drug addicts, the cost of confronting their demons was more than the cost of escaping them.
I suspected as much. Slavic people are loyal and wonderful but they often have this "world is forever tainted" outlook. I honestly don't know where it comes from, perhaps there is something about Slavic culture that fosters this belief (I would be curious to hear your thoughts on this).
Anyway, the choice of "work minimum wage or die" is a false dichotomy. You can take out a student loan to acquire skills, to start a business.You can go into the forest and hunt wild game as our ancestors did. If you think that living in the forest is not a realistic choice, then that just shows how entitled you are. Society does not owe you a comfortable life just because you exist.


Remember, most people were farmers well into the 1900s. Then after the tractor was invented and farming became easier, a lot of the workforce was displaced. But here we are in the 2000s and only around 1-2% of people do farming. Are the other 98-99% unemployed? Humanity has vastly more ingenuity than you give them credit for.
Which is exactly what we expect to see. A restaurant in a good location has higher rent, right? So they need to either cut quality or raise prices to compensate. A restaurant in a bad location has lower rent so can afford to lower the price and increase the quality. The idea that the best restaurant will exist in the busiest location is a contradictory idea if you really think about the costs involved. It's all about opportunity costs.
@_date: 2018-01-04 20:55:10
Well let's define terms first. By "completely unregulated" do you mean no state regulations? As in, contracts and bylaws are still possible?
@_date: 2018-01-04 20:32:47
Are you open to persuasion or would you rather I leave you alone?
@_date: 2018-01-04 18:50:57


Welcome to libertarianism.
@_date: 2018-01-05 18:25:15


And yet, most people do not buy those. Can I ask what cellphone you use yourself? Did you avoid the absolute cheapest because of reliability/performance issues? Congratulations, you just made a market correction free from government simply by expressing your preferences through your dollar. Companies with shoddy work don't get any customers, and if they do they don't get them for very long. This foresight is what keeps quality up.


I may not know much about this world, but I do know that most people don't work for free. There was a pub that stopped paying their bar staff in my city. You know what happened? They went out of business because they couldn't find workers. That's the beauty of the free market: assholes can't make any money if they're assholes. This foresight is what keeps quality up. This is why the free market is self-correcting.
The "invisible hand" is not magical, but it does take some getting used to. What helped me was thinking about auctions. Now there are two types of auctions: single seller and multiple buyers (like a painting), and single buyer and multiple sellers (like with a big advertising contract from Coca-Cola).
For the single seller, the price goes higher and higher until it can't rise any more. This is due to the effect of competition of buyers trying to out-bid each other.
For the single buyer, the price goes lower and lower until it can't be lowered any more. This is due to the effect of competition of sellers trying to under-bid each other.
Wouldn't it be great if you could leverage both mechanisms simultaneously to come to the optimal price? You're in luck, we already have that and its called a market. Once you understand what effect competition has, it will make sense to you why "race-to-the-bottom" is a boogeyman. Everyone likes lower prices, sure, but the "race-to-the-top" is also happening *simultaneously* in the form of buyers selecting higher quality. You're probably not even aware you're doing it.
@_date: 2018-01-05 00:39:29
Thanks :)
@_date: 2018-01-04 18:50:17
Authoritarian leftists will clamour for more centralization, as that is their primary mode of thinking.
@_date: 2018-01-04 19:49:19
That's fine, you don't have to go whole-hog before you're comfortable with it. But if you agree that there is too much regulation and that the government is generally wasteful, then Libertarianism is for you.
@_date: 2018-05-02 13:03:32


Lollll didn't you see his personal appeal to Zuck to help him escape the ~$49 million hole he's in?
@_date: 2017-11-24 19:44:14
The coins were stolen by a former employee and the government has the documentation to back it up.
@_date: 2017-09-05 17:32:03
Only because they are the best at what they do. If they fuck up, people can and *should* leave them.
Think more Alcoa and less Comcast. Evil monopolies are impossible absent state intervention.
@_date: 2017-09-13 19:38:48
They are too slow to stem the tide. The genie is out of the bottle now.
@_date: 2018-04-03 19:31:41
Daaaaayum, is it just me?
Or naaah?
They tryna cheat?
Or naAAAH?