@_author: p-m-o
@_date: 2019-11-21 15:35:45
No, unfortunately this is not preventable on the protocol level (mining protocol). There were some attempts to solve this problem by slightly changing bitcoin rules. But as far as I know there is not a known solution doable as a soft fork. So a change of implementing it is very low.
If anybody knows about a solution to this, I would love to know about that!
@_date: 2019-11-21 15:23:24
If I'm not mistaken, [btc.com]( gave a public support for the protocol and said they intend to implement it. (On a discussion panel in Chengdu we did few weeks ago. I hope I'm remembering it correctly.)
@_date: 2019-11-21 16:34:23
Meeting people more clever, knowledgeable, focused, experienced .. than I am. It is inspiring, gives a push :)
@_date: 2019-11-21 15:28:40
Correct. Using V2, miner can know that it is talking to the expected pool and that the byte stream was not changed. It is similar to how https works. Encryption adds a layer of privacy.
@_date: 2019-11-21 16:17:38
1. It is not so visible to a typical bitcoin user because users don't face mining directly (anymore). Mining is a bloody competition so be sure people try hard to innovate here. But at the end, mining is very simple process with very strict rules given by bitcoin consensus so there is only so much space for innovation. 
2. V2 is purposefully designed in a way that you can implement only a subset of it. The easiest part is header-only mining, which is even easier then the current V1 I think. Then, you don't have to support/implement job negotiation at all and still use all other advantages of V2.
3. V2 doesn't solve all issues in the world :) Allowing block selection and associated lowering of pool centralization issue is a very useful for the whole bitcoin space. Similarly, you don't want to read news articles about some hash rate theft from a publicly traded mining company.
4. Empty blocks -&gt; less blockchain space -&gt; higher fees -&gt; user complains -&gt; news articles.
5. Telemetry data streaming. Remote control and configuration.
6. The encryption is not necessary part of the protocol, it is strongly recommended and enabled by default. You can have all the features without encryption. Can be nice e.g. on local network in the data center, if your environment is safe / properly protected.
7. We started designing the protocol with other PoW algorithms in mind. We wanted to make it generic over specifics of the algorithms. But it was just too much work to do at once. I assume the adoption to other algos. will be pretty straightforward, especially when we departed from explicit signing to generic encryption/authentication. At least we would consult if somebody wants to take it to other coins.
@_date: 2019-11-21 15:19:47
When a pool chooses transactions (and block version bits), it can decide on behalf of large hashing power and therefore act like one very large miner controlling significant part of the total hash rate. This is not good because of power centralization. E.g. you as a pool can try to prevent some transactions from getting into blockchain (tx censorship). Or in case of version bits, you can strongly influence BIP activations process (as we saw during SegWit signalling two years ago).
The incentive for miner to negotiate its block is to execute its "right" to influence how the block should look like and therefore prevent power centralization. From this perspective it works very much like mining solo. But at the same time, the miner can be regularly paid by a pool as in the current model (which is the primary reason for joining a pool).
\&gt; Does the pool have veto power on valid transactions in the protocol? Or it MUST accept all valid Bitcoin transactions?
In the V2, pool can always actively reject a proposed block by a miner - as a whole. There is no mechanism for rejecting only some transaction. If pool rejects the proposed block, the miner can switch to other pool any time or just mine solo.
Of course, if the proposed block would lead to an invalid block, the pool will reject the block. It does full block validation. There are some optimization for making this computationally doable but it is to detailed for this response.  
\&gt; Did big mining companies say that they want to help decentralization of the Bitcoin network and use their own full node to generate the transaction set?
Yes, we were approached by people to asking for this feature.
@_date: 2019-11-21 15:58:59
If implemented broadly it should help to reduce centralization concerns (related to pools). But to be honest, pool centralization is not the biggest centralization issue we have - it is quite cheep to switch pools if your pool is misbehaving. Larger centralization issues are physical hash rate centralization and/or HW manufacturing centralization.
Still, we think it is worth spending time removing unnecessary pools' power over its users by providing V2.
\&gt;&gt; What´s the practical performance difference of using this system?
The final solution allows the miner to miner 100% of the time on his/her blocks, without loosing efficiency at all. This variant of the protocol is the most complex one and requires the pool to implement some kind of promise-based share submissions an adjust its payout scheme a bit. But it can be implemented.
Edit: Typo
@_date: 2015-08-20 20:12:21
The block has been prepared and mined with our custom mining code, configured for building XT blocks and then submitted to standard Bitcoin Core. We play with other versions of bitcoin nodes in test environment, but we're not using them in production yet.
@_date: 2017-07-22 15:40:45
Your post is based on false assumptions. 1. The fact you cannot see lightning network running doesn't make it vaporware. Do join any of the teams developing it and see how far the technology already is. You will be surprised. I mean, seriously, do reach them. 2. Yes, Core members reject almost uniformly the rushed HF part of NYA, for the same reasons why the vast majority of them rejected BIP148 (UASF). Interestingly, they frequently and publicly support responsibly planned and executed HF (again, as individuals). But the generalization you're making is based on few individuals' opinions and an assumption that Core is a uniform body well represented by those selected individuals. I would suggest anybody to follow the dev. mailing list to see how diverse the opinions within Core team can be.
@_date: 2017-07-24 23:16:22
Yes, and only when almost exclusively filled with segwit transactions. In case of mixed block, you would still be able to use asicboost to some extent.