@_author: pmo_pmno
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:46:16
I like Kingfish (Yellowtail amberjack) myself. Great when battered, flesh is more solid than a lot of other fish. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 10:03:19
I do see some kind of price correction ('crash') once most people cash out at some point. This relies on the assumption that the majority of Bitcoin owners have money tied up in BC as an investment, rather than to use it for the purchase of goods and services. if that isn't the case, then I don't think a crash is inevitable.  
That won't be the end of bitcoin, just a healthy price correction as the price settles down to what it will be without so much speculative investment. At some point the price gets so high that people realize they can retire and live very well by cashing out, and supply starts to overwhelm demand. 
    
I wish I'd bought a lot of Bitcoins back when they were $10 each and mined them instead of doing folding&amp;home, back when you could do that with a normal computer. I didn't see how 'made up money' could be valued. Enough people bought into it and 'magic' happened, it's now legit.  
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:02:44
Tonight, write a price on paper.  (20,000, 50,000 etc whatever you need it to be)  
This is the price you sell at and completely get out of bitcoin forever.  
  
Otherwise without a clear exit-price you'll hold onto it too long, and be caught in the crash.  
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:11:08


    
You're not crazy for putting your money in a high risk/high return speculative currency. You've got balls.  
It will crash one day though, because it has far more value as an investment than as a currency. Is that after it reaches 30k, 50k, 100k? nobody knows and those who claim to are naive.    
Go make some good money, but consider pulling out once doing so will give you enough to live on for the rest of your life. No point being greedy and losing it all.  
  
Goodluck! 
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:57:30
because you are poking the speculative bubble with a pin.
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:40:23


  
The past can be a poor predictor of the future, if you look at a tiny segment. If every business/currency etc that dropped in value inevitably recovered that value, you'd be onto something.  
  
Learn from history. [Tulip bulbs.] (    
edit: seems the thing is exaggerated, there are other examples e.g. a lot of businesses had share prices rise and then crash.
  
~~They had a value as tulip bulbs that would produce beautiful tulips, but their value was far less than the speculation driven price. The thing that has in common with Bitcoin is the speculative bubble. The vast majority of people didn't want tulips for their beauty, but for the money they'd get. After the speculators withdrew, the value plummeted down to its 'sane' value. You know, the price you'd pay for a tulip bulb because you want to grow some tulips in your garden.~~  
         
Bitcoin hasn't -really- dropped yet. Once it loses all value as a speculative investment, you will see just how valued it is as a very niche &amp; cumbersome currency (relative to the ease of use for credit/debit cards online).  
   
Good news is, if you get in and out before it crashes you will make good money. A big risk, with high returns.  
@_date: 2017-11-29 08:55:01


I think Bitcoin has a lot of potential and use. The current prices are what they are imo due to speculative investment, so if the price stagnates I think a crash will follow. (investors will only wait so long).  


 
Not so much. I don't think technology or regulation will be the cause of a crash.  I see a crash as healthy, and a natural consequence of the non-users (speculative investors) cashing out at some point.  
  


    
Definitely. I also don't think a massive price decrease would hurt the viability of the currency going forward. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:39:51
All good, you were relatively polite for being cranky.    
Respect for your follow up post &amp; self awareness, shows good quality of character :) 
@_date: 2017-11-29 08:50:06
Yeah, someone provided a link that also said there was relatively little investment in it. It wasn't the entire country pouring all their money into tulip bulbs. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 09:05:43


 
Could invent your own currency and have that be convertible into treats &amp; movies. Store it on paper. e.g. 231.00013 Homeworkdollars in their account. 
  


    
I think this is a bit like trying to market Linux to the average person, when everyone is already familiar and comfortable with Windows.  The "Once you understand it" part is a very big deal. It might only technically be more attractive, according to things enthusiasts find important.  


  
What's something I would probably want to do that only Bitcoin can allow me to do? I can buy everything with a debit card and it 'just works'. 
I'm not saying it doesn't have advantages in special cases, but what are the most attractive features that'd compel us to use Bitcoin?   
@_date: 2017-11-29 08:47:39


That's the focus of Bitcoin, as a currency. I see this as separate to it's value as a speculative investment, which I believe is behind the rapidly increasing price.    
I think the price will crash at some point (5 years, 50 years from now?), and from then on it will be a stable currency once the speculators cash out (in terms of the price volatility). 
  


  
That's very cool. Legit. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:44:05
I might believe it if the primary interest in Bitcoin was the **use** of Bitcoin, and not holding on to it with the expectation of selling for profit in the future. If you think people are buying so much bitcoin in order to use it as a currency, you'd be mistaken.  Some are but it's a minority.     
     
You've basically said "no it's not like tulips" but what led to this conclusion? the only thing that needs to happen for them to be similar, is for Bitcoin to eventually crash when a lot of investors try to cash out, causing a popped bubble.
  
edit: seems the 'tulip mania' is exaggerated, and made out to be a bigger deal than it was. 
Still leaves Bitcoin as a speculative investment first, and a currency a very distance second. I know people can use it to buy things...but it's not an attractive currency to use compared to cash/credit cards for most people. Will it keep increasing in price forever? if not, then it will crash when it stops going up. Investors need that ROI.
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:26:41
Thanks for that, seems like there wasn't after all.
Doesn't mean Bitcoin isn't going to crash at some point in the near or very distant future (as long as it's primarily an investment that'll happen when investors pull out, can't holdr forever), but that people should stop making comparisons to the 'tulip mania'...which appears to not be a thing after all.  
