@_author: pmyourkits
@_date: 2016-04-11 17:51:38
I think you're the person who lacks a concrete understanding of what a rootkit does. 
A rootkit is just software.  It may live in unusual places (bios firmware, hard drive firmware, memory buffers, etc), but it's still software.
You can checksum and verify memory contents and execution paths at (almost) any time, especially when the board in question was built with dedicated hardware to do so.  That's how most (but not all) rootkits are discovered.  You compare the existing memory image with a known good that it should match, and go, "Hey wait, this code path has 12 branches, it should only have 4, what the heck".  At which point you investigate and go, "Oh, something loaded an extra 8 paths into protected memory and overwrote that basic function with a new one, wonder how it did that".   Then you start looking at what else has hooked memory recently, and what lives on disk that could have put it there.
It's really a fascinating little field, but you're a bit silly to think that it doesn't change software.  The act of hooking is by definition changing software. :P
@_date: 2016-04-08 18:21:21
What if chickens are purple?
Your question doesn't actually ask anything. 
Because the question specifically asked for its worth in USD, the concept of whether fiat is relevant or not is entirely tangental to the discussion. 
@_date: 2016-04-08 16:48:48
Let's do some back of the napkin math.
if 1 satoshi is worth 1,000 USD, then 1 BTC would be worth
Or 100 billion.
Now let's use a conservative estimate by saying at that point almost all (&gt;20 million) of the coins have been mined, and that only a small fraction (1/5th) have been "lost" or otherwise removed from the economy.
Which means we have 16 million btc, with each worth 100 billion.
Which means the total amount of BTC in circulation would equal 1,600,000,000,000,000,000, 
or 1600 quadrilliion.
So lets be optimistic and assume bitcoin somehow is the entire world economy and used for everything.
The world economy is currently 77 trillion (give or take) GDP.
So the world economy would have to grow more than 20,000 times, and have everyone using bitcoin, to reach that point.
Or, the (slightly) more likely scenario, the USD would have to experience hyperinflation and inflate to 20,000 times its original value. 
So yeah, unless you're betting on the USD becoming worthless in a similar fashion to the german Mark, then odds are not in our lifetime. 
At an inflation rate of 5%(a rediculously high rate for the world to go through for very long, but achievable. Current average is 3.9% or so), in 100 years it would only raise 133x its original value.  So you'd need 200 years of super high normal inflation to make that GDP figure even likely.
So yeah, lets say 250 years or so?
@_date: 2016-08-03 20:56:11
@_date: 2016-04-08 16:37:08
A routine inspection would reveal it.  It's fairly common in any computer system like that, to have a checksum of the firmware/software that is utilized to run the process.  And they'd probably log and verify it against what -should- be running.
So probably next routine check they went "hey, this software has changed" then had to investigate into what changed/why.
@_date: 2016-03-28 13:43:17
I think you're confusing inputs with chains.
In your situation, you'd have a "chain" of only 1 for that given day.
A chain is merely when one output becomes the input of the next transaction, and in this case (or i may be misunderstanding), we're only caring about chains within a 24 hour period.
So if you only moved coins once in 24 hours, you'll always have a chain length of one, provided you've held them for more than 24 hours prior (they didn't move).
I agree we shouldn't ever try to argue some transactions are illegitimate or not "true". But on the other side there are definitely some transactions whose whole purpose is to inflate the blocks (such as the dust spam to thousands of addresses).  While those are still valid transactions and i'd never argue to surpress them, it would be useful to have metrics that could classify them and help determine what ratios the different use cases are.
@_date: 2016-03-28 13:41:48
I think the usefullness comes from being able to determine the relative worth of each subset.
So for example:
A mixing site may make very few long chain transactions, but pay a low fee since part of the benefit of mixing is the long rollover time to delay traces, so the confirmations don't matter so much.
A gambling site may make tons of 100+ chain transactions, and generally pays minimal fees, because it doesn't care when the transaction arrives.
A gaming site may make a lot of 20+ chains, but generally gets annoyed if transactions take more than an hour, so they will generally play the minimum suggested fee plus a few satoshis.
A retail site would want payments to be near instant, and may encode a fee into their QR codes that is a mbit higher than suggested, and have relatively low chain.
I think on it's own, it's just a nifty metric, but potentially could be used to evaluate the likely fee cost given the relative make ups of different "classifications" of transactions and their relative fee market.
@_date: 2016-03-28 12:57:40
I think your barrier of 10 may be a bit low, consider the following use case:
Person 1 wants to go shopping:
1. They load $200 from their cold wallet to their hot wallet (phone)
2. They buy a $20 widget online, change sent
3. They buy a $40 widget online, change sent
4. They buy a $100 widget online, change sent
So now when merchant 4 gets the coins, he's already 4 transactions deep. Now say he's a drop shipping merchant, he now sends one order to his drop shipper  The drop shipper then uses that to pay for postage 
Let's be generous and stop there.
That's a legitimate 6 deep chain, off only a very light shopping day.  If it was a shopping holiday, that would get prohibitive quickly. Looking at my personal wallet, I have a regular chain of 12, which occurs on bills day. Same way (hot wallet -&gt; pay bill -&gt; change pays next bill -&gt; etc)
The issue arises is a lot of use cases re-utilize change from previous instances, and if you only have an amount in one large input, the odds of it chaining the whole way down is high.
Now lets look at a more regular use case currently: 
Online gaming sites.
I'm not talking gambling, but one of the various pvp arcades. A relatively novel idea that only exists thanks to bitcoin.
Say someone plays around 20 ranked games, winning some, losing some. On the ones he loses he loses his stake, breaks the chain. But on his winning ones, he could rack up a chain 10+ deep pretty quickly just by winning from another guy who had played a bunch earlier.  But we can say this is a relatively minor use case.
I think it's an interesting metric, and I'd be interested to see the classes of transactions eliminated at 10,15, and 20.
My back of the napkin says it'd be relatively hard to reach a chain of 25-30, but a large chunk of the chain spam reaches that easily.
Would be cool data visualization
 
@_date: 2016-06-10 14:24:13
Yep, doesn't mean you won't be on the hook to send the item back potentially.  
Like i said, it's a gamble, and you'll win more often than you lose if you're careful. So it's just about managing risk. :)
@_date: 2016-06-10 13:19:58
Purse.io's discount has nothing to do with bitcoin.
It comes from people having "locked" funds in the form of amazon.com gift cards or credit, and wanting to turn it into cash.
It'd work just as well with paypal (except paypal would take a higher fee).
I will also point out, a large chunk of purse.io (ambigious number here, varies from 20% up to 80% depending on who you ask) is people trying to move stolen accounts funds.  So always be wary about anything you order from there and be accepting you may get a fraud call for the next 3 months about it.
Totally worth the risk on a $20 bag of pineapple chunks, maybe not so much on $2000 of stereo equipment.
@_date: 2016-06-10 14:55:45
I wouldn't agree.  I can't see any reasonable interpretation where this would be a taxable event. Tax wise, this separates into 3 different transactions.
1st step: You buy bitcoin, this generates a cost basis.
2nd step: You sell your bitcoin in return for a guarantee of delivery of a product, costing a price both the buyer and seller have agreed upon. Any difference between this price and the cost basis is a taxable event.
3rd step: The product buyer purchases the product buyer and is sent to the btc seller.  This generates no taxable difference. However it does generate a taxable event, due to sales tax.
However the product buyer could claim this is for resale and be sales tax exempt, and instead opt to charge the btc seller the taxes in step 2. Given it's e-commerce, they can bypass this step and then the tax burden would be on the BTC seller to properly report the sales taxes on the item the same way they should report sales taxes on all out of state internet purchases, voluntarily on their tax return.
TL:DR - The purse vendor acts as a storefront offering things on sale, which generates taxes only on purchase price, not retail value.
@_date: 2016-06-17 14:44:38
That's terrifying, and an amazing read!
@_date: 2016-02-10 14:53:02
Awesome, ty nullc, that's exactly what I was looking for.  I'm still a bit confused how it wasn't minder/node controlled if they had the settings before and now won't, and you said yourself many set it to 0 implying they do have control over it.
So when i upgrade my node to 0.13, I will still be able to set the memory pool to not prune free transactions with sufficient coin age?
@_date: 2016-02-08 22:16:13
So I'm apparently behind on the news, i know. But to me this reads that they're removing the option for nodes to decide their own policy for the "Reserved" space in each block, so a miner can't even process low-fee transactions if it wanted to without modifying their code.  
While I understand the logic of reducing codebase especially if most miners don't use this feature at all, is there a technical reason this is being removed beside that?  I could think of a few possible attacks using it but they'd only work once due to the coinage calculation, so maybe i'm missing something.
Relevant section:
**Relay and Mining: Priority transactions**




@_date: 2016-05-05 17:52:59
A thought experiment, out of curiosity:
It is "conventional" wisdom to never re-use an address.  We've already established CSW is technologically competent and at the very least well versed in the cryptographic principles which underly bitcoin.   
What if he has made a breakthrough in the address re-use problem in a way that he can concievably compromise it?  That would explain his desire to accumulate change in an address that has already been used.
I haven't dived into that particular problem beyond a cursory glance, but given what processing power he allegedly has, and the leaps he's already gone through utilizing novel attack vectors that have been ascribed to him as intentional, I wouldn't think this particular would be much beyond that.
So my question is, what went wrong to make him suddenly unsure his system would work?
@_date: 2016-05-05 20:36:29
You don't fix one impatient foolish mistake by being impatient in trying to correct it.
Given how "obvious" some of the mistakes were (such as the blog post), I'm not sure it's entirely unreasonable to hold off on making any judgements on what the "best" course of action is.  Because right now there are three options if we start with the assumption that he was fooled and this is a con of some sort:
1. This was a con that has failed
2. This was a con that has already succeeded and achieved its goal. 
3. This was a con that has yet to fail or succeed, and depends on his actions.
In two of those options, if he jumped to conclusions and makes the wrong decision, he could be helping the con succeed at some future point or ensure people think it failed when it was a huge success.
A little caution here wouldn't hurt.  Especially if they're using this time to ascertain exactly how they were fooled so they can better explain to everyone else.  A post coming out in a week isn't much different than one coming out today in bitcoin timescales. And i'd much rather see a well thought out explanation.
@_date: 2016-05-05 18:29:18
I think you're being a bit over-generalizing here on multiple fronts.
A script kiddie uses crap others have written.  There is no doubt that what CSW attempt here were, albeit decodable in retrospect, were relatively novel attempts.
Just because the collective power of several well-versed minds have spotted the tricks he's pulled, does not mean they weren't still new and inventive tricks.  So lets not devolve to pointlessly assigning titles, since it honestly weakens your case. There's very little doubt he's a scammer and a con, but downplaying the thought that went into it is rather insulting to those who worked to show it was false.
It wouldn't require breaking ECDSA, only to find a non-generalizable weakness in that particular curve.   There are lots of example of these kinds of attacks on very particular targets that are worthless in the general case.
It's not a matter of needing more coins sent to make his attack work. That's fairly common social engineering, by having people invest into something you could easily do without their investment, they become more invested in the outcome  and therefore more likely to decry anyone pointing out it is false.  Hence why he's being called a con-man, because most of his tricks are based in false confidence, not the actual sleight of hand he does.
However, with your post I will reclarify the question:
If his original plan was to utilize a compromised and exploitable K-value in that original transaction to send these coins back, what reasons (technological or otherwise) can we think of that would have stopped him from using the key to that particular block?   
@_date: 2016-05-05 20:43:50
It's amusing to me that people bring out the fact that reddit disproved something in 50 minutes that wasn't caught at the time.  
Ignoring the times reddit has gotten it wrong (bomber, etc), you're comparing one person, who is in a real situation, vs what is essentially the interconnected but singular hive mind of the human race.   That's like comparing a single computer with a supercluster.
Even if most of the individual nodes in that cluster pale in comparison to the lone computer, you put enough of them at a problem and they'll solve it faster just through the monkeys on typewriters factor.
Especially when you consider when people say "reddit" solved it, they really mean that a few people with similar technical level to gavin made posts that were collected here and parroted.
Hindsight is easy to evaluate, especially when someone else gives you all the answers to the test.  
I would challenge how many of the people calling for gavin's head actually read the breakdown of the signature forging and why it maintained its properties, and understood it.   While it's not the most complicated, it's certainly something that would cure insomnia in most people.
What will really be interesting, is how the various people respond to this event in the coming week or two, and what they prioritize. Their reputations, the bitcoin community, bitcoin as a system irregardless of the community, or the search for actual truth.  If G or I came out right now and said he was wrong to save his reputation, i'd consider that a bit disgraceful, since without knowing how and why he was fooled or what methods, it's not helpful to the community.
I.e. tune in next week for the thrilling season finale!