@_author: pnoy_spammer
@_date: 2016-08-04 03:41:57
According to the little graph in [this search result]( it seems it hit as high as almost $1200 each at some point.
@_date: 2016-08-04 04:31:36
@_date: 2016-08-04 05:20:27
Read it backwards?
@_date: 2017-02-14 06:23:38


Credit cards, debit cards, Paypal (and apparently even wire transfers) all have one thing in common, that Bitcoin and cash doesn't.
They are REVERSIBLE.
That is why ALMOST no one will accept any of the above as payments for buying Bitcoin. This is the classic scam.
Buy bitcoins with a reversible payment method, get bitcoins, reverse the payment as unauthorized (report credit/debit card stolen or Paypal account hacked), get back the money and keep the bitcoins.
So you probably won't find a payment processor willing to accept different payment methods and convert them to Bitcoin.
Which shouldn't be a problem, as the idea behind Bitcoin is that it shouldn't really need a payment processor. You can send Bitcoin to anyone anywhere, as long as you have Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-14 08:49:40
I think what he was asking was, how were you able to build up enough passive income to be able to retire and just live on the passive income.
 Is the passive income just from all of these investments?
How did you manage to build up such a cash flow at 42? What are your main investments that generate the cash flow?
I've been following and I've learned that the SWR (safe withdrawal rate) is 4%... which means I'd need $1 million invested for just $40,000 annually.
@_date: 2017-02-14 05:20:13
You say they have no right to know, and while I may agree, reading up on our local Anti-Money Laundering and Tax Evasion laws, it seems that when they do decide to audit someone, it seems that if your assets are greater than what you have paid taxes on, you WILL have to explain your source of income.
@_date: 2017-02-16 01:00:06
What I plan to do is to 7zip a text file with the private keys (along with a short description on how to cash out the bitcoin SAFELY), and set a password for it (which for 7zip, is AES encrypted, so should be impossible to decrypt without the password).
Then I 7zip it again, along with a text file containing a question only one of the recipients of the will can answer (basically a secret we share). Along with the instructions "your answer is the password to the .7z file included in this .7z archive". So only that person can open it.
THEN, I put a password on THAT archive, and include it in another .7z file along with a text file, which contains a question for ANOTHER recipient of the will. Along with the instructions "your answer is the password to the .7z file included in this .7z archive".
So basically, that person is needed to open the inner .7z file, and the first recipient listed earlier is needed to open the .7z file inside of that.
And just keep wrapping it in more layers, until you've included all the recipients of the will. This ensures it cannot be opened without all of them being present (unless the answers get socially-engineered out of all of them, so I can possibly inform them before hand that such a question is their "key" to their share in the will).
Then I could also make a "bypass" for trusted parties, or people who you WANT to be able to open the will even if not all other parties are present (e.g. parents).
e.g. a text file containing ALL the passwords in the chain, .7z'ed, along with a text file with instructions on how to open it for the trusted party (asking them a password only they should know, possibly inform them beforehand too to prevent social engineering).
Then you just leave copies of the original 7zip archive (which requires EVERYONE to sign off to open it) EVERYWHERE (in all thumbdrives, on your desktop, in all memory cards), and name it "WILL AND TESTAMENT.7z".
Maybe even email it to all of them, not like they can open it alone (except for the "trusted" party .7z, they might be tempted to open it prematurely, I'd leave that as a single copy on my personal laptop's desktop).
Putting it on the cloud would prevent the scenario where your house burns, and all the copies get destroyed (and in the unfortunate scenario that the fire takes your life, no one gets a copy of the will).
@_date: 2017-02-14 05:44:09
Hmm, can you explain further?
I am currently looking up my latest bitcoin address on blockchain.info, which I used to withdraw from LBC, and it's pretty obvious from the transaction date that I just got them today.
Just for educational purposes, how would I pass that off as something that I've had since, say, early 2011, when 1 BTC was 1 USD?
And this is based from my original scenario (anti-money laundering officials are AUDITING you, so they ARE going to investigate until the explanation is 100% plausible, and they will be THOROUGH).
Other than saying "oh I just tumbled yesterday the 1000 BTC I had since 2011", since that will definitely get pegged as laundering something.
@_date: 2017-02-16 03:07:04
RemindMe! 3 years "Can you buy a lambo with 1 BTC?"
@_date: 2017-02-10 09:55:00


Just for educational purposes, how would they do this?
Let's say some anti-money laundering officials started asking for "source of income" documents, and you claim this.
Say you were asked to show a transaction number that was dated back when you "supposedly" invested into bitcoin when it was dirt-cheap (and sign with a corresponding address).
Or if you claim to have used something like LocalBitcoins, you would be asked to show transaction logs that date back to those days.
Other than claiming to have used a tumbler (which IMO makes you instantly questionable), how would one explain how they don't have any transactions with old dates that can be linked to an address you own, or a web wallet account with old dated transactions?
@_date: 2017-02-17 06:12:25
Yes, Imgur strips all EXIF data (which contains phone brand &amp; model, camera serial number for some models, GPS coordinates if enabled, whether flash was used or not, focal length, etc.)
Because according to the Imgur guy, [anonymity is important to him](
Reading thru index.html, this is using sha256(file_contents) as the private key? Just like most brainwallets?
Also, I'd implement a password feature like:
    var password = document.getElementById("password").value;
    var aesKey = sha256(password).substring(0,16); // or PKDBF2() instead of sha256()
    var encryptedPic = aes_encrypt(picFile.result, aesKey);
    var hash = sha256(encryptedPic);
Might be also useful as "deniable encryption" (use a "decoy password" to get a different private key, load that up with a few bucks, so that if someone knows you are doing this, you can still protect your real cold storage).
Anyway, great job! I think I've read somewhere about using a sha256 output as a private key directly, but this is the first time I've really seen it in action.