@_author: poejk
@_date: 2015-10-01 18:57:57
No that solution is pie in the sky stuff that will never happen.  The best answer is to have competing forums controlled by different people.  Thermos can have his censored sub, and Roger can have a free forum.  The market will decide if they want to use a censored forum or a free one.  That is why so many people are leaving this sub. Look at Andreas Antonopoulos recent quotes for example.  Also as the rational people leave, it leaves irrational people, and people who have no clue about what is going on, which is why it still seems to persist the feeling that everyone hates Gavin and Mike here, while its not quite true when looking at the whole community.  A lot of people got banned and must go to the other subs, not to be named for fear of banning.
@_date: 2015-10-01 19:17:56
They banned so many already, many people have left for other subs.  Its not just banning, its the censoring of posts too.  How many posts have been censored today? I bet its not zero.
@_date: 2015-10-01 21:15:04
Gavin is not a jellyfish, he had the balls to stand his ground for Satoshi's vision. This entire girl's premise lies on wild assumptions that are completely false.  Gavin is a libertarian and found Bitcoin way before anyone through a libertarian talkshow Freetalk Live. While Peter Todd is a self described moderate.  She took Gavin's quotes about the gold star completely out of context in order to set up a strawman. A common tactic I have seen lately.  She acts like she knew better than Satoshi.  Satoshi knew what he was doing when he left things to Gavin.  This is really frustrating.  If she is an anarchist, why does she let Peter Todd a self described moderate statist mold her opinion, what a joke.
@_date: 2015-10-01 19:30:23
Julia is the one with a malleable personality.  She lets Peter Todd tell her what to think.  She thinks Szabo and LukeJR are likely Satoshi?  Wtf??  Stop attacking Gavin and Mike.  Gavin is probably more likely Satoshi than anyone, and Gavin agrees with Satoshi, while Szabo and others have disagreed with Satoshi on a number of issues.  What a load of BS.