@_author: pogostickpilot
@_date: 2014-06-10 21:30:12
Kyle what you're trying to do "needs to be done" because cavirtex has made awful decisions in the past, like totally pissing off your supporters and customers who invested in your company with shit like "we never promised dividends". You ask for real feedback. When I give you that you reject it as "absurd".
 
ab·surd, adjective - (of an idea or suggestion) wildly unreasonable, illogical, or inappropriate.
There is nothing absurd about expecting dividends over a year after shares were sold, and it's outright rude to call that feedback absurd.
  
This is exactly why I don't use you guys these days, despite being a shareholder. You only listen to what you want to hear. You think YOUR style of PR is going to increase the value of MY shares? If my shares let me vote I'd vote to fire you immediately. Take THAT feedback to Joseph.    
@_date: 2014-06-07 14:38:42
I'm afraid the financials will show how much capital was wasted on projects that never bore fruit.. like the shorting option. I'm afraid initiatives like rolling out debit cards are a negative investment too. Hows the ROI going for LTC support?.. Lobbying the Canadian government to raise barriers to entry in the bitcoin space?.. Hiring a PR flak? 
Sorry for that last barb Kyle, but you might not be needed if they were giving your salary to the investors as dividends. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 03:44:48
You wanna talk conspiracy theories? VoS has been trying to get listed on bitcoincharts.com for months - of course they have been, why no success? Is someone sleazy bribing bitcoincharts not to list VoS? Someone, maybe, who's on record asking the Senate to raise the barriers of entry?
Just a theory. Maybe coindesk or someone should investigate.
@_date: 2014-06-07 14:06:30
What would I do to grow CAVIRTEX and improve it’s image?
Start with fixing broken promises; "I do intend on paying a dividend once the company shows sustained growth and profitability, and will be providing the next dividend update as well as financials by Q1 2014."
Most investors are, or were, customers. If you want to mend fences with us, we need to see dividends and financials. 
I invested over 35 BTC in shares. I've realized that was a bad investment. It's now HIGHLY unlikely I'll ever see anything close to 35 BTC worth of dividends - and that's assuming you ever "achieve sustained growth and profitability" in the face of fierce competition, which you didn't even have before. 
Investors WERE your best customers and supporters. Give us a reason to be that again.