@_author: pokechopsandwiches
@_date: 2014-10-15 12:29:54
He's a gud boy. Din do nuffin. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:05:27
The old falling knife catch. It's hard to be objective if you have invested too much. It has saved me thousands and lost me thousands diving out of shitty trades. I dove from netflix at a 6k loss a long time ago, if I would have held the trade I would be up 20-30. But it has also prevented catastrophic losses, quite a few now that I think about it. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:00:31
Off the top of my head I recall "saving" 9k, 5.7k, and 27k selling at a loss, but not at the rock bottom. If I had waited for the stock to rebound or recover, I would have been out the sum of those figures. There are quite a few other times I let the knife drop without trying to catch it, but smaller amounts that don't stick in my head. 
I like many investors had to learn the hard way to acknowledge a bad trade and pull the ejection handle, not to wait endlessly for a recovery that will never come. 
It is easier for me though, in essence I treat my own picks as gambling money, and they are less than 10 percent of my portfolio. I do not have enough time to due proper research and analysis, so in my view my picks are typically a gamble. When I take losses, it's just part of the game, and it will never make me homeless. I don't use margins, despite the temptation and endless attempts of my brokerage account to tempt me into it. 
My real money is in a scattering of funds, gotta love Vanguard admirals shares. I bought like mad in 2008, essentially throwing every cent I had into vanguard and some local real estate plots being short saled. Buffet couldn't have been more right when he said to buy when everyone else is scared. Worked for me. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 22:24:57
I kind of looked around for a way to do that, didn't find shit. And frankly bitcoins scare the shit out of me from an investment aspect. They are just so volatile, and I can't even begin to understand the factors that cause their fluctuation. 
We are thinking on the same wavelength though. I used bitcoins briefly for some goodies on the Road, they were around 200 a pop just a half a year ago, if that. I made a years car payments just by being lazy and leaving coins in my wallet. When I cashed out I immediately thought of the brilliance of shorting the currency, it just seemed blatantly obvious that the Titanic was very quickly approaching the iceberg. I saw no practical way of doing it, although I'm sure someone somewhere at a trading desk has figured it out. 
It would seem like a fun bet, wait for another peak and short it somehow, let me know if you figure out how to place that trade. I'm genuinely curious regarding it. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:06:05
Shush. There has to be suckers on the other side of the field. 