@_author: polarbear011
@_date: 2018-01-19 12:40:49
Definitely excited for LN to really used en masse in a year or so. But just cant see the fees ever going anywhere but up (as bitcoin gains adoption, long term). Since a certain % of transactions of new users will still have to be done onchain (if only just 1 to open a channel). So more users = more onchain tx = higher fees even if segwit and LN are fully adopted.
So what happens in a few years if average fees reach thousands of $? How are we to even open an LN channel in those conditions? Im sure very smart people are working on a solution, but i would be lying if i said i wasnt concerned  :(
Even worse, as most of us start to use bitcoin as a currency, just imagine how much more fragmented our wallets will be, compounding the fee priblem even more.
@_date: 2017-12-15 12:04:48
Not possible to directly sweep papet wallet into Ledger i think.
Most convenient way is to sweep paper wallet into a mobile wallet, than send from mobile to Ledger.
I know Mycelium app can sweep, because i use it, probably other apps have same option.
Please make sure to understand how spending from paper wallets works. You cant spend only fraction from paper wallet! 
@_date: 2017-12-15 12:19:43
Paper wallet is just a printed out public-private key combo. It is a single address, and not a HD (hierarchically deterministic) wallet.
Problems with paper wallets i find are when you try to send bitcoin from them. You have first to sweep the funds into an app, and you dont get to spend only fraction of your paper wallet (if you try you risk loosing bitcoin in change address).
Imo, much better solution is to create a HD wallet with a multitude of mobile apps, than store the word seed on paper, for cold storage.
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:14:31
Was looking to replace mycelium with a segwit enabled wallet, but than saw samourai wallet require permission to send and receive sms, reroute ongoing calls, read and modify usb storage, read phone status and identity...
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:00:26
I would be reluctant to keep the seed online, but if having 2 geographically separate paper backups is not an option, you could split the seed on 2 different cloud services (different one time use emails used to register). 
For example keepass application enables you to setup a so called keyfile in addition to a password. Pw is useless without the keyfile, which can be any file (picture, video, excel spreadsheet, etc).
Imo most of the effort should be spent on quadruple checking the recovery procedure, and having a recurring calendar entry to do this annually.
Additionally i wouldnt talk about having any coins to anyone i know irl. People love flapping their mouths.
@_date: 2017-12-13 11:22:51
Private keys, required for spending btc never leave ledger nano, so without it being connected, no one can steal your coins.
What i find very practical is to use ledger nano on my phone, along with mycelium app. I get to have my ledger HD wallet on watch only mode (can see the funds and receive any time without having the ledger with me). And than when i want to send coins, just connect ledger via otg cable.
Bad thing is mycelium doesnt support segwit yet, so even larger fees to deal with  :(
@_date: 2017-12-15 16:45:11
Dunno, what do you want to do with your coins? If you want to trade and react quickly, than yeah, leave them on the exchange. Otherwise imo best to store keys yourself.
@_date: 2017-12-18 08:07:47
1) word seed written on paper, never on a computer, if possible paper backed up on 2 different locations
2) test recovery procedure by first sending small amount to ledger, than wiping it. After, test also you are able to send coins out of the ledger
3) If you feel you need the extra security, there is an option to create a custom 25th word (sort of a password), with a separate pin on the ledger device (mainly used for plausible deniability)
4) For convenience, ledger account can be added to mobile wallet mycelium, as a watch only account (youre able to receive coins without the ledger on you, as well as see available funds, transaction history... but for spending, need ledger attached with an otg cable)