@_author: poloace
@_date: 2017-08-12 14:43:33
7200 by Jan 1
@_date: 2019-06-18 18:32:53
Wow. Looks like you had a seizure at your keyboard.
Let me shed some light on your confusion. 
While there is an abundance of varying cryptocurrencies, only one truly matters... much that in the same way there are valued regions of land more so than others (I.e. coastal California, nyc) vs other parts of California and NY state.  Just like not all land is equal, not all cryptos are equal.
And yes, there is a shortage of land. You just happen to be living at a time when it is not as evident to you- but as a society the longer we continue to parasitize our resources, the sooner this land shortage will become apparent.
I never said there was a shortage of USD. There’s not. We can indefinitely print it. (Look at Venezuela, Argentina, etc)
Currently the value of BTC is measured against native fiat currencies. That’s true for all currencies. 
Also- I highly doubt your story of buying relatively early. You sound somewhat delusional and unlikely to relieve yourself without the aid of another dimwit who I’m sure you’ll claim also bought in at less than 1,000. Furthermore, if you sold, you truly are slow to understand what is unfolding.
Based on your attacks and lack of coherency, I’m sure those backing fiat and who do not believe in crypto are willingly welcoming you back to their ass backward ongoings. See ya!
@_date: 2019-06-18 20:24:04
Not very easily. Many restrictions to do so and limited access to exchange houses which likely take their cut. People get USD from family living abroad...  but think about this- why would a leader of any country be in favor of you exchanging your money for another currency? They wouldn’t. Bc what happens when EVERYONE uses another currency? That becomes the new currency (for example Zimbabwe 2008). Really undermines governments control of a population if they can’t control the money in use. 
So, people caught exchanging for USD can be arrested. Essentially black market.
Bitcoin gives them a way out.
Also, for the farmer who has no access to banks In the middle of nowhere in Asia or Africa - BTC allows him to pay laborers to harvest the crop that may otherwise end up dying on his watch bc he has no way to secure money from the bank in time to pay people who otherwise won’t work on an IOU. And that money can come from anywhere in the world. Imagine how we can jumpstart a path to bring those less fortunate up with providing access to loans instantly. It’s exciting!
That’s why it’s hard to answer your ‘real world use’.... the uses are as endless as your imagination. Like Andreas antonopolous says, ledgers allow people to document ownership. Money will obviously be the first application. But, it’s the first of many. 
Property/ real estate can change hands without the need for so many intermediaries which take time and money from the ordeal. I sell you a car on Craigslist- boom. You own it. It’s documented in the ledger.  Things will become better. Much like you likely struggled to grasp how the Internet was revolutionary or ground breaking.... this too will take time to set in. 
Upon my death, my will becomes executes as I’ve detailed a plan for what I leave to family and friends. No need for lawyers and arbitration which can be costly and time wasting. Much can happen
@_date: 2019-06-18 19:43:45
John, I think your reservations are valid.  No one is going to sum up ‘all the uses’ for Btc/blockchain for you...  not because we want to withhold that kind of information from you. Rather, that’s like asking what all the uses are for the internet in 1992. Back then you’d say ‘hmm. Download ascii art porn? Send email?’
We had no idea that the internet could be what it is today (cat videos and other important things).
With regard to its use as a currency, you won’t see it gain traction in the states or other first world countries in the way that it will where hyper inflation has eroded people’s financial ability to afford food, housing, medical care.
We are likely to see fiat exchanged for bitcoin speculatively here and other first world countries with people who have deep pockets. I just read a stat that if you had taken your Argentinian pesos and shifted them to BTC when BTC was at its PEAK, you’d still be better off financially than holding on to the native currency and watching it become more worthless. 
It gives people an option to attain a different type of currency. That option is much more valuable to them than it is to you and me, currently. As this pattern of failing economies repeats, bitcoin CAN be a savior. It may never replace the USD but it can become as strong as it through it’s non inflationary properties .... the opposite of which has plagued many countries and their inhabitants.
@_date: 2019-06-07 13:15:59
Andrea has her own antonopolis? Holy jizz.
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:39:49
Ummm.... I'd stop posting on here in general. Hopefully he isn't investigated for insider type activity- would suck royally if he did.
@_date: 2019-09-10 19:27:58
I’m done with predictions. You either believe in this shit, or not. Only thing you do by ‘predicting’ is make a mockery of the technology and potential advancements by making it all about money.
@_date: 2017-09-14 17:39:49
Ummm.... I'd stop posting on here in general. Hopefully he isn't investigated for insider type activity- would suck royally if he did.
@_date: 2019-05-11 03:36:42
That’s because No. Other. Coin. Matters. And, I don’t say that jokingly or lightly. 
No one has the infrastructure or utility that bitcoin will bring to the sphere of cryptocurrency or what it will do to political change, or freedom
of speech through utilization of money.
@_date: 2019-05-08 15:36:24
Looks like someone (OP) just watched some Andreas antonopolous videos