@_author: polpolrene
@_date: 2016-05-05 11:07:06
Yeah, he might have had the idea in 2005 and explained it to people, but really started working on it from 2007. This tweet doesn't prove a thing IMO. 
@_date: 2016-05-04 20:19:51
@_date: 2015-02-26 14:14:32
Where did you get that link? Website is being worked on. You can follow the project using these links:
Here are some updates about SWARM (and some legal research) in a Coindesk article:
And a new round for crowdfunding projects is on the way...
@_date: 2016-05-03 13:10:54
If he signs a message saying: "I am Craig White, the inventor of Bitocin" and signs it with a Satoshi key and puts it on his website I will believe him. If he also announces that he's about to move 1 BTC from a Satoshi address in the coming hour, and he does, I won't ever doubt the guy's claim that he is Satoshi. But until that moment I can't believe him. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 12:51:53
Hi there, I'm a volunteer for SWARM. Don't really get your point.... You're angry cause you couldn't vote? And you think that the system could be rigged by miners?? Sure?? Which miners, BTC-miners? Rigging a vote on the BTC-Blochchain? Explain to me how that would be possible.....
First of all SWARM did a fundraising and people got coins. They (the people who bought them) store them in a Counterwallet and everybody still has their coins so nobody got conned (read about the tech behind the counterwallet, it's quite secure). Blockchain-voting was already done by SWARM using "voting coins" on counterparty. It absolutely worked, no question about it. But letting people sent coins to an address is not the most user friendly way to do voting, so now they're working on a new platform, still on the blockchain, but more easy to use with the regular internet.
Both the Bitcoin foundation and SWARM decided to try it out. Both teams worked very hard to make it work. This is what the foundation posted on their blog:
*This voting platform is new and still in beta and there's a real risk that members may not experience the most seamless process. Your feedback is important so that we can improve for the next vote.*  
And now you're angry that things didn't work out? Here's some more info about what SWARM is doing:
*With the launch of Ethereum (both via Counterparty and on the main Ethereum chain) we are launching the Swarm as a completely autonomous organization, the first fully functioning Distributed Collaborative Organization.
All Swarm tech will be open sourced and made available on a new license model that makes it usable to people who have SWARM. This represents a new type of intellectual property model that we believe provides an appropriate incentive model for building collaborative organizations.* 
So as you see, SWARM will not only work just on a blockchain, it will be working on different blockchains, different platforms (counterparty, Ethereum) bringing it all together and it will even be open source. Next to that they did some great legal research fixing a lot of legal problems. So they're not only doing decentralized crowdfunding (why I started following them), they even do a lot more, taking risk as well. That's a spirit I like. And you know what? If you want to complain about how your blockchain-voting didn't work out the first time you tried it...... Feel free to do so. It's a free country isn't it? But don't forget to complain about the next bug in Apple's IOS as well. They only have like a trillion programmers working for them. 
 
@_date: 2015-02-26 15:06:45
The technology is called Counterparty, it's not created by SWARM but by the Counterparty-team. Take a look here: 
Counterparty uses the BTC-Blockchain for their operations. So on Counterparty you can store coins like GEMS, StorJ and Swarmcoins. The technology makes it possible for people to create a new coin and even to trade them decentralized or to pay out BTC or other coins as a "dividend". So here's the idea that got SWARM going:
Found a company, create 100 mljn coins on Counterparty (Lock them!, so no more Swarmcoins can be created!) and do a crowdfunding. So people sent BTC and got Swarmcoin back for it. SWARM is helping other start-ups get funded, so they do research on projects/start-up's and help some of them to launch their own coins. And x% of these coins will be payed out as "dividend" to Swarmcoin-holders. So you start as an investor buying Swarmcoin, and in your counterparty wallet you get new coins from new projects after their launch. 
On top of that SWARM is building software to work with Ethereum, Counterparty and more platforms as well. Making things like decentralized voting possible, so imagine buying coins in a newly launched project, than being able to vote on certain topics for that project in a safe, decentralized way. Does that make sense?? Will look for some tech-info about the project for you.... 
Here's a great video showing the coins being created and locked, also some good explanation:
