@_author: pooktwo
@_date: 2014-12-04 01:19:17
Thanks for posting this!
For those of you who dont know me, my name is Robert and I am the founder of FoldingCoin. Counterparty continues to show the true power of the Bitcoin blockchain with all the great features that CP can be used for. This is just another great example of how the FLDC community as a whole can have a say in what goes on with the development and direction of the coin. FLDC has many advantages over a traditional Altcoin and the voting feature can be a powerful one 
@_date: 2014-07-06 20:36:58
Well try this instead if you still have GPUs. If your like my team then you invested a ton of money into GPUs and CPUs for Bitcoin mining early on before the ASICs dominated the market. If your also like us then you have switched to doing Altcoin mining since last April and now with the Scrypt ASICs this year you find your self in the same situation where you cant turn a profit. Well we have the next generation of mining for us all. The best part is it is SHA-256 and Scrypt ASIC proof.
HOW DOES IT WORK? Instead of mining a coin directly, simply point your GPUs at the Folding network developed by Stanford university by downloading their FAH client. What this program does is uses your computer research to help fold proteins for scientific research. No configuration like CGminer or anything else is needed. This program is very well put together and straight out of the box.
HOW DO YOU GET COINS THEN? The way Stanford has this setup is you create a user name and you choose a team that you would like to fold with. You are then given credits for the work you do. Now these credits do not mean anything for the folders at Folding rather they are for bragging rights as you can see a list of all credits awarded on their stats page and you can see where you stand. Well with the counterparty Bitcoin 2.0 project that has recently been released you are able to build new coins on top of the Bitcoin network that already exists. The benifits of this is unlike altcoins that are subject to attacks and difficulty fluctuating all the time, your coin that you create on counterparty is actually secured by the Bitcoin network itself. What FoldingCoin.net will do is create a coin using the counterparty protocol and distribute them weekly to every participant in the FoldingCoin Team.
Please go to folding.stanford.edu for information on the project and go to foldingcoin.net for information on the coin. Lets get these GPUs back to work!