@_author: poolontheroof
@_date: 2018-01-05 15:21:46
Why did you like it as a currency? I feel the opposite. When it was supposed to be a currency, I saw some theoretical value (not controlled by banks or govts) but it wasn’t going to be useful in my life in a western country where I don’t have any problems with my own use of currency, credit cards, debit cards etc. I don’t need a new way to buy a cup of coffee. Even in developing countries I don’t think people need a new way to buy everyday things, they have things like mpesa.
As a store of value and an alternative to things like gold, which often holds its value when other assets dip/crash globally (which still remains to be seen for btc obviously) as well as for transferring relatively large amounts of money anywhere in the world is where I see the most promise.
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:16:11
Well not any other stock. For instance, Facebook is clearly massively successful but it IPO’d at $38 which is “only” 4.7x growth in the past 5 years. Snapchat is a massively successful $20B company and it’s basically flat since its IPO, all of that wealth creation was completely unavailable to the average person.
It’s precisely this difference that arguably is one of the most interesting aspects of bitcoin speculation and potentially ICOs as well.
@_date: 2019-03-02 16:28:15
I really don’t understand this outrage story at all. If you want bitcoin to succeed, surely you should want it to be useful and grow as broadly as possible? And coinbase is a huge contributor to that.
There’s a place for doing things by the book and following KYC and letting the average person buy bitcoin easily and legally, without it needing to be a big fuck you to “the man”. And there’s a place for being able to control your own money outside of the scope of governments. But until the entire world is in complete anarchy, there’s no need for every single bitcoin user to be in the second bucket. 
@_date: 2019-03-04 07:04:50
Coinbase is just as bad as Gox? This is why I can’t take any of this outrage seriously. No, working with people you don’t agree with, and complying with US laws you don’t agree with, is not the same as losing/stealing all of the money they hold.
@_date: 2019-03-03 03:25:02
The current vibe of this sub seems to be: if you’re not a full blown anarchist than you’re doing bitcoin wrong.
@_date: 2017-03-12 17:07:41
Everyone in the world is qualified to dismiss him, that's the whole point of cryptographic signature based trust. Until he provides a signature from the genesis block, no one cares, and Gavin trying to convince people otherwise about a guy who is also a known scammer was just weird.
@_date: 2017-11-26 16:53:03
Right, that’s why I said “sort of” anonymous, my post was long enough without going into this aspect. It’s pseudonymous. Lots of people have used it on Silk Road or wherever and never got caught. You can use mixing services or buy/sell from strangers with cash. But you’re right. There is a very permanent record, and even knowing quite a bit about Bitcoin I personally would not feel confident that my transaction was completely untraceable to someone looking for it even if I followed one of those steps.
@_date: 2017-11-26 08:06:10


While technically true, these kind of arguments usually just alienate people from Bitcoin. The parent was asking a practical question, and got a hypothetical reply about something they are not at all concerned about (VISA censoring their purchase of a perfectly legal and unregulated product). It does make it sound like it's just for nefarious purchases.
Better way to think about it - Bitcoin is digital cash. With some of the same upsides (can sort of be sent anonymously), though in some circumstances that doesn't really matter (you're giving the store your name and address anyway, and the store is required to comply with all KYC type laws). It also has the downsides of using cash instead of something like a credit card or paypal - once you send it it's gone and there's no way to "charge back" the money if something goes wrong. For some of the same reasons I'd prefer not to send a western union money transfer to buy stuff online, I don't really see much point in using bitcoin for online shopping. (Though maybe one day a cryptocurrency or side chain will provide a compelling reason to do this).
The bigger value of bitcoin is as an alternative to gold and money transmitters. It's a fixed resource, with prices controlled by the market instead of any government. I can choose to own and control it myself (put it under my mattress, so to speak, but more securely) or invest in it but have someone else control the actual resource. And it can be sent around the world without interference from governments or middlemen (which does have a concrete benefit for people in countries with less dependable currencies), for a small flat fee regardless of whether I need to send cents or thousands of dollars.


Same way you convert gold or a cow or anything else into things you want. You find somewhere you can barter with directly (but why?) or else you sell it for fiat currency and use that (potentially via paypal or some other helpful service) to buy the thing you want.
@_date: 2017-11-07 15:06:10
If you’re most worried about an end of the world, the entirety of financial markets have collapsed and all that is left is bitcoin scenario, then sure. In a hypothetical stable future world that looks a lot like today’s world, a relative novice is arguably more likely to lose coins themselves (by sending to the wrong address, losing a key, not understanding replay protection correctly, etc.) than for coinbase to lose them or get hacked AND Coinbase’s insurance not pay out. 
The exception would be if you have done something illegal in the eyes of the us government (or you are worried about being wrongly accused of such).
@_date: 2013-12-24 07:25:24
Stumbled across this thread late, but I second the other responses:  1. oauth implementation that requests read-only permissions and 2. ability to watch public addresses, with current exchange rate
Though I give my username/password for banks and credit cards I add to mint, it's because of the "insecure by default, but spend a lot of money to fight fraud" MO of normal financial institutions.  I'd never give Mint full access to a bitcoin wallet, even with a legit player like Coinbase AFAIK there's still no chance of recovery if something goes wrong (and username/pass obviously wouldn't work anyway with 2FA).
Using OAuth is a responsible way to integrate with 3rd party apps - I get that banks don't provide access that way so Mint defaults to asking for username/password, but I'd love to see you guys do it the right way with something like Coinbase where there's an option.