@_author: poop_grunts
@_date: 2014-02-08 06:30:51
As someone who has worked at an organization that was being investigated, and a software engineer. I can really sympathize with mtgox right now. 
The reason they haven't said anything to anyone, especially not some random guy that's freaking out, is because they have to run everything through their legal department or Public Relations. In the case of the organization I was working for they had to hire a PR firm to try and contain the mess while all the employees in the organization printed out mountains of paperwork to present to investigators or media.  Nothing got done for months it was a fucking nightmare.
As a Software Engineer I can confirm that bugs fucking blow ass especially on production with live data. I couldn't imagine nightmare they are dealing with since their production data actually involves tons of other peoples money.
Just gonna sit here patiently and watch everyone flip the fuck out. If I'm wrong and I lose money so be it. It's not like I'm going to help the situation in any way by freaking out. Then again I didn't bet the farm on mtgox, I only invested what I was willing to lose, so theres that.
@_date: 2014-02-08 06:55:54
That is unfortunate yet not uncommon. They should probably look into getting a PR person or possibly hire an outside firm to handle these situations for them if they want to to retain their customers confidence. 
Too me it appears that they just don't have the experience that is needed to run such a large operation. I still have hope for them seeing as how situations like these people in key leadership positions tend to resign and more competent individuals are brought on board to replace them.
@_date: 2014-01-28 00:38:57
And some are robots. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 13:49:22
I volunteer my skills as well. Not only is it the right thing to do, it would also look good on a resume. Think about it guys.
@_date: 2013-12-05 07:54:12
The trader pings the mtgox ticker at a given interval and stores the data as an object in a collection of 25 objects max. Each ticker item gets a Percent Change value calculated from the previous entry. It then take a Simple Moving Average and a Exponential Moving Average of the percent change, then checks when the EMA and SMA cross each other. If the EMA is above the SMA it indicates that there may be an upward trend about to start if it's below the SMA it indicates the trend may be dipping downwards. Basically a ghetto version of  but it appears to work well enough.
I've also implemented a "predict" method that will take the EMA of the Percent Change and apply it to the latest ticker value. Currently it will only place an order when the predicted price is greater than the current price and place the order for the predicted price.
Hope this what you were looking for.
@_date: 2013-12-05 05:56:28
Definitely agree. I sorta only put it up to simplify deploying it to my hp could instance. Now that bitcoins are at an all time high I figured it might be time to actually try and make this thing work.
I'll start setting this up as a legit project ASAP.
@_date: 2013-12-05 05:53:13
I thought of doing it in node at the time but I have more experience in php and didn't want the overhead of learning a new technology. In retrospect that was a bad idea :\ JS would have been much easier to work with.
@_date: 2013-12-05 15:56:41
Thanks, I'll take a look at it. I don't have very much financial math experience either...