@_author: poopoopalooza
@_date: 2014-05-25 15:36:12
If I did the things a government does that people accept as good or normal, I'd be considered a murderer, thief, sociopath, sometimes even a rapist, etc.
@_date: 2014-09-02 22:19:39
And how does this contradict the message of the video?
@_date: 2015-01-16 22:17:03
According to the judge, knowing your rights as a juror means you're unfit to serve as a juror.  That should tell you everything you need to know.
@_date: 2015-01-18 16:55:00
So although you won't explicitly say it either way, based on everything you said, if you sat on the jury during a fugitive slave law trial, you'd send someone to prison for helping a slave get freedom.  And I guess that you think that it was wrong for the jurors to bring their ideology that you shouldn't be allowed to literally own another person into a court when they nullified the fugitive slave laws.
And you think that I'm the crazy dangerous one.
If they passed a law that gave the death penalty to anyone who wore a green shirt, would you give the guilty charge as a juror for someone caught wearing a green shirt?


The Founders attempted to set up the government so that at each level and each branch, they'd constantly be vetoing each other.


They effectively said, "the laws of England no longer apply to us."  They didn't work with the British government to try to change the laws.  They simply nullified them.
[Here's a quick read on Thomas Jefferson's view of nullification.](
@_date: 2015-01-17 13:36:25
Yes, you should go with that idea in mind because it means you're going to judge the case not based on a set of rules that someone else sets, but by your own conscience.  The law has been wrong over and over again and as we move throughout human history, more laws are being struck down as unjust.  
The fugitive slave laws are a perfect example of why every juror should know they have the right to nullify.
@_date: 2015-01-17 16:58:49
The government would have loved for you to serve as a juror during a prosecution under the fugitive slave laws.
@_date: 2015-01-18 19:21:35


It's called a hypothetical.


No, I don't believe my morals to be immutable or unquestionable.  I just won't go along with something I believe to be wrong.
What is the purpose of having ethics if you're going to bail on them when the majority tells you to?
@_date: 2015-01-17 17:29:09
How is that irrelevant?  Jury nullification was hugely important in keeping people who harbored fugitive slaves out of prison.


The country was founded upon the principle of nullification.  That's exactly what the colonists did to the law of England.
Let me ask you this, because since you're posting here, I assume that you use bitcoin...if the government declared bitcoin illegal tomorrow, do you think it would be wrong to engage in bitcoin-related activities?
@_date: 2015-01-17 18:05:56




What if the government banned the drinking of alcohol?  There's precedent there.  Would it suddenly be wrong to drink alcohol because the government declared it illegal?


So should a jury send someone to prison because they broke the law even though they didn't actually do anything wrong?


Would you feel good about yourself sending someone to prison who broke the law but didn't actually do anything wrong?


What would you call everything that happened to bring about secession from England other than nullification?


Then why is it accepted as a decision by the court?
**Let me ask you this: knowing what you know now, if you were sitting on a jury during a trial over someone harboring slaves during the time that the fugitive slave laws were in effect, and he admitted to doing it, would you send him to prison for it?**
@_date: 2015-01-17 16:13:14


It's supposed to be the "law created by politicians unaccountable to the people they represent but bought and sold by powerful financial interests" not "the law of the 7 average people who are just like you and me."
@_date: 2015-01-17 16:09:23
First of all, if you think that the current court systems are fair, I don't know what to tell you.  The state authorizes itself to be the arbiter in disputes you are involved in even if they are the other party in the dispute.  
Personally, I do my best to act in ways that do no harm to others, so I'm not opposed to breaking laws that have no victim.  If I'm put on trial for breaking one of those laws, I sure as hell want the jury to be able to think for themselves.
Anyway, we all nullify laws on a daily basis as it is.  How often do you actually make a full stop at a stop sign?  It's probably only when not doing so would put yourself or someone else in harm's way.  When someone it put on trial, it is because they are accused of nullifying the law.  If you're afraid of a jury nullifying a law, then you should be absolutely terrified of people having the freedom to act in ways that could put them in front of a jury.
@_date: 2015-01-18 17:40:46


Nullification is not about seizing power--it's about removing the power a person or a group of people have.


How did they get to the point of violent revolution?  It was because they decided that the laws of England no longer applied to them, otherwise they would have felt no justification to fight the war.


There were many abolitionists during that time period who believed that owning a person was completely wrong in the same way we do.  Read some Lysander Spooner.
And just because people didn't realize their actions were wrong doesn't mean that they weren't wrong.


And if you read back, I even framed the question of you sitting in the jury during a fugitive slave trial with you *knowing what you know now*.


So throw a person in prison even if you didn't think they did anything wrong?


I guess it was immoral to hide Jews in your house during Nazi Germany.


You can do that, but if you're talking about the legal way to change things, explain to me how nullification is illegal.  Nullification is a perfectly legal way to make political change.  I'd say it's much more effective as well.


Because I own my body.




But the jury does have the right to nullify.