@_author: pop494
@_date: 2017-06-27 13:52:01
As I understand it, the Lightning Network is a great fit for things like public transportation, taxis, petrol, groceries, spending at your local pub or your favourite takeaway, subscription payments, utility bills, micropayments. It may not be such a great fit for things like mortgage payments, rent payments, loan repayments, B2B transactions, because although these payments are regular, it remains to be seen whether you would be to effectively route payments of that size across the network.
My hope is that one day most of your payments will give you the option to "drip" funds - I think it would be great to see my "wallet balance", with any utility bill payments/mortgage/loan/contributions to pension etc already deducted from the balance - The idea is that your mortgage could be paid in 4 hourly installments, for example - which would for many people avoid having to get a short term loan because the swings of their balance are out of tune, and by "drips" I mean, small trickles, instead of a few sweeping tides in or out of your account, so yes, I would want my salary to "drip" into my account too, with one of more payments arriving each day.
This would make it much easier for people to manage their finances, too as they wouldn't need to give so much thought to the large chunk that is going to be drawn all at once in 3 days.
Whether the lightning network, combined with smart contracts, could facilitate such functionality remains to be seen.
@_date: 2017-06-26 16:55:09
I spoke to the founders of a very popular UK centric bitcoin trading site, that like localbitcoins facilitates transactions like this (albeit, the rates are not quite so good last I checked), about this a couple of years back as I was thinking about becoming a trader on their site. In the UK, it's pretty much unheard of for a UK bank to close your account for trading bitcoin, and unheard of unless you're transacting tens of thousands of pounds a week.
Sure, they won't give an account to a bitcoin exchange, but that has much more to do with the amount of additional paperwork they have to do to keep the account open, combined with the small benefits to them of doing so - I don't know if they earn any fee revenue from Faster Payments, for instance.
If you're looking for evidence to the contrary, take a look through the history in the subreddit; I think if this had happened to anyone, it's not improbable they would have posted about it (I can't see anything).
@_date: 2017-06-26 15:29:13
It would be great if pauza.hr would follow their lead.
@_date: 2017-06-26 15:18:07
What I want to know is whether the "bitcoin equivalent" they are proposing would have the following characteristics: will it be example of triple-entry accounting, or double-entry accounting. If the former (as in Bitcoin), great - this means the payment is the receipt, and can be verified by anyone (as opposed to a system like Ripple, where they run all the verifying nodes, and you cannot perform this verification yourself). Secondly, how will the coins come into existence? Will they be pegged 1:1 to a fiat currency, such that the economic policies (quantitative easing, etc) are not controlled by the "cryptocurrency" at all, or will it be a new token of some sort, ideally one which is mined using Proof-of-Work, by anyone, into existence, as part of handling verification of transactions in a decentralized manner. Thirdly, will it feature technology such as Zk-Snarks, which personally I find very iffy (due to the risk of "secret inflation" that can never be discovered without a whistleblower).
To be honest, I find the idea of a bank or country operating their own cryptocurrency terrifying - far worse than a "cashless society", unless it is very much akin to Bitcoin (which I highly doubt) - the idea that now, 5 years from now, or 25 years from now, with the promises and guarantees of those who first created it now worthless, as control has passed into the hands of others, who may use it to exert a totalitarian level of control upon a population never before dreamt of...
Of course, there is a simple "solution", which mostly solves these issues (perhaps). Don't use it, and if you must to transact on a daily basis, use it only as a payment rails, rather than a store of value (and hope that others do the same).
True triple-entry accounting, we really need - I have personally in past had large sums of money lost, upon withdrawal from online services (non-bitcoin related) that took weeks to track down. Worse, when my Grandmother passed away, in her will was mentioned an investment vehicle held by a bank, that had been bought out by Barclays. It contained over £50,000. Barclays claimed that the money had been sent to another account, years before, but the other account showed no trace of the money ever having been credited. It took Barclays over 2 years to "find" the money. Unfortunately, my Grandfather passed away about a year later, and again in his will was mentioned a similar account, from the same bank, containing again an amount over £50,000. This money too, is currently "lost" with the bank insisting once more that they no longer have the money. It's been about 2 years, hopefully they will find it soon (there are lawyers involved, and plenty of paperwork to suggest they do have the money).
I heard a similar story of a Woolwich savings account, which was "lost", and took over a year to find.
And, if you read online, these types of events are commonplace (just one example): 
I know people "lose" their bitcoins too, but unlike with a custodial setup, there is nothing to stop you from transferring your bitcoin to a BIP39 wallet, and making multiple backups of the keys (or if you have nowhere you consider completely safe to keep those backups, creating a M-of-N wallet, with perhaps 6 keys and a requirement to provide 3 to authorize a transaction - this ensures you can "lose" 50% of your carefully stored keys, and still have no problem accessing your funds. I would recommend you do not create more keys than you can come up with very safe places to store keys for the timeframe you're thinking of keeping funds in that wallet. And having an accessible "watch only" wallet linking to the same could be useful. Armory had functionality like this, it's a shame development stopped awhile back.