@_author: porkchopsandwiche5
@_date: 2018-08-13 18:35:56
Has anyone considered a more calculated scenario? I definitely think it's far more likely that they just completely shit the bed....but what if:
  
They use the IPO to greatly increase the size of their war chest, using the new money to both increase mining power and off-set their losses from liquidating btc to prop up the market price of bch. In the mean-time, we progress toward the 2020 halving and they have no bitcoin (core) left, so they don't give a shit about tanking bitcoin. At this point they've gained 51% of the hash power and can torpedo the bitcoin core network with no worries about acting against their own self-interest. Then, with only one coin that's essentially still "bitcoin" (obviously with flaws, but on a continuum it's still roughly the coin we know) and all the branding power behind it, they can successfully coax a flippening with a marketing push for bch and massive publication of the bitcoin network failure. They label it as a "stress test" of btc to avoid negative publicity and advertise their own coin in its stead, it being immune to a 51 attack since they already control 51% of the bitcoin cash hashing power.
The only thing they have to do is convince IPO investors that they'r worth the 18B (or whatever that number ends up being), keep BCH relevant (above...say 100 bucks or so), accumulate mining power (which they can do under the radar since that's the point of the company), and hang in there for another year or so. They have a constant stream of new btc with which to prop up the price of bch from the mining efforts.
You can skip most of this thing, but the last 4 paragraphs outline a scenario. Not sure how feasible but it's got me a tad concerned even if it is a hail mary. They're going to have a shitload of cash after this IPO.
@_date: 2018-08-13 20:32:06
It's a mystery for sure.
I just can't shake the idea that there is something that we're not seeing. These guys aren't idiots - we may not like them, but you don't manage a hedgefund and then found a multi-billion dollar crypto company on soft merits. If they're liquidating bitcoin in favor of bitcoin cash, I can't help but think they have some sort of play drawn up - it would be absolutely unthinkable otherwise. I don't think Jihan believes, ultimately, that there will be two currencies, despite public commentary. 
I'm concerned that there's a snake with access to a boatload of new cash and he's willing to play the long game.
My 2 cents anyway...