@_author: posinaga
@_date: 2013-02-09 02:44:26
But discussing Bitcoin with people costs 0, while operating a validation node costs a lot (money, time, etc.).
I guess that incentive makes sense for someone that is SIGNIFICANTLY invested in XRP.  I.e., if I put $1M in XRP, I *better* run a bunch of validation nodes!  Or else I am screwed!
So I guess for that incentive to work, you will need to sign up early fully committed significant investors that can operate nodes for a long time AND have a significant investment in XRP.
Now, if initially getting a bunch of XRPs costs 0 - then who would run nodes?  I.e., I would definitely try to get a hold of as many XRPs as I can get initially for 'free' and then just wait.
I just don't get it.
There is a missing element here.
@_date: 2013-02-15 05:27:00
bitcoin is useless in these situations - same as the case of venezuela with devaluation.
when you use credit card from argentina to buy something international in dollars, you can buy dollars at the official exchange rate of 5 pesos per dollar.  the actual exchange rate (if you want to buy dollars with pesos) is about 8 pesos per dollar.  the does not sell dollars at the official exchange rate for the purposes of investment/saving in dollars.  the only reason why you can buy dollars is if you are going to import stuff for industrial reasons, and then you have to go through endless bureaucracy.
so if you want to buy bitcoins, you first need to buy dollars at $8 and then buy bitcoins in mtgox or somehere
people exchanging bitcoins for pesos natively/locally will do it at the equivalent of 5 persos per dollar!
so bitcoin is not really useful in those situations - as much as gold is or so on, you will not get gold at the equivalent of 5 pesos per dollar in argnetina, but rather at the equivalent of 8.
-- so that's my rant :) -- bottom line:  bitcoin is USELESS in those situations.
PS: i am from argentina
@_date: 2013-03-18 18:56:20
I am Argentine.  Using bitcoins will not help here.
When you use your Argentina credit card to buy internationally, the government provides your bank with dollars at the official exchange rate (about 1:5) for your purchase.
For you to purchase bitcoins, you will have to pay the black market dollar rate - (about 1:8)
So in fact, using bitcoins is WORST than using your Argentine credit card.
What would REALLY help is be able to buy bitcoins using your Argentine credit card - in that way you will buy bitcoins at the official exchange rate which is an AMAZING deal, regardless of the 20% fee (which btw is just witholding for income tax, not really an extra tax).
@_date: 2013-02-09 02:18:34
still don't understand the incentive.  why would i operate a validating node if i can freeride holding XRPs while others operate nodes?
@_date: 2013-02-09 01:17:10
can you briefly articulate what is the incentive structure for validators?  have been looking at the wiki but there is no information about that
@_date: 2013-02-15 16:40:26
yes but you don't need bitcoin for that - you can offer services and get payed in dollars through paypal (say).
so really bitcoin does not work in this situation - and it is unfortunate that people want to believe that it does, because everyone is so excited about bitcoin.
IT DOESNT HELP IN THIS PARTICULAR SITUATION.  But this post will continue to be at the bottom of this thread, because we all want to believe that bitcoin is amazing and works for everything and the universe will be magnificent.
@_date: 2013-02-15 16:41:40
you can implement cleverness through dollars - no need for bitcoins.  in other words, I agree:  if you are clever you can circunvent;  but you don't need bitcoins for that.  bitcoin is a non-factor here.
@_date: 2013-02-15 19:37:43
I am going to stop replying to this thread now.  The groupthink in this thread is ridiculous.
Let's be clear.  The government is witholding 15% income tax when you use your credit card to buy stuff in foreing-denominated currency.  That's all.
Because the exchange rate you get when you buy through credit card is ridiculously subsidized (5 pesos vs 8 pesos per dollar), it still makes A LOT OF SENSE to buy through credit card.
Using bitcoins would be ridiculousuly more expensive.  You'd buy dollars first (at 8 pesos per dollar) and then buy bitcoins.
PEOPLE, seiorusly.  Let's stop this groupthink thing.  Bitcoin is great and we are still looking for the killer licit app.  But circunventing government intervention is not the killer app.
Or at least not now.  It will be when everyone is transacting on bitcoin in the real world.
@_date: 2013-02-15 19:39:53
seriously?  you are not understanding the problem then.
yes.  if the entire world is using bitcoin or ripple, there is no need for currency and therefore no govt can regulate i such away.
today unfortunately, people in argentina get pesos when they work.
(yes, i know, they could get bitcoins for work, but so they could get dollars that don't have such regulations!!!)
so this is HUGE linkbait.
I am amazed by the groupthink going on here.  It's unbelievable.
@_date: 2013-03-14 15:47:11
yes of course, but there is an entire market of people that will help you take your dollars out for a small fee (e.g., 1-3%)
so in practice, currency controls are circumvented (as they always are!) by black markets and clever tricks
bitcoins are not the answer here.  i know people will read the header and go like "yes, bitcoins are the panacea".  well, not in this particular case.
there is a caveat though:  international credit card transactions use the official exchange rate.  so if you can buy bitcoins oversees with your credit card, then you can 'break' currency controls.  however, it is illegal to buy dollars (or any other foreign currency) today for the purpose of savings.  so I guess you should have to keep your bitcoins as savings and not sell them so that it is not illegal ?
@_date: 2013-03-14 15:43:31
problem with that is expensive goods are priced in dollars - and people think in dollars vs pesos in terms of black market rate
@_date: 2013-03-14 13:57:45
It doesnt!
I am Argentine
The problem is not that you cannot exchange Pesos for Dollars (or whatever).  The problem is that you cannot exchange it at the official exchange rate (about 1:5).
You can (of course) exchange pesos for dollars in the black market (about 1:7.5)
You can buy bitcoins, but noone in their right minds will sell you bitcoins at the equivalent of the official exchange rate for dollars.
So let's be clear - bitcoins are not helping argentines break currency controls.
What everyone does is to buy dollars (actuall bills) in the black market.