@_author: postvolta
@_date: 2019-06-19 06:48:02
Yeah I was thinking a lot of that while reading this. Like 75% of what he has said... If someone got hold of my message logs, man. I've said some horrific shit for the purpose of making my friends laugh.
Zuckerberg is an evil sociopath with far too much power, why are people surprised he holds resentment towards the very 'dumb fucks' who signed up to his gross website and made him rich?
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:01:24
I didn't say bitcoin was a collector's item. I was comparing it to gold. Gold isn't a collector's item, it has many purposes and uses in the physical world one of them being currency.
I am aware that the money I have is essentially virtual but if I wanted I could go to an ATM and take it out of the bank and hold it in my hand. And yes, I am aware that *still* is not actually worth anything inherently. It's the fact that 65 million people in my country use it, every single business accepts it as currency, and it's relatively stable.
I think Bitcoin will one day be widely used by many many people and it will stabilise, but I believe its issue with the general public who don't understand it is that you cannot hold it in your hand. That will change as each generation becomes more accustomed to virtual things but it's a long slow process.
The fact is that currently it's hard to use it as a currency because the value changes so rapidly... so currently Bitcoin is more of a collector's item until it stabilises.
@_date: 2018-12-15 09:02:32
I think the concern for me is this:
Gold has been for centuries used as money. If not gold then some other tangible, hold-it-in-your-hand thing.
And yes the only reason those things were valuable was because of the value assigned to them by people. When India paid people to kill snakes, of course they farmed snakes because snakes became valuable. Value is a human assigned thing.
So Bitcoin comes along and 'takes the seat' but it's virtual. You cannot hold it in your hand. Sure you can write it down and have a bit of paper and that bit of paper is technically X Bitcoin. I think Bitcoin's issue will forever be that it has no actual tangible existence.