@_author: posterofmanythings
@_date: 2016-08-04 08:05:30
This definitely beats regular lotteries!
@_date: 2016-08-03 12:12:55
I am an Economist. Austrian economics has contributed some useful theories over the years but also a lot of useless and extreme right-wing psuedo-economic nonsense.
Austrian economists are also notoriously resistant to taking data and testing their theories with econometrics, which is why they are generally not taken seriously anymore.
@_date: 2016-08-03 12:01:36
If he is smart enough to hack 80 million and not get detected he's obviously smart enough to handle the rest
@_date: 2016-08-04 08:13:59
Hong Kong isn't the USA, their financial authority likely doesn't care much about how Bitfinex proceeds
@_date: 2016-08-03 12:07:22
You only have to hold a depreciating currency if you hold cash in your bank account. Anyone with more than 5k can purpose inflation indexed bonds through their bank which wont depreciate in value ever, and are guarenteed by the US government.
Not saying your advice isnt good, but your wealth at this point in time is still legitimately safer in the bank.
@_date: 2016-08-03 12:17:17
It's a nice thought but honestly it's almost certain the hackers will never be caught.
How many of Bitcoins biggest hacks and scams have resulted in the perpetrators being caught? Next to zero.
@_date: 2015-12-05 15:10:36
Can't say I have much sympathy for the guy, he sounded like he was perfectly happy with helping Ross to organise what they thought were murders.
You can't claim to have the moral high ground in the war on drugs when you organise hits and other types of violence.
@_date: 2015-12-05 14:15:21
That was the address they registered the company with in Hong Kong on the official documents.
That's what I thought, maybe the reception staff made a mistake but they quite clearly said that Bitfinex had never occupied an office in the building.
@_date: 2016-03-28 12:27:24
Where the hell are you from where banks do this?
In Australia a passport or drivers liscence + any type of bill showing your address is all you need. If you are opening a business bank account all you need is an ABN/ACN as well, they don't even ask the nature of your business.
@_date: 2016-01-26 16:53:42
He could verify his ownership of the coins with a signed signature using the Bitcoins private keys.
@_date: 2016-06-14 14:13:59
Brilliant, please accept my upvote
@_date: 2016-06-21 12:10:20
But how do you know when a wave has passed?
@_date: 2016-06-03 14:53:14
You almost certainly have a SAR lodged against you.
Unfortunately when you have an SAR they can't legally tell you that you have one, nor can they let you access your funds. All they can do by law is give you various excuses and vague answers.
Be aware that this situation is most likely NOT you vs Bitgold, it's you vs whichever government body regulates money laundering your country.
The smartest thing you can do is get a lawyer.
Hope you get your money back man!
@_date: 2017-01-08 06:22:43
Zero hedge has been widely known for many years as a conspiracy site full of blatantly incorrect facts and bad journalism.
@_date: 2016-12-04 03:11:04
Actually inflation is a regressive tax which impacts the poor more as they keep a greater percentage of their wealth in cash and low-yielding assets.
Source: Economics degree
@_date: 2016-12-04 03:15:18
We can't accurately measure true inflation and the measurements we do have such as CPI overstate it so governments aim for 2-3% to prevent deflation.
Economists would generally prefer 0% true inflation but a small amount of inflation is preferable to deflation.
Countries with higher inflation targets than 2-3% generally either have bad monetary policy or are in a situation where 2-3% is unachievable so they use forward guidance to stabilize investor expectation (In other words they are saying "Even though inflation is too high be assured we will keep it within this predictable range").
@_date: 2016-10-08 13:32:24


I'm not specially talking about QE, as QE is a special case of expansionary monetary policy, i'm just talking about basic overnight operations and international money market interventions performed by the central bank.
There's no mathematical reason fiat will fail this way. The goal of this intervention is not for the central bank to make loans and then take profit, it is to change liquidity in the interbank market, the money creation process is merely a side effect of our efforts to effect the inflation rate.
@_date: 2016-10-09 13:22:33
While studying for an economics degree at university I was conducting research into the inflationary nature of fiat currency and the role of the central bank in conducting monetary policy.
I came across the Bitcoin whitepaper by Satoshi referenced as an example of an alternative idea for a currency mechanism and spent the whole night pouring over it. I invested heavily within the week.
Personally I dont see Bitcoin taking over fiat currency in it's current form, because although there are problems with the current financial system Bitcoin has some core weaknessess that would prevent it from being a viable alternative.
I do however predict huge future growths in the Bitcoin economy because of the problems it does solve, I am bullish on the long term price, and I firmly believe that SOME form of digital currency will probably end up replacing fiat in the distant future, although i'm not holding my breath this will occur in our lifetime. Still I have my fingers crossed.
@_date: 2016-10-09 04:16:24




I never made a claim that website specifically sold gold or silver, I said they show the nominal price of gold which is completely irrelevant because it is not adjusted for purchasing power. Showing movements in the nominal price of virtually ANYTHING is completely irrelevant because it doesn’t provide any relative measurement.
(Edit: I did look back on my previous post and realise I made the claim that website sold gold. I was mistaken in that regard and for that I apologise, however that doesnt detract or change the relevance of any of the rest of this post as that website is showing only the nominal price change.)
This is not “removing inflation from the equation”, as you’ve falsely claimed, this is taking inflation into account. Surely this should be completely obvious to you that to track the change in price of something you have to take purchasing power in to account, hence why we have all of our economic indicators in “real” terms, such as “real gdp”, “median real income”, etc. The nominal price of gold has no relation to its relative value in todays terms, this is very basic economics and not very difficult to understand.
But let me try and break this down as simply as I possibly can:
Imagine hypothetically $10 a year ago is worth $20 today in purchasing power.
If gold costs $10 a year ago and is worth $15 today, then the value of gold has ACTUALLY GONE DOWN, not up. In fact the value of gold has actually DECLINED by 25%.
If gold costs $10 a year ago and is worth $20 today, then the value of gold has STAYED THE SAME. It has not “doubled in value”, it has increased by 0%.
If you track the nominal price of gold it tells you absolutely nothing, you are just creating a chart with an upwards bias to try and distort the maths, this is what all the gold conspiracy theorists do online. In fact this is a very basic tactic which fraudsters online use to trick people who do not have economic knowledge, there are countless examples of this outside of gold sellers, even banks will sometimes try and use nominal prices to trick you.
You have to adjust for purchasing power to see what has actually happened to the value. Does this not make sense to you? I can’t see how I could possibly explain this in a more simple manner. You have not tracked the change in value of something if you track the NOMINAL value, you need to track the adjusted (Or “real”) value.


“Never mind the volatility in between”
I’m not sure what you think you are interpreting from the graph but EVERYTHING is volatility, there is no indisputable upwards movement. The fact that in 1915 it was worth less than now is irrelevant, firstly because you would be dead now, but also because in 2001 it was worth less than 1915…. and in 1980 it was worth more than 2016… and in 1997 it was worth less than 1934 The graph moves up and down in a completely random fashion, the price movements CANNOT be predicted. That by definition means it is not an investment, it is a speculation:
The point is you have NO IDEA WHATSOEVER what the value of gold will be in the future. If you buy in now in 30 years time you may have made a profit, or you may have lost 50% of your investment value. Is this really that difficult for you to understand? There is no certainty compared to fiat, in fact you have LESS certainly than fiat currency.
I’ve never claimed that fiat does not decrease in value due to inflation, nor have I claimed you should keep all your money in fiat. The point i’ve been making is that fiat provides a STABLE store of value, in fact the site you posted shows that there has been relatively stable inflation in the US dollar for HUNDREDS of years. For hundreds of years you have been able to trust the US dollar on a day to day basis to not suddenly fluctuate in value, because the entire reason we have central banks intervening in the market is to provide you with this certainty.
If you want to talk about an actual investment that isn't just a gamble propagated by online charlatans, do what I suggested earlier and take a look at the historical movements of diversified benchmark funds. That is what a solid historical investment (adjusted for purchasing power) which is not a gamble looks like:
You can see the same movement in the first world benchmark indexes for any major economy. This is what INVESTING looks like. You put most of your money in diversified funds, and when you need liquidity you hold fiat and take the cost of inflation in return. Buying gold is a GAMBLE. You may win, you may lose, nobody knows and people like Mike Maloney are spinning lies to take your money. There is nothing special about gold compared to oil or diamonds or any other number is volatile unpredictable things that have existed for thousands of years.






This shows that under the gold standard 6 generations (25 yrs each) altogether only suffered the same inflation as we now under the central bank fiat regime suffer in a couple of years.
The historical inflation rate between 1763 and 1913 has no relation to the gold standard, because the gold standard was introduced in the 1900's and officially ended in 1933:
This is exactly what I have been pointing out the entire time, you are stating things that are not factual.
@_date: 2016-10-06 03:47:41
I got my degree from a G8 Australian Uni and majored in Econometrics and mathematical economics, so I was not indoctrinated by Keynesian economics along the way.
I have some real gripes with Keynesian models, in particular the fact that many of his economic strategies for growing long run GDP are very adverserial on a global level and in the long run dont take in to account the devastation continuous growth is having on the environment (He said himself "In the long run we are all dead").
However Maloney doesnt present valid alternative ideas, just conspiracy theories.
@_date: 2016-10-08 13:11:19
Nope, early adopter here with quite a few hundred coins and if I die they'll never be recovered by anyone.
At least there's no motive to kill me.
@_date: 2016-10-06 04:00:05
If you had diversified in to a hedge fund based broadly on the stockmarket of virtually any first world economy at any point during the last 20-100 years you would be heavily in profit, however if you did the same for gold you would have lost money.
Money loses purchasing power, I'm not arguing that, but at a STABLE rate because of central bank intervention and an inflation target, which is why it is so much more useful than gold. When I hold my Australian dollars I know that inflation will be 2-3% each year and can plan investments accordingly. With gold I am just taking a gamble based on the irrelevant fact that it existed as a commodity 1000 years ago. Central banks dont get everything right, but by and large they are the reason first world countries are not third world countries, primarily because they give you a reliable idea of what will happen with inflation.
Mike Maloney sells a conspiracy that everything is coming to a disaster and you need to buy gold off him to hedge against it. This is charleton economic advice designed to part you from your money. The fact that he sells gold is entirely relevant, everything he says is geared towards promoting the sale of gold by scaring people in to thinking there is a huge impending disaster.
@_date: 2016-10-06 23:31:30
Yes, because I have a degree in economics that implies all kinds of things about my personality.
Have you considered that maybe there isnt some global conspiracy theory going on and economists are just... gasp... people who have studied the economy.
@_date: 2016-10-06 01:15:34
The guy is basically trying to spread economic conspiracy theories to sell gold.
For a basic overview this article raises all the important errors with his statements:
I'd also recommend checking out the 100 year gold price chart.
Sure doesnt look like a more stable alternative to fiat currency.
@_date: 2016-10-06 03:43:31
He claims that gold is money and completely ignores the fact that it doesnt function as a medium of exchange and is not a reliable source of value. Sure inflation kills purchasing power, but in a stable manner with the central bank aiming for a target inflation rate each year, gold fluctuates wildly and thus is not a reliable store of value.
@_date: 2016-10-06 13:08:22
I have an economics degree, let me try and answer some of the issues you are having.


This is misleading, although money is created through expansionary monetary policy which sometimes takes the form of a loan, this is not the primary way money is created in the economy.


This is false. Money to repay the loan is created by commercial banks through the increase in demand deposits caused by the circulation of the money through the banking system. Because banks only have to keep a fractional reserve the loan of $100 can be used to create much more than $100 in demand deposits which can repay the loan.


Irrelevant, the growth rate of the economy is not used to repay loans from the central bank, and has no bearing the ability of commercial banks to repay the central banks. Commercial banks lend using the money from the central bank to create increases in demand deposits which they use to repay the loan, the growth rate of the economy in general has nothing to do with what is occurring during this process.


False, that doesn't make any sense.


They have figured this out, in fact you could have answered all your questions with a simple trip to Wikipedia:
Feel free to hit me up with any other questions you may have!
@_date: 2016-10-06 01:19:27
Why? My training in economics is one of the main reasons im so excited about Bitcoin, because I see it as a potential solution to so many monetary policy issues we face today. Maloney is not an economist, he is trying to sell you conspiracy theories so you buy gold from him
@_date: 2016-10-06 12:47:56
I'm not sure you're understanding what i'm saying.
Have a look at the 100 year price of gold which Maloney implores you to buy:
Notice how it just moves completely randomly. If you buy in at any point, you are just taking a pure gamble. You have no idea what is going to happen. You might as well go to the casino.
Now you can see the exact same thing has happened with silver, contrary to what you seem to believe:
Now lets consider something based in the fiat monetary system which is considered to be one of the safest investments: a diversified low-fee fund which spreads across the stock-market. Your asset value would grow in a safe predictable manner thanks to the continuous money policy interventions of the central bank, as you can see here:
But lets look at the case where you just hold US dollars. Your money will decrease in value each year, but PREDICTABLY because of central bank inflation targeting. No-one is pretending inflation doesn't occur, because inflation is necessary for economic growth, but the predictability of how fast it occurs means your fiat money is useful to hold. You have the highest degree of liquidity possible and in return you take the consistent cost of inflation. If you don't need liquidity and don't want to take the cost of inflation you can easily put your money in a low-fee diversified fund with slow but steady returns like the graph outlined above.


I'm sorry but this isn't just an opinion, this is fact. The worlds gold reserves primarily owned by a bunch of different governments, who all have the ability to manipulate the price at will by controlling supply and demand. There are also a huge number of private holders including owners of gold mines who can also manipulate the price. For more information:


That's factually incorrect as i've pointed out earlier in this post. Gold HAS NOT held it's value in any reliable sense during any lifetime period. Fiat currency from first world economies HAS been a great store of value in modern history. With the exception of Germany's hyperinflation in 1923, how many other *first world* currencies can you name which have collapsed?
Lets look at the definition of a store of value:
A store of value is the function of an asset that can be saved, retrieved and exchanged at a later time, and be predictably useful when retrieved.
Notice the "predictably useful" part.
@_date: 2016-10-06 04:09:03
But how has gold provided a fine store of value? At virtually any point in the last 100 years if you invested in it you would have lost money.
It's value is entirely subject to supply and demand, non-government entities with large stockpiles can manipulate the price.
It is not widely accepted as a medium of exchange.
It was around a long time ago, but so were millions of other commodities.
The legitimacy of it can't be easily verified, you need to be an expert to know that someone isn't selling you gold that is a lower carrot than they claim.
You can't easily divide it to actually use it as a currency because it comes as a rock.
In a doomsday scenario there is no guarantee it would be useful either.
Maloney doesn't counter any of these points, he just presents apocolyptic scenario and then points you to places where you can buy gold from him.
@_date: 2016-10-08 22:22:49


You are incorrect, silver HAS NOT kept it's buying power.
I’m not sure how i’m supposed to get you to understand when you can’t even go to google and type in ‘gold silver 100 year historical price’. How can I explain basic economics to you when you can’t even acknowledge publicly available data on historical price?
You are completely wrong about the historical buying power, the historical price of both gold and silver has been just as random and volatile. You’ve just found a website that sells gold which is showing you the NOMINAL price of gold NOT ADJUSTED FOR INFLATION so they can try and make it look like it’s had a better history.
Since you claim that this website isn’t working here are FIVE more websites you can see this on:
The first couple links show the Silver price as well.


That simply isn't true, as I pointed out you can't name a single modern currency that has happened to.
And since you'd like to talk ancient history. The most common breakup of a currency has been from voluntary change to a new currency where no-one lost any buying power. The second most common breakup has been the loss of the currency due to war (Your gold wont save you here when you are dead). The third reason is hyperinflation which can't happen any more because we have a seperation of government and central bank. You don't seem to understand the history you are spouting.


But you are telling me that 1.258 USD is far less than 668. If I took your 1934 example it would be much more extreme because gold was around 20 or 30 bucks an ounce back then.
You've taken these statistics from a site which is only showing nominal price, as I explained above. The site has done that because they are selling gold. You don't seem to be able to ascertain the quality of information you are viewing.




Did you get these incorrect statistics from another Mike Maloney video? If you do a simple Google search you can see that is a completely incorrect and distorted view of history:
The only reason the great depression ended is because we abandoned the gold standard.


That's not how an economics degree at university works. You aren't force-fed anything or required to believe anything to pass. In fact during my economics degree I was taught all the mainstream and non-mainstream competing macroeconomic models, the evidence for each of them, the criticisms of each of them, and then allowed to make up my own mind. To pass an economics degree you need to have a solid understanding of maths and the ability to gather and interpret data, there's no philosophy which is pushed on you during the process.
The problem is that you have been the victim of conspiracy theories from places like Mike Maloney and ZeroHedge which aren't based in fact or history, and try and distort facts to suit an agenda (Typically selling you gold). There are many economic models that completely disagree with each other because of differences of opinion, however the stuff you are stating is non-factual and completely divorced from reality. I've actually gone to quite a comprehensive length to show you relevant sources of everything i've stated, but you seem to be immune to hearing anything that doesn't fit what you've already decided from these Mike Maloney videos. I think it's called confirmation bias:
@_date: 2016-10-06 13:32:18


You can't understand how money creation by the central bank works without understanding how money is created through fractional reserve banking. The two go hand in hand and completely answer the questions you are asking.


What studies? What do you mean by an intermediary? This sentence does not even make any sense.


False, as I answered above. Money is not created by banks out of thin air it is created through the increase in demand deposits from lending. Again, read the Wikipedia article.


The system conforms to perfect sense, and the "extra layers of complexity" are just me addressing your lack of understanding.
Seriously man, just read the Wikipedia article on money creation, it explains every question you raised in your post:
@_date: 2016-10-05 12:56:55
As someone with an economics degree watching this guys videos makes me seeth with anger.
Virtually everything he says about money and economics is completely fabricated with no bearing on reality. He is a total fraud and charletan who makes his living preying on the gullible and those without a basic understanding of economics.
@_date: 2016-10-08 13:39:51
The banks and the fed are not loan creators together. The fed is not making loans to take profit, their only goal is to change liquidity in the overnight market because this has a flow-on effect on the cash rate and thus inflation. Expansion and contraction of the money supply is just one of many tools which they have at their disposal. It's not like they lend a bank $100 and then wait for $103, there is a constant process of bringing money in and out of the system depending on their liquidity targets for the day. The ONLY goal of this process is to control the liquidity of the commercial banks to stabilise the purchasing power of our currency.
The creation of money in the wider economy through demand deposit increase is a completely seperate type of mechanism with no relation to what the central bank is doing. This is the money creation that actually 
The OP has a very basic misunderstanding about how money creation works and how the central bank functions in the economy. You can look at any wikipedia article on monetary policy or money creation to see where his mistake lies.
@_date: 2016-10-08 14:05:58
One word of caution, everyone here is excited about Bitcoin, but this is your retirement money, if things don't work out in 30 years time you don't want to be living a crappy old age because you took a gamble. Please don't take on more exposure than you can afford to lose if worse comes to worse!
@_date: 2016-05-25 13:50:20
Poker/Blackjack with zero fees? It's a nice idea but without any profit how do you provide the platform?
@_date: 2016-10-06 13:50:45
Yet again you are completely incorrect:
Read the definition of intermediary and notice how it includes banks, the link you posted juat states that banks are not ONLY intermediaries.
It feels like i'm debating with a brick wall here.
@_date: 2016-05-04 14:05:39
I was walking around Ireland on a holiday when I became thirsty but all I had in my wallet was a couple of 500 EUR notes.
I walked into a petrol station and attempted to buy a bottle of water, but the manager summoned all the staff members into the room and they all just held up the note in awe, examining it carefully and exclaiming how they had never seen it before, before handing it back to me.
I tried another shop and was refused, and then another, and another. I grew rapidly dehydrated as shop after shop refused to accept this bloody note.
Eventually I found a high-class hotel and was able to walk in and have the note changed at reception while trying to pretend like I was staying there.
Moral of the story those 500 EUR notes are virtually useless already for most peoples purposes.
@_date: 2016-10-08 13:26:20


You definitely didn't do any research then. As I pointed out gold is nothing but a speculative gamble that moves randomly in value, you have no way of knowing what will happen to your purchasing power unlike fiat which depreciates predictably with inflation or a monetary diversified investment which beats inflation and slowly increases in value each year.
The link works fine, this is the 100 year historical price of gold:


Completely irrelevant, the price of gold has wildly fluctuated in value compared to all those currencies.


The point is that by keeping the gold coins he would be taking a pure gamble on what his purchasing power would be. If he brought gold in 1980 he would still have lost purchasing power now. If he brought gold in 1934 and lived for another 60 years he would have never seen a cent of profit. That's what you call a crap investment.
No-one is pretending fiat goes up in value (We don't want it to because that's extremely bad for the economy). The point is it's stable, predictable, liquid and can be easily exchanged for safe investments on the money market that DO beat inflation.


Simply because it has been, you haven't been able to name a first world economy in modern history that has had a sudden collapse of purchasing power. The last example was 1923 which was completely the fault of the lack of seperation between government and central bank in Germany.
When you hold US dollars, in a years time you can buy roughly the same amount of stuff with it, this has virtually always been the case, the reason we have a central bank is to provide you with this certainty to promote economic activity. With gold, you have no guarantee, you are gambling. We abandoned the gold standard because IT DID NOT WORK.


I'm explaining basic economics to you, this is literally first year, first semester, first class type stuff at any university, this is not complicated.
@_date: 2016-10-06 01:17:18
Good thing I dont have an ecenimic degree
@_date: 2016-10-06 01:16:26
If you think someone who cant even correctly define money is fantastic then I find it hard to believe you actually have an economics degree
@_date: 2016-10-06 01:13:35
He says too muxh crap to go over everything but here is a basic overview:
@_date: 2016-10-08 13:47:54
This is somewhat how banks work and a bit easier to understand in this context.
Say you deposit $100 at the bank and they lend out $90 and keep $10 because the government has a 10% bank reserve requirement.
That $90 gets deposited in someone else's bank account so there is now $190 in bank accounts in the economy. So $90 of new money has actually been created.
Now this new bank lends out $81 and keeps $9, and so on and so on, and each step of the way the total amount of money in the economy is increasing.
This happens continuously but to prevent excess inflation and stop a potential bank run where they go insolvent we control the amount of reserves the banks must hold (The laws are called the Basel III accords).
What you're describing is a similar process of credit expansion which allows the economy to grow beyond the immediate ability of business' to repay. This isn't directly creating new money unless it stimulates an increase in the amount of demand deposits being held at banks (which could occur indirectly through what you are describing).
I'm not aware of any specific economic measurements for this though, it seems like it would be a very difficult thing to quantify data on!
@_date: 2016-05-03 13:38:38
Andreasma mate you are a deadset legend, you couldn't have possibly taken a more respectable stance on the issue.
@_date: 2016-05-03 13:45:46
Please accept this upvote, it takes a person of honor to admit a mistake.
@_date: 2016-10-06 23:27:55
It does change everything. It completely destroys the argument OP is trying to make.
Firstly, increase in demand deposits is more than enough to repay any loans banks take from the central bank.
Secondly, this is not the primary way new money enters the economy, this is just one of many ways.
The primary way money enters the economy is the central bank creating it and then using it to purchase assets from regular banks. NOTE: THIS IS NOT A LOAN THAT NEEDS TO BE REPAID, therefore it doesnt create any kind of mathematical problem like the OP is trying to describe.
The mathematical problem the OP (And you) are trying to raise does not exist, I explained why, and pointed to a well-sourced Wikipedia page that expains exactly why as well.
Not aure what else I can do.
@_date: 2016-05-12 14:40:35
From a TA/FA perspective, there's no particular  reason this would signal a time to buy or sell.
In several years of trading bitcoin the only news related signals I've found reliable is price drops after particularly negative press. Apart from the paypal announcement a while ago I've never seen positive press on Bitcoin create much upwards pressure.
@_date: 2016-05-14 15:18:41
I listened to that guys speech in person in Hong Kong when he was seeking funding for his new exchange.
He seemed like a genuine nice guy, very scary to see him lose so much money especially as he was so technically savy.
@_date: 2016-10-08 14:16:19


Savings in fiat are also 100% guaranteed by your government up to $250,000 even if your bank goes insolvent (Assuming you live in the first world).
You also have a central bank working tirelessly each day to ensure that the purchasing power of your fiat money is stable, and in return you pay the cost of inflation. Sure it's not that great that it doesn't go up in value but you are getting something valuable out of the system in return.
Not dismissing the merits of Bitcoin, but regular money also has it's upsides
@_date: 2016-05-06 14:25:59
Australia and the UK authorities are very close friends. If the Australian government wants him the UK will arrest him in a second and he wont have the slightest chance of fighting extradition. 
The UK is possibly the worlds worst place for an Australian criminal to flee.
@_date: 2016-05-04 23:30:16
I did it for about 11 months last year while travelling Europe, trying to use only Bitcoin services if possible. It was fun and I had alot of great conversations, but for many things I did have to pay various conversion fees.