@_author: postanasca
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:15:47
Auditing firms are private.
We might get called in because you want a loan and they require it.  Or, maybe you want to go public and shareholders demand it.
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:11:53


Banks currently have no problem getting Reserves to match lending.
If I lend you a million dollars, you are going to give that million dollars to some other person, who puts it in a bank.
Now the system has an extra million dollars available for my reserves.   
I just borrow enough to meet my reserve requirement and I make sure the interest rate I charge you is higher than the rate it takes me to borrow back the money I gave you.
This is how modern banks work, and how they always have enough Reserves to match lending.
@_date: 2015-01-21 20:36:24


I'm not even sure that's true.  I mean, banks had no problem meeting Reserve requirements when the Fed was experimenting with ratios.  Eventually, they gave up trying to manipulate these requirements and focused on short-term rates.
If I want to lend you Bitcoins, I will.  If I want to show a 100% Reserve Ratio, I'll just borrow some $$ and buy new Bitcoins to replace them - I'll package and use your loan as collateral.
As long as I charge you higher rates more than I pay, I win.  I can do this by lending riskier / long-term, and borrowing at safer short-term rates.  Since this is what banks do anyway, it's not a problem.
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:42:29
They say right on their website the money held in you account goes to a FDIC insured bank.
@_date: 2015-01-21 22:58:26


The market seems to place higher value on the companies than Bitcoin itself.
This isn't unreasonable.  The companies could earn more than Bitcoin, especially if they start operating as financial institutions.
Perhaps people will buy and sell Bitcoin-priced assets through their "Coinbase" accounts.  This would increase the supply of Coinbase-accounts, while reducing demand for Bitcoin itself.  Instead of holding Bitcoin, you hold an interest-paying account on Coinbase.
If I buy something from a retailer, Coinbase gets me a Bitcoin from the market and gives it to the retailer.  The price doesn't increase because the Bitcoin quickly goes back to the market when the retailer deposits / sells the Bitcoin they received.  Since Coinbase works directly with retailers, it can even skip this temporary step and just hold an account valued in Bitcoins for the consumer and retailer.
Cash works the same way.  I buy and sell from my bank account, but the cash in the system only exists for an instant.  When times are good, money grows but the demand for cash is stable or even declines.
@_date: 2015-01-21 18:43:01


That's fine, but private businesses don't like to disclose everything they are doing to their competitors.  Since most of our job is to identify weaknesses and control vulnerabilities, they certainly don't want the public seeing this.
Transactions are already encrypted.  Larger firms use exotic technologies like quantum key distribution.
I certainly hope 99% of my job will one day be automated, but things like IFRD real-time tracking are already standard and just mean we get more things to measure and test.
When I check inventory, warehouses are often completely automated.  I may need to do random sample testing, but the software guys have to check the machines and we have to make sure records match and can be rolled back to opening balances, after adjusting for intermediate transactions and thresholds.
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:49:50


That's what intermediaries are for.  They take long-term deposits and distribute them out so they have an average stream of outflows.
Say, on average, you have 1-year loans paying 10%.  Every day, some are being paid back and you collect your fraction of a percent.  You then collect new funds being deposited and issue new loans to replace those paid.
Since you are lending at 1-year rates and deposit banks are lending at overnight rates, the intermediary collects a little profit and provides the liquidity for the banks you deposit with.
The bank you deposit with is dealing with 1-day risk although it is funding 1-year risk-loans.
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:13:27
As I understand, it's a form of encryption used to perform operations without exposing the underlying data.  I've heard it described before... maybe once it was on Security Now, and I've run across it in speculation about irreversible computing.
But it's not really relevant.  We have security specialists who verify your cryptographic implementations.
The reason you get an Audit is so we can verify the underlying data itself matches stated business cases.  Businesses do not reveal this to competitors or potential threat vectors.
We need to know who the customers are and if they are legitimate consumers / suppliers, not some shell operation.  No company is going to expose their encrypted transactions and even if they did, it cannot tell you the intent of the underlying data.
Maybe you are using company funds to go on exotic "work conference" vacations.  Maybe you're over-paying for inter-company transfers to hide losses.  Maybe you're depreciating intangibles at an accelerated rate to reduce income taxes.
If you want high reserves to cover risky loans, you might just leverage your outstanding loans and borrow money based on those returns, then buy "safe" Reserves to meet your ratios.  You might even acquire companies to hide the fact that you are doing this.
@_date: 2015-01-21 17:00:01
Right.  That FDIC insurance has to be paid through reserve lending on those accounts.
I'm not sure you are getting my point.  Very few businesses operate as banks.  But virtually all of them hold their liquid assets in interest-bearing funds that are invested by someone else.
@_date: 2015-01-21 23:12:05


I'd rather own the bank than the cash.
@_date: 2015-01-21 18:02:11


This is the part I disagreed with, and I think it is very relevant.
I'm actually a public auditor for one of the Big Four, but this doesn't sound right at all.  Sure, there are financial institutions which are restricted from investing funds, but these restrictions are not held to everyone else.
The vast majority of businesses hold client accounts as liabilities, and they just maintain assets liquid enough to meet operations.  The rest will be held in interest-bearing accounts and financial instruments.
This is especially true of businesses with large capital assets.
Obviously, they are private and are not subject to public audit requirements, but if they state US funds are held in FDIC insurable accounts, then I know they are at least operating normally with those funds.
I find it odd to just assume they would "lock" the Bitcoin "custodial accounts" and not touch them... but the US dollar accounts are held with a standard depository institution.
Why would the Bitcoin accounts be regulated more heavily than the US Dollar accounts?  Why wouldn't they just buy and sell Bitcoins on the market as needed or utilize hedging to offset risk?
Originally, I just assumed they wouldn't hold your Bitcoin, so the "custodial accounts" are just cash accounts.  But if they hold your Bitcoin, then they must be held as liabilities.
@_date: 2015-01-21 18:48:06
I didn't ignore any of your comment.  We already test far better technology than you described.
@_date: 2015-01-21 15:04:33
Even if you could sustain deflation in Bitcoin, I suspect there would still be people who want interest on top of that deflation.
And then you'd have intermediaries who want to bundle those interest-earning loans to reduce risk exposure.
And those intermediaries would probably want to treat their Bitcoin-interest-bearing securities as reserves.
When someone makes a transaction, the intermediary will just buy some Bitcoin on the market, give it to the merchant, and then the merchant will transfer it back into an interest-earning account.
The intermediary will thus sell the Bitcoin and hold those distributed interest-earning securities instead.
@_date: 2015-01-21 18:23:13
I work for one of the big auditing firms.  We go through your records and confirm accounts with banks, check your inventory and controls, verify your records match what you claim, and then perform qualitative checks to let lenders / investors know the value of your assets and the health of the company.
None of this information is normally available to outside parties.  Businesses don't like someone going through their internal data unless it's required.
Without an audit, it's very easy for a company to make their reserves match lending.  They can always just borrow enough funds to match outstanding liabilities... after all, those liabilities are balanced by an asset account representing future inflows.
@_date: 2015-01-21 17:23:36
I did not understand that Coinbase also holds your Bitcoins.  That seems oddly redundant for Bitcoin.
They simply looked to be an exchange where client funds are held in cash accounts.  Since these accounts are the primary source of "custodial funds", interest on these accounts would likely be their primary source of revenues.
Their primary business seems to be allowing other banks to invest the cash accounts.  When you want your money out, you buy Bitcoins and keep the wallet.
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:15:13


The Bitcoin notes pay interest.
@_date: 2015-01-21 20:46:52


They could still be lending at risky rates and you wouldn't know until the bad debts came due.  Suddenly their reserves evaporate and you have no way of collecting your money.
@_date: 2015-01-21 15:54:52
At least in modern finance, I don't think many banks directly lend their reserves.
A bank that accepts deposits makes Bitcoins available to banks that specialize in lending.  You then have intermediaries to distribute these into funds so there is enough liquidity constantly going in and out.
In normal times, the bank you deposit with can presumably get all of their money back at any minute - they may only be lending at overnight rates into these consolidated funds.
As lending banks start lending out Bitcoins, the borrower is almost certainly going to sell their Bitcoins back into the system.  They either give it to some merchant who hands it back to a Deposit-Bank, or they sell the Bitcoin on the market for $$.
Either way, these Bitcoins quickly go back into the supply of Bitcoins available for lending.  There's no need to "freeze" Bitcoins in some locked account if there is an outstanding loan - and I doubt institutions would want to do this if they didn't have to.
@_date: 2015-01-21 19:28:47
Banks and businesses like to make transactions in a fraction of a second.
But as I told the other person, these transactions are already digitally-signed.  If I'm a bank looking to settle up with a clearing-house, we are going to use our own private, direct encryption.  It will certainly be signed and leave an audit trail that can be proven by both firms.
Aside from polluting the data and slower speeds, firms don't usually like to make their transactions public.
@_date: 2015-01-21 16:29:43
I'm sure Coinbase is great, but it's still fractional reserve lending.
You give them $$$ and they give it to a FDIC bank.  They then collect interest on current deposits, and can take back the money whenever you need it.
Of course, you need to have a system like this if you want to be insured.  Unless you charge depositors "rent", you need to give deposits to someone who can earn interest.