@_author: potatopotato235
@_date: 2018-05-11 05:23:50
I always forget that people still use debit cards rather than credit. Anyways, there's no way some major banks aren't offering a free checking account with a trivial requirement like a minimum balance or direct deposit. The only time I've had to pay a monthly $5 fee was when I was between jobs and the monthly fee kicked in.
@_date: 2018-05-16 00:14:47
I know it's mostly a meme by now, but it's pretty crazy to me that people would waste that much money on an expensive car seeing as they're such an extremely poor use of money. All it does is make you a target. I wouldn't even consider wasting that much money until my net worth was approaching the 9 digits.
@_date: 2018-04-16 21:30:11
Whether or not they're rights or are "evil" is irrelevant. Those are issues that virtually all wealthy societies have collectively decided they want to solve together. There's lots of data showing that it's more cost efficient to do it that way. 
Public education in some countries like the US is certainly influenced by nefarious special interests, but that's entirely due to the implementation, not the model.
@_date: 2018-04-16 18:38:57
How would you be able to enforce boycotting people who don't pay a fair share though? Will you just not provide emergency health care or policing for those that can't afford it? What about defense, will you let poor cities like Flint get taken over by foreign nations if they don't pay up?
Also, everything benefits everyone in the end. You may never have kids or even go to school, but public education helps the nation as a whole be more educated, which helps nearly every aspect of life for everyone. You may never get sick or need emergency assistance, but maybe your friend or his family will. You may not use roads, but the delivery company that delivers your packages does and that keeps your prices low. You don't have to use public services for them to benefit you.
@_date: 2018-04-16 15:55:41
I agree that rights should not be voted away. However, the property is not being voted away, it's being converted into goods and services. Generally these should be those that you would greatly benefit from and want or need, but wouldn't be able to afford otherwise. Kind of like a Kickstarter, except any profits would benefit you.
If you don't like the goods and services you're receiving, that's a problem with the politicians and the exchanges they're making, not the system of taxes itself.
EDIT: In other words, taxes are not the problem, it's the corrupt system and its politicians. Taxes have produced amazing results all over the world so I think their value should not be discarded.
@_date: 2018-04-16 15:06:49
It's not theft if the politicians you elected to represent your consent decided that it was something you agreed to fund for the well being of the &lt;city, county, state, country&gt;. It'd be theft if they misused those funds (which some, likely most, do), but even that is not something that not paying taxes would solve.
If you personally don't take political action, you cannot complain. And maybe you do, but tax avoidance is not the solution. Whatever wars or goals you don't want to support, WILL get first priority for funding, they'll just take it out of the education budget if you don't pay.
@_date: 2018-04-16 16:47:52
I'm not evading. Taxation isn't a law, it's simply a requirement of government. How would you propose that a country fund the public programs that the people wanted to fund? Obviously it can't be through opting in, since then people like you would just take advantage of the benefits without contributing. 
What exactly are you promoting here? No public programs? Leave it up to the the individual to look out for themself? A government is one of the systems that the public chose to pay for and it can't exist without taxes, so maybe anarchy? As soon as a people decide to create a government, they agree to pay taxes to fund that government, no?