@_author: potatoyogurt
@_date: 2014-03-06 02:18:51
Even worse, something like 50% of the coins would lie in the hands of actual criminals... wannabe druglords who made money from Silk Road or scammers/hackers who stole huge amounts of coins from other people. That is not a world I want.
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:52:49


no real evidence of that. Instead, lack of any monetary controls could easily make recessions even worse. Which isn't to say that there aren't some issues with inflation as well, but the overwhelming consensus among economists is that mild inflation is pretty okay, and deflation is much more dangerous.


Investments are not an all or nothing thing. Yes, at 2% deflation, people would still put money into higher-return, higher-risk investments. But a large portion of money that was actually being invested would now be hoarded instead. And deflation in a bitcoin-based economy could easily be much higher than 2%.
@_date: 2014-06-04 15:16:59
If you're conflating bankers with economists, then you don't know what either group does. And economics requires plenty of mathematics at the higher levels: by second year of undergraduate, you'll need to know basic calculus (the real way, not with spreadsheets). Financial mathematics is also quite complex once you get into Black-Scholes, stochastic calculus, etc., but most ordinary bankers probably don't need to understand these models. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:02:51
yes, if you hoard cash. Which is intended. That's why you invest your money instead into (ideally) productive enterprises, which allows people to be employed, make new things, etc. That's the entire point of having mild inflation.
@_date: 2014-06-05 23:04:16
It's not me either, I swear!
@_date: 2014-06-20 18:55:03
I believe second market is restricted to only accredited investors, and their offerings generally cannot legally be marketed to or purchased by non-accredited investors. They're probably saying that the document may not be distributed so that they can justifiably claim that they're not marketing this offering to non-accredited investors, not because they care if anyone sees it.
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:26:11
Obviously, people will still spend some amount of money in any amount of deflation. But the danger is that when they have more money sitting around that they don't have a pressing need / strong desire to spend right away, they will simply hoard cash instead of investing it into a productive enterprise. And there is a real risk of that happening even at 2% inflation. Not to mention the rates of deflation that bitcoin could potentially offer.
@_date: 2014-04-14 03:03:33
A hedge fund which has absolutely no hedging, no sophisticated investment strategies, no expertise that you're getting access to, no innovative (or even existent) strategies, and no advantage over just buying and holding yourself. A real hedge fund may justify its expenses. How does BIT justify them?
@_date: 2014-06-08 03:04:04
Not entirely true. There are some things that you can only invest in if you are an accredited investor (which requires either a million dollars net worth or at least $200k income for two years).
@_date: 2014-06-08 17:39:20
I'm not really an expert on financial laws/regulations, so I can't cite specific regulations, but the document you linked to itself says that 


and 


brokerage statements, credit reports and the like. ... If you do not provide all of the requested information, you should not be able to invest
in the particular offering if the company or private fund is unable to verify that you are an accredited investor. 
I was personally forced out of a really profitable risky investment because it restructured and could only allow investment from accredited investors. You might be right about stuff like equity, but I'm pretty sure you're barred from certain hedge funds if you don't satisfy the requirements for being an accredited investor.
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:42:31
so instead (in an imaginary world where bitcoin is a primary currency) we have the wealthy hoarding it in bitcoin where it sits in one place and does nothing. Big improvement. Bitcoin vs. non-Bitcoin has no effect on whether the rich are rich. In fact, ignoring external factors such as potentially trashing the economy, deflation is probably better for the rich than inflation since it provides a very low-risk environment for their wealth to increase. Balanced investment portfolios typically contain a certain amount of cash anyway, so now that cash will appreciate in addition to its other benefits. Deflation certainly does not benefit the poor who don't have any appreciable amount of cash on hand anyway. Maybe they can buy an extra stick of gum with the money in their pocket if they wait around for a few months.
@_date: 2014-06-08 18:14:17
Yeah, that's correct as far as I know. In the case I mentioned, I was forced out because too many new investors were joining. I'm not super upset about it because I don't think it's something I'd want to have more than a small amount of money in now, but it was kind of annoying at the time. I'd much rather make my own choices about what I can and can't invest in, even if I run the risk of getting fleeced. 


I think it's good to have some investor protections that put barriers in front of risky and/or sketchy investments, but I have a big problem with the investor accreditation being entirely based on income or net worth. I don't think that wealth is a very good proxy for investor sophistication -- high income/net worth individuals get ripped off or make dumb investments all the time, and Madoff is a good example of that. It's also a far from perfect indication of how well someone is able to tolerate risk. As a relatively high-income 24-year-old, I could easily go 200k in debt and still climb out without having to declare bankruptcy (not that I'd want to). I'm happy to take on risk as long as I think it will get me a reasonably better average rate of return. Someone who is 60 years old and just about to retire is in a very different situation, even if he or she makes $200k a year. 
I'd much rather have investor accreditation be based on some more direct measure of investor sophistication, or at least have some alternate pathway for people who understand what risks they are able to take and can demonstrate it. I also think it's potentially really discriminatory to bar investments from people who are below a certain income. Obviously some investments open only to accredited investors are very worthwhile (although many are not, and it's hard to know which ones are in advance), and I think there's a risk that these sort of regulations can limit class mobility to some extent by restricting certain profitable investments only to the already wealthy.


I don't know about the junk bond market, but I'd be interested to learn the answer. I don't work in the financial services industry and I don't have a huge amount of knowledge about how things are regulated, but I find it really interesting. Maybe I'll see if my one of Wall Street friends knows next time I see them.