@_author: potatotomatos
@_date: 2013-11-14 13:55:21
Hey abdada. :)
So, I'm not going to try and prove that you're angry, as that's just not going to work.  And because I feel I might just be along the same lines as you, in feeling people reap what they sow.  Not in an angry way, but rather in, your choices have brought these results to you. 
I live in South Africa and am not sure what your knowledge of our country is?  Most know South Africa for our recent past of Apartheid and it's inequalities etc.  As a result of our past the current government has placed different laws into place to promote growth within the black community (which includes, Colored, Indian and Chinese people).  These laws and regulations fall under Affirmative Action and BEE (Black Economic Empowerment), where companies get points according to how many black people they have in management positions.  This is done by private and most definitely public companies as you require certain requirements or you cannot apply for tenders that they Government is advertising.  If you do not have to apply for tenders you will still come under scrutiny for not having enough black representation.  These policies are having the effect that many positions are being filled with black representation, even if they do not meet the requirements of the particular job.  And as a result there are many instances of falling productively.  Not to mention that inequality has not decreased, but has rather allowed few black business men to take advantage of the opportunity leaving the majority, who these policies are meant to help, still in poverty.  
Now here is an article that I feel you can relate to in a certain respect, as I feel this is where I connect with you.  The article and quoted text is about an airline company that is being formed in South Africa.  The company is called Skywise, and is being formed by a group of business men who, in the past founded another airline called 1Time.  1Time however had a BEE (Black Economic Empowerment) partner who, started to decide on alternative strategies, for one, not improving their fleet to decrease fuel consumption.  Over time, the founding members of 1Time decided to pull themselves out of 1Time as they were unable to run the company as it should be run, as a business.  The result was that, two years after all the founding members left the company the firm, under it's BEE management went bankrupt, after making public announcements days before saying the company was sound.  It is for reasons like this that I feel people reap what they sow, and is a prime example of it.  It is also good to know that certain black business people and unions have a large sway here in South Africa.
"5 December 2012. Ex 1time employees march to protest the possible granting of an airline operating license to 1time founders: "This, in turn, will put more employees at risk as well as the tens of thousands of people who would invest in their company as it would be listed on the stock exchange. We request that the parties that founded 1time Airline not be granted a licence as they have failed dismally to successfully run 1time Airline and have displayed a blatant disregard for the public who trusted in their product, as well as the employees who were all very heavily invested in the airline." In response Mr. Rodney James said: "We are extremely saddened by the demise of 1time and the subsequent loss of jobs. The unsubstantiated allegations made by so called staff is nothing more than an effort by Mtha Aviation, part of 1time’s controlling BEE shareholder, to rally support from a handful of former employees to publicly discredit the founders.  We started 1time eight years ago and safely carried 10-million passengers, introducing true low-cost airfares into the domestic market, were the fastest growing airline and won the most awards for service excellence. Against difficult odds we built up a billion-rand-a-year company and earned profits in six of the seven years we ran the group. Most importantly, we created 1200 direct jobs and probably a similar number of indirect jobs. We are extremely proud of our record during our time at 1time. It is interesting to note that the founding members lost both shareholder and board control more than two years ago and were subsequently purged from the executive team by the controlling BEE shareholder, due to disagreements with strategy and certain corporate governance issues, leaving no airline experience whatsoever on the 1time board.We are extremely excited, however, to announce that we expect Skywise, our new and exciting low-cost airline, to be issued its air service license shortly. We plan to launch in the first quarter of 2013 and look forward to creating much needed jobs and providing strong competition, growing the air travel market."
@_date: 2013-12-23 13:11:06
I'm sorry guys, but have you read the comments on the article?  Never in my life have I been so upset with people's narrow views, misinformation, not to mention the very bias views.  Please can some of us get involved with the comments on NY Times?  
@_date: 2013-12-29 19:20:09
Always good to see South African's on Bitcoin Reddit.  Makes me feel like I am at home, in some strange way. :D
And obviously great to see that we're keeping busy with business. :D
@_date: 2013-12-29 19:21:30
That aside, probably wouldn't buy it.  If you guys could, try get some prime property in areas internationals would also know.