@_author: pot-e-mouth
@_date: 2014-10-21 00:13:42
It is absolutely cut and dry.  Don't fall for bullshit.  Either money enters circulation or it does not.   It doesn't matter if it is digital or coin/paper.  The ONLY question is how much is entering circulation. 
It doesn't matter in which way.  Whether it was through the federal reserve buying toxic assets, improving a banks reserve ratio and hence the bank increases lending,etc.  All of that should just be part of determining the quantity entering circulation.  The ONLY question is how many new units enter the economy.
@_date: 2014-10-20 18:38:53
I agree with your premise but people are stupid and want someone to force something on them.  The same thing can be done with dns now.
@_date: 2014-10-20 14:29:03
Blockchain wouldn't route phone calls at all.  Namecoin would be used as an address to ip  mapping.  An Asterisk plugin would have to be made that would query namecoin.  If the plugin would cache all recently looked up names, it would speed up the process.
I see no reason that it couldn't be just as fast as dns.  Also, it would be better if rather than have a plugin, there was a tcp/ip driver/plugin created for universal namecoin lookups for any app.
@_date: 2014-10-21 00:33:35
Also, new units are just as important as percentages.  Folks just want to muddy the issue to give the appearance of fairness in the current model.
Now if you REALLY want to see the corruption, we should be able to follow the loans (as loans are the only way new money is created).  It would be very interesting to see who gets the loans.  I'm not talking about percentages here but actual companies/banks. Percentage info you can find on loan information. This is just a way to hide massive corruption--there's a reason there's a top 1% and it's not based on ability or performance.  When we went off the gold standard and banks started creating money as they chose and loaning mostly to their buds, the gap between the wealthy and the poor was massively increased.
Give me the power to create and loan money and all other conditions being equal, I'm going to loan mostly to my friends and family and make it look totally on the up and up.
Anyhow, bottom line, new units should be posted on the side panel here.  Percentage is just a ratio of new units/total x 100 so the important info is total(roughly known) and new units.
@_date: 2014-10-20 18:42:29
Thanks for the answer.  However, I don't feel using percentages is a fair way to compare them since bitcoin's total units is so small.
It would be best to compare them on new units put into circulation (regardless of definition) in my opinion.  
This should be something everyone should have easy access to see on the sidebar here.
@_date: 2014-10-20 19:17:46
I'm not after value.  I'm after inflation.  DogeCoin does have huge inflation and 42Coin does not.  
It's cut and dry to me.
If we want to have percentages that's fine as well but I just want a comparison of new units created daily.
Also, M1, M2, all of that just muddies the water.  It's like comparing paper wallets put in cold storage vs bitcoins spent.  None of that matters.  The question simply is how many new units are put into circulation by either banks or the Federal Reserve.  It is just cut and dry.
