@_author: potlucker
@_date: 2013-12-24 14:52:50
I think the issue is, you aren't really giving a gift. It would be like giving someone a car, but you don't trust them enough to not scratch it...so you just keep a spare key and can take it back if you don't think they are doing the right thing with it.
I think it is fine if you are saving the key so that if they ever come back and say they want it you can help them, but if the intention is to take the coin back in 5 years if they forgot about it...I don't think you're really "giving" the gift.
@_date: 2013-12-24 15:37:37
That's great. It is all about intention, If the person loses their car and you show up with keys and give them their car back, excellent! A  lot people in this thread are reading the suggestions as 'if the person isn't interested in bitcoin, they may not do anything with it...so then I'll take it back in a few years'. That is the problem. If you see that the person hasn't done anything with the bitcoin in 5 years, and you take the coin back, then write them a check for what it is worth I think you'd be doing a good thing. If you ever take the coin back and keep the value, you're doing a bad thing.
@_date: 2013-12-24 17:27:34
I think we're in agreement with everything except the OPs actual thought...when I see him post that he will take it back because they "didn't appreciate it."...That means hes just gonna grab the coin at some point because they didn't bother to look into it. I think if you give someone a gift, it is gone from you...doesn't matter if the person appreciates it or not. If you are giving someone a gift ..it is theirs to ignore if they want, you don't snatch it back. If you think someone will ignore a bitcoin gift...don't give them bitcoins as a gift...its probably not a good gift for that person. If you do give it, you don't get to take it back if they don't spend it within x, unless you told them that ahead of time.
@_date: 2013-12-05 20:03:56
Which means it is a good thing when coins get lost. Basically, the existing coins get worth more when coins get lost. In the system where the government can print more money, the existing money gets worth less every time they print more.
@_date: 2013-12-24 14:24:47
but it is the recipients coin to lose forever, unless you aren't really giving a gift. 
People act like coins being lost is a bad thing...it isn't. It makes every other coin worth more, if they are truly lost.