@_author: poyr23
@_date: 2017-08-29 22:28:12
So basically these options are very situaltional, and they depend on the country you are living in
@_date: 2017-08-29 21:52:42
Please suggest some of these free sources of electricity
@_date: 2017-08-29 21:51:10
I personally think that cloud mining is as good as regular mining (except the fact that the initial cost is a bit higher)
The amount of BTC you get is pretty much the same as what you would get with the regular miner at home, speaking from a country that would pay about the same fees for electricity as the fees on the cloud mining service, and concidering Genesis Minings's fees, as they are the smallest. If everybody though that buying and holding BTC was the better option, then there would be no more bitcoins circulating, and no transactions would ever be completed, so the people mining have some incentive to mine, don't you think? 
And another thing with the mining at home, you need internet connection 24/7, you need power 24/7, you need to make sure you can cool your miners, you need to make sure if something happens you can fix it, you need to have a spare room, or a place to keep them, as the noice is just a bit too much to handle (concidering more than one miner). On top of that you need to pay alot for electricity (which is about the same as cloud mining, but it is one huge sum at the end of the month rather than a small amount every day), and if you don't have the money to pay it, you would have to pay with the BTC you make from the mier, which means you need to sell your BTC so you can pay your taxes, which can be somewhat annoying to do every month. So in these regards, cloud mining wins in my opinion. 
As to the contract canelation, if your contract ever gets to the point that it won't be profitable, this would as well mean that if you had a miner at home it would still not be profitable (as the power costs are pretty much the same), or close to it, making it not a good investment. So in terms of contract length it will be about the same as what your miner at home would last.
And lastly, you can purchase smaller amounts of hashpower with cloud mining, (not everybody can afford to 1300$ for Antminer (which is very hard to get nowadays), 150$ more for power chords, and 200$ more for shipping) And with cloud mining, you can more easily compound your hashpower and earnings
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:59:17
Edit: I don't know if you've seen the update on Hashflare, but basically they are doubling the price for contracts, and contracts now will only last for 1 year, so I would not suggest investing that amount of money into them (if you haven't already), because it won't really be profitable. I would suggest waiting untill Genesis Mining gets their Sha-256 equippment and purchasing from them.
@_date: 2017-08-30 12:50:34
If you look at USD ROI you would get it. Even if your contract is terminated, in a few years the BTC you mined will be worth more than waht you payed for it. If you are looking at BTC ROT then it depends on the difficulty and price, but with Bitcoin cash being on the market now, it means that alot of miners will go from BTC to BCH, which means the difficulty for BTC will drop (as it did a few days ago). But when it drops the BCH miners will go to BTC, and so on, which means the difficulty will be rising , yes, but not as fast as it used to, because there would be more difficulty drops, because of the switching between the two. And this would go for some time. So the chance you will get your BTC ROI as well is there (this is my opinion, don't take it as advice, you and only you can decide what to do)
In terms of Hashflare being legit, in my opinion it is. The three cloud mining services I would say are legit are Genesis Mining, Hashflare, and Hashing 24. I would suggest Genesis Mining, as their taxes are smaller (0.00028 USD per GH/s, compared to 0.00033 USD per GH/s on Hashing 24 and 0.00035 USD per GH/s on Hashflare). But out of these three, only Hashflare have Sha-256 on stock (for now). So you don your research and make the decision you think is best. I can offer you a Genesis Mining dicount code for 3% off, whith which you would be helping me as well, but I would not do it now as it would be somewhat of "taking advantage" of you, and I am not such a person. If you wan't it, please let me know by commenting or personal messaging me, but for now I would only leave it as some information that is good to know.
Hashflare makes it easier for compounding your earnings (if you would like to do that), but for such amount of TH/s you want to purchase, I would suggest Genesis Mining , and again this is my opinion, I like Hashflare as well, but I like it because of the easier compounding, and you need 15TH/s or more purchase on Genesis in order to get the best deal (anything smaller than that is a bit more expensive per GH/s), and Hashflare have all contracts at the same price per GH/s.
I would suggest writing to support and asking if they have 500TH/s in stock, because you can only buy 100TH/s at a time, and you might be unpleasantly surprised that they could be out of stock. As you said pretty much everything is sold out, so I wouldn't be surprised if they don't have 500TH/s in stock.
And again, this is only my opinion, don't take is as financial advice!
@_date: 2017-07-23 10:43:10
I am sorry to dissapoint, but how can you claim you 'did the math' as you clearly didn't. First of all you have an "upfront fee" if you read the contract you would understand that the "cost of the equipment" and the "upfront fee" is the same thing. So in your calculation you substracted the cost twice, resulting in the huge loss you are describing. Your actual calculation would be -0.021569632 BTC, which is -21.37$ , and you have about 80% ROI. So please before doing the "10 year olds math" make sure you are older than 10 and informed on what is happening. Have you tried it yourself? Or you are claiming your accusations on your terrible math? So please next time, before influancing many people with your false information, educate yourself, and don't make this kind of posts. And second, cloud mining can still be profitable for the people whose power cost is riddiculusly high, and mining at home is not profitable (as you can imagine not everyone is living in US, or UK or whatever). Yes they may charge a bit more of the equippent, but you can still be profitable. And for all the other people, if you see one post like this you would immediately say, "oh yea this is a scam". But if you see 100 posts that say it is legit, then you would still not be sure if it is. It is the same thing, look for other sources of information before making your judgement. And don't believe everything on the internet, especially when the "10 year olds" math is terribly wrong.