@_author: pr0fess0rx29
@_date: 2014-01-17 05:15:13
This is great, it really is.  But I hope you are thinking bigger.  This can be much more than just a decentralized network and services.  
Imagine a youtube or spotify that will pay the content creators in bitcoin (or some other currency, XRP or something).  Who will pay these content creators?  The users, those who view the movies, shows, those who listen to the music.  They will have a mining client installed on their computers and smartphones that mine while they are idle and/or plugged in.  
What will be mined though?  Similar to the "computingforgood.com" project, there are grid projects like, seti fightingcancer 3D rendering, weather modeling, private cloud vps even your meshnet.  
Imagine, Michael Bay needs a render farm to model the robots in his latest movies and is willing to pay a grid of these users' computers to help cut the time for the rendering.  He pays in cash for to use this computing power and by leaving your computer on at home while you go to work, your cpu cycles are used to help Michael Bay make his movie.  When you get home you sign onto GrooveShark/Spotify and listen to your favorite song by Rihanna.  Rihanna's record company receives Bitcoin (or altcurrency) credit from you for listening to her music or a movie studio gets money from you for watching the latest movie.  
The circle is then complete.  The content supplier is happy because he is able to get paid for his content, you are happy because you get to view that content without stealing, the content creator is happy because he can now use this great resource to create content.  
Or perhaps a scientist or laboratory needs to model the formula to finally eliminate cancer.  They pay for the use of the most powerful combined computing grid on the planet.  Imagine finally coming home to your family after finishing your last round of treatment that cures you of cancer having known that your computer was one of many that help solve the original problem.  
This is what I mean by thinking bigger.  This is an idea that has to be the driving force for the future.
@_date: 2014-10-05 18:07:20
This is where my opinion differs from many others. I am like you op. I followed bit coin, really liked it and I was away for a while and am now coming back to check on it again. 
I feel this bear whale believes he has more to lose if bitcoin becomes successful. I don't believe it is something as shortsighted as a short position he has on an exchange. I think this whale is a major bank or fund of funds or backer of a traditional payment system that believes that they would be better off long term if bitcoin losses its steam. 
So they will invest heavily in bitcoin by slowly buying and then pull the rug out by selling in huge sections at a time to shake confidence in this payment system. If they are shorting it then they can even make a little money on the side while executing their plan. Diabolical really.
@_date: 2014-03-14 11:23:12
Wow im really shocked you guys are not on the World Community Grid by IBM.  
Nobody does folding at home anymore because everyone jumped on to IBMs Grid system. It super easy to sign up on   
You computer gets used to find the cure for cancer, map the human genome, etc and you get rewarded in ripple (xrp). 
Dont like XRP? Thats fine, trade it for Bitcoin on the BitStamp exchange. 
Ive been doing the world community grid thing now for about three months. That thing is growing by leaps and bounds.
@_date: 2014-01-17 14:39:55
Sorry TheDamnCosmos, I was half asleep while posting that previous comment, so I was playing fast and loose with the term "mining".  There will not be an increase in difficulty.
This isnt "mining" in the sense that we are generating new bitcoins.  This is "mining" in the sense that while your computer is idle, its resources will be put to work doing "something".  In return for this "something" you will be given a monetary reward in a cryptocurrency.  
This is how the computingforgood.org and WorldCommunityGrid.com systems are set up.  For example, when you download IBM's boinc software onto your computer or android phone, it starts to work on one of the grid's distributed computing projects like the "Mapping Cancer Markers" project.  You are then rewarded in the XRP cryptocurrency for the amount of time your resources helped in this project.  The XRP can then be exchanged for Bitcoin.  That is happening right now.
When you subscribe to Grooveshark, you pay them a certain amount per month.  When you listen to a song on there Grooveshark turns around and pays the artist because you listened to their song.  These are two ecosystems that exist right now.
What I am saying is, why not expand on that.  Create an ecosystem where everyone in this system benefits.  Make it seamless to the end user.  When you get home and listen to a song on grooveshark, grooveshark receives some of the monetary reward your computer has been busy acquiring for you while you were at work.  Grooveshark then turns around and pays the artist for the song they put together.
@_date: 2014-01-22 07:53:16
If I were you I would share with him where I see cryptocurrency heading.  
  
@_date: 2014-03-29 21:17:33
I was wondering this myself. I dont think "well we will all be  dead by then" is the best answer.  
Is it possible that rendering companies, server farms, cloud companies, research organizations, companies that need computing resources can buy from miners and that money can be exchanged for bitcoin thus keeping the blockchain moving?
There will no longer be generated coins in this but perhaps this will keep the incentive to be part of this bitcoin network alive. Even now for miners that think mining is too hard, this might be the answer.
@_date: 2015-11-14 17:32:58
How long would I have to wait after preloading plutus before I can shop?
@_date: 2015-11-14 17:31:03
First I think this is a great idea generally and I look forward to seeing what happens with this. But why not allow people to get bitcoin back after it has been converted to fiat? Maybe I have preloaded plutus with $1000 for groceries and halfway there I remembered I needed some of that money to pay a bill. I would like the option to convert it back to bitcoin even if it is at a slightly lower rate through the exchange.