@_author: pr0zac
@_date: 2011-08-31 09:07:33
Can someone please explain to me the logic behind the "Protection from Theft (taxation)" section? My question actually extends to offshore tax havens also, so its kind of a general question, but reading this article was what set off the thought. Its possible my understanding of tax law is lax in some way, so I'd love if someone could explain the idea a bit better. For simplification, lets assume a stable conversion rate between dollars and bitcoins. I very much understand the speculative side of BC, but its irrelevant to this discussion. I'm also not interested in the privacy and anonymity provided by bitcoin, simply the taxation topic. (Simply with regards to this question, the privacy issue being what brought BC to my attention initially)
If we look at tax laws what is taxed is almost completely transactions, money moving or changing in some way, whether that is income from a job, investment income, purchases, or taxes on an estate. There are some taxes, namely property taxes, that don't fit that model, but I can't think of any that are relevant to my question.
Money that you have sitting in the bank is not subject to any taxes. No part of me worries about the government taking my savings or checking accounts. This was the basis of one of the strongest arguments made against Warren Buffet's recent "tax the rich" editorial. That he was arguing for higher taxes on capital gains because he had already made massive amounts of money that would never be touched and thus he did not stand to lose as much if they were increased and in fact he would do better comparatively because his formidable amounts of wealth would allow him a significant advantage against any up and coming competitors.
From my point of view, keeping the majority of my liquid wealth in dollars keeps it as exactly that, liquid. I have the ability to much more quickly use the capital in a multitude of ways, with zero downsides. Keeping wealth in dollars allows me to make risk free returns through CDs and savings accounts. (Yes I realize these returns are terrible and taxed, but 75% of 1% is infinitely more than 100% of 0%) None of the principal is ever touched by the government. I can more freely use my wealth inside the mainstream economy, whether thats for investment or purchasing purposes. And I still have access to all of the benefits of bitcoin with a negligible time lag with regards to conversion.
So I guess my question is exactly why would I keep my liquid wealth in bitcoin as opposed to dollars. What protection from theft/taxation would doing so protect me from?