@_author: prabhuswamy
@_date: 2013-12-19 23:31:29
Dear CampBX,
There appears to be good news and bad news in this situation. I always prefer trying to see two sides of every situation.
On one hand, here is the bad news (people usually like the bad news first): On November 23, 2013 I sent you a money order from post office XXXXXXX. Clerk 0002 charged me. I paid with a debit card. I'm sure there is video camera footage of me walking into the post office. Me buying the money order. And then me standing there and filling out my precious little missive to CampBX (woo! Alpharetta, GA!). This is all to say, I have LOTS of evidence that I sent in $1000 on November 23. I can show on my debit card where I was charged $1001.60 for the MO (WHOOPS $1002.06, I forgot I paid for the MO AND bought a stamp. Good thing I caught that or my court case would have been sunk). I even had a nice little chat with the postal lady. It'd be really fun to roll down there, have a little chat with my friend the postmaster, get that camera footage and relive the good times she and I had together. I hope she had a nice Thanksgiving.
The point is this: I sent you One. Thousand. Damn. Dollars.
I have not touched my account since. Also, I have two factor verification so no one can hack it (unless I have multiple personalities and stole it from myself? Always a possibility). Also I don't use this phone for anything else, I don't take it anywhere. I am really fond of security.
Instead, right now I have a grand old $667.11 in my account. Now I'm no math genius PhD rocket scientist account, but I'm pretty sure $1000 does not equal $667.11.
Here's the good news: There is no fucking chance in hell this was a mistake (Yes! This might actually be good news for you and the future of your company!.... or it's really good news for another US based exchange that can prove they are trustworthy). Back to the fact that it was a mistake- not a damn chance. I know for a fact someone in your company intentionally stole money from me (until you put it in my account, this pretty well counts as STOLEN money via WIRE FRAUD). Or your company itself intentionally tried to steal money from me (yeah that probably would be bad news actually, sorry to mislead you there).
The catch is, was it someone in charge or some idiot minion?
If it was someone in charge- I am going to completely and utterly destroy you and your entire company. I couldn't give a shit about $300. I know plenty of lawyers that live in Atlanta. Some in the Alpharetta area. I know auditors who work for the state of Georgia. You have fucked with the wrong person. I could probably think of a half dozen people that would enjoy adding a little notch to their belt by destroying a scumbag, thieving financial organization.
I'm going to give you 24 hours to put the money back in my account. If I do not have $1000 even in the account 24 hours from this minute, I will instigate proceedings that will end with you finding out what "Mail and Wire Fraud" means. Here's a hint asshole: 
On the other hand, maybe it was some dumbass who thought they could get away with it. Maybe you have your idiot cousin depositing money for you. Here's a hint: if you're going to handle money like this only hire people who are completely and utterly trustworthy. This is some free advice. Well, it's not entirely free, since you have to give me my $322.89 back.
Now here's the good news: In about 5 minutes I am going to post this on reddit.
You have two options for how to handle this after it goes public on reddit:
Behind Door Number 1: Go to jail and be publicly crucified in the digital currency community. Also, I once heard bad things happen to people in jail.... not sure if that's true or not. The good news is since BTC can travel anywhere electronically, you could probably spend that $300 you stole from me in jail via BTC.
Behind Door Number 2. Find the rat bastard asshole who stole from me, turn them over to the authorities, and survive (in fact, if you make it clear that you won't tolerate miserable, lowlife behavior like this, you might even EARN some credibility as it seems like there are lots of people who don't trust you at all....)
This is free advice, but I think option 2 is the better choice.
Yours truly,
P.S. If you fix this for me, I will continue to be a happy customer for as long as you don't let anyone try to steal my money again.
P.P.S. As a service to the good people of reddit, anyone else who has had money stolen from them by CampBX (and has adequate proof of it), feel free to chime in on this thread and add your demands (let's not be greedy here, only chime in if you have actually had money stolen. Thieving doesn't work very well if you're trying to steal from each other, guys). If I feel like CampBX isn't doing a good job to reasonably satisfy the good people of reddit, I'll push the big red button on this wire fraud case and see what happens. (I'm going to guess something explodes. I bet some awesome redditor can put together a pretty sweet gif just for us here in this thread)
I'll be checking back in on this reddit post to make sure CampBX is making reasonable efforts to get things straightened out.
@_date: 2013-12-19 23:12:02
CampBX are fraudsters. please dont trsut them. they stole my money and no response on calls. really horrible and disgusting!!