@_author: prageruclass2024
@_date: 2018-12-28 06:27:28
Ideally minimum wage would follow inflation, but it does not. Pegging the 3.35 per hour to inflation would work better. 1981 minimum wage ends up being $9.29  using the Usa inflation calculator website. 
Cars are also a bad good for this example because of all the safety and technological features added since 1981 in the standard car. Regardless, it would take 2,739.4 hours to buy a car today. 
So that's an extra two weeks of labor (79.7) for all the improvements in safety, efficiency, and technology of today's cars relative to yesterday's cars. All of those advances are definitely worth more than the approximate 2% increase in price. Cars actually have been decreasing in cost because of advances in manufacturing and economies of scale. 
Inflation encourages investment because saving cash is literally losing money. Investment is a huge part in a growing economy. Bitcoin is great, not suffering from inflation sounds awesome. But  inflation keeps the factories open and the economy alive. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 23:20:13
Since minimum wage is set by lawmakers and not by any real number lets switch the argument to average household income, which will hopefully make the argument clearer.   
Here is my source for [income](
Here is the source I assume you used for [Cars]( because it has the same numbers. It doesn't really matter for the argument but this site has your cost of a car for 2018 as the price for 2016. So I'm also going to use the 2016 wage number. 




















Lots of this decreased cost is improvements in capital. That capital is because people invest their money, so they don't lose it to inflation. Wages are not growing fast enough and are a huge issue so I do not think it is fair to accredit that to rising wages. 
The only way inflation hurts you is you don't invest or spend your money. The economy suffers every time someone doesn't spend or invest their money. If even the Bitcoin subreddit is calling your argument impractical and fringe, maybe you should read more on the topic. I would recommend the YouTube Channels Crash Course Economics and ACDC Economics. Those channels got me into the subject before I started my undergraduate studies in Economics and Finance. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 06:29:55
I would also like to note that there are flaws in this approach. Wages have not risen with inflation. That sucks. But inflation is not to blame. As long as the economy is growing, inflation will and should  happen. It is necessary. Because universally, everyone can agree that a dollar, or a car, or a candy bar today, is worth more to you now than one next year. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 23:05:08
When money is your bank account or under your mattress, it is safe for you, but doesn't help anyone else. When you invest that money, you get a reward for lending it to someone else. That someone else, can grow their company. It is not rocket science. Inflation creates an incentive for a person to invest or spend their money. Holding onto money does nothing for the economy. Without investment, the capital of the economy would slowly degrade. You can see this relationship graphically with the [Solow Growth]( function.   
Feel free to respond with arguments and proof besides just calling my claim a fallacy. I would be much more likely to not believe inflation is good if a response used critical thinking. Until then I'm just going to have to believe the 'corporate shills' who dedicate their lives to academics and economics who teach me. 