@_author: prahasaurus
@_date: 2015-12-19 08:11:09
"Don't vote."  Yeah, that's a stupid fucking idea.
@_date: 2015-06-02 15:53:06


You are a number to them on a spreadsheet. They will do whatever they have to do to monetize you to the fullest.  Pretending to care about security is now part of that.
I guarantee you they will hand over everything to the government when asked.  
@_date: 2014-02-05 18:24:21
I think smaller economies will lead the way in Bitcoin acceptance.  Central Europe is a prime spot, since people here embrace technology quite fast, and there is decent smartphone penetration, especially among the young and successful. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 06:00:13
Yes, good point.  But a dentist is never going to adopt Doge as a means of payment.  Unless it morphs into a serious currency, and that is not what Doge is about.  It's about fun and community, helping others.  And those are great goals, hats off to the community.  
I can see Doge eventually being linked to Bitcoin.  Perhaps with a fixed exchange rate that has a built in automatic inflationary factor, e.g. Doge devalues by X% every month linked to Bitcoin.  This ensures Doge remains accessible, and people are incentivised to spend their Doge, knowing the value should fall slightly in the future (or at least not rise as fast as Bitcoin).  All good things to encourage more transactions. 
@_date: 2014-07-19 13:42:34
Sadly, their computers are shit.  
@_date: 2014-02-04 16:09:05
But why is it an either/or?  Bitcoin is gold, a way to store wealth, Dogecoin is currency, meant to be spent quickly.  People can convert their Bitcoin to Doge in small amounts regularly (weekly?) to have spending money for the internet.
As someone above noted, don't underestimate a lot of overenthusiastic kids.  If millions of 16 year olds hold Doge and start to use it, interesting things will start to happen. There is a lot of value in the network effect.
@_date: 2014-02-05 20:40:50
It's not just governments holding BTC back.  It's users.  It's infrastructure.  Etc.  You are a long way from getting Joe Sixpack to trust BTC.  A long way.  Doesn't mean it won't happen.  It just means we are really at the very, very early stages of this transformation. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 19:34:19
Yes, and that in itself causes huge problems for a well functioning economy.  Price stability is critical. As a merchant, you pay X for 1 item in inventory, but it doesn't sell.  So, as you noted, you sell it for less than X.  That's a recipe for disaster for the merchant. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 05:48:47
This is exactly right.  Great comment.  The OP is comparing apples to oranges.  Bitcoin will be the gold of crypto currencies.  Probably other currencies will start up linked to bitcoin.  Doge is about community and fun.  It's about spending and tipping.  I think they will be the de facto internet currency for small transactions. 
However, if you're a brick &amp; mortar merchant, you probably aren't going to want to adopt a crypto currency based on an internet meme.  You'll take bitcoin, or some other variant linked to it.  
Doge should not be about investment per se.  The community does not want the currency to appreciate too much, as that would turn it into another bitcoin.  They want people to spend and tip and enjoy themselves.  Sure, it needs to retain its value.  But significant appreciation would be a bad thing for dogecoin, in my opinion.
@_date: 2014-02-02 18:05:57
The bigger issue is not the perception of a giving community.  The bigger issue is the liquidity of the market.  Not in how easy it is to buy and sell, although that is a part of it.  But how easy it is to use bitcoins for regular transactions.  And this seems to me a huge issue.
It's nice that a taxi driver here and a mechanic there accept bitcoins.  But how many people are going to use their bitcoins to pay for these services?  Some, perhaps but not many, simply because the deflationary characteristic of Bitcoin, coupled with the current appreciation, acts as a huge deterrent to spending.
Why would anyone pay .3 bitcoins to have their engine repaired when, in six months, those same .3 bitcoins could be worth twice as much?  We are going to have a system that is basically useless outside of commodity speculation.
When people regularly spend bitcoin on mundane transactions:  metro, taxi, amazon.com, that's one thing.  But is that really happening? And will it happen even when the infrastructure exists?  Again, why spend when you could be losing huge future value?  Everyone will want to earn in bitcoins, few will want to actually spend those bitcoins.
Can someone here kindly explain to me why this is not going to happen, or why I'm wrong?  I would love for Bitcoin to succeed.  I'm a believer in the inefficiency of our dinosaur banking system, for example.  But a "currency" that nobody wants to spend is not exactly an answer, is it?  
As a counter example, you may laugh at Dogecoin, but they are at least focused on enabling a large number of small value transactions.  It's actually a smart strategy.  It's a "currency" that people want to spend.
@_date: 2014-02-04 11:27:52
Wow, I stand corrected....
OK, I doubt it will be a mass market currency outside of the internet, unless Dogecoin rebrands a bit.  But who knows, who knows....  
@_date: 2014-05-12 06:20:40
LOL that Kerry meeting with someone in the company should alleviate our fears.
@_date: 2014-02-02 21:34:13
Very good comment.  If I had more than 2.4 doge I would tip you... :-)
Dogecoin seems to be about transactions, not stored wealth.  BTC runs the risk of being a very deflationary currency, will can have significant issues long term.  We'll see.
Building in a bit of inflation into Dogecoin is a very good thing for it's intended purpose.  More transactions, more tipping, more fun.
@_date: 2014-02-04 19:16:16
Agreed. We'll see.  I don't view it as serious, but perhaps that's the point.
@_date: 2014-02-05 15:19:44
Paypay knows quite well who their biggest competitor will be very soon.  I've used Paypal 10-15 times over the past year or so.  Bitcoin would make my life much easier, my transaction fees much lower.  This fact is not lost on Paypal.
@_date: 2014-02-05 18:21:00
I'll be in Brno tomorrow.  But won't go to Subway.  My good friend owns a very popular bar there, I'll try to convince him to accept Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-05 06:16:58
Good question.  And perhaps there is no need to use Doge, perhaps Bitcoin would be fine for that.
But there could be liquidity issues with Bitcoin, when so many people horde the currency, expecting it to appreciate.  It is a deflationary currency, clearly.  People think:  "Why buy a coffee for .01 BTC, when next week I can buy two coffees with the same amount.  I'll just hold my Bitcoin a bit longer...."  It's more psychological, but it has a huge impact on consumer behaviour.
Doge, on the other hand, is set up to be more inflationary, to lose value over time relative to Bitcoin.  Meaning that there is more incentive to spend what you have in Doge, as in the future, it might be worth slightly less.  As people spend Doge, it becomes a transactional currency.  Merchants cater to it, because they see people are spending it at a much faster pace than Bitcoin.  Spend, tip, spend, tip, etc., etc.  We now have a transactional currency, one that people want to use to buy things.  Shops, merchants, websites, etc. develop infrastructure to accept Doge, etc.  Perhaps those same merchants convert a percentage of Doge to Bitcoin as savings immediately after receiving it.  Leaving the rest in Doge to purchase raw materials, etc. to keep the process moving.  Save in Bitcoin, spend in Doge.
As a consumer, you like Bitcoin, because its wealth increases over time.  But when you want a coffee, the retailers have decided to focus on a currency that people spend often, and that's Doge.  So you keep your savings in Bitcoin, but convert a percentage each week to meet your consumption needs.  And each month, when you convert Bitcoin to Doge, you get slightly more Doge.
Think dollar versus investment.  You may invest a portion of your salary each month into stocks, or bonds.  That's like your Bitcoin.  You keep the rest in dollars, that's Doge. You spend the dollars, because the investment return on dollars is terrible.  That's why BTC is less a currency, more an investment commodity.  The beauty is that both Bitcoin and Doge are necessary in this model, and both complement each other. 
@_date: 2014-02-02 21:18:15
Good for you, but I worry that a handful of rich investors/speculators will buy up bitcoin and just sit on it, sucking out a lot of liquidity from the market.
@_date: 2015-01-31 16:04:10
My final point.  A similar situation happened a few years back in a US high tech company I worked for here in Europe.  They replaced the SVP of EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa) with a new guy, and basically said they needed to fix things, etc.  They got rid of anyone who was viewed as too close to the old guy.  Juvenile, yes, but that's how many large companies work, especially at the top.  
They oftentimes used the excuse of a new strategy to justify the firings, since they needed cause to just fire someone at that level, especially in Europe. Otherwise, huge lawsuits...  But in six month's time, they quietly hired new people to fill those exact same positions.  So the head of Italy was fired because the new strategy (nudge, nudge, wink, wink) was to manage Italy from Germany (a terrible idea, obviously, if you've spent any time working in Europe).  Six months later, they revisited that strategy and hired a new guy to head up Italy.
The people they got rid of were solid performers.  But the new SVP, under orders from the CEO, needed to show he was cleaning house.  He also wasn't sure he could trust these people, since he came in right away saying the old guy was bad, a new strategy was needed, etc., etc.  Perhaps not directly applicable to your situation, but very common.
The king is dead, long live the king...
For me personally, I was hired by the new SVP.  I soon realized, however, that the old guy, the one they fired, was actually right in how he wanted to manage things.  And the new guy was basically an empty suit that knew nothing except internal office politics.  I stuck around for a couple of years, carving out my own niche, and then left to work for myself.  I just couldn't take it anymore...  :-)  
@_date: 2015-01-31 15:04:36


I get it, it's a noble statement, but you failed because of this.  Perhaps it wouldn't have mattered.  Perhaps the decision had been made beforehand.  
But losing your high level sponsor was the wake up call to pitch the importance of your very strategic project to new management, get top level support, budget, find a place in the organization, new boss, etc.  Again, perhaps it was destined to fail.
But no interaction with new management is more or less a recipe for failure.  If you believed in the project (you clearly do), you needed to fight for it.  Not just by writing compelling code, but by explaining the strategic importance of what you're doing to new management in a way they truly understand.  And can then make an informed decision.
At that level within the organization, staying quiet and hoping for the best is rarely a viable strategy.  Good luck in future endeavours!
@_date: 2015-01-31 15:51:24
Yes, I understand.  It's rarely black and white.  And this was without a doubt a very challenging situation.
However, for future projects, if you're hired by the CEO, report directly to the CEO, and soon after the CEO steps down, it's critical you find your new place within the organization.  If you want to stick around, you must do this.  
It's rare you will be viewed as critical to the new strategy without making your own case in very persuasive terms.  The default position is that you are with the "former guy," and perhaps can't be trusted, etc., etc.  I know it's silly BS and completely irrational, but that's how these things typically work.  I'm almost 50, I've seen this many times from both sides... :-)
@_date: 2015-01-31 15:23:00
I don't think it would have been "all day," but in any case, look at the results of little or no communication?  Not a dig, you sound like a smart guy who knows what he's doing.  
My experience with sharp engineers is they make too many assumptions about those in management positions above them, the people controlling the budgets and setting company strategy.  They assume they are smart, so they must "get" what I'm doing.  But it's not the case.  They may be smart, but they rarely understand the true implications of a project of this type.  And the best way to convince them is to speak to them, face to face, and fight for it.  Show them your passion, win them over. It can't be done over email, either.  Face to face...
In any case, all the best to you.  I'm sure you'll land on your feet.
@_date: 2016-01-19 18:06:39
I agree, there is a tremendous amount of inertia built into US foreign policy. And to be honest, this is Bernie's weak point.  But I'm fairly sure he will be less militaristic than Hillary, certainly less so than Trump...  But I was wrong about Obama, he was nothing like I had hoped.  So who knows...
@_date: 2016-01-19 12:23:54
There is no way Trump or Hillary would be anything other than shills for Wall Street.  They would implement whatever Jamie Daimon told them to implement.  Trump would be a bit more independent, but even he would probably follow the advice of the old guys in suits telling him Bitcoin is risky.
Bernie is a wild card.  My guess is he would be neutral.  He would see it as a way to check the power of big banks.  But also want to ensure there is proper regulation.
@_date: 2016-01-19 12:21:58


It's funny because when Americans talk about "government spending," they rarely mean the billions and billions they spend on endless wars.  So if Bernie would actually implement a sane foreign policy, my guess is that spending would not rise.  Taxes on the rich, absolutely.
@_date: 2016-06-24 04:49:35
A stronger, core EU will only help the currency. You really think Greece out of the Euro will hurt the Euro? That's like saying Mississippi out of the US would hurt the dollar.
@_date: 2016-06-24 13:58:41
Yeah, dude, the EU is so corrupt, man, it's finished, toast.  Just like the nation state, the dollar, and whatever else you are rebelling against.  
@_date: 2016-06-24 04:46:43
But I believe this was inevitable.  Older Britons are not like continental Europeans.  Let continental Europe form a stronger union without the UK.  
The UK can be a nice, lapdog of the US.  Just like it more or less is now.
@_date: 2016-11-28 05:40:10
Yes, that too...
@_date: 2016-11-28 05:10:15
It's the equivalent of salary for *around 7 years* in Russia.  And of course if it works, there are plenty of other municipal targets all over the world.
@_date: 2016-11-28 05:33:12
Fair point, that is just the average salary.  
But could be a student, not yet earning any money yet?  Someone living way outside of Moscow where average salaries are much lower, even high-tech jobs?
Or probably the first attempt to extort money, and he wants to set a precedent, not get too greedy.  But will follow this up with many other hacks, since it's a target rich environment all around the world.
Of perhaps it's just someone who could care less about money, he just wants to show he can do it, and being in SF (the heart of high tech) makes it all the more sweet.
@_date: 2015-02-04 09:44:26
I'm a Coinbase customer, and I appreciate their responses and overall activity in this thread.  Mistakes happen, it's what the company does afterwards that speaks volumes.  Very impressive display of customer responsiveness here. 
@_date: 2015-02-08 17:20:01
4 Friedmans.  
@_date: 2015-02-15 09:25:56
If Bitcoin is about worshipping people like Friedman (and Hayek, etc.), then the currency is probably doomed.  It's a huge mistake to drag politics into these discussions.  