@_author: praxmatis
@_date: 2014-04-08 19:33:57
A rather large omission from this thread, that should be observed and understood, is the fact that the u.s. civilian does not actually "own" the dollars that they hold in hand ( or in bank trust ). The u.s. government "owns" them. They were originally intended as notes of holding, i.e. one dollar in hand entitled you to the equivalent value in physical gold that was supposedly kept in trust for you by your federal government. Once the federal reserve economists realized that there was not enough gold in the entire solar system let alone on our planet to back all of the possible dollars that could potentially be in circulation, the dollar was promptly de-based. That action did not change the laws giving the fedral government exclusive right to control/disposal/acceptance of dollars. It also did not change the fact that dollars in and of themselves hold no value.
As it stands now the entire fiat based economy is powered purely by the "perception" of value. And those who point to crypto currencies and state that it is volatile, baseless, and has no percievable value, are either choosing to ignore the reality of the financial system they are a part of, or are not capable of understanding the system as a whole.
Moving to a system where the currency is also a security has some merit, if you look to times when coins were actually minted from precious metals. In some aspects, the system worked well in that it was an organized system of barter utilizing a token that had undisputable value. However, that was a physical medium. And regardless of whether or not society comes to a screeching halt, that physical medium has an undeniable value; whereas a usb stick that contains the hashes showing that you hold umpteen thousands of bitcoins is worthless without the supporting infrastructure that allows the usb stick to be utilized to demonstrate said ownership.
Crypto currencies, like fiat currencies, in reality only have perceived value. The perception of that value is mostly subjective unless it is ratified or regulated by a government; at which point the argument of centralized vs de-centralized is moot due to the fact that it is no longer purely under the control of the person holding the currency.
If we look to even earlier times, anyone who could dig up ore and refine it and mint coins from it essentially "created" value, and therefore benefited directly from that work. This translated directly to all forms of work that provided a tangible good.
In todays system we now have "perceived work" wherein multiple man hours contributed via either physical labor, intellectual labor, or virtual work performed by automated systems, is attributed a value based what a group of people ( be it a government or civilian organization i.e. corporation ) perceive to be the contribution towards accomplishing a given goal.
Now, in a economic system where both the medium of currency, as well as work performed, no longer have a tangible value associated with them, then a new economic system -has- to be developed that incorporates infrstructure that itself provides a percieved value. Bitcoin provides this. And in point of fact, Bitcoin cannot exist without it.
However, Bitcoins infrastructure does not provide a record of ownership, rather it provides a public record of transaction.  On the other hand, fiat currency provides neither a record of ownership or transaction.
Fiat currency, and the systems that depend on them are therefore truly unstable and subject to interpretation ( i.e. fraud ) at -all- levels. The only reason that the fiat currency system has not collapsed is the fact that the worlds governments collude to regulate "group perceived value" which then provides false security to the masses that are ( blissfully ) ignorant.
Bitcoin, therefore, is only one step ahead, of fiat. It is an evolutionary step, not revolutionary, and as such it must compete within the existing economic environment. Being that the current environment is based on perception ( which is driven to a large degree by fear, uncertainty, and doubt ) it is possible (and highly likely ) that bitcoin may be co-opted by the existing governmental regimes to the point that it is unable to exist in its current state, or provide the tangible value that is at its core.
Encouraging, or requesting, that regulatory agencies of any type involve themselves will only hasten this process. Defining bitcoin as either a pure currency or pure property (security) only shifts the perception of bitcoin, it does not change the actual value provided.
As long as the majority of americans continue to perceive bitcoin as anti-thetical to their perceived ownership of the dollars they hold, the true value of bitcoin will never be realized. As well, and possibly more significant, is the fact that mass ignorance is the controlling factor in this economic environment. 
In summary, both fiat and bitcoin are at the whims of human perception, which drives governmental regulation, of which, the perceived outcome serves to drive more regulation. This infernal cycle limits any real environmental competition to mere discussion. In order to break the cycle and change the system, the people would need to develop a truly revolutionary economic/currency/regulatory system of such obvious merit to the ignorant that it could not be denied by those in power. Fiat is merely the system at this time, not Goliath. Bitcoin is not David, it may prove to be the father of david, and as people who are aware of this we have the responsibility of guiding it in the best possible direction toward that end goal.
@_date: 2014-01-25 16:37:40
I think you are missing the point. All financial insitutions have always had the right to ask the customer for prior notice of intent to withdraw large sums of fiat. Historically this has been necessary in order to allow the institution the time to process the paperwork required by the local regulating agency for such a withdraw, and the time to verify that the requested fiat is even available from the institution at the time it is requested.
What happened in the article is the institution now demanding "proof of intent" with regards to end use of the fiat. Ostensibly, it was in order to help the customer make better decisions about "how" to use or tranfer fiat.
This obviously oversteps the "implied" agreement between the institution and the actual owner of said fiat - that the fiat deposited by the customer will always be available to the customer regardless of the scale of the withdrawl or end use of said fiat.
The article also points out one of the  key problems with this arrangment. The rules put in place by the local regulating agency are open to "interpretation" meaning the banks could justify doing just about anything they want with the fiat in their possession. Which is the other key problem with the entire system - possession is nine/tenths of the law no matter where you are, and guess who actually possesses all of the fiat that their customers "believe" to be theirs......
There is no point in arguing about it either, because all of the paperwork you sign when you open a bank account states that you agree to let the bank have their way with the fiat you deposit with them.
Most people dont pay close enough attention to the fine writing to actually understand what it is that they are agreeing to. They make gross assumptions based on a level of ignorance that falls in line with societal norms. Which in turn is manipulated by the governments and regulatory agencies to the benefit of the state and those in control.
Again, you can't argue with it, human societies have been this twisted for as long we have records of it.
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:35:29
It would seem that most of your comments come from a lack of understanding. All fiat currencies experience minute-by-minute fluctuations in there relative valuation when compared to another fiat currency. Due to the existing regulations controlling how much fluctuation is actually allowed over a given period of time, combined with the actual speed at which those fluctuations spread through an economic region, the appearance of stability is widespread throughout any given population. If you were to actively monitor the fiat currency exchanges you would find very similar patterns of variability to those that appear on the digital currency exchanges. The reason why digital currencies appear unstable is that they are fluctuating in real time without the restrictions of government regulations. Established businesses, regardless of locale, still have to be able to work in terms of the local fiat currency, regardless of whether or not they accept digital currencies. Hence the need for the value of the camera to be pegged to the retailers local currency. If the entire supply chain were using Bitcoin then you would see the local fiat currencies value fluctuating on the retailers website.
As many have said, you need a large and diverse base of acceptance in order for -any- type of currency to work correctly.
Hopefully we will see that finally come to fruition for Bitcoin in 2014.