@_author: predot
@_date: 2017-03-16 17:40:25


 
I just went through this last night on pfSense. Although I've done port forwarding/NAT on consumer grade routers before, I hadn't yet had a reason to set it up on pfSense.
 
After some Googling it was pretty straightforward. I can assist as well, if needed.
@_date: 2017-03-18 19:21:06
"gaming" might have been too strong a term.
 
Essentially, my credit is garbage. I had to do a debt consolidation, which automatically bumps you down to an R7 credit rating (the 3rd worst you can have). That R7 lasts on your record for two years after you've made your last debt consolidation payment.
 
My mortgage broker attends conferences in the U.S. held by the credit card companies and has gained some good insight. There's a sweet spot of how much balance the companies like to see you keep on your card (roughly 30%). 
 
That keeps the credit card companies happy, because they're making interest off you, but they're not scared that you've jacked your card up near the limit and could have problems paying it off.
 
So my broker suggested the following, which has worked for me:
 
* Get a secured credit card, which I did for $500 (a Home Trust Visa).
* Always pay at least the minimum on time, but leave about a 30% balance on the card.
* Wait 4 - 6+ months, then apply for a store credit card. Not one through the bank because they're more strict. I applied for a Canadian Tire gas card (Mastercard) with a $1000 limit. Repeat the step above by keeping a balance on the card but always paying at least the minimum on time.
* Two or three months later the CT card was automatically bumped up by them to a $3000 limit.
 
After a short while I started to receive mail to apply for other cards. So I closed the secured Visa and got a different Visa.
 
I then paid off all credit cards so that I wasn't being gouged as much with interest. I now keep between $100 - $200 balance on each of the cards.
 
As much as it sucks having to pay the interest, this plan is working.  When I get a credit check done they can see the R7. But they also see that since that date I'm in the process of actively building good credit.
@_date: 2017-03-15 17:42:38


 
I'm relatively "new to Bitcoin", but this comment seems to go against the entire ethos of the currency. Wasn't the idea for the technology sent out into the wild for free in the first place?
 
I'm planning on purchasing a few $10s of thousands worth of btc in a very short period; just trying to figure out the best way to purchase it.
 
In the meantime, I've just installed full core to my always-on Linux media server. Way more cores &amp; RAM than can be used for its current purpose with plenty of free TB on my RAID array. Unlimited internet and I don't pay for hydro - might as well do something useful with the box.
@_date: 2017-03-16 17:54:18
Fellow Canadian, been using PC Financial for almost 20 years for these very reasons. Coincidentally, their finances are covered by CIBC.
 
I agree with pretty much everything in your post.
 
My house sold recently and I've downsized to an apartment. After paying off my debts, a good chunk of the remainder (a modest 5 figures) is going to be parked in Btc.
@_date: 2017-03-17 14:17:32
Thanks for the long &amp; detailed response!
 
Truthfully, the house was not that much of a financial burden. When I bought it seven years ago with my ex, we made the conscious decision to buy a house that was well within our means. We didn't want to be 'house poor', and wanted to be able to still afford to live there if one of us lost our job.
 
Fast forward about 6 months and we break up. She moves out and I take over the mortgage. 
 
As much as I loved the house, my neighbours and the neighbourhood, I had too many skeletons there. I just wanted to get out and start over. Plus the fact that the real estate market is on fire in my city just made it a perfect time to sell. Although not 'house poor', I knew that the proceeds which I could get from selling the house could be put to better use elsewhere.
 
When I was younger I made a lot of stupid decisions with credit cards and was still paying off a large amount of debt (sidenote: as boring as it would be as a teenager, I *really* wish that a course on credit cards, mortgages, etc. would be mandatory in grade 12). All of that debt's now been paid off and I'm financially in the clear. My mortgage broker gave me a lot of great information on gaming the credit card system and that's also working out well for me.
 
Now I'm in a fantastic apartment with a lot of amenities - friends are amazed that I found such a great place for the price - and another positive is that it helped me to get rid of so much clutter that I had. 
 
I was quite a few steps removed from an episode of Hoarders, but at the same time there were boxes filling the basement which I'd never opened in the years since moving into the house. Moving to an apartment forced me to downsize - I just didn't have the room for it all!
 
Now after all of the financial debts have been cleared away I still have a fair sized chunk of change. And that's what brings me to bitcoin. As much as I can understand people being against the 'HODL' strategy, I'm taking a very close look at that for obvious reasons.
@_date: 2017-03-16 03:37:13
While I don't agree with it in my own personal circumstance, I do understand your point. Especially wrt a purely economic view. I'll even give you an upvote for an intelligent contradictory response.
 
As I'm still very wet-behind-the-ears when it comes to Bitcoin in general, perhaps I'm jumping in too eagerly; more knowledge would possibly warrant a requisite amount of caution?
 
As a show of my ignorance, I wasn't even aware of the ability to validate your own transactions while running a node, let alone that being a benefit.
 
If my bandwidth was capped, or if my utilities weren't inclusive of my rent, I most likely wouldn't be as altruistic. Additionally, the hardware which Bitcoin core will be running on is only using a minor portion of its capability. It's already left running 24/7.
 
In this instance, I feel that there isn't any additional 'cost' to me in offering the resources which I have available. Whether I run a full node or not, I'm still paying the same amount for hydro and internet. Admittedly there is the cost of wear and tear on my hardware. But overall, I suppose that I don't mind making this very small sacrifice to feel that I'm contributing in this, admittedly microscopic, way.