@_author: predig
@_date: 2018-01-24 01:43:50
Hi again guys, just thought I would give another post, from a business perspective, on why Halong Mining's lack of transparency and unwillingness to disclose very basic company details, is the most likely evidence that they are a scam. 
As the owner of a small company in Australia, I have a responsibility to both my staff and company share holders to ensure the safeguard of my companies assets, this includes company expenditure. Could you imagine that I simply handed over the companies funds to invest with an organisation that overtly give no proof of their legitimacy? 
As the director I have a fiduciary duty to do business only when there is a reasonable expectation of a return on investments. Halong Mining is the internet version of someone saying, "hey, Ive got a bridge crossing Sydney Harbour to sell you, interested?". They can prove neither that they own the assets in question nor that they are legitimates salesmen of it.
My responsibility continues to the Tax Department from whom I will be claiming deductions of expenditure. An invoice is not an invoice if the entity who issues it does not exist!
The more I want this company to be true and real, does not make it so. I lost 7 BTC on a scam miner several months ago, I will not be so easily fooled again. 
Please be wise and stop feeding the feral scum who oppose their own character.
@_date: 2018-01-24 00:47:34
Hi guys, just an update.
I just sent Richard another email requesting company information including their Business Registration details, company number, administration address and contact details as well as factory address. Clearly any legitimate company would have no problem at all to supply this information. This was Richards responce to me just now by email;
“That information is intentionally not being disclosed right now. It will be public closer to 2Q 2018.
If you're uncomfortable placing an order I'd recommend not doing so - we have a strict no refund policy since these are preorders. In a few more weeks we'll have a lot more information coming out.
Richard Hogan
Halong Mining”
Now, why would that be?
My responce to him by email just now is;
“Thanks for the confirmation Richard, clearly you are thieves.
You truly are Pathetic individuals, you should be ashamed of yourselves.”
I’ll let your know what or if he responds. I was going to buy 15 miners from them, no chance I’m giving them my hard earned after that responce. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 00:14:58
As someone who got sucked into buying new, untested and without reputation mining equipment in September last year, Halong Mining smells just the same.
The same lack of transparency, the same inability to visit the factory, the same unreturnable payment system, the same 30minute payment limit and similar promotional avenues. The same limited contact person, seems “Richard Hogan” is awefully busy.
I found it strange to make an enquiry about preorders to which Richard’s response was “Not currently” yet the very next day I got an email telling me suddenly that they are open for business for April delivery and I Can order as many as I want.
Guys, this has all the hallmarks of a scam. If you can’t get the company details, the phone number, the factory address nor the opportunity to meet them, it can only be because they do not exist. If you cannot find a reputable person that has purchased the equipment from them, or demonstrated a Your Tube unboxing, be wary.
I personally believe Halong Mining is a scam.