@_author: premiumhomegym
@_date: 2016-08-07 06:47:13
I'm also pretty sure you're right OP. If someone loans you £5,000 you would debit cash and credit a new Loan liability, as you suggested in your original post.
As you said, it works the same way with banks. Customer deposits are treated as cash assets with a corresponding liability to the customer.
@_date: 2014-06-10 15:41:30
What do you mean? What is the flaw that you're seeing? And why are you implying my above comment is false?
All I have said is that while the price of bitcoin is rapidly rising people are more likely to want to hold onto their bitcoins as a commodity because they will probably make a tidy sum of money. When this growth slows down that incentive isn't as big, and so fewer people would hold onto it as a commodity. I'm not prescribing holding onto bitcoins as a great way for the currency to grow (because obviously it's not), but for the individual there is a strong incentive to hold onto them for easy financial gain.
Edit: I may not have made it clear in my previous comment that I meant it makes sense economically for the individual, rather than as a whole.
@_date: 2014-06-10 13:38:16
I agree, but economically it makes sense which is exactly why most people will do it, even if there was widespread acceptance of BTC in shops.
@_date: 2014-06-10 08:31:08
My initial reaction is that when everyone thinks the price has stabilised around it's true value, the subsequent increases in price will be a lot smaller and less dramatic. At the moment it's clearly a good time to hold on to bitcoin because the net gains in value are massive compared to what you would get from (probably) every stock or fund. When things have calmed down there will be a lot less reason to keep them around.
Once we reach the 'true value' I look forward to comparing interest received on holdings in a bank compared to the money you would make from appreciation in value in holdings of bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-12-30 21:55:07
You could use a paper wallet. You basically print off a sheet of paper with a public/private pair. Whenever you want to move/spend you can import the address into your wallet (e.g. blockchain.info).
That's what I do and it has worked well so far. 
Generate addresses at 
@_date: 2016-12-31 00:00:04
Apologies - when I said importing I probably meant sweeping. I always take the full balance and never reuse the paper address.
I'm not sure if I'm fully understanding the question, but I believe you're asking about entering in a private key that is encrypted, for example using BIP38. In that case you just enter the full encrypted private key and you'll get a pop up box asking for your encryption pass phrase. 
I hope that answers your question!
@_date: 2016-02-20 08:35:24
Interesting idea! It would change time into an easily checkable and tradeable commodity, and perhaps help people balance their time a bit better.
What can be measured can be managed, but you've got to have good measurement first!
I have a couple of thoughts which could help you to progress the idea:
1) Would this idea work for staff who are on the payroll and work regular hours? Or do you see this as something that would change the concept of 'employment' to something more similar to contractual work? If so, how do you think this will affect commercial companies? (I'm thinking in terms of technical roles where special knowledge or qualification is needed)
2) Could you run through the process for me? So each month or each week, coins are generated and distributed to each person. Would each coin would represent hours in a specific day? So for example I could trade you one of my coins that is earmarked for an hour on Saturday morning in order to think about this idea. I'd like to understand the process.
Thanks - good Friday night idea.
@_date: 2016-07-17 16:19:31
I agree with OP.
The bitcoin community on reddit is probably the largest bitcoin community online. Many people will encounter bitcoin for the first time while on reddit. That makes us the standard-bearers of the currency, and the advert will give many people their first impression of bitcoin.
We're still trying to gain traction and appeal to a wider, mainstream audience, and so it would be better to give the currency a sleek and professional image.
What I mean to say is I don't believe the 'Magical Internet Money' advert is helping bitcoin's image as a genuine, serious alternative.