@_author: pressplaay
@_date: 2015-07-10 01:51:06
Thanks for your response -- very informative.
TREZOR seems like a really good alternative, I had not heard of it previously.
The thing with cold store on electronic devices: USB, CD, Hard Drive or even TREZOR is it could always break-down and corrupt. Perhaps if I accidentally drop the devices they'll break. There are too many ways it could go wrong or have we overcome this problem?
On Paper however (if I laminate it for protection), I can only really lose lose the bit of paper (not including theft in any of these ways).
How much trust do we have in institutions like Coinbase and other exchanges for example to keep our deposited Bitcoins in their inventory? That's a type of storage (not cold though) yet it has a vast number of security and privacy risks.
@_date: 2015-11-16 10:03:55
I understand the cause for concern but what's near the top of every politician's buzz words lately? "Reducing inequality". Negative interest rates is not the way to do that and here's my argument why:
If we have negative interest rates, say, out to -6% the richer are going to get even more insanely wealthy due to their ability and credit worthiness to borrow large sums at negative borrowing costs, which in short will give free reign to buy every asset under the sun. Think what's happening now in the property markets (in both rent and house prices) in NY, San Fran, London, Hong Kong, Sydney etc. and then scale that by a sizeable magnitude (as there's a huge compounding difference between 0% interest and -6% interest).
Imagine a scenario of a handful of giant conglomerates buying (as a bad example) the entirety of NY's property market (at -6% interest rate) and then they have cash incoming from the rent every month; they're going to have to immediately reinvest it into something otherwise they'll face negative compounding from savings so asset prices will be pushed further and further into the stratosphere.
If this happens, I don't know how the gen.pop. can survive and am surprised they are even at current levels. Negative interest rates serves a purposes but beyond a threshold as we are currently witnessing right here and now it is an idiotic almost equity-asset-based-(hyper)inflationary move that'll kill economies and politics.
There are much cleaner political ways to kill cash.