@_author: presidentdavidpalmer
@_date: 2014-10-05 19:26:14
You do know that you just hated on people acting like wannabe economists and then proceeded to be a wannabe economist right?
And just so you know an economist's job isn't to predict price or when to buy and sell. Their job is to evaluate a market as a whole. An analyst's job is to do this.
I was an analyst and algorithm developer at Merrill Lynch. This is what is happening. Wall Street, Chinese and really wealthy investors want to enter the market. The thing is that they don't care about small gains, they invest billions at a time. A million dollars is basically a rounding error to a bank like Merrill Lynch. Since the bitcoin market is so tiny, buying say worthwhile stake, say a billion dollars of BTC would be next to impossible, the order would never fill. It would trigger a HUGE price increase and the bank would never get the amount of BTC that they actually want.
Example: I am a wall street hedge fund manager and my analysts tell me to buy a billion dollar stake in bitcoin. Do I just put in a billion dollar order? HELL NO. Instead I would take say $50 million dollars, a fraction of my investment goal but enough to move the tiny bitcoin market significantly. Over time I spend the $50 million slowly buying coins regardless of price. Then when my algorithm says the price is right, I start dumping them all, in untraceable chunks. This causes a massive sell off from small time investors and the price tanks a considerable percentage(like today). Once it drops to my target price, I stop selling and then use a trading bot buy small amounts over and over and over again in untraceable amounts. Never enough to actually cause the price to spike.
Why do I not want the price to spike? I am not an idiot and I am in it for the long game. I wouldn't be buying any at all if I didn't think it would go up over time (5 years of more). I  know that I have more money than most of the rest of the market, if I just sit on it and slowly continue to accrue my stake eventually the scared tiny investors selling will dry up and the price with go up.
So lets do the math. Say when I initially made my decision to buy bitcoins, the price was $400. Had I just bought in one order, I would have received significantly fewer than 2.5 million bitcoins. Why fewer? because the buy order would cause a huge spike.
Now if we do it the smart way outlined above, risking only $50 million, but causing the price to drop 25% to $300, we have the potential to get WAY more coins. If we can use our trading algorithm to keep the price near $300, then we end up with 3.333 million bitcoins. Even if we screw it up a little bit we would end up with significantly more.
Now I know that the example doesn't use realistic numbers, but I was just trying to prove the point that tiny investors DO NOT MATTER. There is a reason for the term market makers, and whats been happening these past few days is a perfect example. Today one order worth $8 million dollars caused an instant drop of over 10%. This is nothing to wealthy people. Bitcoin is a TINY market, all it takes is a couple of million dollars to completely manipulate the market to your will. Tens of thousands of banks, individuals and organizations have this kind of money and make trades much larger than this on a daily basis. For example, $8 million dollars is the equivalent of $20 to any entity with more than a few billion. Wall Street banks manage TRILLIONS. People need to stop acting like idiots and think before they sell and lose everything.