@_author: president_skroob
@_date: 2016-09-08 19:46:19


Doesn't this happen in BTC too! Look at Mt. Gox. For years people thought foolishly that Apple was "immune" to computer viruses. Of course it wasn't...it was just the fact that not enough people used Apple Products for bad actors to bother. I know this is an over simplification. That has now changed.
 &gt; Then there is inflation, which is a tax on everyone
Using your electricity to verify someone else transaction, in fact millions of them, taxes you as well. Right?
 &gt; As for identification required at exchanges, this isn't a Bitcoin problem, it's a fiat problem, regulations imposed upon organizations required to obtain a license. But that's OK, there are other ways to obtain bitcoin, by working for it or selling non-fiat assets for it.
This is true but the problem still remains and BTC isn't a solution.
 &gt; The earliest adopters were able to obtain their Bitcoin with the least amount of identification, and miners can still remain completely anonymous.
Also, true I get your points...I can see how BTC in its early days was a much more appealing prospect than what it has grown into today. 
But I feel like Im missing something bigger. You comments validate my thinking that there are lots of problems here. However, any time I listen to podcasts etc. Its all whip cream and roses! When what the cynic in me sees is complication and far less secure than billed. 
Thanks for the thoughtful reply. 
@_date: 2016-09-08 21:07:46
Ok this is IMO a discussion that is outside the scope of my original question. Although, perhaps has plenty of merit for conversation. It's a bit deeper than I intended to dive. Touches on the philosophical merits of BTC...rather than the actual practicality, which was my aim. Again, not that its not a valid discourse. 
So I'll just briefly touch a few things here and then leave this be as I dont want it to overwhelm the spirit of the original topic. 




I have to disagree with this above. In theory it makes sense. If you dont agree with (USA, Chinese, Iran) policies you don't have to support them by using their currencies. I get it. However, in practice we see a much different result. 
A significant, not all, ammount of a currencies value is dependent on the market place where it is used. This is called utility, right? Much of the utility of BTC was inherent in its illicit use on DeepWeb via Tor etc. Thus the trade in drugs, weapons and child pornography was and likely still is a driver of value in Crypto-Currencies. Hence I must disagree. 


I also, cannot agree with this above statement for two reasons. 1. Its far more likely in my opinion that, across the range of possible outcomes, innovation will render BTC obsolete than it will fortify it. Thus saving in BTC is not recommended. 2. I don't see anything that is stopping BTC itself from becoming the parasitic organization or for the parasitic organizations from incorporating BTC into their current paradigms. Case in point...what do we compare the value of BTC to most often? The USD! 


Ok this part is diffidently outside the scope. But IMO having been a central libertarian...the ideology is flawed. 
@_date: 2016-09-08 20:00:30
My numbers are from Coinbase exchange rate 1%...reading up...other claim coinbase to be one of the cheapest. 
I dont know anything about KYC...I'll look into it thanks! 
To my knowledge there are no local BTC ATM's in the Fort Worth TX area??
@_date: 2016-09-08 19:57:30
Never claim to be an expert. In fact the opposite. 
I first heard of BTC when a MBA classmate of mine invested in 2012. We had lengthy discussions about the validity of it being a currency. MBA kinda crap, sovereignty, trust, full faith and credit, market potential..etc. whatever. yada yada...I'm no expert here either. But I'd like to think that I understand economics far greater than the average american. 
This was right before the explosion in value like $1200 bucks or something. My interest then was purely in the market impacts of BTC.  
After that I started listening to LTBC Podcast. It got repetitive and 2014 I kinda gave up.
Since then! Ive had BTC and Blockchain in my RSS feeds etc. Passively watching it. 
Etherum and Coding was what brought me back about 3 months ago. 
2 Weeks ago I thought to better understand I should just get a wallet and play with it. 
2 days ago I had a less than fulfilling experience with wallets. 
2 Hours ago! I wrote this post! 
Thats all I know! 
@_date: 2016-09-08 20:42:40
No but isn't he one of the guys on LTBC Podcast? 
And sorry if my casual following doesn't fit your strict requirements of the definition. 
@_date: 2016-09-08 19:23:28
I guess not! 
A few days back I added Blockchain Wallet and realized that it wasnt an exchange. Ok no problem. Then I tried coinbase...to fund your account via the exchange you need a linked back account or upload an ID! 
Again, am I missing something? I'm not claiming to be doing this right. 
I do suppose I could buy some BTC for cash, or sell somethign etc. But FIAT exchange doesn't seem to jive. 
@_date: 2016-10-04 13:07:37
Whoa this post leads me to believe I am talking to like one of the founding father of bitcoin. Its kinda like randomly meeting Chuck Norris walking down the street and sayins "you're, you're, you're...um...that guy!" LOL 
@_date: 2016-10-03 20:16:14
Humm this is interesting and it brings something to mind, that perhaps Bitcoin needs. EDIT: I understand the article is not about what I'm about to say but it was the inspiration. 
In the 1980's China set up SEZ's (Special Economic Zones) to "Experiment" with capitalism. They put these SEZ's as far from Beijing as possible so if the experiment failed they could just deny and not look bad. Just so happens that as far away from Beijing is also as close as possible to Hong Kong. Which at the time was a British Territory. 
Long story short their experiment didnt fail! These zones are now home to Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Guandong ETC. Which are some of the largest and newest cities on the planet. Guangzhou is only about 30 years old and its full of skyscrapers and 25Million people. 
Maybe Bitcoin needs a place like this. A country to open up the floodgates and "Experiment" with unrestricted Bitcoin? Like what if Guatemala or New Hampshire completely unrestricted business in bitcoin. Cuba I think should/would be a great candidate. What would happen? Just a thought? 
@_date: 2016-10-04 12:56:57
Does this revolve around Bitcoin? 
I read the article and think its cool but its just rehashing an idea of the SEZ. Which I think Hong Kong was probably the first real seed of this in modern times. 
I guess my thinking was a SBEZ. Special Bitcoin Economic Zone...Where infrastructure and business within the region would be bitcoin specific. 
I think some small progressive town should try and institute this. 