@_author: prettyflyforitguy
@_date: 2017-11-08 21:58:03
I see a lot of replies like this, but it really seems like there are only a few major players on both sides here.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:43:33
If you can't answer, that's fine.  I get that you are a hard core supporter of something, and you think im with the "other guys" (you're wrong), but you should be ok with admitting that you didn't understand something or that my point is valid.  We both probably have money at stake in this, and we both probably want the same thing.  
The truth is, economics control what people do... the incentive to run lightning nodes needs to come from somewhere.  There is absolutely nothing anyone can do to make assurances that the majority of lightning nodes aren't run by a small group of people, short of maybe price fixing the transaction fees (which may in fact be illegal and would be another type of centralization).  As of right now, no one has any clue what the true financial incentives for running a lightning node, but the low cost of entry will probably create low profit margins.  
If you dispute this, you need to argue in terms of economics not technology.  The technology has much less effect on the end result.
 
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:46:04
I've been arguing with a 14 year old, haven't I?
@_date: 2017-11-10 22:39:17
I've read a bit on it... but until we see a working large scale example, I don't think anyone can say how it will work out.  
Most people who say it definitely won't become centralized are thinking from a theoretical aspect of everyone spinning up a node.  No hashing power is needed, right?  Well, take a look at mining. Theoretically anyone could've been a miner... I was a technically miner a long time ago... but now its mostly a small number of entities working at a large scale.
With such low profit margins, you might have the same scenario we do now with mining.  The problem you have is that once this starts to happen, the groups have more and more sway.  There was almost S2x because of this reason.  If the lightning network becomes like mining, what happens when the people who control your transactions on the lightning network have different interests?  
I think the problems bitcoin faces are similar to what happened with our financial system in the past.  Think, 200 years ago, basically anyone could open a bank. Never underestimate the effects of economic pressure.  Everything naturally leads to centralization and monopolization in a capitalistic society.  It takes very careful planning to avoid this.  I don't think bitcoin's current approach is careful enough.
@_date: 2017-11-10 22:53:42
Yes, I've read how it works... but more importantly, you've ignored the points in my post.  
In order for someone to run a lightning node, there needs to be incentive.  How do you guarantee that the economic incentive to run a lightning node doesn't exclude 99.999% of the population, putting it in the hands of a few people?  
Mining is no different really.  The current cost of entry isn't even that high... it just doesn't favor the average person to mine. So we've ended up with large corporations doing most of the mining.  This is caused by low profit margins.  The feature of lightning is even lower profit margins.  How do you think this will play out?
So we'll have centralized mining and centralized lightning network nodes.  Hell, they may even end up being some of the same companies.  This is when the real problems could start.
How do you **not** see even the *possibility* of centralization?
@_date: 2017-11-10 22:04:01
I am not saying it won't scale, I'm saying the two choices that lead to scaling (bitcoin cash vs lightning) will probably lead to centralization (in different forms).  The lack of "perfect" choices is what is causing the community divide.  IMO, time is running out for more viable solutions.
Again, I think everyone really wants to see bitcoin (and cryptocurrency in general) succeed, I am just making an observation about why there are a lot of mixed feelings floating around.  If this was general software, I might say "oh they'll eventually figure it out in later versions"... but now there is a huge amount of money invested in this.  It really creates a lot of pressure and there is going to be a lot of hot blood.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 20:55:36


I understand its not a race, but there is a need for bitcoin to work fluidly as a way to complete transactions.  This is part of scaling, and so far bitcoin has not scaled to meet demand. I completely agree that larger blocks are going to create scaling issues of a different kind... but that doesn't make existing problems non-existent, and it doesn't mean they aren't related to scaling.
The proposed changes to help bitcoin scale involve taking transactions off chain, relying on third parties to complete (even if they only need to be minimally trusted)... I can understand the tepidation behind doing this.  You remove the end user from directly accessing the blockchain, and potentially open up the possibility for a different type of centralization (not much different than the miner centralization large blocks would create).  
So, I guess the question is not whether bitcoin can be scaled, but rather if it could be scaled while remaining decentralized.  As it currently stands, I think the answer is no.  There needs to be better solutions to these scaling problems if this is to be avoided, IMO.
@_date: 2017-11-08 19:34:11
This is what I find most troubling about bitcoin.  Its supposed to be this decentralized form of currency that is immune from the actions of large corporations and governments... yet a small number of people who are easily bought/persuaded/controlled are the ones who drive the platform.  If bitcoin is ever going to fail, this is why.  There needs to be a better way of truly staying decentralized.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:02:55
In order to have a lightning network, you need people running lightning nodes.  People, and even small businesses aren't going to run a lightning node unless it pays for them to do so.  In order to show there *won't* be centralization, you need to show that the average joe's will be running nodes en masse instead of large corporations.  The fees are already purported to be very very small.  No one will care about the .001 cents transaction costs.  There is no incentive to do it, unless you are doing it at a large scale.  
So, there will almost certainly be centralization.  Once there is centralization, there will be control.  Once there is control, there will be monopolization.  Once there is monopolization, you're at their mercy. Again, look at the history of the financial industry.    
@_date: 2017-11-10 21:19:39


Well, currently, very few people are using bitcoin for purchases... and its looking like that could easily change in the very near future.      If 100M people started using bitcoin as a common currency (which is what a lot of people want it to become), the current system will simply not be able to handle it.  It would grind to a halt.
So when we talk about scaling, we are talking about increasing the load.  Currently there is a clear bottleneck, and even the core developer recognize that there needs to be some solution to make bitcoin viable to the general public.  I  don't think its really up for debate any more.  Bitcoin just isn't as niche as it used to be, and a lot of people would like to see crypto currency become the norm... and its actually starting to succeed.
I think a lot of vitriol in the community is due to the fact that they want cryptocurrency (notably bitcoin) to become more viable... they just don't agree how.  Really, they want mostly the same thing, they just disagree on the details.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 21:45:23
BCH and large blocks don't solve the problem either... just changes the problem and relieves some short term pressure.  Either way it looks like we are currently on course for some centralization, unless something changes (IMO).
@_date: 2017-11-10 18:24:58
I don't know, it sort of seems like there is an acceptance that something needs to change now.
I think the scalability problem is somewhat serious.  Larger blocks kick the problem down the road, and can lead to different scalability problems in the future (space/size constraints).  I'm not entirely convinced the lightning network is going to solve all the problems either.  I think this could quickly lead to centralization.
I sort of feel like none of the solutions being presented are good enough... and this is why there is such contention.    
@_date: 2017-11-10 21:44:11


Secure money is useless if its hard to spend.  If you want a virtual currency instead of a virtual commodity, you need the ability for it to work like fiat money. 
What you are describing, where you don't care about transactions,  is a virtual commodity.  Its like buying and holding gold instead of USD.  That's fine and all, but I think a large percentage of bitcoin users don't want a commodity, they want a currency. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 21:57:59




Its funny, because that is how I got into bitcoin.  I used it to buy stuff. 
I think currently there are a good portion of people using bitcoin as investment vehicle.  They just want bitcoin to go up in value, and have no need to use it.  The thing is though, if it never becomes possible to use the bitcoin to complete transactions, its basically just a pyramid scheme.  Those who get in before max saturation make money, and those who get in last are stuck holding bitcoin, that does absolutely nothing.  Its a system that relies on other people wanting to buy bitcoin for the sake of buying bitcoin... its almost impossible for bitcoin to continue to retain value this way.
However, if you can perform transactions with it easily, then the people aren't holding worthless digital tokens, they are holding something that can be exchanged for goods or services.  The ability to use it as a currency will also help those holding it as an investment, since it will have more mainstream appeal and use.  
@_date: 2017-11-10 22:11:55
I don't think you are following here. I'm talking about the lightning network.  This could easily become decentralized, and I guarantee there will be *higher than anticipated* fees associated with it... 
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:24:36


You confusing a network topology with the practical application of the  technology.  
Just because a network is peer to peer, from a network connectivity standpoint, doesn't mean that you can't have a large corporation running the majority of nodes.  
Anyone can mine bitcoin, right?  Do we have  an even distribution of bitcoin miners, or do we have a few bitcoin mining corporations doing the majority of the work?  The same can apply to the lightning network nodes. Yes its peer to peer, but it doesn't mean that the majority of nodes won't be run by corporations. I feel like you are ignoring this on purpose.
In fact, you need to show why this can't happen, because if the same companies who ran the miner operations also controlled the resources for the lightning network, its literally game over.
