@_author: pretentiousername
@_date: 2019-07-07 21:17:50
I believe him when he's saying he's not buying because he doesn't know what its real value is and I love it because a little later he describes the 'real crisis' that can potentially come out of the central banks pumping currency into the market to try and create inflation when productivity is driving in the opposite direction. Give him time and 2 + 2 will give him the answer he needs to get on board.
These guys have enough not to worry about FOMO. He 'realises it's something they need to account for' meaning as and when (or if from their perspective) it (or something else) gets to the next level of network effect and it is more clear to them what its value is, they'll be in. All good, no rush!
@_date: 2019-07-07 22:18:20
...especially if you have a low wallet balance (or that your unspent outputs are low value). It may not be this time or the next but at one point, we'll get to the last time those balances can be moved on-chain so best move them now whilst you can.
I find this to be one of the troubling things about the fee market model because once we've cleared (or got near clearing) the mempool for the last time, we will in practice have taken out of the available bitcoin total all those below a certain value having the same effect as lost private keys i.e. increasing the value of the coins left in circulation.
@_date: 2019-07-02 20:53:23
BTC is without doubt the first to move from the wallet from which you're intending to separate your forked coins.
However, the decision to move your BCH next isn't as straightforward. BSV doesn't have replay protection meaning if you try next to send your BCH before actively splitting off the BSV you may find you've also inadvertently sent your BSV - and if that's straight to an exchange BCH address, you may not get it back! So whatever you think of these forks, it may be worth learning enough about them split safely.
Then you can decide how much of each to keep as the forked coin, sell for fiat or (as 99% of people here would advocate) 'dump' them all for BTC :)
@_date: 2019-07-08 22:04:27
OK, so let's play this one out...
If BTC price goes up such that the previously unmovable unspent outputs are spendable, is it fair also to assume that there has been an increase in the numbers of people holding bitcoin, more wallets and more unspent transactions across the board including a whole load of new low value ones? ...then the fees increase again such as those (likely a larger number than the first time) get priced out too and so on and so forth. I'm not hearing yet how this resolves the issue?
@_date: 2019-06-18 15:49:13


Rather a bold claim. Anything to substantiate it or is this faulty reasoning based on price?
@_date: 2019-06-19 05:47:33
I don't know if you were intending to respond to another post but my point was only regarding the claim about pre-fork owners which I suspected (later proved - see airgapped_mattress's response) was based on a misunderstanding of the way markets work.
@_date: 2019-06-19 06:10:54
Thanks for taking the trouble to carry this through with airgapped_mattress. I was going to but you got in ahead of me. As it happened, he doubled down on his ignorance and ignored the valid points you were making.
I don't think your final paragraph helped with clarity but that his response to it is is as it is leads me to suspect he was being obtuse from the start and that his intention was to have others believe the false claim.
It is an inconvenient truth for many post-fork BTC maximalists (and those who dumped 100% of their BCH) that a substantial proportion of pre-fork bitcoiners don't have all their eggs in the Segwit / small block basket as they do.
@_date: 2019-06-19 06:54:47


Just a technical correction in that it wasn't a replay issue (all BCH implementations at the time having incorporated replay protection). It was people accidentally sending BCH to Segwit addresses.
@_date: 2019-06-19 05:50:22
Again, not sure if you were intending to respond to a different comment! To question the bold claim that 95% of pre-fork BTC owners dumped their BCH isn't to claim BCH is great.