@_author: prhacks
@_date: 2014-10-03 05:58:23
Hi Bitcoin Reddit Community, 
This is James Bang ( a volunteer at the main supply station &amp; covering the Umbrella Revolution live from the frontlines for Bitcoiners at the World Crypto Network in Occupy Hong Kong. 
I received a tweet yesterday asking to create a Bitcoin wallet for Occupy Hong Kong Democracy Movement (The Decentralized Revolution). 
Thank you for the amazing support we already have 0.21 BTC donated. 
On Sunday October 3rd I will document &amp; deliver medical supplies to the frontlines &amp; upload the footage to World Crypto Network YouTube channel. 
The official Occupy Hong Kong Bitcoin address: 123mbDdfn6fo1aNhowFTDFahqvx6DU9KiC 
We are sincerely touched by your support &amp; it keeps us fighting strong! 
Thank you to everyone here at Reddit for supporting Hong Kong. 
Within minutes of posting I was contacted by a fellow Reddit member Jackcliu,
a Bitcoiner from California who used to live in Hong Kong.
Together we brainstormed how we could best use the donations.
I have been volunteering for 5 days now on the frontline &amp; what I seen is that
there are plenty of fruits &amp; biscuits but very little 'real' food.
What I would like to propose is that we buy 'proper' hot meals for volunteers, &amp; students sitting in the front lines risking their lives.
We love Dim Sum in Hong Kong &amp; I think it would be a really pleasant surprise to the volunteers &amp; dedicated students on the frontline.
The average Dim Sum price is around USD$3
Currently the donations are at $81 which can feed exactly 27 volunteers &amp; students.
$3000 will feed 1,000 volunteers &amp; students.
I will video the Dim Sum purchase &amp; distribution to all those at the frontlines.
Please use  &amp; 
Thank You Again
James (PrHacks)
@_date: 2014-10-06 16:57:32
Important Update: Please stop all donations to the current wallet. I have been pick pocketed here in the protest and the wallet is on MyCelium. I will create a new multi sig wallet with 2 other World Crypto Network members.  There is currently 3.71 btc in the current wallet. I will put 4btc to the new multisig wallet to show the community my sincereity. My phone is password protected so they cant spend it whoever stole my phone at the protest. Thank you for understanding.