@_author: prillin101
@_date: 2015-08-18 20:24:22


The central bank hits the brakes every single time inflation passes 2% unless we are in a recession, false statement to suggest inflation is uncontrollable. It gets uncontrollable only during hyper inflation, which can only be reached with sustained periods of high inflation.


Entirely voided because it relies on the premise inflation is uncontrollable and hyper inflation is inevitable.


Modern monetary policy is a relatively recent phenomenon created by Milton Friedman, the policies done by old fiat currencies before him is entirely irrelevant, and the late 20th and early 21st century monetary policy of developing nations is irrelevant, none of them use the monetary policy championed and used by the Euro and the USA, of which the USA's is almost quadrupled the life span of the "expected fiat life span" (Gold backed American currency effectively ended during FDR's presidency and de jure ended by Nixon, the fact this blogger doesn't know that suggests his incompetence and lack of understanding of currency economics) and there is no evidence of any sudden change or hyper inflation, voiding the idea there is some invisible and invincible wall that all fiat currencies will hit.


The fact that fiat currencies loss their value over hundred of years is a common scare tactic used by anti-fiat's, however they have never shown any evidence that this is relevant for anyone that hasn't lived since 1644. When you net decouple, compensation has tracked both productivey and inflation, meaning this is irrelevant to the common person because they make more money than inflation by a comfortable margin and that inflation has actually declined since the 
1960's, so that means some explosion in the right of inflation is impossible without the central bank causing it.


The logic here is that because early 1900's countries used early 1900's monetary policy, modern and advanced monetary policy is doomed to kill fiat currency. You can't use history as an example unless we are still using the same methods of the past, which we are not.


Without him noticing, this person just admitted that inflation is caused by the government, not some unstoppable effect caused by fiat currency in general. He suggests that the government leaders cause inflation, not fiat currency in the essence (Which is true, as inflation is a phenomenon caused by monetary policy). So the conclusion is simple, as long as the people are politically active and the central bank is intelligent (Which, under Bernanke and now Yellen, is undoubtedly true), inflation is not intrinsic to fiat currency. 
That was a pretty shitty blog post.
@_date: 2015-08-18 16:02:31


Care to explain? I don't know of any seasoned economist that believes fiat is a problem, compared to the utter stupidity of a gold or silver backed currency.
@_date: 2015-08-18 17:22:20
Source? And by "given enough time," do you mean a decade, a century, a millennium, how many years?
@_date: 2015-08-18 23:54:36
Thanks for the link anyways, I needed material for it was getting slow there this week.
@_date: 2015-08-18 19:40:41
Again, source?