@_author: primal100
@_date: 2017-12-19 18:45:27
Not exactly. You won't be able to spend the coins anywhere else until the channel is closed (otherwise, how would the network avoid double spends where the user decides to spend the same inputs on multiple channels?). And if the channel is opened and closed on every transaction any benefits would be lost (actually it would be worse because you would be writing to the blockchain twice for each single transaction). The efficiency gains come after three transactions are made between two parties. So it will have to be visible to the user. How much funds they want to lock up, when to close the channels and so on.
I don't see how you can make off-chain invisible to the user while still keeping the efficiency gains. No way for a wallet to auto detect which payment channels to set up.
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:03:43
I don't think everyone will have to run their own nodes. But everyone will need to choose a node they trust to act as an intermediary who they open a payment channel with. The intermediary can route their request to other intermediaries and finally addresses attached to those intermediaries.
So it will work a bit like internet routing and will help to make it invisible to the end user.
I think a small a bit of trust is ok if it helps Bitcoin to scale. You can quickly move to another intermediary if you are unhappy with your own one.
Even today people building e-commerce site tend to use and trust centralised block explorers rather than run full nodes and it still runs ok.
The big risk might be government pressure on the intermediaries to log IP addresses. But even today government can easily find out the IPs of most people broadcasting transactions simply by running bitcoin miners.
@_date: 2017-12-09 09:13:10
Is it possible you just bashed some keys, for me when I do that they usually they have a pattern on the left part of the keyboard:
@_date: 2017-05-14 23:03:15
This is only for the three addresses we know about (which appeared in newspaper reports). There could be dozens of addresses.