@_author: pringleprine
@_date: 2017-05-27 23:59:40
But this was all in the context of how the variance factors into the real world decision of an investing strategy. If its something that determines your investing strategy, it should be significant (and you did say "much more risk" in your original comment), so I think you're underestimating how insignificant it is. These are not just slightly correlated RVs, the price at one time is *extremely* correlated to the price at the next, so the effect you're describing is almost completely eliminated (the effect you're describing works only to the extent that they are uncorrelated). The smoothing out of the cyclical effect on the other hand is a significant way in which DCA reduces variance.
@_date: 2017-05-27 23:25:45
But the difference in correlation between different industries (because of the economy as a whole) vs bitcoin in 5 months and bitcoin in 6 months (which is the just same asset at a different time) is absolutely huge. Everything happens to some extent theoretically, what matters is what is significant. The reduction in variance from taking multiple random variables and averaging is completely proportional to the correlation between those variables. So you're right that its a quantitative difference not a qualitative one, but its significant enough to say that they're different things. The most significant source of variance reduction from DCA comes from the removing of seasonal components of the risk (assuming there is one), not the averaging of multiple random variables.
@_date: 2017-05-27 23:11:19
The problem is that one of the assumptions for "picking a random value several times and averaging it reduces variance." is that the random variables can't be correlated (see assumptions of central limit theorem, which is essentially what you're describing). So when ETFs diversify, they have a portfolio with relatively low net correlation because there's lots of different industries. 
On the other hand with DCA, you're looking at the correlation between the price of btc in 5 months vs the price of btc in 6 months vs the price of btc in 7 months etc, very highly correlated (not perfectly correlated though so it might theoretically reduce risk a small amount). 
A scenario/reason why DCA could reduce risk is if the net correlations for the change in price over time turns out to be zero, for example if you have a price with cyclical/seasonal fluctations, the DCA could smooth out the curve. Even though bitcoins seem to go up and down a lot I don't think its fair to assume that it's cyclical, since historically its gone up a lot more than down (and there doesn't seem to be a period of 2 years either)
@_date: 2017-05-28 00:31:40
Well if you're just explaining a theoretical concept you should state the necessary assumptions (that the variables should be uncorrelated), especially if the example you're using to demonstrate it doesn't satisfy the assumptions very well.