@_author: princesscollegefund
@_date: 2017-12-11 11:33:50
I have “moderate” CFS/ME — I’m housebound and struggling to work 10 hours a week to avoid bankruptcy at 26. 
It sucks, it’s a super shitty life, and somehow I’m one of the lucky ones because I’m confined to an apartment rather than a room or bed. I’m lucky I CAN leave our apartment, even if I need someone with me to do it. I’m lucky to have a partner who takes great care of me, and who doesn’t mind pushing his girlfriend in a wheelchair.
But I wish I was still at “mild” — able to work outside the home, even if part time. I exercised at a doctor’s insistence in October of 2015, and I was bedbound for several weeks, living on smoothies because I physically couldn’t chew food. It’s been over two years and I still haven’t recovered from two weeks of acting like I wasn’t sick, like the doctor told me to. 
We need so many more bodies behind research, so it can move faster and get us back to our lives sooner — and money, something patients generally don’t have, is really the only thing that can help do that. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 20:54:05
Eh, Canada.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:53:50
Another ME/CFS patient here. 
Notice my username? It’s because I’ve considered doing online sex work as a last resort to avoid having to file bankruptcy— at 26 — because I got sick my last year of university and still have to pay back mountains of student debt I thought I’d be able to work full time or more to pay back. 
I was healthy until I wasn’t (never fully recovered from a flu), and I never expected I’d become disabled right out of university. Had I known this would happen to me, I would have forgone education in favour of working for those 5 years so I’d be able to access disability support. At this point I’ve never actually taken payment for sex work, because I managed to find a job I can just barely manage at 10 hours a week from home. 
Here in Canada, it’s estimated that up to 2% of our entire population could be affected by this disease, yet there is no support from our government or medical system. A large donation to the OMF could make a difference in the lives of millions of people on a global scale. 
I hope anyone reading this will understand I’ve told this story the way I have to show how difficult and desperate life with ME/CFS can get (suicide is a big killer among our patient group), not to try and gain personally from my “sob story.” Thanks!
@_date: 2017-12-14 14:16:08
Sooooo the deal with my student loan issues is basically two-pronged.
1) In order for my loans to be discharged due to my health, Canada needs me to be “severely and permanently disabled” — a doctor (if I even had a family doctor, my province has a severe shortage and this adds to my difficulties) needs to certify I’ll never be able to work again. That 10 hours a week I struggle and suffer to work might automatically make it a no-go. 
2) My boyfriend and I are not committing fraud like most people who live together do. I have a friend whose loans were erased because she still says she’s single even though she and her boyfriend have lived together like 5 years, and the government considers you common-law after one year. It’s not that we didn’t want to do what everyone else does, it’s that I got audited and didn’t feel comfortable doing it under those circumstances. So while I’ve been housebound since 2015 and for over a year had zero personal income, the government considered my boyfriend’s income as well and so I had to keep making payments. 
The fact that we couldn’t escape common-law is why I can’t access any disability support whatsoever, because my boyfriend’s income is considered too high, even though he really wouldn’t be able to cover both our bills no matter how hard he tried. 
In a lot of countries, disabled people have to choose between any independence at all or having a partner — Canada is unfortunately one of them.
Also student loans don’t go anywhere when you file bankruptcy here. It’s a shitshow. 