@_author: prismicideforbitcoin
@_date: 2014-05-09 15:17:32
We were deceived by other vaporware projects (no name needed), and we recently publish the video and annoucment because we already pass many steps and know it will become real soon... 
We made another thread where we answered about that kind of concern and we'll answer every questions there... 
FYI, Kyle Torpey from Cryptocoins News just released an article on the project :
In Bitcoin we Trust !
@_date: 2014-05-10 04:01:18
We DO want to use it on a day to day basis, I am sure in the near future, when we'll demonstrate the portable personal reader with known mobile and desktop software wallets... it will make sens to many people... at least we'll do our best to do so as we are thinking the solution for day-to-day use not just for merchant... but as all is open source and open hardware, people will be able to fork their own vision of the project. 
We want to become an open standard.
@_date: 2014-05-10 14:13:52
The platform is open source. The Bitcoin smart card application will be open source. We picked Bitcoin as a first example (and because several people in the team -including me- are Bitcoin users) but any motivated developer will be able to adapt the application to another crypto-currency.
@_date: 2014-05-07 20:58:42
Thanx for your kind words, feel free to spread the word !
@_date: 2014-05-09 15:05:22
First, thanx for your kind comment !
We made another special thread for this :
and Kyle Torpey just released an article about the project :
...but let's answer here quickly too :
For now, you can't buy one, we are still working on the personal reader part of the project and will probably go to a crowdfunding campaign on indiegogo.com next week after a Raspberry Pi based prototype showcase at Bitcoin 2014 even in Asmsterdam, to accelerate the global availability...
We are a [group of smart card and embedded security experts]( and we are not starting this project from nothing. Part of the team is composed by the same guys between btchip.com and hardwarewallet.com, that are already available for now but are slightly more difficult to use.
We are Bitcoin serious fans (as a whole technology, not "just" the crypto-currency) so we are committed to make this real quickly...