@_author: priteeboy
@_date: 2017-08-30 07:37:38
I clicked on this thread because I was considering getting in on it myself too, and was wondering about investing that much (though in Australian dollars) I'd be willing to give it a shot, spend the money, and while losing it would be disappointing - for me it wouldn't exactly destroy my day to day life. It's just all the other stuff that seems lost on me - just finished watching video's for beginners on mining, calculating, trading, etc but I'm not sure I "get it" enough to risk dropping $1000 into Bitcoin even though my mind is telling me that every day I wait is going to make it harder. I'm almost tempted to "buy now, research later" but I'm not sure if that's a good idea :/
@_date: 2017-08-31 06:56:49
Coinbase was going to be my first choice until I found out about the Ledgers. I suppose if that would be "good for a month" at least then I could probably get it sooner and transfer later, I'd just be losing a bit of sleep knowing I might have a few thousand sitting in it until late September when the Ledger is apparently going to arrive.
I think I'll have one copy of my passphrase inside the house, and another somewhere in the garden (got a bit of yard space with plenty of spots only I know about lol)
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:25:39
I was actually thinking about other investments too. I was wondering if there was any good website that they might be listed on. *Someone* finds out about these things when they're new - I had no idea Bitcoin even existed until last year and have only started seriously considering it this week. I wondered how on earth those first few investors who *weren't* connected to the creators found out about it when practically no one knew about it. And what investments are out there right now, in their first months - that could be big one day but nobody knows they exist yet.
@_date: 2017-08-31 01:38:14
Indeed I'd probably be much more inclined to learn more about it once I'm actually invested, and even if it's not "for me" it'll be sweet just having tat investment there.
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:13:07
I could *probably* put in around 5k at the most. Right now I got all that plus more sitting in my savings, not really being planned on anything (not doing any major renovations, not going on any holidays, and I don't live a dangerous lifestyle so the odds of a medical emergency are slim)
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:34:50
Not being able to spend wouldn't bother me for now. If this ends up growing money then I ain't spending or sending anytime soon. But I'm assuming I can still move it out into another wallet down the line if I decide I *do* want to spend?
Oh those hardware wallets sound like a great idea (never heard anyone mentions those until now, I was actually wondering if a USB was a viable option) To me - the combination of security *and* convenience would be worth the cost, especially if I end up spending a few thousand. Now I'm wondering how long could I safely keep any Bitcoin I invest in today/tomorrow before getting one of those into my home. Unless I find a local store that has them, I'd have to order online, which means days lost to shipping and handling.
@_date: 2017-08-31 05:09:16
Good. I just ordered one right now, once I get it set up I'm off to get me some Bitcoin (and would probably be back to this subreddit to figure out what to do next since I'm a noob lol)
@_date: 2017-08-31 01:37:25
That's great advice. I remember reading (and watching video's) about wallet types recently. Paper wallet sounds the most secure to me - I'm guessing that involves me just writing down the details on an actual piece of paper and storing it somewhere safe (I really should have remembered it from just a couple of days ago) Since I only have the one computer which I use for pretty much everything (mainly just my design work + general internet and social media stuff) I do have a proper (paid) anti-virus program though, for what it's worth.
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:11:40
I think I like this option the most so far. It seems "easier" to understand and the perfect compromise between the convenience of a software wallet and the security of a paper wallet (I'd probably write down the words on at least two separate pieces of paper and hide them separately in case something happens to one)
@_date: 2017-08-31 01:40:27
Holy shit, really? I can wait 7 years for a few million if it's really going that way. Beats working for another 40! (still young, long way away from retirement age) If anyone else is this confident in it I might even put in a little more (I'll wait a bit and see if anyone comes up with a reason not to that doesn't just revolve around me losing the investment - I would not invest more than I could stand to lose)
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:10:05
Yikes! I my heart rate jumped up just *reading* about that accidental deletion. I know how it feels - I've had creative projects I worked on for weeks accidentally getting deleted and it's like hearing that someone in the family died! Lucky for me, like you - there's the recycle bin. 
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:12:02
Thnaks for the link. I'm guessing one has to print out their wallet or order the "pack" shown there, I was originally under the assumption that (doing this primitively here) I could write down all the details on a piece of paper and keep it somewhere. I gotta admit that storing them online sounds a lot easier, too bad it's easier for hackers.
I do have a paid license for Avast computer security which has given me the option of storing my passwords for lots of things on it which I haven't gone through with yet. I wonder if that would be good enough to justify storing them online. But then someone mentioned that if you computer blows you could lose it (damn, so many opportunities for things to go wrong)
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:23:09
Fair point, this is reddit after all and I've hand an hour to settle down and question the legitimacy of the comment. I do consider it idealistic, but maybe possible in a best-case scenario. Even if it didn't get that high, anything that led to me having more than what I started with would be "good enough".
I think I was just blinded by dollar signs in my excitement to get things started. But fortunately not so blinded that I didn't stop and get some advice and opinions here first. I can wait a day or two before deciding for sure, but I'm reluctant to give it weeks.
@_date: 2017-08-31 06:33:43
*End* of September? Aww man, hope I can still afford to invest a decent amount in a month them. My ultimate goal is to eventually have one full Bitcoin (even if just to satisfy my OCD side) 
I think the Ledger comes with a piece of paper specifically for that. But I'll certainly write up another copy of my own just in case. I think I'd better subscribe to this subreddit now so I can learn what I can while waiting for it to arrive (and so I don't "get over it" by the time it does)
@_date: 2017-08-30 15:01:59
For an Aussie like me, one Bitcoin right now is worth $5754 (just checked as I was typing this comment) Phew! If I were to sink that much in it would be the most expensive purchase I made (not including the house I'm in) even my crappy car is worth less than that lol. Though I must say it is tempting, I have ben frugal with my money over the past couple of years and could technically invest even that much without suffering too badly if it were to be lost. Though I'd have a lot of explaining to do if my family found out.
No matter how much I buy, I'd definitely only be doing it for investment purposes since I don't think I'd have any real time for trading, mining or regularly "getting involved", especially between what can sometimes be entire weeks of little more than work and rest - doesn't leave me with much willpower to do anything that requires too much thought at the end of the day. That I fear could be my undoing - as I heard you get nothing if you just buy them and "sit on it".
@_date: 2017-08-31 02:36:06
I think that's what I'm going to do - Buy now before they go up even more and then learn all the details afterwards when I'm not pressured to get in on time. First I'll need to decide what kind of wallet to go with since some are suggesting paper wallets, but for someone like me who doesn't have convenient access to a (non shared/public) printer that might be a bit of a drawback.
@_date: 2017-08-31 06:16:51
I'm glad to see this bit of advice right after deciding to do just that - means I made the right choice based on the collective responses I got here, and seeing yours add to it afterwards helps validate my decision. Just ordered a Ledger an hour ago - hope it doesn't take too long to arrive!
@_date: 2017-08-31 04:30:57
Hmm, I might save myself the headache and get the hardware wallet first. Now would be a really good time since the Australian online dealer for the Ledger Nano S is due to start shipping the latest ones out tomorrow so hopefully if I order later tonight I could get it within a week if they're already in my country. I'd be willing to wait that extra if it means a little more security and a little less work, since I probably would be buying a significant amount (maybe more than what would equate to $1000 USD)
Thanks for the heads up about copy-pasting. I wonder if just typing the address in manually when it's needed would do (sounds tedious, but again, if it gives me peace of mind it's worth it)
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:55:55
That video helped a bit. I had no idea what this "blockchain" thing was until i saw it, though admittedly for a gen Y guy - I'm surprisingly not tech savvy (don't even really use my phone for anything more than a phone) so I still naturally feel like I shouldn't participate in something if I can't fully comprehend it.
Then again, I'd be buying only for investment purposes anyway. I'd in the meanwhile still be using traditional currency to pay for things, so I'm not sure if that would have any significance here.
@_date: 2017-08-31 03:20:18
I gotta admit I'm taking that 7 million figure with a grain of salt, knowing that is a near idealistic "best case scenario" and that it might not be worth *that* much. But on the other hand - with limited Bitcoins to go around, far less than there are people, I also think that's going to make them valuable.
@_date: 2017-08-31 06:52:58
This is a good question, I'm going to (reluctantly) wait a month before I buy any Bitcoin, mainly because I want to get my Ledger first so I can go straight into it knowing I'm safe, but when the time comes I was thinking about buying the same amount as you - half of one, and maybe more soon after if I feel comfortable with the experience, and like you - I'm hoping it'll be enough to have some fuck you money lol. I don't want a shed with eight supercars in it (one would be enough ;)) I just wanna be making enough off it some day to have the freedom to quit my soul-sucking job and not worry about money.
@_date: 2017-11-27 09:32:36
I was gonna buy one whole Bitcoin back in August but I just couldn't get any wallet online to work out for me. I'm not tech-savvy and every attempt I made to verify an account just led me to a dead-end (got close until I had to upload a photo of my license to complete an account, which did nothing upon trying it repeatedly) at that point after trying for hours I gave up with the realization that if I couldn't make it past the wallet verifying phase then I probably don't understand enough about this stuff to invest what was at the time around $4k.
Yep, I feel even stupider now. Thanks past me for not figuring it out back when I could have been able to afford a whole coin.
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:17:04
Is that the same as downloading a wallet? It was a while back but I remember downloading and installing something. I just couldn't actually get the bitcoin without hitting some hurdle I couldn't overcome (especially stuff that requires smartphones since I still do all my internet stuff on a PC)
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:14:19
I think it was the providing ID part I got stuck on. After trying a few I think I got furthest with Coinjar (an Australian cryptocurrency host, if that's the right word for it) but could never successfully upload an ID image via my phone or computer (honestly I prefer using my computer for everything if I can) Maybe I was just too distracted by the hype to really know what I was doing.
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:22:28
I didn't realize that coinbase was really for the Americans after trying too frustratingly long with it lol. I tried an Australian one but copped out when it came to trying to upload my license but just being stuck on an infinite blank page after each attempt.
@_date: 2017-09-01 14:32:24
Same. I was wanting to get in on this earlier this week and had no idea how much trouble I'd have just getting to a point where I could buy Bitcoin. In the mere days I've wasted on this it's gone up by almost another thousand in my currency (Australian Dollars)
@_date: 2017-09-01 14:34:20
Oh good another Australian - I would have bought one last week but now 6k AUD just seems a little over the threshold for what I'd be willing to spend (I really wanted at least one whole coin and not just a portion of it) That's like a whole month at my shitty job (the main reason I wanted to invest in this, so if it pays off I'd be free from said shit job)
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:14:29
Now I'm thinking just buy 0.5 of a Bitcoin, and if it falls again soon buy the remaining half.
I'll look into the other currencies too, but Bitcoin just feels like "the big dog" I want to take out first lol.
@_date: 2017-09-02 07:39:47
'Nother example of being ripped off just for being Australian.
@_date: 2017-09-01 15:13:27
Australian here - been trying to buy my first Bitcoin for a few days now and keep having doubts about which wallet to use and which merchant to buy from (Coinbase I couldn't even get past the ID verification bit so I gave up on that and now am trying out Blockchain) Seeing this is killing me right now. Congrats to you guys who already had one though. I'd be happy too!
@_date: 2017-09-03 09:22:16
That's what stopped me in my tracks when I attempted to buy my first Bitcoin several days ago. The ID upload thing just wans't working for me and after an hour or two of on-again, off-again attempts I just said "fuck this" and gave up.
Still have no Bitcoin since I ran into dead-end sin other places too (I have yet to dig up all the information I need, I really thought it was going to be as easy any any other online purchase I've made)