@_author: prl1975au
@_date: 2014-07-15 13:05:50
FYI people.
Hi Anna,
The KNC News Miner update about the two bonus miners, ( and also the email which is quote below, never implied or stated that the Neptune Two for one program was in any way a form of compensation for miners which were delivered late. 
I quote directly “We understand that the math's involved in ASIC product deployment has to make financial sense in an ever-increasing hash rate race. In order to increase value for KnC customers we are adding one extra Neptune miner to each pre-ordered Neptune in batch one and batch two. These bonus machines will be sourced from our batch three production run which is scheduled to ship in August.” – and further more that “If you're a pre-order Neptune batch one or two customer you don't need to take any extra action to receive these additional miners and we are covering all shipping costs as well. You’ll receive info on when and how those bonus miners will be delivered well before the shipment date.”
Therefore the terms which KNC is quoting under section 2.2 of the KNC Cloud Mining Terms do not apply in any way to the afore mentioned promise to the two for one program as the word “compensation” is not applied and no other word or synonym is either used. 
Compensation is defined as something, typically money awarded to someone in recognition of loss, suffering or injury. 
 I read all of the terms applied to the KNC Cloud Hashing Terms and fully understood that, the online hashing was provided as the only compensation for the late shipment of miners that were ordered. There is absolutely no mention of the cloud hashing extinguishing or superseding the two for one program. 
Knc never stated anywhere in either the news for it’s two for one program, or the cloud hashing terms, that the two extra miners were provided as a form of compensation and, therefore under the definition which defines section 2.2 of the KNC Cloud hashing agreement, I make submissions to KNC that the two for one program cannot be extinguished or superseded under section 2.2 of the KNC Cloud hashing agreement.
With regard to the afore mentioned, I expect that KNC should honour it’s agreement for the two for one program and ship the two extra miners as originally promised to me.
Please reply within 5 business days,  your decision on whether to provide me with the two bonus miners as promised, so I may make a decision as to how I should go forwards from here. 
Thank You
Mr Paul...
From: Anna [mailto:info 
Sent: Monday, 14 July 2014 9:20 PM
To: 
Subject: [kncminer] Re: RE: KnCMiner Newsletter
 Please type your reply above this line -
Your request (28398) has been updated. To add additional comments, reply to this email.
Anna (kncminer) 
Jul 14 13:19 
Hello Paul, 
It is only one type of compensation applied per order. Either hosted hashing or bonus miner.
You chose hosted hashing, therefore, promotion of bonus miner will not be applied. 
"2.2. If the purchaser of the Products (referred to as the Customer) accepts KnCMiner’s offer and connects to KnCMiner’s Mining Services, **the Customer automatically accepts that these General Terms shall apply for the provided Mining Services and that the Mining Services provided by KnCMiner shall constitute the Customer’s sole and only compensation due to the delay of the Products and shall supersede and extinguish all prior agreements relating to compensation for the delayed Products**. " 
Best regards  |
Med vänlig hälsning 
Anna Jagdhar 
Office: +46 8559 253 20 
