@_author: probablyawaffle
@_date: 2018-01-25 18:00:36
That's a stupid argument. Yes, we dig holes, but we dig wholes for a lot of things. We strip mine for the materials used to make solar panels, stupid holes and their helping us move to better  energy sources.
Let's just look at stability. Gold last year started at around 1100~. 
Right now it's sitting at 1352, which is it's high over the last year. Cool to know. Generall it keeps around the 1.2-1.5k area. In the past five years it's low was just over 1000. So generally, for investing, it's relatively consistent.
Bitcoin started last year at around $935. Had a really good year, peaked at $19,343. In just over a month it dropped down to 10,965. It's lost more value in one month than gold has in 5 year. Companies are pulling out of accepting Bitcoin because of how unstable it is as a currency. On top of all of that, it's constantly under blast from government because it is a payment method used by criminals to purchase high quality, very potent and dangerous drugs in an almost completely untraceable form, and they are aware of that. They want to regulate it, they want it to devalue. 
I'm going with the currency that has a physical weight to it, bitcoins are imaginary money, they hold no physical value. A million different variables can instantly crush the bitcoin market, as we've seen in literally the last month alone. 
You can live in your fantasy world where you think it's the superior investment, and fuck it might have made you a great amount of money. And that's cool. But for real world long term investing, I'm going to go ahead and stick with the products that don't have the possibility of tanking 6k in a week. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 16:20:59
I'm sorry, but no, bitcoin is not better than Gold. You know what still has value if all of sudden the power sphere of the world were to fail? Gold. 
Bitcoin is cool and all, great for purchasing drugs online and what not. But if I'm looking at actually investing in a stable product that doesn't fluctuate sporadically at any point in time, I'm picking gold over bitcoin any fucking day of week. 
Lets say your travelling through africa for a worldly experience, please tell me which of these two would provide you with a better experience in less technologically inclined locations. Bitcoin, or Gold. I'll wait... shouldn't be that hard to answer. 
Note: 8 Hours later and no one has been able to determine what's more valuable? The short answer is Gold. 
@_date: 2018-01-25 16:59:21
You vastly overestimate how much gold you would need to travel through Africa comfortably. 
Just to clarify, 1 ounce of Gold in africa is worth $16,135.11 zar. You can buy a house in East Africa with one ounce.  One pound is all you would need to comfortably take a tour of Africa. How much does one pound of Bitcoin ge... Oh wait nevermind. 
Don't get me wrong, I enjoy bitcoin. It's great for buying very hard to obtain typically illegal things. You know, what it was essentially created for to begin with. A discrete untraceable way to buy things that would otherwise be nearly impossible to get. But as a long-term investment or something that is reliable in a worst case scenario if let's say the power goes out, it's pretty useless. 