@_author: probow
@_date: 2018-05-27 00:22:00
Well thats why I posted the links. Its completely covered, if anything happens to your ASIC, your investment is protected by the pool of miners. Repairs are completely free due to Bitmain being a short drive away.
There is much more info on the telegram, and the main site Elevategroup.io
@_date: 2018-05-25 20:48:32
Hey, not sure if anyone has heard of Elevate Group before but they just launched their new BTC Mining Service. Not cloud Mining, but a profit sharing service. Simply put, you buy 1 or 2 (maybe even 10!) ASIC Miners which should last you a few years and ElevateGroup manages it for you. Their mission is to be the most transparent and most profitable mining operation on the planet, and to give the investors a real opportunity to get involved in commercial Bitcoin Mining.
They have access to Electricity @ five and a half cents per KWH (.055 cents)
They put your ASIC on a livestream 24/7 and allows you to see how it is performing, its earnings, its hashrate, everything.
Two experienced groups (Baikal Mining and Amir Ness) came together for this project. They own a 20 Million Dollar, 10 Megawatt facility in Russia right down the road from Bitmain Repair center.
This is not their first BTC Mining operation, Baikal Mining is well seasoned in this field as is Amir Ness. They know that other profit sharing BTC Mining operations (Ambit Mining, Miner one, Ice Rock, etc.) take huge fees up front and don't mention a word about it, up to 35% of your investment before it ever sees contribution to the project.
ElevateGroup was established so that they could become the dominant Mining Service by offering the lowest fee that you can find on the market, 5% (less than 100$).  This makes mining for YOU, up to 30% more profitable just by working with ElevateGroup.
Elevate Group launched without tokenizing the project, meaning no ICO. This means no ICO regulations to keep people from investing. They do a straight investment-management agreement and give you monthly payouts from 80% of the profit pool. Most mining operations distribute payouts from 50% of the pool.
Elevate saw an opportunity to make Mining more attractive by being aggressively competitive with their pricing. You won't find lower fees. Give them a look, its worth some due diligence. The Site has all the information you want:
Also the Subreddit has good info and posts videos of the project frequently:
Here is a video of the two founders, talking about their joint venture:
@_date: 2018-05-27 12:50:11
We're updating the website and it will be up this week. We use btcc pool, it is the most expensive one but also the most stable one, right now the cost is 4%, we're testing slushpool and if that works, it will be lowered to 2%. Niber's should go for 2 - 3 years, as we don't overclock. That is part of mining risk. We are business people, so we would look at re-purposing the miner for something profitable. If you want to cancel, you can cancel at anytime, you must arrange to have the miner shipped and pay for shipping, we will prepare it, there is no long term contract. We are geared for long term mining with a view to scale, our main clients want to mine and hodl.