@_author: professorhousemdma
@_date: 2015-08-19 00:09:41
If you'd taken the time to read the review, you would have seen that there are people who have used Dave to regain access to accounts with $30-40,000 in coins.  There are reviews of Dave stretching back 3 years.  He also gives you step-by-step instructions on how to give him the information necessary to decrypt your wallet without allowing him to steal all your funds.  Dave isn't the only person in the world who does password retrieval, nor is the only one who does it for bitcoin wallets.  A lot of them are scammers, which is why I felt it was important to write a testimonial about Dave.  The thing is, if Dave steals even one person's wallet, then everyone will find out, and he'll never get another customer.  So it's far more lucrative for him to be honest and just keep his 20% fee, because that keeps business going.  For my part, all I'm doing is giving an honest and detailed account of events.  I'm sure you would expect me to do the exact same thing if he turned out to be a scammer.  
@_date: 2015-08-18 23:41:39
I didn't see anything wrong with him asking for me to write an honest review of his service.  He didn't say "go leave me great feedback on he just asked me if I wouldn't mind vouching for the fact that he could have wiped my wallet out and run off, but didn't.  It also wasn't part of his "payment," he asked, and I was more than happy to do so because it seemed like a win-win.  Dave gets more business, and more people who need their passwords decrypted are likely to use a guy who isn't going to rob them blind.  It's not like I'm misleading people, my review is 100% factual.  Dave's exact words were "If you'd be willing to write a review of walletrecoveryservices.com and post it online somewhere, it would be much appreciated...I'm trying to build a reputation and trust within the bitcoin community."  He wasn't pushy or demanding in the slightest, he just asked for honest feedback on his service, which seems perfectly reasonable when one is running a business predicated on trust.
@_date: 2015-08-18 22:21:05
If you'd actually read the review you would have seen that he transferred my coins to a wallet of my choosing as soon as he decrypted it.  I guess you were too busy being a faggot to get that far, though.  He asked me if I would be willing to write a review on I didn't have a problem with that because I knew I'd be pointing people in the right direction.  There aren't a ton of people with the integrity to give back $2800 knowing they could steal it and suffer zero repercussions.  Thanks to Dave I have close to 3 grand I had long since kissed goodbye.  So I am quite pleased with his services.  If writing a positive review of good service qualifies as spam, then flag away bitch.
@_date: 2015-08-18 21:27:03
He needed a copy of the actual wallet, and he needed information as to what the password MIGHT be.  For example, I told him what my intended password had been, and explained that my "a" key had gotten stuck, so I wasn't sure if this had resulted in each "a" stroke being doubled, tripled, etc.
If you look at his website, walletrecoveryservices.com, you'll actually see that there is a way for you to send him your wallet information so he can't steal your bitcoin even if he finds the password 