@_author: professornode
@_date: 2013-04-10 22:32:09
In my life I've encountered many people who flaunt their money and disregard social responsibility for the sake of ego. They impose moral control on other people and can control the mob mentality of people who are, for better or worse, simply unconcerned with anything beyond what is right in front of them and give no care for the future or have no sense of over-arching influences or multi-tiered morality structure complexes.
The problem here is not one man throwing money around like a baboon throwing golden shit, the problem is our education vs population ratios. We have an over-saturation of value divergence and we don't have a centralized global rating system. This is why bit-coins are amazing however, because your essentially making a unified currency across the globe that could theoretically eliminate a lot of debt and a ton of generations old absurd wealth structures that are slowly poisoning the potential of our entire race that often reach back before the lifelines of any currently living human being. Sadly, this will most likely fail as there are plenty of people who are willing to pay out whatever methods they can to eliminate people doing this to save their perches on top of a slowly rotting mountain of influence and power enforced by structures of fear and loss, and bit-coin is not the first nor will it be the last attempt at trying to unify beyond this extremely limited scale.  
But back to the thread at hand,
This whole thing immediately divided into two camps of have and have not tones overwhelming all other points of interest showing that if you want average people to start appreciating the evolution of concept, you need to eliminate the debts and processes that overwhelm their lives and make the concept of branching out into other areas of concern unappealing in the face of constant adversity. 
Until we can embrace this reality, we won't see a future we can all thrive in, and instead must continue to delve deeper into dark sarcasms and destructive criticisms for our own sanity's sake (not that this is a bad thing, it is literally prolonging survival and refining ideas in quality and delivery by being the norm). Simply put, a unified currency could help catch the world up with the progress the digital era is making. It can make the concept of the super information highway a greater glaring human necessity than ever before. Isolation would only ever be voluntary, we would be further along to a global image and, while currency is a mockery of human worth to a degree, in this format we could at least eliminate one of the key blockages in our globalization as a people. So, summarily, someone give me $2000.00 CAD as I need to pay off my credit debt thanks &lt;3
 
