@_author: profpeanuts
@_date: 2017-07-12 22:37:57
They're audited by multiple external organizations. Letting congress audit them too probably won't help, these days it seems like everything that congress touches is worse off for it 
@_date: 2017-07-13 03:29:40
I think you make some fair points. Though I think you could give the GAO a greater benefit of the doubt than the private companies, since what do they get out of a glowing audit? Also, if a private company is trying to deliver a specific outcome, it's generally because the individual, rather than the company, that hired them is looking for that result. Meaning, in many cases most or all of the senior leadership in the federal reserve system would need to want that outcome. The Fed is supposed to be removed from politics, so there's an incentive to throw each other under the bus and go public if somebody's hiding something awful. 
The biggest fault in the 2008 situation was the rating agencies, as far as I know, who gave inappropriately good ratings to bad securities. This is analogous to your point about Deloitte, etc., giving the outcome that their customer wanted instead of the truth. I think that lending standards are a separate issue from banks being "audited,"--the banks were able to package the bad mortgages and sell them as if they were packages of good mortgages, thanks to the rating agencies.
What illegal conduct do people think will be uncovered by an audit?  Don't things generally get investigated when they're suspected of something specific, e.g. Trump and Russia? Also I'm not sure who would conduct the audit: wouldn't we just be swapping in a new accounting expert for the ones that currently do the job? Who would have their own set of incentives?  
I appreciate the tone of this conversation by the way. This topic has a "tinfoil hat" veneer due to the way that some people talk about it, which means I've never taken it seriously before. 
@_date: 2017-07-12 18:54:00
Doesn't Deloitte usually perform the audit?
"Audit the Fed" is a different thing than "AuditING the Fed," no? 