@_author: progenyrpg
@_date: 2014-05-12 07:55:33
I think you mean one worse.  Libertarians don't like the system because it doesn't fit into a narrow conflation of economics and morality that they tend to have.
@_date: 2014-05-11 21:16:41
Do you have any interest in learning how the Fed works?  Because I could genuinely explain and perhaps the seeming contradiction of Bernanke's words would disappear.
@_date: 2014-05-12 07:48:12
No, they certainly have the misconception that the Fed "prints money."  Trust me on this one.
I mean-- they do print money literally, and you don't seem to even understand that.  It's just that what they print is mandated by the Treasury.  The Fed DOES technically print federal reserve notes; it doesn't actually "print money" though.
@_date: 2014-05-11 21:45:17
The fed does not have the ability to change the money supply.  They can't print money.  They do adminster over the money printing facilities, but what money they print is controlled by the U.S. treasury.
Ben Bernanke in these videos is talking about DEBT, not money.  Offering debt to someone is essentially printing money, because you're "creating" money that doesn't exist.  I tell the bank "I owe ya a million," so they're like "great; now let's give out a million dollars in loans and make interest off them!"  They loan that "money" to consumers, the consumers give that money to companies, et cetera-- but none of this was real money, it was all debt.  It was an I.O.U.-- bank balances being transferred between banks and showing up as "account balances" when you go check your "account balance."
That's kind of crazy in my opinion to think about, but there's cold hard facts about the matter that Libertarians don't usually like to talk about... For example, as long as nothing terrible happens (think: a run on the bank), this works fine, because everyone doesn't withdraw their money at once.  This is actually beneficial, because adding accessible loans adds REAL WEALTH to the system.  I can go out and start a business because loans are so cheap (because the money that I'm being loaned doesn't strictly speaking exist), but if all loans were denominated in real bills without fractional reserve banking, the loans would be much more expensive.
So essentially the fed combines two ideas: adding money to the bank system such that they can give out more loans, and also making sure that the disasters that make that a bad idea are less likely to happen-- for example, the FDIC insures bank balances so that customers don't have to worry about banks closing.
@_date: 2014-05-12 19:47:02
It's been a while since this was explained to me, but I believe the way it works is something like this: the Treasury pays for the Federal Reserve to operate the facilities that print bills.  They're owned/paid for by the Treasury, but the process is actually carried out by the Federal Reserve.  I'll try to find something explaining when I get home later today.
@_date: 2014-05-12 07:54:27
I really don't see the logic in you saying that the Fed "perpetuates" the boom and bust cycle.  It's pure emotion.  Here's some proof:
There's no evidence to support what you suggest.  Everyone hates bankers.  Who cares?  Show me the proof that the Federal Reserve has ruined our economy by supporting them, please.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:56:13
You're merely stating something, not providing reason for me to believe so.
If everyone spends money, real wealth is created.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:55:41
Nope.  The Treasury prints coins.
I have literally been inside several Federal Reserve buildings (including one that prints bills).  Trust me on this one.
@_date: 2014-05-11 23:24:20
Stephensonian mind-virus would have been a more applicable phrase, as Orwell didn't write about viral or memetic ideation but rather the authoritarian sort.
P.S. George Orwell was a socialist, stop invoking his name please-- he would have hated you.
@_date: 2014-05-11 23:59:17
Right, because *I'm* the guy here who hasn't read Orwell.  I typed nothing that could be remotely considered "Newspeak," so I'll go ahead and assume that you're just dropping references in lieu of testes.
Hey buddy, aren't you up a little bit late to be on Reddit?  Not because you're young-- I can see that you're an adult-- but because you've got to iron your blue collar and make your bed in preparation for tomorrow's work shift.
Fuck off, idiot.
@_date: 2014-05-12 07:57:34
Let's think about it like this... All value is made up, right?  Labor, gold, bitcoins, and slaves-- all these things are truly valueless but certain people want them.
If we can create something that people want, we've added real wealth to the system.  Sometimes that can come back to bite us if everyone wants the stuff that they "have" because we've created nonexistent stuff, but provided there's no run on the banks, we can actually create wealth because it is arbitrary.  Is that so hard to grasp?