@_author: prohashing
@_date: 2016-04-13 14:49:14
I pointed this out last week, and the week before.
In the past 9.75 days of offering mining services, we sold bitcoins worth $836.50 in profit.  In the 7 previous days, we sold bitcoins worth $420.  Part of that was from fees, and a significant portion was tips from people who simply appreciate the service we provide.
We own 100% of the company, work from home, and pay about $120/month in recurring expenses.
As I asked last week, did Coinbase's $50m investors make $800 in profit during those 10 days?  Or, are they more likely to have earned $100k in revenue and spent $150k on center-city offices, administrative assistants, and travel?
@_date: 2016-04-13 15:14:07
I agree with this statement.  It's why we decided not to expand into bitcoin mining and to double down on scrypt instead.  Bitcoin itself isn't profitable because it has no room to grow.  Companies can't survive in a static environment - they need to always grow to keep up with increasing costs.
If there were a positive outlook for a lot of block space (not just 2MB), then companies would be able to build very profitable things.
People should not be surprised that the only profitable ventures in bitcoin are mining and investing.  That's because the Core has explicitly supported those two ventures!  They have taken the side of miners, who make more profit with small blocks, over businesses, who make more profit when they can reliably provide their services.  They could have 
It's not inherently true that bitcoin is unprofitable.  Cause and effect is responsible for all things in the world.  If the Core and Gregory Maxwell (had decided to take on miners and deploy Gavin Andresen (20MB blocksize, then this thread would be complaining that mining and investing are unprofitable and the only way to make money is by putting money into startups.
This is why bitcoin is in a bubble right now.  All of these factors - the realization of VC funding proving wasteful, OpenBazaar, anticipation of the halving event, and the unreliable congested network, are going to converge in June and the industry is going to have a major shakeout.  It's why my brother has predicted a price of no higher than $150 at some point in June or July.  And the Core is directly responsible for this state through poor decisionmaking over the past year.
@_date: 2015-06-22 21:06:23
The Core developers are only the center of influence because bitcoin is not being used by billion-dollar financial institutions yet.
As soon as big banks begin using bitcoin, people like Andresen and will see their influence wane as people with a lot more money and connections enter the space.  Bank of America and the New York Stock Exchange are unlikely to defer to Peter Todd on protocol issues.
One of the reasons why they need to get this correct right now is because time is running out on them.  There will still be a place for the Core developers, but they will not be able to make unilateral decisions or have any significant influence on more than minor changes.  You can see, based on how difficult the current debate has been, how their influence is already starting to wane whether they like it or not.
@_date: 2015-06-12 19:30:22
It's refreshing to see that, in the past week, people have started to lead, rather than just blast out discussion on mailing lists and reddit forums.  Since there is no formal governing structure for bitcoin, the only way that a solution is going to be adopted is if someone actually produces and implements one.
This is a good solution, but it hasn't yet been implemented.  If a working implementation comes out soon, I could see this becoming the chosen solution, simply because nobody except Garzik is willing to be a leader.
And if an implementation does surface, we'll upgrade our nodes immediately.  This satisfies the major criteria of "implement any solution, as long as it is permanent and bitcoin will never again need to hard fork."
@_date: 2015-06-22 21:03:32
I disagree with the limit in 2036.
First, I think it's based on an assumption for which there is no evidence.  Andresen states that "exponential growth cannot continue forever," yet he provides no evidence to the contrary.  People have been predicting the decline of Moore's Law for 40 years.  Yet, some technologies, like solid state disks, have exploded in the past year, growing far more quickly than they ever have in the past.
Second, Andresen fails to consider why it is better to have a cap in 2036.  Assuming that he is wrong, then he could either be wrong in there being too much volume and we need to remove the cap, or too little volume and we need to add the cap.  Why is it better to have the default decision to have the network artificially constrained?  Wouldn't it be better to have the default decision to be to continue expansion?  And wouldn't it be better to allow that hard fork to come whenever the network stopped growing, rather than in 2036?
Either way, if he's wrong, a hard fork is necessary, but why not assume success?  Andresen is betting against technology.  In general, people who make conservative forecasts of technological progress are usually incorrect, and there is no reason to suspect that the times we live in are any different than any other times.
@_date: 2015-06-01 19:08:54
It's interesting to read that Andresen prefers to eliminate the blocksize limit altogether.  I understand the idea of compromise, but sometimes a compromise won't be liked by anybody.  I thought that he really believed in the 20MB limit, but it turns out he was just trying to make other people happy.
The difference between him and the other developers is that the other developers are all talk.  Meanwhile, Andresen is actually creating a fork with his ideas.
People are out there writing huge blog posts about different ideas and arguing on discussion forums and talking about things like the Lightning network and different block algorithms.  Even if Andresen's idea isn't the best, it's the only one that actually exists.  I'll support the first implementation that includes a dynamic, automatic increase, no matter what it is, because the problem just needs to be solved.
People can't vote on mailing lists.  They vote with their feet.  If the other developers want their ideas implemented, then release something and see who downloads it.
This is a problem where the details don't matter.  It doesn't matter whether the increase is 50% per year or 60% per year, or whether it is based upon the previous block sizes or upon time.  All that matters is that something is done to increase capacity which will not require another fork later.  Andresen understands this and his idea is likely to be accepted because it will be the first.
@_date: 2015-06-12 13:25:55
In response to **hard forks are risky**, I don't think there is any problem with one hard fork.
The problem is gathering support for multiple forks, which will be impossible and expensive.  That's why the resolution has to be permanent the first time.
@_date: 2015-06-10 18:44:25
Regardless of the outcome, the idea still stands.  Whoever is the first to stop talking and actually step up and say "here's my solution implemented in code, download it and run the nodes" will likely be followed.
Andresen seems unwilling to do this, but if he was willing to be a real leader, this debate would likely be over tomorrow.
@_date: 2015-06-09 20:47:48
I'm not convinced that another hard fork will be possible.
I agree with part of your reasoning, but I don't agree that getting "more time" is a good thing.  What more time allows is for additional people to enter into this debate - a debate which is already ridiculous because the ultimate solution is not important to bitcoin's future.
The critical point is that as long as there is some long-term permanent fix for increasing capacity, whether it be 40% per year or sidechains or whatever else, developers will be able to work with it.  Thus, the only thing that matters is coming to a permanent fix to the problem, as the actual solution is unimportant compared to actually having one decided upon.
By increasing the capacity of the network one time, the likelihood of that permanent solution decreases *significantly*.  A 20MB static limit simply encourages more people to use the network, so that when the next block limit is hit, nobody will ever be able to agree on the real solution.  I do not believe that a 20MB limit will ever be able to be overcome.  If people accept this fork, 20MB will become the permanent limit - and a 20MB permanent limit is not better than a 1MB permanent limit given the transaction volume necessary.
The reason why our pool will not upgrade our client, if it will make any difference, is that it is best to force a decision now.  The greatest danger lies in what is unable to happen when there are 20x more people, with 20x more money, arguing on reddit about what to do in regards to the 20MB block size limit.
Finally, I don't see why it's better to use a static 20MB limit instead of 20MB plus a conservative increase per year.  If blocks become empty or filled with spam and another fork is considered, then wouldn't we rather have the default decision be to retain capability rather than stunt growth?
@_date: 2015-06-09 19:22:58
Andresen becoming a "dictator," at least for a short time, is the only way that any solution will be achieved, because there is no governance structure for bitcoin.
Of course, it may not be Andresen who becomes the dictator.  Whoever is the first to produce a permanent solution will have his fork seen as the "official" client, and he will become the lead maintainer.
@_date: 2015-06-16 19:00:23
I've stated before that behavior is unethical (the manner in which he promised to deliver forum software, and yet is holding bitcoins far in excess of those required to develop such software).  But who cares if he owns informational websites like bitcoin.org?
They're only websites.  Other than earning him a pittance through advertising that probably barely covers hosting, these sites are unlikely to affect the actions of the people who actually matter to bitcoin's future, like the Core developers and bankers with lots of money.
Furthermore, if he follows through with his plan to decline to feature "non-consensus hard forks," then his sites are going to have no software on them soon anyway.  Given that there is no formal governance structure for bitcoin, any successful fork by definition will be "non-consensus" because all this discussion is just idealistic talk until someone actually releases some software and we see where people stand.
His sites will be looked at as a joke because every fork will be controversial, none will be featured on his sites, and one of them will win out, so the PageRank of competing sites that did have links to the fork will bury his sites.
@_date: 2015-06-01 19:35:30
I think people are missing that the developers are risking losing control of the project if they continue to argue with each other.
There are a lot of people who have a lot to lose, and price is starting to respond to this situation.  Meanwhile, altcoin mining profitability is, unbelievably, *increasing* over the past two weeks.  Coinbase doesn't want to see bitcoin fail, or have some altcoin take over for it.  They will not sit by and allow bitcoin to die because the developers are arguing for the next two years.
If the developers don't come to a consensus soon, then some company like Coinbase will do it for them.  The company will announce a ready-to-use client that solves the block size problem, and people will download it.  Or, corporations will have meetings and decide on a solution without all the developers, and then release the results.
Such an outcome will permanently shift control of bitcoin away from the unpaid volunteers into a sort of "forum" arrangement between commercial companies, like the many standards bodies that exist today.  The developers would be well-served to avoid this outcome by putting aside their differences before it happens.  Given the success of the recent "spam" tests, they don't have much time left.
@_date: 2015-06-09 16:43:31
Since there are no concrete numbers, we'll have to agree to disagree.
It may be true that the developers are more likely to support keeping the blocksize small, but in these posts it's difficult to find users who agree with that sentiment.
@_date: 2015-06-04 13:52:30
This is actually a huge problem and it's not surprising that they withdrew.
While we don't hold customer funds like Coinbase, we do owe debts in altcoins.  We make sure to buy the altcoins needed to pay our customers immediately upon incurring those debts.  The worst-case scenario for us is that there is a huge bubble in an altcoin that we owe money, and we don't have enough of that coin before the bubble occurs.  We could quickly go bankrupt in such a situation.
Similarly, it's easy for Coinbase to back bitcoins with bitcoins, but how can they back bitcoins with dollars given the bubbles bitcoin has had in the past?  If bitcoins rise to $10,000 next month, which unlike most assets could actually happen, Coinbase would go bankrupt because they would have to somehow find 50x more cash to back up the bitcoins from Wyoming users.
It's simply unworkable.  The original version of the BitLicense had this sort of language for exchanges, where they needed to keep dollars to back cryptocurrency at a 1:1 ratio.  Fortunately, Lawsky deleted that section, or else nobody would be able to do business at all in New York.
@_date: 2015-06-09 20:51:43
The new thing on reddit is to call everyone who expresses a disagreement "trolls."
Sometimes there are people who have genuine disagreements.  Those differing viewpoints should be welcomed, not labeled as being made in bad faith.
@_date: 2015-06-15 16:52:58
This reply doesn't seem to grasp the realities of the world, but it does recognize one important point.
Since there is no governing structure for bitcoin, it is not possible to host a formal election where people have votes.  Who is eligible to vote on such an important matter?  Who conducts the election?  Who would have the power to enforce the results?  What threshold is necessary to implement the solution?  Since almost everyone agrees the threshold is not a simple majority, even if someone did have the authority to organize an election, no single solution will be ratified.
The idea that somehow something is going to be achieved through more talk and discussion is wrong.  While there may be technical objections to this solution, "let's have more discussion in the hope that somehow consensus is reached" is not a valid one.  The only way that a solution will be adopted is if one is coded and released.
That brings us to the point where he was correct.  In the last few paragraphs, he correctly points out that if this solution is adopted, then bitcoin-xt will be the new reference client, and Mike Hearn will be the lead developer of bitcoin.
That's what happens when someone actually steps up to lead.  I may not have agreed with many of Hearn's proposals (like the prospects of Lighthouse) in the past, but if he does release this code, one has to respect him for doing what others have not been willing to do here: implement a solution and take responsibility for its success or failure.  Andresen, for all that he has been called the "lead developer" of bitcoin, is not demonstrating these leadership qualities in the most critical situation in bitcoin's history.  Implementing a reasonable solution after asking for suggestions is not "forcing your will" upon others, it is leadership.
A true leader asks for input from others, builds as much consensus as he can, and then takes action and accepts the consequences.  Some will disagree with Hearn, and he may be wrong, but he is willing to lead.  As far as I can tell, everyone else is all talk.
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:10:20
There has been talk to do that, but apparently it hasn't made it into this code.
Time to develop other solutions is not needed.  Andresen himself has said he has had plenty of time to research solutions.  This problem has been known for two years.  My brother and I, for what it's worth, have posted about it as early as 2013 and urged people to do *anything* about it.
While I understand that you are just making a suggestion, more time will cause more problems.  If this solution had been implemented in 2013, nobody would be arguing about it now, because there would have been fewer people at the table back then.  This is a problem where it is almost completely irrelevant exactly how it is resolved, which is why it is astonishing that so much deadlock has occurred.  It doesn't matter if block sizes increase 20% per year or 30% per year or based upon the last few blocks or whatever.  The only thing that is important is increasing capacity and not going through this again.
There is no more research that can be done at this point.  The discussion just rehashes the same ideas over and over.  Nobody seems to realize that you will never please everyone, and there are simply too many people with no authority to get even a fraction of them to agree on anything.  The only way to implement a solution will be for one developer to write code and release it.  I'll go along with the first permanent solution that someone puts out.  If I'm wrong and bitcoin-xt does include an automatic increase in block size, then I'm all for it.
As you can see, I'm fed up with these developers who all have to have consensus and agreement to make any big decision.  If nobody is willing to put out a permanent fix soon, then I'm starting to favor the idea of asking commercial companies to form a "forum" that puts out a fork for this solution and declares itself the official bitcoin client, removing control from the current developers who are unwilling to act.
@_date: 2015-06-24 18:45:35
The problem with this argument is that there is clearly a call for action from many people.  The developers seemed to be slow to realize initially that anyone in the world can fork bitcoin Core and create a patch.  It's possible that whoever does that first will have his solution adopted, and be the new leader of bitcoin.
Therefore, their options are limited to taking some sort of action.  Even if they support keeping blocks the same size they are, the best they can do is to try to limit the size increase.  If they put anything out, the discussion is between no action and their proposal.
But if they didn't put anything out, then someone will eventually preempt them with working code.  Since the developers won't have offered a solution, the discussion will then be between taking no action, and the random programmer who offered the solution.  If that solution is for 100MB blocks, it may be adopted and none of the developers will have had any say in the matter.  In fact, whoever made the proposal will likely now be seen as the default leader.
Gavin Andresen seems to recognize that he will only remain the "leader" of bitcoin if he proposes a solution.  Enough people want to do something about this problem that the best course of action for anyone who believes nothing should be done is to preempt all the discussion and propose a solution with only moderately-sized blocks.
@_date: 2015-06-16 12:08:14
The gist of this announcement is "we don't want anyone to make progress."
Because that's exactly what would happen if they were the only bitcoin site on the planet.  There is never going to be a "non-contentious" hard fork.
When someone finally steps up to take the lead and releases some code, it won't be featured on bitcoin.org, and that will reduce their credibility and PageRank for not providing people with the choice to make up their own minds.
@_date: 2015-06-10 16:56:33
When looking into a study like this, it's important to determine what action will be taken as a result.  What action is dependent on the results of this study?
Even if it is found that manipulation occurred, why is that important?  The talk on reddit, and bitcointalk, and even on the Dev mailing list is never going to accomplish anything.  Most people seem to believe that, even though there is no official leader or system of governance for the bitcoin protocol, a "consensus" will be reached with more debate and discussion.  They fail to realize that there is no prospect for any progress being made until someone declares that they are releasing a hard fork, that the code is at some website, and that people should upgrade now.
This study is a huge waste of money.  Imagine if it were instead spent on commissioning someone to write a solution (like 20MB blocks with a 30% automatic increase per year) and releasing the code for people to adopt.
It's a shame because the discussion indicates that people are desparate for a solution.  The first person who actually puts out some working code has a good chance at having his code adopted as the future of bitcoin.  Instead of being that person, this money is going to end up as just another opportunity cost in this process, along with all the time people have wasted thinking that more posts will somehow achieve consensus with no actual written solutions or anyone willing to step up and lead.
@_date: 2015-06-22 21:20:09
I strongly disagree with this statement.
I think that the banks will be the primary miners of the future.  Banks have an interest of providing guaranteed service to their customers.  They will want to be able to find some blocks if only to prevent themselves from having to rely on other banks to accept their transactions, which other banks are not incentivized to do.
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:33:03
Finally, someone gets it!
How long will it take until people realize there is no more research that can be done, that the mailing list is just rehashing the same points over and over, and that increasing the block size to a static 20MB is not going to magically cause there to be fewer problems when that size limit is hit?
The first person to put out an actual solution, in code, that permanently fixes this problem, will be the one to have his solution adopted.  This is not a problem where the exact solution even matters.  And the code for this solution is not especially difficult either.
Does nobody follow politics?  Do they not see that there is nobody in a position of authority here to hold and enforce a vote on this topic?  Has there ever been a case in history where thousands of people talk and talk about a decision and they magically agree and it gets resolved?  Time after time, the only way things get done is when a leader emerges, seizes power, and dictates what is going to happen.  Sometimes, the leader remains a dictator, and sometimes he gives up power to a democracy with defined rules.
Given that there is no existing governance for this project, the only way that a solution is going to be obtained is for someone to take charge and impose a structure.  Andresen has the best chance of doing that, but so far he is all talk.  He's been blogging and tweeting about things he might do for six weeks now.
I wonder if the best chance now is that someone who we don't even know yet will be the first to release working code and his solution will be adopted.  Given the deadlock now, **whoever gets the first working code out is going to be seen as the new leader of the bitcoin project.**  That might remain as Andresen, or if he continues to delay, it may be Mike Hearn or someone else who we don't know yet.
@_date: 2015-06-09 19:26:17
The problem is that the ideas currently being proposed for bitcoin XT are not a solution to this problem.  Increasing the block size to 20MB without a dynamic increase actually makes this problem worse.  See  for an explanation of why this is.
I agree that it's long since time to come to a solution, but it's important to define what a legitimate solution to the problem is.  Even most of the people proposing this one-time increase are arguing for it because they believe it will provide more time for research in the future.
@_date: 2015-06-12 18:19:01
This is a great point.  As was pointed out at  as soon as you build it, they will come.
Providing more demand will make people use the demand.  That's why making a static limit that never changes is bad, because transaction volume will just increase to to the new cap a week later and cause the same problem.
@_date: 2015-06-29 16:35:24
These people are great with their excuses.
They say in the first post that their test failed because their software couldn't handle it.  Now, they say "the first test didn't prove what we wanted, so we'll just do it again."
How many tests will they have to fail at, either due to their incompetence or the resiliency of the network, before they waste all their money and have to give up?
@_date: 2015-06-24 20:33:30
It's not ludicrous to predict bandwidth far in the future.
In fact, charts of computations per second versus time have shown a very consistent exponential trend for almost 120 years.  There isn't any reason to suspect that something is special about now versus any other time in the past 120 years that would cause progress to stop.
People who say that exponential progress cannot continue forever often are stuck in the current paradigm.  Every once in a while, refinements to the current paradigm stop and then a paradigm shift occurs, during which there is explosive growth.  Eventually, growth slows for a while and people say that exponential growth is over - until the next paradigm shift occurs.
It is, indeed, difficult to predict exactly what that computing power will be used for.  For example, few predicted that "social" applications would take up so much power processing images and video.  But most people 20 years ago who made predictions about raw computing power available today were amazingly accurate.
@_date: 2015-06-09 13:17:30
My understanding is that this change will simply increase the maximum block size to 20MB, without making any plans for the future whatsoever with a dynamic increase.  Please correct me if I am wrong.
This solution makes the problem worse.  It simply postpones the block size problem until some point in the future, when there will be more people at the table to generate even more deadlock on this issue.  If nobody can reach agreement now on a real solution, then downloading this software will just create another looming catastrophe in the future.  **Developers, come up with a solution - any solution - that does not require a second hard fork.  It is not important what that solution actually is.**
We will not be upgrading our nodes to any client that does not permanently resolve the problem, so when we move into bitcoin mining in a few months, we will continue to use the current version of Bitcoin Core until someone implements a permanent solution to this problem.
@_date: 2015-06-09 21:01:17
This comment is out of line and is a personal attack.
It's certainly fine to disagree with the developers, but there is no evidence to suggest that people are purposely causing discord to kill the project.
@_date: 2015-06-21 15:38:19
I think that the greatest impact of this test will simply be that they wasted a lot of money.
I'm not exactly sure what they gain out of spending thousands of dollars on the issue.  After they are out of money, things will return to normal.  The situation they are creating is completely artificial.  Almost nobody can create this situation without going bankrupt.  The only people who could do so are large organizations or governments who would have to answer to shareholders and citizens as to why so much of their money is being spent to accomplish so little.
There are not going to be Internet trolls filling up the blockchain with spam to prove a point anytime soon.
@_date: 2015-06-09 20:59:26
In the end, such an action would matter little.  By the time you and Andresen finished arguing with each other and Github, Coinbase will have forked the client, implemented its own block size solution, and issued professional press releases explaining why they have offered the solution.  People will download it and control of the bitcoin protocol will be permanently shifted away from you to commercial enterprises.
What is not present here is actual code.  Developers like to talk, but if there really are ten different competing ideas, then why aren't there ten different forks that people can download and vote with their nodes?  If everyone's solution is superior to all the others, then why isn't it out there being run?
I hope that people understand that there's never going to be a magic consensus formed to this problem.  There is no democratic election process in a set of bitcoin bylaws.  If nobody releases actual code, then nothing is going to get done.  Given the outcry here, the solution is going to come from outside the current developers if nobody takes charge soon.
@_date: 2015-06-23 14:41:52
I see this differently than you do.  As predicted, all that happened is that they wasted a lot of money and things returned to normal quickly afterward.
Fees never got exorbitantly high; a few cents was enough to get transactions confirmed in an hour.  If they had wanted to prove something, they would have had to pay fees that were far higher than they paid yesterday - like $1 per transaction - and then that would have caused problems for people.  But if they had done that, they would have had to spend a large amount of money.
The test was useless.  They didn't spend high enough fees to demonstrate if bitcoin would be hobbled.  All that people had to do was spend two cents more to have transactions confirmed quickly, or just wait a day for confirmation if they were doing mundane things like sending money to a cold wallet.
The only fact these last few tests have proved is that it takes a lot more money than people are willing to spend on these tests to cause a significant impact - and that you have to waste a large amount of money to raise transaction costs by one or two cents.
@_date: 2015-06-22 16:40:53
It won't prove anything.  In order to make a difference in the cost of using the network, they would need to pay fees at that cost.
But right now, they're only paying the going rate, so that won't increase fees much.  If they want to increase the cost of transactions by 10x, then they would need to pay 10x the money, which quickly becomes unaffordable.
The most likely outcome to this attack is that they will simply waste all their money and things will return to normal.  It's not a big deal for you or me to pay 2 cents instead of 1 cent.  As they put out more transactions, they're going to have to pay more, and as is already occurring, their funds are being depleted more quickly than anticipated.
I don't understand the purpose of this attack, since the fees they are spending aren't high enough to significantly increase costs.  They won't actually prove anything.  All they're doing is making miners like us rich, and burning large numbers of bitcoins in wallets too small to be spent without enormous fees in the future.
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:54:37
It's not that is so much more ethical than the Foundation anyway.  After all, this is the guy who is holding thousands of bitcoins donated for bitcointalk.org, which are now worth far in excess of the purpose for what they were originally donated.
There is no legitimate reason why a forum would need so much money - and he's not even spending it on anything.  The ethical thing for him to do would be to refund the money to his donors - or, if the passage of time has made locating them impossible, send the bitcoins to something like cancer research.
@_date: 2015-06-16 20:42:20
If so, then that's all the more reason why is being unethical with the other people's donations.
However, I'm not sure I would drop out of school to go into Internet advertising.  Sites can wane in popularity overnight - and that $200/day doesn't include health and dental insurance and vision coverage like most jobs do.
@_date: 2015-06-20 22:28:28
As I said, anything that has an automatic increase is a great idea.
I think this number is too conservative, but I'll upgrade my nodes because it means that there need never be a hard fork again.
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:37:51
While I agree that there were problems, there are always other problems to solve.
The problems that were solved earlier in the year were not as important as this.  While it is great to be able to transfer block headers first, and that is important for the future, it was not a critical blocker like this issue is.  I even pointed out a change where the developers modified the config file setting rpcallowip so that it would no longer use wildcards, and was criticized by Greg Maxwell because he talked about how important a security issue that was.
The developers have not been good at prioritization.  They are making progress, but the progress has been out of order and on tasks of lesser priority.  The block size limit has been the  priority for years.
@_date: 2015-06-09 21:04:03
He did, but that comment was posted several weeks ago.  There was no mention of the automatic increase in the recent comment.
@_date: 2015-06-09 18:41:53
I never said not to change anything.
Instead, I said that I support changing to any solution that will not require another fork in the future.  The best way of accomplishing that is to add some function that automatically increases the block sizes over time or as a result of some other parameter.
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:43:13
This headline makes it seem as if the debate is between retaining the existing block size and increasing it.
While there are some people in favor of retaining the existing size, it's not accurate to say that the debate is primarily about that issue.  Most people support an increase but cannot agree on the size of the increase or its parameters.  It's important to keep a balanced view of this topic.
@_date: 2014-11-22 23:59:11
I've had great experiences with the people from Poloniex.  Their platform seems very stable and they have great customer service.
If it were as simple as just choosing a new exchange, we would trade at Poloniex no questions asked.
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:18:54
Hey Andrew,
We've been looking for a new exchange for a long time, so we'd be glad to talk with you.  But keep in mind that our Poloniex code isn't even tested yet, and we don't have enough manpower even to get that finished.
It's not a matter of providing a lot of features in an exchange; it's just that it takes too long to implement an API for a new exchange to justify the benefits.  Don't get me wrong; we would do anything to have an exchange with great customer service.  But even if Cryptsy continues to rip us off with these sorts of issues, we could lose hundreds of dollars a month to Cryptsy and it would still cost less than the development time required to get a new exchange working.
That said, we'd be glad to talk with you to see if you have any suggestions.  Let me know when you are available and I or my partner can call you.
@_date: 2015-06-30 21:15:52
This article is spun to sound like a 12% rise in bitcoin, when it's at lows of $260, is some sign of people adopting it across the world.
I might be convinced that bitcoin is gaining traction if prices were surging past $2k right now.  But it's obviously been proven that prices of $1k can be achieved by an extremely small minority of the world's population, so a 12% rise at this point means absolutely nothing.
@_date: 2014-11-22 19:49:47
I will have my partner contact you to work out a resolution when he gets up in four hours.  Thanks for your reply.  I wish that we would have been able to resolve the issue through the ticket initially.
However, I dispute the idea that we are at fault in this instance.  We did have checks; they triggered as designed when the database got out of sync with Cryptsy.  The error was so severe that a huge amount of money was lost in a very short time.
It is Cryptsy's responsibility to correctly publish accurate data to end users.  People need a dependable exchange that doesn't make errors like this.  People are depending on this data to make trading decisions, and those who run bots to speculate might face even bigger losses than I have by such simple errors on Cryptsy's part.
@_date: 2014-11-22 18:22:04
I have wanted to go to other exchanges for many months, but the problem I have is that we have working production code that has executed 190,000 trades at Cryptsy.  It took months just to get to the point where we could get the math to add up in the audit database.
Poloniex appears to have great customer service, and we even talked with them in August.  We have Poloniex code that is written but not tested, so we can't release it.  The problem is that we only have so many weekends to write code, and the amount of work required to test the Poloniex code is far greater than some other features we can add, like the algorithm-switching client that has been our end goal for a year.  Why is the cost-benefit so low for Poloniex?  Because they don't sell enough coins.
And that's the problem.  Cryptsy offers a lot of coins, and no other exchange offers so many.  We offer mining of 60 (63 tomorrow) coins.  It takes hundreds of hours to test a new exchange, and the amount of testing is independent of the number of coins it offers.  Cryptsy has the market cornered because we can't afford to pay anyone to test specific code for each specific exchange when that exchange only has a few coins.
However, this problem can be eliminated if someone forms a standards committee to produce a "common exchange API."  That group would need to define a basic set of functionality (like buy, sell, withdrawal, and so on) that is accessed the same way across all exchanges.  Currently, to withdraw from Cryptsy, for example, you provide an address, but Poloniex requires you to provide a coin and an address, so to support Poloniex the new code needs to perform additional database queries, which need to be tested and debugged.
One should be able to go "GET  or "GET  to any exchange and have consistent functionality.  If exchanges want to augment these features with custom commands, they can seek to have them standardized or they can just publish them in addition to the standard commands.
Small exchanges would benefit most from standardization, because the real money is made from automated traders and institutions, not from people who use the website.  Then, someone could write a single open source wrapper that allows you to choose which exchange you want to trade at and execute trades in the same way.
The benefits of this are enormous.  Not only does it enable innovative services, but it destroys people like the CryptoPumpGroup who try to play games with coins, because arbitrage bots would eliminate their antics in seconds.  Coins would become more likely to be valued on their merits, rather than who has implemented bots at a particular exchange.
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:34:54
I'm serious about this.  Someone should announce the formation of such a committee and schedule a meeting with exchange representatives.  If nobody else is going to volunteer, then Tristan from Poloniex should be drafted to chair it.
The committee's responsibilities should be to obtain input from exchanges as to what technology the common API should use, what the inputs and outputs for each call should be, and to draft and eventually vote upon a standard.
In addition to defining the available functions and how they are expected to behave, the standards committee should be tasked with creating a master list of abbreviations for each coin.  This list would be able to be referenced in software outside of exchanges and would eliminate confusion and bugs.
@_date: 2014-11-23 14:59:58
Hi King,
I wanted to point out an inaccuracy in your article.  The crash that occurred was the resolution of the bug (at least in that market).  I think there might be a misunderstanding.
Throughout the day, the price should have been at that low level because people were trading against that price.  They were being charged the price that the graph actually showed, which was higher.
When Cryptsy fixed the bug to allow the sell order to be filled, orders were able to be filled at the low price, so there was a brief crash.  Then the market returned to normal when the sell order was filled.
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:09:22
The answer is both.  There are really three things that need to be confirmed.
First, the code needs to be tested to determine that, if provided proper inputs, it will execute the proper operation.  That is done.
Second, we need to verify that the code is actually being provided the proper inputs.  That's not done, because Poloniex expects different inputs than Cryptsy does.  For example, Poloniex market names are reversed - whereas most exchanges have something like MEC/BTC, Poloniex has BTC_MEC.  We need to add additional tables to store these, and then test the queries to make sure they are correct.  There is no good reason for any exchange to have different market names than the others.
Third, we need to verify that the right amount of money is executed.  For example, Cryptsy subtracts the withdrawal fee from the amount you want to withdrawal, so when we withdrawal 3 bitcoins every night, we get 2.999 out, leaving 7 bitcoins of the original 10.  But other exchanges subtract the withdrawal fee from the exchange balance, so the same request would cause our wallet to receive 3 bitcoins, and the exchange account to have 6.999 left.  Again, there is no good reason for a lack of standardization on this feature.
The amount of effort to deal with the different withdrawal amounts alone is immense.  We have tables with boolean columns for various values:  "market_name_first," "withdrawal_fee_inclusive," "fills_at_best_price," and so on.  Some exchanges don't even list their withdrawal fees in their APIs, so they need to be manually entered.  The exchanges are killing themselves by making it impossible for people to switch between them.
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:28:58
That's an interesting solution that you have, and it's simple enough that I can it as a 34th error type that we use to deal with Cryptsy's problems.  Thanks for that.  For those people who think that we somehow don't do any checks, here is a list of possible errors, some of which are ridiculous, that the system can have, any one of which disables a coin:
* "An unknown error occurred."
* "Unable to obtain the sell price at this exchange for this coin, or there are no sell orders."
* "Unable to obtain the buy price of this exchange for this coin, or there are no buy orders."
* "The price of this coin at this exchange is an outlier from all the other exchange prices."
* "This exchange is too volataile to deal in this coin."
* "The volume of this exchange in this coin is too low."
* "The pool has run out of bitcoins in this exchange and needs a deposit to continue operations here."
* "The price for this coin on this exchange is too old."
* "The connection to the exchange was lost."
* "The market name is invalid."
* "The price update failed."
* "Unknown error - see additional information."
* "Unable to connect to the daemon RPC interface."
* "There are no buy orders, so this coin cannot be mined."
* "The exchange block number differs too much from the daemon block number."
* "The coinbase address for this daemon is invalid."
* "Unable to obtain the latest block from the daemon."
* "The block reward for this coin is unknown, so its profitability cannot be calculated, and it cannot be mined."
* "The difficulty of this coin is unknown, so its profitability cannot be calculated, and it cannot be mined."
* "There are no sell orders, so this coin cannot be paid out."
* "The difficulty of this coin is too low causing blocks to be found so frequently that the pool would orphan most of them."
* "The coin has an algorithm mismatch."
* "The sell price of this coin is too volatile."
* "The pool has produced too many orphaned blocks."
* "The difficulty of this coin is so high that blocks would be found, on average, less frequently than once per every eight hours."
* "The number of connections for this daemon is less than the minimum_connections configuration value."
* "Submitting blocks to this daemon failed too often."
* "Blocks older than the maximum_unconfirmed_age remain unconfirmed."
* "The blocknotify script is not being called for this coin, so the coin is not receiving notification of new blocks."
* "A failsafe was triggered because there have been no blocks found for an unreasonable length of time."
* "All exchanges for this coin have at least one error."
* "The coin is unreasonably profitable."
There are so many errors handled here that I think it's dishonorable for Cryptsy to say "you should have written better software."  How could we have possibly known that this particular type of error would occur?  We don't have access to their code to see where their vulnerabilities are most likely to be.
@_date: 2015-05-15 11:42:45
Unfortunately, we do engineering research, so there aren't any positions for medical staff :(
@_date: 2015-05-06 19:12:40
I see this argument about heat pumps and electric heaters often, but I don't understand it.
Buying a heat pump is a huge investment that only a few people have the opportunity to do.  To buy a heat pump, you need to own the property, you need to be able to run the ductwork for it, and you need enough space in the exterior to put the unit.  It also costs a lot, and many people don't have enough money to buy one.
I have a baseboard heater in my basement and have used it for eight years, despite having gas heat.  The ducts in the basement are in the ceiling, so from November to early May the floor area is too cold.  Even if I owned the property, it isn't possible to get the ducts down to the ground because the ceiling supports run perpendicular to the direction the ducts would need to go.
The baseboard heater has been, and continues to be, the most cost-efficient method of heating the basement.  Even at $200/yr, it still would have cost far more in contractor labor for the landlord to install those ducts.  Last year, we replaced the heater with a scrypt miner and paid even less.
Electric heaters are so simple and cheap to set up and use that they will always have a place.
@_date: 2015-05-06 13:18:08
I disagree.
People deserve to be notified of their actions.  If they do something wrong, then tell them and ban the account.  If they do it again, then ban the next account.
A few people's actions after being banned is not an excuse for treating everyone disrespectfully.  Even if it takes more time for administrators to be fair in this manner, it's simply the right thing to do.  Being honest and transparent is important for any community and not being honest encourages others to follow the leader.  It's about setting an example of how people should be treated, and when the people at the top treat people poorly, that demonstrates to everyone else that it's acceptable to do the same.
My brother posted on reddit for years and had built up many followers and a large posting history.  He was shadowbanned, and instead of creating a new account, he simply left.  That's what happens when you issue shadowbans - good contributors leave, while troublemakers just try to one-up the system.
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:51:22
"Unlimited time off" is the same as having no time off.  The same is true of "unlimited sick days."
I noticed this in the past.  When there are "unlimited sick days," people hesitate to use them because there is no limit and therefore it is assumed your boss will dislike you for taking advantage of the policy.  People come to work sick and spread viruses throughout the office.  Exactly the same happens when there are zero sick days - people still want to get paid, so they come in, accomplish little, and infect everyone.  In both places, people who were out sick were frowned upon after a day.
When there are a set number of sick days, however, people plan their usage.  If they tend to have serious illnesses, then they save the sick days for those illnesses.  Healthier people stay home when they have colds.  Either way, nobody thinks twice if someone is out sick.  Everyone knows that everyone else has a certain number of days, and therefore, they are treated the same as they are.
I would never want to work at a company that has "unlimited vacation days."  I bet that very few people there take more than two weeks of vacation.  I've always worked in companies that have at least four weeks, as the best companies offer five or six.
@_date: 2015-05-30 17:43:16
But that's not how much it actually costs.  In the first test, people were spending $40 each.
@_date: 2015-05-06 16:38:02
I wonder, though, if the volume moving through the account has anything to do with this.
Money talks.  I would guess that if the person sending some money to him is rich and purchases a lot of bitcoins, they never hear anything from Coinbase.  Coinbase has no trouble with closing accounts of poor people.
@_date: 2015-05-21 14:13:15
It's always interesting to see new bots show up.  Unlike the totesmetabot, this one promotes good discussion, doesn't clutter things up, ignores videos that are downvoted, and makes it easy to follow what's going on.
I'll add this one to the autowikibot and tweetposter as one of my favorites.
@_date: 2015-05-31 18:58:07
But that's not relevant, because the spam still costs the same as the other transactions.  The spammers are obviously willing to pay a lot to get their transactions out.
It doesn't matter even if 95% of the network consists of spam, because the price goes up the same for the non-spam transactions.
@_date: 2015-05-29 17:58:43
This is an excellent idea.  I fully support this effort.  I will change our pool's nodes as soon as this change is released.
I was worried before that Andresen was going to release a 20MB static limit that dropped his previous plan of automatic blocksize increases.  I hope that he has recognized that there is no way that there is ever going to be another hard fork again after this change.  If the Core developers can't agree on a solution now, what will happen when there are billion-dollar investment bank CEOs all telling Andresen different things?
He should overestimate the capacity of the network rather than underestimate it in whatever automatic increase function he decides upon.  It's better to risk the blocks growing too large than to have to go through this uncertainty again.  I'm shocked that price is remaining stable throughout all of this.  But it doesn't matter what the exact function for size increase is, as long as it keeps going up.
What could have been a disaster (the static 20MB limit) has turned into the best news for bitcoin this year.
@_date: 2015-05-08 14:24:42
He said that he doesn't know what else Gavin could have done to push this forward, but I made it clear what he could have done.
Gavin had the correct proposal earlier in the year - to automatically increase block size over time.  This is bitcoin's last intentional hard fork - whether anyone wants it to be or not.
As Alan points out, even 700tps is too low.  I oppose Gavin's proposal because he mistakenly believes that we can just put on a stopgap measure and then deal with this again when the problem recurs.  Look at how difficult it is to get consensus on the current situation, and consider whether it will be easier next year when the 20MB blocks fill up again.
I discuss why in the article at 
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:55:23
But there's never a time when you're not busy.
In my job, I try to hire software engineers.  Sitting through months of interviews, we only found one person who isn't a drag on current employees, with 15 positions still available.
We have a serious problem in that customers have too much money, and we are constantly turning it away.  Alternatively, we backlog the work, to the point where contracts are 15 months delayed.  When you do that, the customers get mad that you can't do the work, and don't give you money the next time, leading to layoffs.
The economy is so good right now, and it is so unbelievably difficult to hire software engineers, that there is no place where a minimally competent engineer will ever be sitting around because there is nothing to do.
@_date: 2015-05-08 21:16:15
That explanation doesn't hold because even the richest of the rich don't pay 50% in capital gains taxes.  If this were the cause, then we would expect the prices to differ by the tax rate.
There has to be some other reason.
@_date: 2015-05-07 13:43:26
The pool of bitcoin buyers is limited by the number of uses of bitcoins.
If everything were suddenly made 20% cheaper with bitcoins, people would teach themselves how to use private keys pretty quickly.  It's amazing how what people say and what they do differs.
@_date: 2015-05-27 14:26:10
Is anyone else very annoyed by these posts?  I'm going to downvote them from now on.
Each one has about two or three paragraphs of content.  I understand that what he is saying is important, but put it all out there.  Write a detailed paper or post as to why the block size should increase, including all the supporting arguments, and then submit it as his definitive position.  None of the posts contains enough content to be interesting or make any point.
These blog posts read like Robert Jordan's novels.  He would develop huge numbers of characters and take a book to tell what happened in one day, and then put "to be continued" at the end to make readers wait for the next book.  Eventually, I lost patience and never finished The Wheel of Time.  I'm losing patience with these posts too.
@_date: 2015-05-27 14:46:33
Thanks for the response.  Hopefully you can see that my issue is not with your writing, but with the way there seems to be so many of them.
One thing I'm disappointed in is that I don't see any consideration given to the argument that there is only one shot to get it right, as written at   As pointed out in the article, a hard fork will cost a fortune.  None of your posts is refuting that argument - that your proposed change could end up wasting the last opportunity available.
@_date: 2015-05-27 15:05:07
There are a lot of people worrying that George RR Martin will die before he finishes A Dream of Spring, too, given his obesity.  For some reason, authors tend to lose sight of the goal as series get longer and longer.
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:45:28
I think what this post misses is that volume will probably begin to increase as the price of GBTC approaches reality.  I don't think it's coincidental that volume picked up and the price fell to 45 on the same day.
@_date: 2015-05-31 14:50:02
This already happened with many altcoins, as detailed at 
@_date: 2015-01-05 21:15:52
People have to pay the bills.
I think that a lot of people like to think of being an entrepreneur as something of a glorified lifestyle, especially non-programmers.  The reality is that the opportunity cost is astronomical.  I can make $90,000 as a software engineer where I live.  Therefore, any business I would start has to have the opportunity to make at least $350,000/yr for me to justify doing it.
I arrive at that number because I could make $115,000 ($90k plus health insurance worth $15k and retirement contributions worth $10k) in a steady 40-hour job.  Since I currently work 80 hours, just for the amount of time I put in I would need to make $230k to be worth it.  But being an entrepreneur is risky and I would need to deal with what happens if the business fails, so I need a premium for that risk.
I don't think that people who do 9-5 work understand that it isn't possible to live a lifestyle like this for an extended period of time.  I've taken off on May 25 and December 25 this year; that's it.  I haven't gone to a single party, or traveled anywhere more than a few miles from my house except for those two family visits.  I go to work, work out, make dinner, clean and maintain the house, and sleep.  If I wanted to get married, there is no time to date.  I've eaten at a sit-down restaurant twice in the past year and haven't left the house on a Friday or Saturday night once.  I drive a car with no heat not because I can't afford to have it repaired or to buy a new car, but because it isn't worth the time to shop for a car or to wait at the dealer for hours until the car is fixed.
While you are missing that it does indeed cost money to start a business, I think the more important key to understand is that it isn't possible for someone to maintain that sort of lifestyle for more than a few years.  Whether we succeed or fail, I won't be doing this again for the rest of my life.  There isn't any point to living if you are at work all the time, other than to save money for the future so that you don't have to work then.
I think that we are starting to see the beginning stages of a collapse in the bitcoin infrastructure.  Vault of Satoshi is a prime example of what I described above, and in my previous post.  They specifically stated that they were going to work in an industry that was more successful.  As the price of bitcoin has declined, it is not an attractive space for people to work in.  The employees of Vault of Satoshi are likely some of the most experienced and knowledgeable people about the bitcoin protocol, and they have been lost to a service for streaming movies.
I hope that the price decline turns around quickly, but entrepreneurs are real people who put in these 80 hour weeks to make money.  If there isn't money to be made, they will take jobs in another industry where they can be paid a decent salary.  This is starting to happen now.
@_date: 2015-05-21 17:35:19
Wow, it also edits its own posts as more videos appear and comments change score!
@_date: 2015-05-06 18:51:45
Perhaps, but sometimes you just need to do things.  Times change.  Whereas it was previously acceptable to keep money in online wallets, now it isn't.  If you want to use bitcoins, you need to spend a little time learning how to set up a wallet.
We spent a day reprogramming our code to keep money out of Coinbase's accounts.  The first version of our site used Coinbase's API to store our profits, but we stopped using Coinbase for our sells and changed it to only send to other customers' accounts.  It was part of the cost of doing business to change that code, and it was worth it to avoid potential losses should Coinbase decide to arbitrarily freeze our account.  We have zero trust in Coinbase to safeguard our money - not because of thieves, but because of themselves.
We have nothing to do with black markets or anything like that.  The worry is that they will think we do.
They obviously know that they are losing many customers over these actions - someone has to be reading these posts.  That means that Fred Armstrong made a conscious decision for some reason, probably based on information of which we are not aware, that he is willing to gain this bad reputation in exchange for something else.
Since money moves the world, the only reason Armstrong would be willing to allow Coinbase's reputation to be destroyed is because one of his investors has other plans.  Perhaps Coinbase doesn't care about how many customers it has because they only plan to cater to one or two major institutions, and their current exchange is only a stopgap measure to keep the company afloat until then.  If he wanted to grow Coinbase to have the most small customers, then he would take Verizon's approach of going to court to protect against DMCA notices from the record labels.
Whatever the cause, it's not by accident that Coinbase is doing these things.  They have had a meeting where they purposely decided to ignore these comments, continue with what they are doing, and accept the consequences of doing so.
@_date: 2015-05-31 22:39:39
I don't know why this post has been downvoted, because there are many altcoins that have done exactly this, either intentionally or unintentionally.  Our pool has been burned on thousands of blocks because we didn't know to update our daemons for a hard fork.
In fact, when we designed our new block explorer, we found that hash is not sufficient to uniquely identify a block across all altcoins.  There are some altcoins that are directly forked from others, so you can only identify a block by the tuple of (coin name, hash).
And there are even altcoins that have the same name too.  There are two "Elacoins" that share most of the same blockchain.  There are two "Paycoins" that are completely different from each other.
@_date: 2015-05-30 13:41:54
The entire purpose of this test, even if it wasn't intended that way initially, was to prove that action needs to be taken now about the block size problem.
Gavin Andresen's original proposal of increasing the block size to a static limit of 20MB, a year from now, without any dynamic changes thereafter, clearly won't cut it.
Also, it's not surprising that price fell.  If the price fall was correlated with this test, we would expect people to panic when they see how easy the network is to manipulate.  That should provide further evidence to Andresen that he needs to push his changes to bitcoin-xt, which provide for automatic increases of a dynamic block limit, as soon as possible.
@_date: 2015-05-11 13:59:50
This is an exceptional idea.  It should be implemented as soon as possible.
However, the lesson of Fastcoin should be considered here.  We recently uninstalled Fastcoin from our pool because it simply required too much CPU to run.  Compared to dogecoin or bitcoin, it was using 20 times as much CPU because it received so many blocks that it had to validate all of them.  We have only restarted the daemon server twice since July 2014, but when we did, Fastcoin took 100% CPU for hours after the restart.
The limiting factor for hosting daemons is CPU usage, not memory usage.  Memory is very cheap to buy and upgrade.  I think that upgrading from 64GB to 128GB in our server would only cost $500.  However, adding more cores to the server is extraordinarily expensive, more than $3k.  The processors alone are $2k, and a new motherboard is required, and the new motherboard requires a new type of memory, and so on.  One of the most expensive costs involved is the 15% fees to eBay and PayPal that are lost in selling the old components.
Scheduling 1MB blocks in the hard fork is a great idea.  However, it won't work without CPU usage being reduced.  If Fastcoin, a direct fork of bitcoin 0.8 which had almost no transactions, used 100% CPU for hours at startup; imagine how much bitcoin, with its many transactions, would use.  Fortunately, since the proposed change is a year away, that gives Andresen and others an entire year to reduce CPU usage.
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:16:21
I don't think it matters what the exact dynamic limit is; the only thing I disapprove of with the current proposal is that there is no dynamic limit.
I'm not sure how miners can collude to raise Gavin's original dynamic limit proposal.  In his original proposal, the dynamic limit was solely influenced by time.  Miners wouldn't be able to control the limit at all, because it would be dependent upon the height of the block being mined.
@_date: 2015-01-24 16:00:59
The reason Sony could not protect themselves from hackers is because there simply isn't any protection against DDoS attacks.
Such attacks are going to become more common, and I do agree with you that centralized companies like Sony and eBay are going to have difficulty operating as hackers gain access to huge amounts of bandwidth.
It is simply too expensive to obtain bandwidth legally to complete against botnets that obtain bandwidth illegally.  It would cost millions of dollars and raise prices above sustainable levels for customers, just to be prepared for attacks that happen occasionally.
@_date: 2015-01-05 15:40:36
I read this article, and wanted to comment here, since I'm the majority shareholder in an altcoin mining pool.
We've worked for 3100 hours over the past 12 months, in 80 hour weeks, and have spent tens of thousands of dollars to get our pool running.  Creating a mining pool requires a lot of capital for development, security testing, and marketing.  Once spent, these dollars are a sunk cost, meaning that they cannot be recovered.
If we assume that the article is correct, and altcoins fall to zero, then mining pools for altcoins will also be worthless.  The author makes the claim that such an outcome is good for bitcoin, for the reason that all the money invested in mining and in altcoins will instead be spent on other "entrepreneurial activities" like exchanges and sidechains and so on.  However, his assertion is false.
It's easy to see why if you consider a classic stock market crash.  When the market crashes, it doesn't cause some other sector of the economy to improve instead.  People who owned crashed stocks aren't moving their money to real estate, for example, because they don't have any money left.  Those people are simply removed from the economy and can no longer participate.  Many baby boomers were wiped out by the most recent stock market crash and are living day to day now, working into their 70s.
Whatever money is invested into the other businesses the author of the article favors, it cannot come from altcoins.  There are some people who invest in those businesses, and some people who invest in altcoin businesses.  The money invested into altcoin businesses will simply be gone if they fail, resulting in the bitcoin economy becoming smaller.  People like us will shut down, costing jobs of my employees, and we will be forced to obtain development jobs in other industries (like an aerospace firm down the street).  Even if we were physically ready to do another two years at 80 hours per week, we simply don't have any money left to do it.  We would be bankrupt, and could not afford to take risks anymore.
In the absence of a crash, on the other hand, people can sell businesses and make money that enables them to gain expertise and contribute to the field in other areas.  If altcoins thrive, then it is possible that some people who learned a lot about bitcoin from altcoins can afford to start these new companies being referred to on the bitcoin blockchain.
The author of that article is missing the critical piece that when crashes happen, money is *gone*.  It doesn't get reallocated, it simply disappears.  The people who made those investments get wiped out, and the economy contracts.  If the price of bitcoins continues to fall, companies are going to fail, and the knowledge base of bitcoin code is going to be lost as those developers are forced to obtain jobs elsewhere.  There are no circumstances where such failures are good for bitcoin in any way, as human resources are the most important aspect of any company or industry.
Note: I edited this post to point out that in addition to what I said above, there actually isn't any evidence that what the author of that article says (that altcoins are dying) is true.  In fact, our pool has maintained 5.03 cents per day consistently over the last few days despite this crash, falling to 5.02 this morning, well within normal hashrate increases for the past few months.  This kind of consistency has never been seen before.  The prices of altcoins (in terms of bitcoins) are rising, not falling with bitcoins or falling faster than bitcoins.  
There are a few altcoins like dogecoins that are getting all the press, but Junkcoins, for example, have been up 4x over the past month, making miners huge money.  If anything, these useless altcoins that provide no significant improvements are making more gains now than ever.
@_date: 2015-01-06 15:30:37
If you're talking personally about me having made sunk costs, then I disagree with the article entirely.  Altcoins are hugely profitable when bubbles occur.  Our business plan has always been to develop the most profitable pool, and have it in place when we can make $1k/day as newbies buy ASICs at the top of the next bubble.  I don't see any reason whatsoever why there would be any shortage of altcoins in any future bubbles.  The purpose of the altcoins will just be different: instead of having different algorithms, maybe they'll be "appcoins."  Whatever the case, altcoins will be around.
If you're talking about others having sunk costs and having started a business that has no potential at all, then that still doesn't make an argument towards staying in bitcoins.  Assume that you are an entrepreneur who started Junkcoin in the hopes that it would be the next big thing, but then you decide to dissolve your company.  Now, assume that you somehow aren't burned out and want to immediately try again.  Given that the costs are sunk, why would you choose a declining industry to start a new company?  Why not go into virtual reality gaming, or medicine, two industries that are going to be explosive for computer scientists in the coming decade?
@_date: 2015-01-08 13:07:57
You are referring to this issue as if it's a human decision.  Since I operate a mining pool, I would be glad to block transactions from this address.
But it isn't that simple.  Software takes months to test and get working right.  We have many things we need to get implemented to crush our competitors.
The reason why we personally won't block such transactions is simply because we don't care.  Our budget is tight.  We can't afford to pay a developer $10,000 to implement and test code to do this for this one case.  Even if we could, then the huge risk of taking the pool down to release a new version is not worth the benefit (which to us is zero, since our sole goal is to make money for ourselves and miners).
This needs to be looked at in terms of software, not in terms of human decision making.  While some people are trying to paint this as an ethical debate, the reason pools don't do anything is because it is too difficult to modify software to do something that doesn't make them any money.
@_date: 2015-05-09 16:22:47
However, you also introduce yet another person in the chain who can seize your bitcoins, or who can go bankrupt, or who can lose them.
I see holding "paper bitcoins" as just adding more layers of risk.  The stock brokers, the fund itself, and the markets all can go under and cause you to lose money.
@_date: 2015-05-30 17:45:49
Agreed.  These tests are demonstrating that a one-time increase will be a mistake of epic proportions.  The solution must be dynamic, whether it be a time-based function or a load-based function.
@_date: 2015-05-15 11:52:45
You only hire an employee if you are absolutely sure that the person is a good hire.  If there is any doubt, you don't.  There are actually many books on this subject.  The gist of them is that if at any time you find yourself thinking that you would not have hired an employee again were you to go back in time, then you should fire him immediately, because it's better to have nobody than to have someone who causes bugs or discord.
In my interviews, I have a set of questions that I've honed over the course of about 30 people.  They are designed to determine whether a person can think, not whether the person is an expert at computer science.  To that end, I ask questions about things like basic object inheritance, a brain teaser about sorting, a traveling salesman problem to see if the person recognizes that there is no optimal solution, the Monty Hall Paradox, and so on.
The goal is to find people who haven't done rote memorization of online courses.  The questions have been designed to present difficult problems to people and see if they can reason their way through them.  The second critical design for the questions is that if the person fails to reason their way through the questions, he stops and apologizes to admit he doesn't know the answer.  When a candidate lies and talks about how he was just discussing the problem last night but forgot what his friend told him about it, that's an automatic disqualifier.
The best employee I've ever hired was a 19 year old woman who had never taken a computer science class in her life.  She came in and didn't know how to use the Windows filesystem.  When she quit six months later, I would give her a strange error and she would come back a few hours later and say: "I taught myself how to compile the source code for dependency X because I read an article on Stack Overflow that said that version 5.2 of Y requires X but there is a bug in function Z, so I needed to install a different version and modify one line to get it to work."  She didn't know the language X was programmed in, but since she could reason her way through anything, she became better than I was at many things.
@_date: 2015-08-16 14:13:55
He's supporting the censorship by not resigning or speaking out in his opposition.
@_date: 2015-08-17 03:37:30
Then prove that you don't believe in censorship.
Announce your resignation on and state that you won't be posting on bitcointalk.org either.  I'll be the first to admit I was wrong about you and will offer a full apology.
Censorship is too important a topic for you to be able to sit sit idly by and say that you didn't have anything to do with it.  I challenge you to back up your talk with action.
@_date: 2015-08-16 14:20:40
The moderators can never be trusted again.
Reddit is a strange place, where you can see things others can't.  For example, if you are banned from a sub (or from reddit), you can still post and see your posts!  Nobody else will.
Not only that, but it would be more insidious if they started deleting selected posts, which could better change the debate in their favor.  For example, if 90% of the network is in favor, they could delete 8 out of every 10 posts, making it appear as if they are hosting "balanced and fair" discussion on the topic.
We should coalesce around which is not deleting posts.
@_date: 2015-08-02 11:29:27
I upvoted this post.
The cost is even more because of the data retention and intrusion testing requirements.
Running an exchange is such a low-margin business that there is no way that any altcoin exchange will continue to serve New York customers.
Altcoins are dead in New York.  While the license did take pains not to outlaw altcoin development, they are worthless without being able to trade them.
@_date: 2015-08-10 13:04:04
What should be done is that people just need to flood the subreddit with these posts, like was done before with the DVD key.  Eventually, he'll be spending his entire day deleting posts.  There is precedent for that having worked before.
He can't ban everyone, and if he does, there is @_date: 2015-08-02 14:07:38
This is an excellent example of how our society works nowadays.  You pass a regulation, and willfully decline to provide information on what penalties will be enforced for failure to comply.
That means that the only way to find out what the penalty is is to create a test case, and an altcoin exchange isn't going to be able to afford the attorney fees to defend such a case.
@_date: 2015-08-10 14:46:22
DVDs have a form of public and private key copy protection.  Licensed DVD players could decrypt the data necessary for playback, but there were no open source players because the protection hadn't been broken.
Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, posting information whose sole purpose is to circumvent digital rights management software is illegal.  Someone was able to obtain the master private key for DVD players and posted it online.  Digg announced a policy of deleting all submissions with the key in it to comply with the DMCA.
People figured out ways to express the key in other numbers, to embed it in text, to put it in images, and so on.  Eventually, Digg was so overwhelmed with posts that their entire front page was taken up by representations of the key.  They gave up and said that they would allow the key to be posted, regardless of the repercussions.
In the end, the movie studios did not sue Digg for the violation, and the key remains widely available on the Internet.  The story shows that if the users of a forum repeatedly post something to circumvent censorship, there is nothing that the moderators can do to stop them other than shutting down the forum, which would just drive people to freer forums.
@_date: 2015-08-02 14:10:16
That's fraud too.  The license clearly states that anyone associated with New York in any way is liable.  The people in the other state helping you with the fraud also incur liability in this conspiracy now, so you've made the problem worse.
The bottom line is that if you live in New York, then you're pretty much done with trading altcoins.  If I lived there, I would either be moving, or getting as far away from the industry as possible.
@_date: 2015-07-15 14:57:36
This isn't just a "drop in the bucket."
Filling up blocks doesn't increase transaction fees.  You need to fill up blocks with transactions paying the fee you want to raise fees to.  That's very expensive.
All that coinwallet.eu did during what they dishonestly call their "tests" is waste a lot of money.  They never paid high enough fees to raise the cost of sending a transaction.  When you fill up blocks with transactions containing the minimum fee, then all people have to do is pay 1% above the minimum transaction fee to be included.  If they had been intelligent, they could have succeeded in their intention of causing trouble by spending 10 times as much for 10 times less time to raise transaction fees to dollars per transaction.
That means that if they wanted our pool to pay $1.00 per transaction instead of the 10 cents we pay now every day, they would have had to pay $40,000 instead of $4,000.  For one week, they have to come up with $280,000 to cause us to lose $6.50 in profit.
But they were extremely stupid and didn't do that.  If they had thought their attack through, they would have realized that they didn't have enough money to cause any significant disruption.  And disruption is exactly what didn't happen.  They wasted thousands of dollars and all that happened is that things went back to normal a few days later, since they didn't consider that their fees were not high enough to cause anyone significant harm.
And what they did accomplish is establish litecoins as a viable alternative for the next attack.  Whenever someone tries this again, most people who just want to transfer value to someone else can do it in litecoins for a fraction of a cent until the attack ends and things return to normal again.
@_date: 2015-08-02 14:12:05
The VPN does not work.
In fact, if you use a VPN, that's basically admitting that you knew about the fraud you were committing.  If you used a computer to trade without a VPN, you could argue that you did so unintentionally.  A VPN makes it clear that you were intentionally engaged in fraudulent activity.
Altcoin trading is not worth the risk of jail.
@_date: 2015-07-13 15:09:33
I upvoted this post because we want to update our pool's nodes to the latest version, and hope that Debian's repositories are updated quickly.  Hopefully someone from Debian is listening.
@_date: 2015-07-21 18:03:08
Thanks, but that wasn't exactly what I was asking.
I was curious to know if people in startups like this need to be paid more than those in established fields, or if there are people willing to work for the same salaries despite the increased risk.
@_date: 2015-07-08 15:48:13
But wallets do do this by default.  Bitcoin Core has a flag that specifies how many blocks you are willing to wait.  The default is to pay to have transactions included in the next block, but you can change it.
Our pool was getting hit with fees of $1 for our payouts with that default value.  So we changed the number of blocks we are willing to wait to 15.  The code is very conservative and our payouts have always been confirmed within 10 blocks, and we only have to pay 10 cents per transaction now.
I'm not sure what the issue is here.  This functionality already exists and has existed for a while.
@_date: 2015-08-16 14:14:48
Warning to everyone: voat is also moderated by these same moderators.  Do not go to voat thinking you'll escape censorship.
**is the moderator of both and voat's /v/bitcoin.**
now has 1,000 readers and is growing.
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:33:11
Also available at @_date: 2015-07-31 18:54:26
This isn't accurate.
The image says "coinbase exchange" availability.  About 2/3 of the United States should be white.
This diagram needs to be corrected to either whiten out most states, or to change the text to "brokerage."
@_date: 2015-07-22 15:42:58
I've repeated many times:  this is just talk, just like the developers do.
It's not difficult to write a fork of bitcoin to make the block size 8MB with some sort of automatic increase, but nobody has done it.
This isn't a legislature where people discuss and vote on things.  The only way a solution is going to be adopted is if someone releases working code and tells people to switch to it.  If you want a solution to happen, then write it.  Don't waste months trying to obtain "consensus" or asking other people to do it.  Some people will adopt the software, and some will claim that the proposer is a "dictator," but my guess is that whoever actually releases working code first that has a somewhat reasonable solution will see that code be permanently adopted.
Nobody can upgrade to a larger block size if there is no code available to do so.  This should be obvious to people.
@_date: 2015-07-21 13:59:58
OpenBazaar has been promising to change the world for years now.  But between April and May's release, they fixed a grand total of about five bugs.
They don't even have a working Windows build yet, and they are somehow going to effect a release in four months?  That means they need to have a code freeze by September so that they can test.  Given their rate of progress, they'll be lucky to get a code freeze by next September.
While bitcoin is famous for "two weeks" deadlines, this is one of the more ridiculous I've seen.
@_date: 2015-07-07 12:13:35
No.  It's in the configuration file for Bitcoin Core.
Just set the number of blocks you want to wait in the file.  When you send transactions, bitcoin Core determines how much it costs to wait that many blocks.  It's simple and easy.
@_date: 2015-07-06 16:55:06
This is why it is so critical that there only ever be one hard fork for the remainder of bitcoin's history.
It is not acceptable to raise the 1MB transaction limit to 20MB and then "deal with it later."  As is being shown here, changes are dangerous and extremely expensive.  Any fix to the problem must be permanent and it should be intended that there never be a bitcoin hard fork again.
@_date: 2015-07-10 18:46:58
That doesn't hold up.  LTC crashed from 0.03 to 0.02 last night.  Since there are 3 times as many LTCs as BTCs, that implies that if every single one of the LTCs sold was for BTCs, the price of BTC would only rise 3% (0.01 * 3).
Even if 100% the LTCs sold has gone to BTC, the price could not have risen the close to 10% that it has overnight.  Therefore, if LTC has contributed to the BTC rise, it can only be a small factor.
@_date: 2015-08-02 15:14:42
But the license explicitly states that people who are located in New York, or who do business with people in New York, are also subject to its regulations.
@_date: 2015-07-21 16:27:11
Thanks for your reply!
I agree that there is a difference in the funding, but surely you agree that you can't expect the developers to work miracles in four months.
When you hire new developers, they have negative productivity for their first few months, because they need to understand the programming languages, the company, bitcoins, and so on.  I'd imagine that it will be three months before the number of bugs the programmers produce is lower than the number they fix.
@_date: 2015-07-31 23:19:23
Thanks for the correction.  I didn't realize there were 32 states supported now.
That's significantly more states than I seem to recall from earlier.
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:57:00
This was a problem well before the law was passed, and will be long into the future.
If you want to blame someone, the person to blame is Joe Leiberman.  A Senator from Connecticut, where insurance companies are based, he was the decisive vote that killed the public option.  The public option was essentially an expansion of Medicare to everyone.  Since Medicare is so much better than most of the private plans (where the executives raise costs with huge profits), the insurance executives were rightfully worried that if he allowed the public option to pass, their customers would flee to the government plan.
While it's difficult to speak for anyone else, I know that if it weren't for the Affordable Care Act, our mining pool ( would not be in operation today.  Before the Act required coverage for preexisting conditions, we could never have afforded to start a company.  The Act is the direct reason we formed the company on January 3, 2014, three days after the system went into effect.  We had wanted to do this in 2013, during the April bubble, but purposely waited until the next year to start.
This is an example of how the Affordable Care Act has directly enabled the formation of a business and helped grow the bitcoin economy.  Without the healthcare legislation, the bitcoin economy would be at least slightly smaller.
@_date: 2015-07-21 16:58:38
Out of curiosity, how many of the developers were you able to retain when you announced that these positions were going full time?
I know that my brother, who has a full-time job in a well-established industry, would never quit to work full time in bitcoins, given the extreme risk that the entire industry could disappear overnight.  Do you have to pay these people much more than an average developer of, say, accounting software to convince them to leave companies where they could have stable jobs for a long time, if not for life?
@_date: 2015-07-13 15:12:41
It's easy to say that a "legitimate" attacker would raise fees, but that would require a lot more money than Coinwallet.eu was wasting.
This is why I don't buy the conspiracy theories that it "only" costs a few thousand dollars to bring down the network.  If corporations and governments started to spend their money on such attacks, shareholders and the public would notice and question why their money was being spent on that.  And a private individual would have to be really hateful to justify wasting more than a million dollars per month to do something like that.
@_date: 2015-04-08 14:07:17
Coinbase deserves most of the criticism it receives.  They are closing accounts of people, and "effectively closing" others by asking them for impossible verification.  They are tracking purchases on the blockchain even after the purchases have left Coinbase's accounts, which is wrong.  Instead of standing up for customers in court, they are rolling over for big money, like Comcast did with the record companies.
That said, while people have very good reasons to dislike Coinbase, they shouldn't just downvote every post by their employees.
@_date: 2015-04-29 18:50:24
Every man for himself, I suppose.
I highly value articles like these.  When I see articles that claim to be "in-depth" but are only a few paragraphs, I usually just click "back."  Over time, I've found myself reading a few sites that really allow the reader to get into a topic.
@_date: 2015-04-06 15:22:33
People are focusing on the wrong reasons for this collapse.
There are a lot of bad names.  Uber, for example, is an awful name; it says nothing about what services the company actually provides.  For months, I saw that name in numerous articles and had no idea what the company did.  Uber is highly profitable, however.  People don't care about names if the product works.
Buttercoin actually has a troubled past.  The company started the day after Mt Gox crashed in April 2013 when someone created a subreddit at The guy decided that he was going to start an exchange that fixed Mt Gox's bad trading engine.  They wanted to produce open source software.
At the time, I and others pointed out that while it was easy to blame Karpeles as some sort of incompetent PHP programmer, the vast majority of production code in the world is fragile and inefficient.  During that April, it was extremely obvious that the people who were organizing buttercoin had no idea that it would take a long time to reach Mt Gox's level of technical success, let alone surpass it.  But even though there was nothing challenging about their idea and it is easy to write code, it is extremely difficult and expensive to obtain the necessary licenses and deal with the business end of things to get an exchange running.
Months later, they abandoned the idea of open source.  It should have been clear from the beginning that you can't build an open source project in a field where almost all the business expenses are in lawyers.  You can develop Linux for free because you don't need a lawyer to install it on your computer.
Then, rather than going home, closing the blinds, and putting in 24 hours a weekend to getting something released (like trading with fake money first), they went to venture capitalists, who entangled them in bureaucracy and feature creep.  Buttercoin was vaporware for years, during which time other exchanges who did more actual coding (rather than wasting resources on management and sales pitches) got platforms out.
In January of this year, someone or something must have finally caught up to them and the entire development team either quit or was fired.  Since it takes 6-12 months for a developer to reach full productivity, and costs hundreds of thousands of dollars when a developer leaves a company, the opportunity cost in that event was millions of dollars alone.  With developers being the only people who are actually important to a bitcoin company, they now either had no developers, or they had new developers who had negative productivity, because they introduced bugs as they learned the code.
The only point that's surprising about this news is that they managed to stay in operation as long as they did.  While their name might have played a small role, the reason for their failure is the same we've seen over and over in this industry.  Venture capitalists are happy to throw money at anything, hoping that it sticks.  These companies get a lot of press, they hire too many support personnel like marketers and customer service representatives, and they fail to understand the importance of hiring, retaining, and providing tools to software engineers.  As a result, the support staff burns up all the money before the mismanaged development team has enough time to build the best platform on the market.  Ethereum is an example of an organization that managed to spend millions of dollars in bitcoins, they are in the press every day, and somehow they have yet to release a product.  They are operating on borrowed (literally!) time.
Meanwhile, the companies that are succeeding are those where a few technical people put their heads down and develop a superior product.  They don't hire marketers and managers.  There is no time limit because they have few expenses.  They do everything, like purchasing equipment and filing taxes, themselves.  Eventually, when the product starts to gain customers, then they start to market and hire, or they don't even need to.  The Middlecoin pool and Bitcoin Builder were examples of successful bitcoin companies that made their creators $3m+.  They succeeded because they were developed by few people, they used hard work to create something with a minimal number of working features, the developers did as much as they could by themselves, and therefore they did not need to earn $50m just to make $100k in profits.
@_date: 2015-04-24 13:33:02
This guy has little idea of how technology works.  He is extrapolating linear trends for indefinite periods of time into the future.  However, paradigm shifts happen with little warning.
Saying that cash will last for 200 years is like the famous example of those who predicted that horse waste would be piled as high as skyscrapers (until the car came along).  If bitcoins succeed, the transformation will be rapid, and within a year or two the world will go from mostly using other currencies to mostly using bitcoins.
He also uses the example of artificial intelligence to suggest that, just because there has been little progress in 50 years, the field is going nowhere.  Actually, computers can now recognize faces better than humans can, and facial recognition is estimated to require 1% of the human brain's processing power.  When an exponential trend reaches 1% of completion, that actually means that the project is almost finished, not that there is 100 times as much time remaining.  The whole idea with AI is that it can learn to improve itself - humans have no idea how AI can recognize faces, for example.  That knowledge can then be applied to future versions.
This article should be ignored.  There are many reasons to suspect that cash will remain for a long time, but his argument that things have barely changed for a long time is not a valid one.
@_date: 2015-04-24 18:53:28
The future of mining is not in pools, but in banks building large ASIC farms to guarantee their customers' transactions getting onto the network without fees.
Once the value of the network becomes clear, these banks won't care about transaction fees or block rewards.  They will mine at a loss because they can charge their customers for the service.  Alternatively, they will take the losses just to prevent other banks and traders from getting their customers' funds across the network more quickly.  
Once someone is willing to lose money mining, for-profit pools can't exist anymore because the difficulty will be too high.
On a side note, I still think that the development team is concentrating on the wrong priorities.  While this feature is very important and it should be applauded, it is not a blocker if the entire world decides to move to bitcoin tomorrow.  What are blockers are the 1MB transaction limit, and its dependent feature of being able to send newly mined block headers only so that the larger blocks don't have to be fully uploaded.
@_date: 2015-04-02 14:14:30
There is no such thing as "DDoS" protection.  While I do agree that the millions of dollars in bitcoins that is inappropriately holding should be spent on the forums, there is no good way to mitigate DDoS attacks at a reasonable cost.  It is probably a better use of his funds to just wait until the attack goes away.
The reason that the Playstation Network was down for as long as it was in December is because unlike a security breach, DDoS attacks are just normal traffic directed at the server in excess.  The only way to mitigate such attacks is to buy more bandwidth than the attacker has.  When some of these attacks are exceeding 300 Gbps, even millions of dollars is insufficient to fully protect him.
It is indeed possible to pay someone else to take the brunt of the attacks, like Cloudflare, for example, but that isn't cheap.  Someone still has to have more bandwidth than the attackers have.  The larger the attack gets, the more money needs to be spent on defense.
Fortunately, however, such attacks are costly to the attackers.  They need to pay botnet owners significant amounts to mount attacks, and they are charged by the hour.  In many cases, simply waiting out the attackers and refusing to pay the ransom is sufficient to waste enough of their money that they will go attack someone else.
@_date: 2015-03-31 14:22:21
I agree that expenses are higher for families.  However, I still think that the main point of disagreement here is the idea of what circumstances are under our control.
You mentioned that you like to go downtown and spend $100 at a time.  While you're welcome to spend your money how you wish, I'm sure you agree that most people would see that as an indulgence that you choose for your own enjoyment that is above what the average blue-collar worker would be able to spend.  And it is true that medical expenses are costly (the drugs I take cost $5k/yr), but medical expenses can be influenced by simple actions like daily exercise.  Some doctors think that 80% of cancers are due to modifiable environmental factors.  Having a family costs a lot, but you have to choose to have children.  And you could, like I did, move to a small city where costs are cheap and commutes are short but there are still opportunities for social experiences.
People who make very little money are stuck in their jobs and can't afford to improve their lives.  But people who make a lot of money have the opportunity to make the choices necessary to reduce their costs if they so choose.  While it is possible that anyone can suddenly be diagnosed with cancer, people with money have the opportunity to make choices to significantly increase the odds that they will be rich.
That's what bothers me about the idea that anyone requires six figures to live.  Rich people who make $100,000 say things like "it costs me thousands of dollars in rent," as if there is no choice, whereas poor people simply live in places where rent costs $500 because they don't have a choice.  Rich people need to understand that it doesn't just cost that much to live; they chose to live a certain lifestyle, and they often do not understand that one can live a much simpler life that is just as happy.
I tried going to expensive events and driving more expensive cars and eventually realized that wasting all that money probably increased my happiness by 10%, at a cost of 50% of my income.  Instead, I'll now have enough money so that when I turn 35 I'll be able to cut my work down to 3 days a week.  When I look at the Lexus parked down the street, I ask myself: "would it be better to own that car, or to take six months off and have money to spare to travel during that time?"  Or: "is it better to live in this expensive apartment, or to be able to not work for 6 weeks a year instead?"  I've never been able to answer that question as "yes" for any physical item.
@_date: 2015-03-29 15:26:51
This is the most ridiculous bot I've seen.  It should be banned from here.  There are helpful bots, like the autowikibot, and then there is this trash.
What ever happened to assuming good faith of people?  The linked thread says nothing about downvoting; there's only one comment in it.
@_date: 2015-03-21 16:37:49
This post absolutely makes sense if a criminal is stealing from an honest person.  The problem with this situation is that we're dealing with criminals who are stealing from criminals.
If I were running the exchange, I would not have done what they did because I wouldn't want anything to do with criminals.  It's not the exchange's place to decide which criminals are more "right."  Legally, I don't see how you can take one side over the other because you don't want to be seen as a part of either group's activities.  Not only that, we've seen that the supposed "victims" of this theft have little morality when it comes to death threats, extortion, fraud, and so on.  Some of them are likely dangerous people who are armed and have no qualms with more serious crimes.
It's a poor idea for btc-e to get involved in this situation.  Let the drug dealers sort it out themselves and kill each other if they want to.  I'd stay away from this as far as possible.
@_date: 2015-03-08 13:53:26
Every altcoin that transitions from Proof of Work to Proof of Stake fails.  We can debate the reasons why, but history has clearly shown that for whatever reason, coins do not survive this transition.  Look at Elacoins, where miners continued with the Proof of Work fork and then eventually both forks were discontinued by Cryptsy.  Nyancoins are trying to do this now, and again the Proof of Work fork is gaining value to reject the change after spending months at 1-2 satoshi.
People like to brush off altcoins as worthless, but there are lessons to be learned.  Proof of Stake transitions have consistently spelled disaster for coins that attempt to make the change.
@_date: 2015-03-30 21:21:17
I read the complaint behind this and simply cannot fathom how Force could get involved in something like this.
It clearly states that the DEA paid him $150,000.  Under what rational circumstances does anyone who makes such an insane amount of money need to steal bitcoins?
These people are idiots simply for doing this in the first place.  If I made that much, I would work for 15 years, save $1.5m dollars, and then never work again.  It boggles the mind that someone could be so stupid to steal money when he already has his life made.
@_date: 2015-03-31 01:38:57
Are you seriously trying to say this?
The median income is around $37,500.  If someone lives in a place where $150,000 is not enough to survive, then it's time to move.  I think I spend about $30,000 per year and consider my lifestyle luxurious.
Money is useless to buy anything except freedom and time.  As technology advances, there's nothing that a rich person can buy that is more than marginally better than what a poor person owns.  100 years ago, the rich lived on a different planet than the poor.  Now, $600 gets you a device that can do things once thought unimaginable, and it is the same thing the richest person can buy.
@_date: 2015-03-15 14:01:01
We actually went the opposite way and are disabling IPv6 for all 150 of our daemons this week.  People who want to change to IPv6 should be aware that there are many problems that make running a production system unstable.
We were surprised when Verizon started resolving the IP addresses for exchanges like Bleutrade as IPv6.  What was happening was that there was a router somewhere between us and Bleutrade that does not support IPv6 or which is misconfigured.  The DNS entries resolve correctly, but we can't connect to them.  The result is that a request is sent to the IPv6 address, it takes 10 seconds to time out, and then another DNS lookup is performed to get an IPv4 address, which is reachable and immediately connects.
The end result of this was failsafes being triggered because we could not get up-to-date pricing from the exchange.  More importantly, there was an increase in orphaned blocks, especially in daemons with fast block times, because of this timeout problem.
We will revisit IPv6 in one or two years, after the technology is more widely deployed.  It only takes one misconfigured router somewhere to make it impossible, or extremely slow, to connect to an IPv6 address.  Until then, we are disabling IPv6 connectivity.  
For a home user, this is just a minor annoyance; for example, it just takes a little longer to connect to CNN but every other news site works.  If you choose to enable IPv6 for a server, you should recognize that it's not as simple as just making sure you have an IPv6 address.  You could end up with a situation where 20% of people can't connect to you but the rest can, and it's impossible to figure out why because packets are being dropped by an unsupported router somewhere across the world.
@_date: 2015-03-31 11:53:18
The key in your post is the "mortgage payment on a too big house" and "car payment" and (most of all) "drinking night out a few times a week."  I've been surprised at watching episodes of "Bar Rescue" how people are willing to go to a bar and pay $8 (!) for a single drink, which is a 7x markup, without thinking twice.
@_date: 2015-03-08 13:47:24
I've also said that we need a "common exchange API" so that developers can access each exchange's functions easily.  The way thing are now, there are small exchanges that unintelligently create yet another API, rather than looking at a company like Coinbase or Cryptsy and duplicating their functions.  That means that most people who use exchanges are likely to stay with the established ones solely because it takes too much development time and risk to implement a new API.
If there was a common exchange API standard, then (among other things) the website you requested would be easy to create and maintain.  When a new exchange pops up, they implement the API standard and tell the website the address.  When their fees and other things change, the website will change its displayed data.
I don't see why it is so difficult for the exchanges to decide on a common format, like JSON, and then simply call functions the same.  Why does Cryptsy have getbalances and Allcoin have getinfo, and why is the word "Currency" capitalized at half the exchanges but not the other half?  There is no business reason for that.  was able to standardize the stratum protocol for miners, so it's time for someone to do it with exchanges.
@_date: 2015-03-21 23:36:45
I'm not suggesting that anyone steal from anyone.  Since everyone is "wrong" in this case, the exchanges should stay out of it.  How are they supposed to determine who owes who how much money?
Not only that, but there are probably scammers who aren't involved in the original theft at all who are trying to get money from the exchange by claiming it was stolen from them.  That's why I would just ignore anyone other than the police who claims they own these funds.
@_date: 2015-03-31 11:51:42
I don't understand this post.  Forgive me for my confusion.
First, the median "household" income is $52,000.  That number is misleading because there are many "households" where two people are living in the same house.  The number I'm referring to is how much an individual makes.
As to the $150,000, I'm not sure what that has to do with risking a career.  The document clearly states that the risks he took were for much more.  What I said was that because he was being paid $150,000 already, there was no point in risking anything.  He already had more than enough money to live an unbelievable quality of life without needing to steal anything, which is why he was so stupid.
@_date: 2015-03-21 14:02:30
This is the sort of "low-effort" post that should be downvoted, and I did so.
Couldn't you spend five seconds to right-click on the red squiggly line and spell "withdrawal" correctly?
@_date: 2016-05-12 18:17:59
The definition varies, but using New York as an example, it was clarified recently that a "money transmitter" is someone who "receives and transmits" money.  Money transmitters are required to apply for licenses that are too expensive for us to remain profitable.  Being money transmitters is why many companies decided to leave New York - because the licensing fees were too high for them to make any profit.
By not accepting deposits, we don't "receive" money from anyone, which means that we aren't a money transmitter.  We only send money to pay people for the work they perform for us.
@_date: 2015-03-30 19:06:52
That's not exactly true.  There are some types of licenses, like medical, pilot, and money transmitter licenses, that can't be obtained with a felony conviction.
He won't be able to own an exchange, for example, because he will not be able to be licensed in New York under the proposed legislation.
@_date: 2016-05-12 18:40:54
Yes.  People are owed certain coins, and we mine other coins.  We need to get rid of the coins people don't want, and hold the coins that people do want.
@_date: 2016-05-03 23:49:25
Rumors?  As far as I can tell, Todd's own words are quoted.
@_date: 2016-05-04 13:12:15
If the reason for revoking access was due to inactivity, then should have said that he wanted to revoke commit access due to being an inactive contributor.  That's not what Todd said.
@_date: 2016-05-03 23:39:06
The attack threads on are indeed vile.
But those threads are not being stickied to the top by and they are not being created by bitcoin developers.  Random threads on reddit receive relatively few views.  People like theymos and Todd are expected to be held to higher standards than everyone else because their actions create enormous consequences.  Those in charge of institutions set an example for everyone else, and those two, among others, have significant fault because they use their power to rally others into this abuse.  It's time they exercise some personal responsibility for their actions.
@_date: 2015-02-17 19:45:19
My brother addressed just this topic at   Rather than repost the entire message, I'll just include the link.
The gist is that people don't understand economics.  Security should be proportional to the amount of money at stake.  It doesn't make sense to spend $50,000 in auditing to protect $25,000 in funds, for example.  It does make sense to spend $50,000 to protect $1m.
The problem with these exchanges is not their security practices at the start.  It is unreasonable and uneconomical to spend so much to protect a few hundred dollars of customer assets.  When customer assets begin growing, then the security should also increase.  The real issue is that the exchanges become greedy.  Once they get rich, they decide to keep the profits rather than invest in the security that is now necessary.
@_date: 2015-03-29 12:46:38
As wtfbbqqw says, and EFF and Coinbase have agreed, people are starting to come around to the idea that the only solution at this point is for the entire scheme to be thrown out and started over.  The regulations are too flawed and need to be approached from a completely different view.
In politics, things that don't get done quickly often get dropped.  The best strategy at this point is for opponents to delay the process as much as possible.  If this round of comments is met with largely negative reviews, and we can get one more comment period, it is likely that eventually the entire process will just grind to a halt indefinitely.
This is like when a government wants to build a highway.  Look at   The houses and trees for this road were cleared in 1977.  Since then, opponents have attended every board meeting and have held so many protests that the process gets delayed over and over.  There was millions of dollars spent on engineering plans for the road, and they had a design year of 2020 (roads are designed for traffic 25 years in the future).  Once they finally got through all the meetings, it's now almost 2020 and they had to go back to the drawing board to come up with new plans.
The BitLicense can be defeated this way as well.  As long as there is always "one more comment period," eventually the license will become so obsolete that they will have to start over, further delaying the process and wasting enough money that the idea fails completely.
@_date: 2015-03-31 13:11:20
I computed my earnings and savings recently because we are trying to  stretch the budget for our mining pool until more features get out to attract more customers.
I determined that I had an income of $105,000 last year after taxes (60% from salary and 40% from how much the stock market rose) and spent $19,500 in actual living costs.  I paid $700/month in rent, about $700 in food costs, $5/wk = $250 in gas, $240 in car insurance, $300 for a 3-year-old smartphone contract, $1000 to repair my car's engine when it failed and to trade up to a three years newer Prius, $800 for entertainment expenses for things like year-old video games ($5-10 each) and DirecTV service, and some miscellaneous expenses for things like Christmas presents that were largely offset by the cash I received in return.
I live in a 1600 sq. ft house with one other person and I commute a few minutes to work.  After work and on weekends, I spend another 40 hours working on the mining pool.  When not doing that, I play racquetball, go to the pool, or lift weights in the winter.  Sometimes, watch movies at home, because they are cheaper and the experience is actually better than going to a loud and crowded theater where you can't press "pause" to go to the bathroom.  I go out to eat and participate in Toastmasters competitions for social interaction.
As to the rest of the money that I didn't need, most of it went into or back into the stock market.  About $8,000 was invested into the mining pool, and I lost $20,000 in bitcoins.
This is why I find it ridiculous that anyone needs anything close to $150,000 to live.  Life isn't about how much stuff you can buy.  I do not live in poverty.  I don't make an exceptionally high wage.  I wouldn't be any happier if I made that much money, except that I could put it into the stock market and get to the point sooner where I no longer have to allow other people to dictate what I do with my life.  I simply save almost everything I earn and live a reasonable, but not wasteful, life.
It's really sad that someone who makes so much money would get involved in such stupid things because he simply doesn't get it.  The only useful thing that money can buy is freedom to do what you want, and this guy risked the one thing that is actually worth something.
@_date: 2015-02-13 23:39:53
I won't be contributing any more to this discussion.  I'll leave this post to make it clear to anyone who comes across this that:
1.  We have many security measures in place, the most important of which is simply that mandatory payouts leaves only one day of earnings available to steal.
2.  Our business has never lost a dime of any customer's money.
3.  Anyone who states otherwise is lying.
@_date: 2015-02-11 18:02:55
Why are this user's posts being downvoted?  Downvoting is for posts that don't contribute to the discussion.
You don't downvote posts simply because you disagree with them.  I strongly disagree with 1s44c's posts, but he is making a valid argument.
@_date: 2015-02-13 16:17:05
I stated this yesterday about the PokerStars integration:  the only bitcoin media organization that people should trust as fact is Coin Fire.
Cryptocoinsnews accepts "featured articles" that are paid advertisements.  They consistently get stories wrong and insert opinions into pieces presented as factual.  The source they provided in this article was a forum post, not an insider or even an article from a reputable newspaper.
Given Cryptocoinnews's history of poor reporting quality, this article should not be treated as anything more than speculation by the author.
@_date: 2015-02-27 14:57:13
I look at downtrends and uptrends in terms of price, because I think that price neatly summarizes all of the relevant factors in the bitcoin economy.  People like to look at transaction volume (which includes spam) or VC money (which means little), but it's all secondary.  If people want to use bitcoins, they have to buy them.  If they don't, then they don't buy any.  Price also captures the idea of people viewing bitcoin as "sketchy," because we'll know when that view disappears when price rises.  News articles, merchant acceptance, and the like all tend to follow price.  
I don't think that it's worth people's effort to start "pitching" bitcoins to anyone.  It's the same reason why I disagree with the idea that bitcoins are too difficult to understand for the average person.  People like to lie about lots of things, and they come up with excuses.  Smartphones are actually very difficult to use and are incredibly complex, but few people say "I'm not going to use a smartphone because it's too difficult to use."  I run a mining pool and I often find myself searching the Internet for how to do something with a smartphone.  People teach themselves to use phones when their friends want to send them text messages.
The same would happen with bitcoins if people wanted to use them.  There are plenty of wallets available where you just point a phone at a code and click "Send."  It's not difficult to understand the concept of a bitcoin address and sending money online.  People who fall victim to CryptoLocker schemes and don't have backups have no problem going to Localbitcoins sellers and asking them for help to pay the ransom.
People will learn to do things when there is a demand to do them, which is why it's a waste of effort to pitch bitcoin adoption to people.  The real solution to increasing bitcoin adoption is very simple: get OpenBazaar up and running.  Once that happens, the ability to buy things at lower prices than they are sold on eBay will cause these "confused" people to come around quickly.
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:23:10
The way I see it, and I could be wrong, is that everyone benefits from altcoins except altcoin developers.  If altcoins are truly not a threat, then their failures prove that the bitcoin system is the best and doesn't need to be improved.  If altcoins are better in some way, then bitcoin developers can backport the changes that make a particular coin better.
It seems to me that, rather than being neutral or hostile to altcoins, bitcoin development should be encouraging altcoins.  For one, altcoins provide free testing; if there are 600 copies of bitcoin, then it is likely that one of the poor copies will be hacked, and bitcoin can patch the hole or avoid it in the future.  They also provide a way to see how bitcoin would have evolved if certain features hadn't been added.  BBQCoin, for example, does not have support for getblocktemplate, and its hashrate is low probably because of that.
The number of things altcoins have proven is large.  For example, they have proven that no algorithm is better than SHA-256; there are now X11 ASICs coming out even.  Auroracoin proved that you can't just give people coins and expect usage will increase.  Since 40% of altcoins converted to a block time of 60s, that seems to prove that bitcoin could increase its transaction rate by safely increasing its block frequency, and so on.
I think that the hostility towards altcoins is wrong.  You talked about free work in another post.  Altcoin developers are doing free work for the bitcoin development team.  Bitcoin developers should be taking every opportunity to make life easier for them whenever it is possible to do so.
@_date: 2015-02-27 13:21:52
We've had an argument in the past, but I see agreement here.
While I personally don't know any software developers who make $150k, there are many developers I know who make "only" $80-100k who would never consider a job in bitcoins.  I think you miss the core issue here.  It's about the long-term prospects of bitcoin.
With bitcoins in a long-term downtrend, few developers are going to take a job in an industry that could be on its way out without a significant pay increase.  For example, if I made $90k in medical systems, then I would need to make $130k in bitcoins, solely because there is no question that people are going to continue to die, while bitcoins are far from a sure thing.
The pay increase reflects developers' risk levels.  If they have to take a risk that they could be out of a job when the bitcoin economy crashes, then they need to be paid more.
That means that not only are developers not willing to devote time for free, but they also are not willing to devote time at the going rate.  To get into an industry like this where their jobs could be gone the next day, they expect to be paid accordingly to take on that risk.  I never expected Lighthouse to succeed because the pay for most of the projects would have to be so high for quality developers that none will take the jobs.
@_date: 2015-02-18 16:25:43
Because we would actually be able to sign up for it.
I tried signing up for Bitstamp, and sent them a passport copy and all the paperwork they requested, but they never replied.  Coinbase isn't available in Pennsylvania, and Bitfinex does not have a push API.  We can't do business with Chinese exchanges that sell for yuan.
As to features, I don't care about them.  We just want to be able to sell bitcoins immediately after they are mined at whatever price they are worth.  These exchanges have lots of "features," but the only important ones are actually being able to sign up and getting real-time price updates.
@_date: 2015-02-18 19:44:57
In general, things can be written in code pretty quickly.
The challenge is in testing.  When we release new mining pool features, it usually takes one weekend to write them, and then three or four weekends to test them.  The ratio of testing to implementation is about 4:1.
Not only that, but as a project gets bigger, then you need to do things like automated testing.  And since there are more things to break, the odds of bugs being caused amongst the huge number of features already existing is higher.
@_date: 2015-02-05 15:13:00
I fully agree with this statement, but not with the result.
I don't smoke, or drink alcohol.  The only drugs I use are those required to control my mental disorder.  I don't get high on weed or crack.  I agree that there are many problems caused by drug use.  I wish we lived in a world where I could go out at night and have friends who don't feel the need to get drunk to have a good time.
The world would be a much better place if people didn't use drugs.  I don't think anyone doubts that.  There would be fewer deaths due to overdoses and more involvement in community activities that don't involve drugs.
That said, all of my thoughts are irrelevant because it isn't up to me to decide whether people should use drugs.  I will never use drugs or associate with people who use them, but you and I don't have any right to decide what other people are allowed to do to themselves.  The reason is that such a belief implies that I am better than those people, and people are born equal.  As long as those people aren't harming anyone else, they should be allowed to do whatever they want to themselves.
The solution to the "drug war" is to change the focus from arresting people who use drugs to arresting people who are involved in the crimes surrounding drugs.  Want to use coke?  That fine, but if you commit an armed robbery to buy it, you get automatic life.  If you use heroin and cause a car crash, 5 years minimum.  Smoking weed in a public place near other people?  30 days in jail on the first offense.  Use drugs while under 18?  Juvenile hall and a school suspension.
Make all the drugs legal, and then heavily penalize activities that harm others while using those drugs.  The penalties need to be extreme to get across the point that using drugs is dangerous.  That way, people who use drugs in moderation and don't harm anyone else, and who aren't causing any problems for society, can make an informed decision about the risks and benefits of drug usage.  Jails will be filled with people who actually harm others, rather than people who could possibly and hypothetically harm others at some point in the future.
@_date: 2016-05-03 23:22:29
We'll see if deletes this post before you read it, but I want to reply to clarify that this article does not claim that Andresen is without fault.
It instead states that the way Todd, Maxwell, theymos, and the brigade of reddit users have been blowing this up is immoral and unethical.  It's fine to disagree, but nobody deserves to be treated the way they have been treating him the past 24 hours.
@_date: 2015-02-24 20:18:59
Mining altcoins is far more profitable than mining bitcoins is.  Altcoin mining profitability hit a 4-month high this weekend.
I don't understand why people are buying SHA-256 ASICs when, by all metrics, scrypt ASICs are clearly more profitable.
@_date: 2015-02-27 14:39:45
I think this post might have misinterpreted the point of the previous post.  It certainly is true that people who take risks get rewards.  Nobody disagreed on that.
What we agreed on is that because of these risks, it is not possible to give out bounties like Mike Hearn is doing and expect quality work to be produced at the going rate.  Hearn is even worse off because he's essentially trying to get contract workers, who take on yet more risk than full-time workers.  Mr. Maxwell lamented that all these bounties produced no long-term developers.
The work Hearn's site is paying for has a huge premium.  He has two problems: he wants people to work in bitcoins instead of, say, insurance (increased risk), and he wants short-term contracts (increased risk).  His model is flawed because he can't pay the amount necessary to get good developers to take these risks.  I'd imagine that a developer with a job at Google or at a bank would want 2x his current salary to change to this sort of work.
The reason it costs so much more is because these workers need to consider the time they will be out of work if either bitcoins fail or the contract runs out.  They could work for 6 months and then spend 3 months pounding the pavement for a new job.  And at that new job, they won't be a supervisor anymore and have to start at the bottom with a lower salary.  Finally, they now have a shredded resume and will be viewed as someone who changes jobs too frequently, lowing future salary potential.  These factors easily cost a 2x risk premium.  That's before considering health insurance, which can cost $600/month for a plan that is actually comparable to an employer plan (not the "bronze" plans on the marketplace) and is not included in these bounties.
@_date: 2015-02-04 22:05:59
Winners and losers: 
@_date: 2015-02-13 20:20:28
I don't appreciate the personal attacks in this response.  I thought this was supposed to be a professional organization.  I don't like this change, but I never used namecalling, called you "entitled," or falsely accused that you are incapable of "handling third parties bitcoins."
In fact, Prohashing has never lost a single coin of any type to hacking and has covered 100% of all customer debts in its entire history, including when Cryptsy's own system had bugs that caused our customers large losses.
This post significantly lowers my confidence level in Mr. Maxwell and the whole development team.  If criticism is met with immediate personal attacks, then I see no reason to contribute to bitcoin development.
@_date: 2015-02-11 18:01:12
The argument that alcohol is the  cause of impaired driving deaths is misleading.
Alcohol is clearly the leading cause of drunk driving now, but there are certainly some people who would use heroin and drive were heroin legally available.  There isn't enough evidence to draw conclusions that alcohol is the most dangerous drug for driving, simply because there aren't many as drivers who use the other drugs.
@_date: 2015-02-18 17:49:47
If we were looking for a btc-only exchange, I think that Bitfinex would be a good choice, but Bitfinex has no good ways to get our cash profits out after they are sold without losing lots of money to transfer fees.  With Coinbase, they can be deposited through ACH.
The other problem with Bitfinex is that because they don't have a push API, our audit database that protects against hackers can get out of sync with the orders the trades were actually executed against, which is a time consuming process to validate and correct.
@_date: 2015-02-19 18:46:54
This report reveals almost nothing more than what was known an entire year ago, except that "events" ceased to happen during a defined sleep period.
I find it particularly useless that they say at the bottom that they have more data but haven't shared it.  Yet, at the same time, they say that the reason they are releasing this report is because they want people to help them investigate.
If I had the time, what reason would I have to help them investigate?  Since they haven't revealed everything they know, any "investigation" that anyone provides to them will likely consist of information they already know.  If you're starting six months behind them, then it's highly likely that you will spend six months just rehashing whatever they have already found by now, wasting a lot of time for no benefit.
@_date: 2015-02-18 19:50:22
On another note, technology grows at an exponential rate.  It took us six months to get the first exchange trading script working.  Getting multiple exchanges working took about two months.  Adding the third and fourth took one week, combined.  That's because the backend foundation required a long time to get right, but implementing new things on top of it is now easy.
When you look at projects like OpenBazaar, at first most of the work that is being done is backend foundation stuff.  The user interface is the last part that goes on top of everything that needs to be built first.  There is nothing to see for years, and then within a month it's simple to implement features that use well-tested backend code.
This is also happening in self-driving cars and virtual reality now.  It will probably happen with curing aging and cancer in 10 years.  It looked like self-driving cars were a dream for decades, and Google's prototype was always a joke out of reach.  Now, Nissan and Tesla have autonomous cars on the road for testing they want to roll out in 2 years.  There are even rumors that Apple is producing a self-driving car.
Just because you don't see anything now doesn't mean a technology is going nowhere, because technology is not a linear process.  You need to look at the code to see where the foundation is and where the knee of the curve is likely to be reached.
@_date: 2015-02-05 16:10:32
If a person is drugged by someone else (like in the case of a date rape drug), then obviously that person can't be held responsible for his or her actions.
I think that this argument above falls short because even if a person loses all control after having taken a drug, he was still in control when he decided to take the drug in the first place.  This is already well-entrenched in the legal system; down the street from where I live, a woman sniffed glue and then swerved into an oncoming lane, killing the other driver.  She was convicted of murder and got 23 years.
This is a correct verdict because she intentionally caused herself to get into that state with the decision to sniff the glue, and therefore the intent transfers to the killing.  There aren't any changes needed to this precedent; just make the drugs themselves legal.
As to this argument of "free will," I don't agree with this interpretation that free will has limitations because there are simply too many things that could affect how "free" people's will is.  Everyone has some problem or another; some people are lazy, others procrastinate, some use drugs, I have bipolar disorder, etc.  There are times when I don't feel like working out, but the reason I'm not overweight is because I do it anyway, even though I hate doing it every moment I'm on the treadmill.  
More interestingly, I don't expect my boss to forgive me because my insomnia caused me to only sleep 2 hours the night before; I get up and go to work.  In fact, 90% of the time, I'm doing things I don't want to do.  I do them so that I can have the 10% of the time that I can do stuff that I enjoy doing.
Free will is the core component upon which civilized society is built.  It's not possible to have a society where we grade everyone's "free will" on a scale and assign differing levels of responsibility for how that person should be expected to behave.  Who would make this assignment?  How would people agree on the scale itself?
And of course, the whole concept of differing will assumes that levels of free will are static, whereas even if a person currently has a limited amount of "free will," he can likely change it through active intervention over time.
"Free will" is a dangerous concept to get into.  When we state that people don't have free will, then we give them a pass to do whatever they want.  Not only is that bad for society, it's also morally wrong to allow some people to get more enjoyment out of life because it has been determined that they have less free will than someone else.
@_date: 2015-02-13 20:31:55
I don't agree with this idea that altcoin developers are competing against bitcoin developers.  I never take a stand on whether a particular altcoin is worthwhile or not, but why would it ever be good to make things worse for anyone?  If there is a way to make life better for people, why not take advantage of it?  If a simple change can make things easier for altcoin developers, then why not do it?
In the case of a corporation trying to make things difficult for its competitors, I can understand the purpose of creating trouble for them.  But when nobody is being paid, why would anyone want to work against anyone else?  I don't get it.  The whole purpose of open source software is to make life better for everyone.
@_date: 2015-02-20 13:07:34
I never understand why these businesses don't sell out.
This must be the third big business this week that has suddenly closed without notice.  While they might not be able to earn seven figures for their business, there is always someone who will be willing to pay some price for it.
I don't get it.  If they have working software that allows people to play poker, it's worth something no matter whether it has bugs in it or not.  They could sell it and the new owner would either continue operations or announce restructuring.  It's not as if poker is going to disappear.  Even their customer list itself has value.  Why these people suddenly shut down without transferring ownership doesn't make sense.
@_date: 2015-02-13 14:53:05
Still, someone should have thought through this and asked:  "hmmm, if we remove this feature, then what consequences could that have?"  And one of them would have been "because altcoins don't update on the same schedule, now every altcoin is going to have different syntax in their .conf files, and because this is the first time that anything in a .conf file has ever been invalidated, we have destroyed the previous benefit of complete compatibility across all the coins in configuration files."
While they might not be responsible for every altcoin's decisions, surely someone should have recognized that this "minor" change would have long-lasting repercussions.
@_date: 2015-02-18 13:06:48
What's interesting about this is that most people still can't use it.  Imagine if the service were available in all states.  I, for one, would be there in a flash.
@_date: 2015-02-13 14:31:46
I have no problem with them supporting subnets.  My issue is that they inexplicably decided to remove support for the old syntax with no good reason to do so.
It's not as if it is a security risk to parse both syntaxes.  It actually took more work to delete the old code than to leave both parsers in.  This is a poorly-thought-out change.  Once something is deployed, you should never make breaking changes unless they are absolutely critical (and this clearly is not).
As to the idea of people running only one node, it is true that most people only run one node.  However, the people who are providing the critical services, like big pools, exchanges, and brokers like Coinbase run tens or hundreds of nodes.  These are the people who need to upgrade to get the important changes in this release accepted, and they are less likely to do so because of this and other unimportant changes.
People are always looking at charts and wondering why so many people are running old versions like 0.8.  The reason is that the developers continually ignore configuration and focus on coding.  We delayed an upgrade to version 0.9 for over 6 months because bitcoin was the only coin that required a newer version of a Debian dependency.
Look at how Java is developed.  There are classes that are "deprecated" for many years before they are removed.  A new version of Java never appears that suddenly deletes some key part of the API.
I worry that this is going to happen when a hard fork comes along.  Instead of making it easy to just compile a new binary and overwrite, the developers might force irrelevant breaking changes like this along with the fork.  It's important to change ONLY what is necessary for the security of the system, to announce even minor changes well in advance, and to have a deprecation period.
To see how absurd this is, we have a working system that has processed over **1000 bitcoins**, more money than some people will ever make in their entire lives - and the developers are asking us to put that at risk simply because they want to remove wildcard characters?
@_date: 2015-02-16 20:55:43
Coindesk simply doesn't have the track record that Coin Fire has.  Nobody is perfect, but in the absence of additional information, I continue to believe Coin Fire.
They have proven through their actions that they produce reliable journalism.  Other websites have simply not done so.  When these other sites stop accepting all paid articles (including those that are marked as paid) and have no false articles for six months, I'll start to believe them.  Until then, everything else is just hearsay.
@_date: 2015-02-24 15:05:30
I looked at this website, but noticed that you don't have the address for donations front and center.  You only have a QR code.
I don't have a mobile app and, to send bitcoins, we would need to type sendtoaddress [address].  Of course, it's possible to figure out the address from the code, but it takes time.  By not posting the 1XXXX address below the QR code, you may be turning away a group of people who would otherwise donate.
@_date: 2015-02-20 16:06:31
Hmmm, but they didn't declare bankruptcy.
The problem with just allowing a liquidation to occur like this is that by announcing that they were closing, the business drops in value immediately.  Customers think they are going to lose money and run for the exits.
If they instead announced a sale with business continuing as normal, then customers wouldn't leave and the business would be worth more.
@_date: 2015-02-27 20:47:51
I'm surprised at this comment.  In their first comment, they came up with a long list of problems that should be fixed and sounded supportive.
In this comment, they effectively say that the regulations themselves are not necessary and the entire proposal should be dropped.  They provide no recommendations for improvement or replacement, only minor "amendments" to existing money transmitter regulations.
Even though they terminate accounts constantly and still can't get their exchange operational in Pennsylvania, for once they have made the correct response.  The regulations are so broken that they are unsalvagable.  Coinbase has pointed that out.  The only way for Lawsky to create reasonable regulations is to start over, or to do nothing for a few years and then create regulations where appropriate.
Other companies should follow this statement by pushing for the process to be restarted or terminated.  The revisions after the last comment period were unacceptable.  It took over a month longer than Lawsky said for the second draft to appear.  If no bubble appears within the next few months, enough opposition now could stall the process long enough that it dies naturally, with no politician being willing to enact unpopular regulations now that the mania over bitcoins has left the spotlight.
@_date: 2015-02-13 13:11:26
And why was this done, exactly?
This is an example of breaking something that works fine, and it's another example of the reasons why people like me **do not update** frequently.  If this new syntax is necessary, what harm will be caused by also allowing the old syntax?
This is extremely frustrating.  Sometimes there are very important reasons for making breaking changes.  This is not one of them.  This means that I'm going to have to modify all the templates I use to deploy virtual machines with this new syntax, which is much harder than just replacing a binary and restarting bitcoind.  
These machines were secure and tested, and now it's possible I could introduce a bug by forgetting to make this change.  Not only that, but all the downstream altcoins are going to be merging on their own schedules, sucking development time into dealing with these two possible cases from here on out.
Sometimes I think that developers never look at production systems in their entire lives and don't appreciate how difficult it is to keep such systems stable and running.  If they did, they would never make trivial changes like these backwards-incompatible.
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:15:16
I don't know what else to say in response to this.
These sweeping generalizations that you are making are irresponsible.  How can you go from a criticism of a change in a configuration file to that suddenly being a signal of a business that is going to lose customer money?  I stated that those claims are unprofessional because they are.  There have never been any customer funds lost and these two things have absolutely nothing to do with each other.  Our pictures are on the website and we stand behind everything we do.  And even if you thought that I was "entitled," then it is a personal attack that is not relevant to anything being discussed here.
Why are bitcoin developers coming here to start personal feuds?  If you disagree, then say so and we can debate the merits of the topic.  I might even come to agree.  But stop making unfounded claims about how we are likely to run our business.