@_author: prokra5ti
@_date: 2016-04-22 09:18:06
A better explanation is that I'm trying to use economics principals to make worthless internet points into something that have value, and can in fact be traded for bitcoins.
So, we use kr5dditz, as the site currency... which you earn through being modded up, and also from moderating other comments...
Like reddit, the more your post is modded up, the higher up the page it is posted.
Unlike reddit, you can mod up as much or as little as you like, up to the limit of your available (spendable) kr5dditz.
If you want to post unpopular content, you can purchase kr5dditz with bitcoin (off of our users, on the exchange) and mod your own content up.
Conversely, if you're a good kr5dditor, you can sell your kr5dditz on the exchange for real bitcoin!
We're still a work in progress... am especially interested in developers (python / django), alpha testers, and those willing to invest a small amount of bitcoin and try out our exchange.
All the best... thanks for checking us out.
@_date: 2015-06-28 07:45:20
I'm confused by how the automatic market maker works... As an author of say a binary outcome market and I put 1BTC liquidity into the market... does that make both outcomes start at payout of 50% or what?
What if, as the author, I know that the apriori probabilities are more like 10%/90%... can't people just bet againt the market maker? So... the author could lose quite a bit?
@_date: 2014-07-20 09:40:40


I knew someone would bring up rationality... it's a well defined term... it simply means if you have the choice of A, B and C, and you would chose A over B and B over C you would therefore chose A over C... I said it was trivial.


No, and I didn't... I just said it's a requirement for free markets to be 
optimal... the real world diverges from perfect knowledge, and real world markets therefore diverge from the optimal, but generally that's not too much of a problem, depending on the amount of divergence, the results are more or less the same... ie, the Dead Weight Loss is small given small amounts of imperfect knowledge.
Except when you talk about deliberate mis-information as in the case of fraud... so real life markets can only be considered free markets if fraud is regulated... see? However, fraud is already illegal and therefore regulated!
Externalities - this is something that bitcoin doesn't deal with at all... However, this probably a place where law should still operate.
@_date: 2014-02-15 09:31:51
The do seem like on honest bunch and I've been glad to work with them before and will continue to do so, and while I doubt they have been suckered into losing any coins the way mtgox has, it is clear the current bitcoin network DDOS attack is affecting them.
I made a transaction three and half hours ago, and there is still no sign of it on blockchain.info... it appears to have not been relayed to them... either they haven't sent it at all, it is something to do with the malleability issue, or it hasn't been relayed...
@_date: 2014-02-11 18:47:08
Is this true? What happens in a chain re-org... someone could slip a mutated txid in the new chain.
EDIT: No, I think I worked out it is true... the blockchain will only contain the canonical form of the txid... Mtgox is sending an invalid txid sometimes, and 'malicious' relays are 'fixing' it so it will go into the block chain... once it's in the blockchain, you know it's the correct form... (Is this correct?)
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:30:42


Who says that's the plan? I'm saying I might have a different plan altogether, but the licensing is too onerous for me... Rather than implement it myself and allow people the *free* choice of either using my service or not... I now need to sell the idea to someone else who can afford all the regulatory bullshit.
FFS, the change tip bot here will now be ILLEGAL!!
The point is, no one forces you to use these services... you should do your own due diligence. This won't even save you from putting all your money into a phishing site that you *thought* was regulated. It's nothing but an expensive bandaid that you must wear under threat of imprisonment.
What's wrong with an *optional* 'approved by NYFSD' seal on those sites/services that chose to be regulated... and you can make up your mind on where to send your bitcoin and I can make up mine?
@_date: 2014-07-20 07:14:19
Right... we don't want exchanges that use fractional reserve methods, but why do we explicitly (through regulation and force) want to exclude BTC backed banks that use fractional reserve methods?
Reserves and account holdings can be cryptographically proven with BTC... this actually gives a lot of room for *fair* fractional reserve banking methods... and in the case of exchanges we can prove that they *aren't* using them at all.
Free market and cryptographic solutions should be the aim, not regulation and force.
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:06:56


No, we want to have the *choice* to freely do business with the nerd in his garage who has come up with a disruptive innovation... Not have that innovation crushed by the requirement that he can put $2M of his granddaddy's money into Lawsky's Bond account.
If a company is doing nothing illegal, eg fraud and theft, that would be illegal otherwise, then a company should be free to not follow the regulations, but could not put a statement to the effect that they were regulated... In other words, we want unregulated bitcoin companies because anything else destroys innovation.
@_date: 2014-01-13 16:42:02
Can someone please explain the small invalid range... I've never heard of this.
@_date: 2014-07-21 06:23:18
True... but a company hiding material debts would be committing a type of fraud...
@_date: 2014-03-22 13:13:16
Or maybe it is what it is and you should use it however you like?
On the other hand, the more stuff you buy with it, the more it will drive adoption, the more it will increase the price.
So you're not wrong, but not exactly right either.
@_date: 2014-07-20 13:22:36


That's all that matters... this regulation would not allow that.


The rest is your opinion and doesn't matter... it's not your choice where other people put their assets.
@_date: 2014-07-21 05:59:56
An actual monopoly (not just an overwhelming market share) that is maximising profits can charge far more than the equilibrium price in a competitive market... leading to a pretty large dead weight loss.
I think under these terms you find that microsoft, for example, wasn't actually a true monopoly (given apple and a few others existed)... but maybe AT&amp;T were...
Also, the DWL diminishes at the square of the number of competitors, so you only need 3 or 4 actual competitors for the real world to approach the ideal fairly quickly and closely.
@_date: 2014-07-20 13:20:14
So? I said nothing of replacing fiat... only that FRB is both possible and  (with full knowledge) should be allowed with bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-20 07:10:15
Why shouldn't we be allowed to set up a fractional reserve lending system with BTC?
You can't do it on-chain, but only off-chain... this seems good to me.
The scam is that the Fed can print infinite dollars to bail out any USD bank that fails, rather than let the bank fail...
A BTC bank has no such lender of last resort and would necessarily have to fail (EDIT 2: in the case of a run, not that a run in inevitable)... actually a good thing from an anarchocapitalist or libertarian point of view. We weed out those BTC banks with bad models, and retain those with good ones.
Not allowing fractional reserve by regulation limits our freedom to use BTC as we desire!
EDIT: Downvotes without an argument make me presume you do not fully understand what you are doing... Probably the same way you didn't understand what you were doing when you first supported Lawsky as a friend of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-22 02:36:48


It really isn't... the price of goxcoins is going down, yes... but this doesn't harm gox at all...
Consider (and I don't know if it can be proven otherwise) that mtgox could be buying cheap coins on their exchange, and selling them elsewhere... they are the only ones who could benefit from this arbitrage, because they are the only ones who can possibly withdraw bitcoins... they could very easily be profiting hugely from this.
Some regulation could help here... the problem isn't regulation, per se, it is incorrect regulation... onerous regulation... regulation that stops small competitors but hardly effects entrenched interests...
@_date: 2014-02-17 12:56:49


But I'm busy with my other hand.
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:01:30
Irrelevant. We're not talking about backing the dollar with bitcoin or gold... just that institutions should be able to offer FRB accounts based in bitcoins to *those that freely chose to use them*.
@_date: 2014-07-20 13:42:10
No... that's bullshit... Not all FRBs will end in bank run... It really depends on the fractional level and the investments and how the investments pay off over time...
If the fractional levels were sensible and the investments made were good, there is no inevitability in it at all.
The fact that the underlying asset is not infinitely inflatable will limit those parameters does not mean that any given FRB is doomed to failure... However, realising that they are not infinite means that institutions would have to be more clear what happens when they cannot meet reserves.
The problem here is not that it is mathematically impossible to run a good FRB on bitcoin, is that you are supporting outlawing it even if all the risks are stated up front... or at least making it impossible for anyone but the existing financial system from implementing it.
The problem with FRB with USD is precisely because it's infinitely printable *but only to a very small group of people* and that you are *forced* to use the system if you use any form of bank.
@_date: 2014-07-20 08:50:17
Actually a free market is most efficient iff:
 - there is perfect competition (but some things are natural monopolies! Could be exchanges and block mining are?),
 - transactions don't affect anyone who isn't involved voluntarily (no positive or negative externalities  -- education is a positive externality, pollution a negative, some things should be taxed, others subsidised),
 - there is perfect knowledge (no fraud! Here is where existing laws should be good enough),
 - the actors are rational (this isn't what most people think... it's almost trivial!)
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:11:11
Yep...  I think this is going to be a headache for thin clients.
@_date: 2014-07-20 08:29:50
Why not a voluntary seal of approval?
The community learnt some lessons from gox... mainly that it is possible to run an exchange that can cryptographically *prove* its holdings. I don't know if there are any exchanges that do this now, but it wouldn't be wise to put your money on one now that doesn't do this.
That's really the way it should be, if you were foolish enough to deal with gox, you should lose, and gox should fall with it, as it did!
Now, what about existing laws as regulations? No theft, no fraud, etc... If Kapeles has been involved in fraud, deception or theft, the people have every right to bring him to court for it under existing laws... what more regulation is required than that? You stole from people, or you lied to them in trade... you broke existing laws!
Finally... a voluntary seal of approval from the government for certain companies could give both consumers some sense of security where they are too lazy to investigate themselves, and give institutional investors (banks for example) the right to invest in those companies without hindering the ability for disruptive innovators to enter the market.
In another post, everyone was saying it was good thing to not allow fractional reserve... well I think even that is bad... (you can't do fractional reserve on the blockchain itself, so don't worry about that... but only in accounts valued in BTC in offchain accounts)... consider a BTC liquidity provider that allows people to invest in it through instant access deposits that pay interest... you've just outlawed something that could be very useful to bitcoin price stability because you heard you don't like fractional reserve and therefore thank good ol Lawsky for his help in choosing what I can and can't do with my own assets.
@_date: 2014-07-20 17:39:56
Plenty of people might (and still would) say:


You see... it's really not your decision to make, or to outlaw through regulation.
@_date: 2014-07-20 07:17:17
It worked with gold... but with BTC reserves and accounts can be cryptographically proven.
No fractional reserve by *deceit* would be possible where *consumers* demand such proof... but fractional reserve by *free consent* seems like something that is none of your business to regulate!
@_date: 2014-11-24 17:06:34
It is a pretty stupid idea... I wonder if Australian companies will be able to get a rebate on GST for coins they receive for goods they sell? Generally customer's aren't going to be registered companies with GST receipts to provide along with their purchases, but because there is a GST charged on coins, will companies be able to simply claim GST has been paid on the coins?
This is a bit of a nightmare for bitcoin merchants too... Can they assume that GST must have been paid on coins they receive or do they have to prove it?
@_date: 2014-05-15 03:46:27
For these to have value, you really need to create a market for them... Just selling them isn't enough... If I buy a blue coin for $400, who can I sell it to? It's worth nothing.
So... sell your coins, for whatever, but buy them back at a small profit... Or create an exchange for them as well.
Best of luck.
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:13:41
What was regulated by fed laws? Are you saying that this license is redundant? I don't think that's true.
The $2M was illustrative... I think that's about what you need to hold customer deposits in accounts if you operate a service like that... but yeah, it's illustrative, but I think it'll be on the right sort of order of magnitude.
@_date: 2014-07-17 16:53:16
With exchanges it is possible for them to provide proof of holdings cryptographically... So, everyone could prove for themselves that the exchange held every Bitcoin it says it does.
The free-market should make these exchanges more attractive and profitable...
There is no need for any regulation of this kind... Only the normal protections offered against fraud and theft.
@_date: 2014-02-19 10:26:06
I sold bitcoins for a bank transfer... to someone with a stolen or compromised bank account.
The bank has frozen my account and an investigation is under way.
My mistake was to trade with someone with low feedback... Even a few positive feedbacks could be a problem, because the fraudster might not have been noticed yet.
Be careful of this.
@_date: 2014-07-20 18:01:50


Don't you get that I agree with that? That if YOU SAY you are HOLDING assets that you AREN'T you are committing FRAUD and there are ALREADY LAWS against that?
But if you are UPFRONT and STATE in CLEAR TERMS that some of your DEPOSITS will be LENT OUT and only a FRACTION of the DEPOSITS are held on RESERVE... That you should have the RIGHT to run such an enterprise? And that THIS IS WHAT YOU STATED YOU AGREED LIKED ABOUT THE PROPOSED REGULATIONS OUTLAWING!!!
One is FRAUD... the other is FRACTIONAL RESERVE BANKING... and you seem to be VERY FUCKING CONFUSED as to the difference, or are deliberately conflating the two so as to not appear to be the idiot you are coming across as now.
@_date: 2014-07-20 14:59:26


@_date: 2014-07-20 14:13:25
Stop supporting these regulations on any grounds whatsoever then.
@_date: 2014-07-20 17:38:26


But we're not talking about fraud here, we're talking about FRB... not *fraudulent* FRB, just FRB... and you supported regulations against it.
And don't we already have laws against fraud?
@_date: 2014-01-15 13:34:02
This is interesting... but...
The client needs access to the full blockchain... right? At least to scan for any possible payments to a stealth associated address... so... this can't possibly work with thin clients like electrum?
Is this right?
@_date: 2014-07-20 17:55:54


No shit sherlock... no one said that allowing *fraud* should suddenly become legal, but you started by saying that the regulations that don't allow you to run an *honest* fractional reserve bank in bitcoin are **a good thing**^(tm).
@_date: 2014-02-19 15:09:27
Your risks in dealing with cash are basically the same risks you have any time dealing with unknown people for expensive things... Could they bang you over the head and run off with your bitcoin and money?
And depending on where you live and the laws regarding money laundering I suppose.
@_date: 2014-07-20 13:32:03
This is true... and why anyone fairly participating in FRB would pay an interest on those vouchers, which are exchangeable for bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-15 05:52:51
Hold on... is coinprism entirely in the protocol? If so, why is there only an online wallet? Are there centralised aspects to this wallet? Why isn't there a standalone implementation?
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:15:37
Why stop it?
What is a bank run other than depositors believing that the bank's lenders will not pay back their debts.
If all funds run out, then no more depositors could withdraw... that's the right way... then as debts are paid back or sold, the remaining deposits can get back paid either over time or as satoshis on the bitcoin value of the accounts.
The bank just has to be upfront about the circumstances and order it will pay depositors out in.
@_date: 2014-07-20 13:23:57
And what if you want to enable something like CD fund loans that *can* be taken out at any time? (Given certain limitations, of course!).
You want to make that (kind of innovation) impossible by regulation, law and force?
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:04:56
However the offer is made, stop trying to justify regulations that say you cannot make it all...
If you don't want to invest in something like that... don't force others **not** to.
I think it is possible to run such a thing successfully, just that you have to be upfront that there is no lender of last resort that can make infinite of the things for you... if all of the loans suddenly defaulted, then yes, not everyone will get their money back -- tough shit... it's not your right to tell others not to invest in such a scheme... which is what you are trying to justify here.
@_date: 2015-05-24 18:44:40
The CIA would never recruit mathematicians then deny everything and use dirty tricks and paint someone as a schizophrenic when they start talking about their operations... why would people ever think that?
@_date: 2014-02-10 15:24:29
No... MtGox just failed to RTFM... They shouldn't have been tracking transactions by their transaction id... as crazy as that sounds... they should have been tracking transactions by their inputs and outputs.
But this is a known issue, and they can work around it and stop blaming the protocol.
@_date: 2014-05-15 05:54:52
Is there a standalone client for coloured coins, or is coinprism a single point of failure / trusted service?
@_date: 2014-07-20 13:18:27
That bank runs occur with FRB does not imply that FRB will end in a bank run.
That's the basis of capitalism, that bank runs result in failure, and properly managed ones succeed.
@_date: 2015-07-07 01:35:17
What? People will need to put much higher fees than usual to get their transactions through *right now*, because of the unusual load going through (which has fees of its own, and is competing for limited block space).
The mempool outstanding fees has jumped to over 6BTC as we speak.
@_date: 2015-07-11 09:28:32
No, it's not the filing I worried about... Did you try the 'forgotten password' process?
@_date: 2015-07-08 09:44:57
Don't we want the subsidies to be more important than fees for as long as possible? For fees to be the primary driver they would have to be at least close to the block subsidies... so currently around 25BTC per block or more... which means either expensive transactions, or low value bitcoins.
I'd think we'd want to keep fees as low as possible for as long as possible, until the block reward itself becomes small.
@_date: 2015-07-08 11:21:35
I don't think the problem has anything to do with bandwidth at this stage... everything is being relayed fine... it's just that most transactions won't end up in blocks.
And while blocks will almost certainly have to be increased from their current size limits, this doesn't come without its own costs... and care must be taken while we transition to larger blocks.
One big problem, I think, is the rate of growth of the UTXO database... increasing the blocksize only makes this problem much worse... as in, far more spam will make it into blocks, and this spam deliberately bloats the UTXOs...
So, a small block limit is really good, *at this point*, because it highlights things like this spam problem... where we should probably be charging higher fees for transactions that increase the UTXO count, and prioritise transactions that decrease it.
There are other problems as well... Some SPV wallets simply couldn't cope with 20M blocks right now... the larger the block, the more SPV mining will be attempted... maximum block size consensus rules have to be in place... etc... etc... etc... just completely removing block size limits at this point would be insane... 
Though, in the longer term... block size should be increased... a careful approach, done slowly over time is what we need... one where problems show up incrementally, rather than all at once...
If we just uncapped the block size limit... and spammers and/or miners or whatever started pumping out terrabyte blocks (I know, not entirely realistic for other reason... but as an example)... the bitcoin network could go from having a few small correctable problems to being completely useless overnight.
We shouldn't be making radical changes without careful consideration on something so important.
@_date: 2015-07-06 08:40:38
Problem is, if you plan to sell ads for your revenue... you become beholden to the ad makers... they will eventually pressure the site into removing certain content... they gain control of the content.
If they sold priority access for bitcoin... the users would control the revenue.
EDIT: Of course, if they maintain their ideals, and they can find unobtrusive ad revenue... it probably wouldn't hurt, I suppose... it's maintaining their mission that is hard... and why VC funding will probably kill it if they go that route.
@_date: 2015-07-07 18:15:39
I don't understand the question?
It's complicated because future miners have to pay for the decisions of today's miners... which is why I think being conservative with the block size makes sense.
Though eventually I'm sure it does have to rise. If there are immediate benefits of having smaller blocks are high enough... the miners will soft limit anyway... however,  doubling the block size within a year sounds reasonable to me... I'm not sure we'd want to go much faster than that.
@_date: 2015-07-07 15:42:12
I received an email from them regarding this... went to their claims site, have forgotten my password, so tried both my user name and email address, and was told I would get a temporary access token in my email... but it never arrived.
Anyone else see this?
@_date: 2015-07-18 23:07:18
But there's no blockchain security without mining, and no (securable) mining without economic incentives... what you are talking about aren't blockchains at all.
@_date: 2015-07-07 00:47:15
Replace by fee breaks the first seen rule and weakens security vis double spend attacks... and I'm not 100% sure, but child pays for parent could mean you pay an extra fee you might not have to. (the child transaction could end up in another block altogether!).
Bitcoin probably needs another opcode (maybe, I don't know the details) that says include this transaction with these new fees but only if it is included in the same block as this transaction (that I want to get through because it doesn't have enough fees).
Just something that crossed my mind while reading up on these proposals. I'd like to know if it could be done without changing the protocol... but I imagine bitcoin would need an extension for this?
@_date: 2015-07-06 07:13:14
Voat should *charge* for priority access... Clearly servers and engineering to go along with it are a limited resource... If they go with VC funds, they are going to become corporate shills like every other service.
Donations don't cut it compared to an actual market, because they rely on positive externalities, and they are always underproduced by markets.
If they allow people to buy priority access to full service... everyone else can degrade gracefully... back to the full goat page for the excess... then the market will find a price that should keep the service running?
The only thing in my mind remaining would be if they can tie it into their karma system... So, highest karma users get access to the limited server resources, and then they could sell karma for bitcoin to get access to those who are willing to pay.
Also... they could put up some way to link your account with your donations... then those who have donated could automatically get priority service.
Any thoughts?
@_date: 2015-07-07 15:07:45
When looking at incentives people forget that miners also have long term incentives as to the general health of the network and value of bitcoin itself...
Zero-conf is incredibly convenient for small transactions... say coffee sized... and it doesn't require that every miner follow the first-seen rule... only a large enough majority of them that the risk, trouble, rewards and likelihood of double spend balance in favour of trusting it.
Mycelium does something like this... gives you a high probability that it will be mined by a miner that obeys zero-conf (maybe, something like that anyway).
So, yeah... while I agree there's no real such thing as secure zero-conf (in bitcoin)... for practical purposes there are... I think what I said above would be a pretty nice solution to dynamically adding fees while not throwing away first seen rule (aka zero-conf) in spirit.
EDIT: Of course, it would be an order of magnitude more difficult to implement if it requires protocol changes... so there's that against it.
@_date: 2015-07-06 20:35:19
If this keeps up, people will have to increase the fees they pay.
Would be interesting if replace by fee rules were in place... though I don't know what problems they might cause... would enable people to get confirmed quicker in this situation, and quickly price out the spammers.
@_date: 2015-07-07 01:37:45
People have to pay higher fees right now if they want their transactions confirmed in reasonable amount of time.
Increasing the block cap might help... it would possibly make this type of stress more expensive... maybe not.
Though I imagine some mining pools are going to try and clamp down on this particular operation if it continues for too long...
@_date: 2015-07-06 21:03:13
A few things... firstly... BTC is infinitely subdivisible (in theory... more digits can be tacked on even below satoshis - with a fork).
Miners can already chose what to mine and what not to (given they're all valid transactions). So, they already have an incentive to only mine transactions with fees... and the ones with the biggest fees that they can fit into a block first (highest fees per kb)... but if there's room left over in the block, their is really no cost to include other transactions... so there's more than likely a miner out there that will eventually include the transaction anyway.
So, the price per transaction, where the transactions don't fill the blocks should tend to zero... as long as some reasonable set of miners include zero fee transactions, they will eventually be included.
Now that blocks are being filled... it's a different matter. You will have to pay larger than normal fees to be included any time soon... on average.
I think that's one reason why miners are incentivised to have smaller (hard limit) blocks though... and why the block size thing is so difficult.
@_date: 2015-07-06 14:04:34
Probably that will be the long term outcome... in the meantime, voat need to find a way to accommodate their users or die.
@_date: 2015-07-07 17:27:41
I think we should give it a little more time, clearly... see how long the attack is sustained... how it is affecting fees... and stuff like that.
Increasing the block size does have much more significant long term effects (you have to store all that spam forever)... I'm not saying that we shouldn't increase the block size... but we should definitely not rush into it just because some spam that just increases the fee a little bit causes everyone to panic.
@_date: 2015-07-09 21:34:28
Probably... but not certainly...
You want to take that sort of risk?
The choice is really between a little bit of short term pain that we learn from, make adjustments to and grow from... vs no long term viability at all, because of some assumptions about future capabilities that might turn out to be false.
You wouldn't run a $2M centralised website that is easily rolled back with such foolhardiness... let alone with $2B worth of (hopefully) vital internet infrastructure.
Do you comprehend just how significant a 7% increase in a few days on *any* parameter in a system running for as long as bitcoin has is? It's definitely cause for concern, if not alarm. If we hit an unforeseen limit here... the pain is going to be far worse than a few delayed legit transactions and little bit of mempool bloat.
@_date: 2015-07-09 21:47:44


Sure... I agree... but I don't think we are actually at 3txn/s of 'legit' use, at this point... Ie, it's not the current bottleneck for legitimate use.
Like I said... the block limit is going to have to be raised... (especially if 6B people are going to use it... even with lightning, et al).
But it's a matter of timing... We don't need to raise it *today* to "combat" *this particular* spam attack. That's far to reactive and short term thinking to be sane.


Still speculative.


Except that it might not be that easily fixed...


Which only fixes the growth of the UTXO problem... which won't help if it already bloats to the point is difficult to manage.
Which is why it needs to be fixed before raising the block size limits... because it's exactly the kind of fix we need now... so that the block size isn't the only thing in the way of stopping what this spam is doing.
@_date: 2015-07-07 19:46:52
Right... and I think that if the 'artificial' limit is going to be raised, it has to be done according to consensus... which requires soft-forks... and that requires planning and time... and all that is happening... but people want to rush it because of this little spam attack... but actually the spam attack is teaching us other things... proving the fee market, for example... or that we need an easy way to estimate required fees... or if we need RBF.
So, it's all actually going quite well... I think... almost everyone's in agreement that the block size will rise... but not by how much, and the mechanisms to actually roll it out are still being considered... not dismissed. afaikt.
All in all, this spam attack has had relatively little actual effect on users... there's a backlog... but record transactions have been processed... and only a handful of legit users have had delays for underpaying fees.
EDIT: Here's the thing... the miner who produces a block isn't the only one who has to pay the price of supporting the block (forever on the chain)... (and ignoring propagation costs)... it's quite likely that a miner would produce a block as large as required to take all fees (effective zero cost fees)... other miners may not want to accept a block that large... so... without prior agreement, a miner wouldn't know the largest block he could produce that would be universally accepted... otoh... by rejecting a block, miners risk ending up on a losing fork... so... there really does have to be a consensus mechanism in place between miners as to what is an acceptable block size before we could have 'unlimited' blocks.
@_date: 2015-07-09 20:43:54
Cacheable? It pretty much has to remain in memory... Which is why bloating it is a problem.
When you say not a lot of damage... this spam attack... even *with* the 1MB limit has caused it to grow by 7%.... Up the limit and the spam would hit it really hard.
Yeah... long term solutions are needed, and short term solutions need to be put in place too...  and at some point it makes sense to raise the block limit... but right now, the limit is all there is stopping the UTXO bloat.
Anyway... It looks like block limit is going to be increased around January or so? I think that timing is about right... and the 'spam' really came at the right time if bitcoin is going to be *long term* scalable.
@_date: 2015-07-09 17:35:55
No, because that software does not exist yet, and is untested...
So, the blocksize cap isn't the right long term tool... but right now it stopped a massive amount of UTXO bloat, and that's undeniable. That UTXO bloat could cause massive problems in the near to mid terms...
In the meantime we need mechanisms to keep this under control... ie, all the tools we need to deal with this spam right now... before we increase the block size... because the only thing stopping any real long term damage from this attack has been the blocksize limit... and you're right... it's the wrong tool... but nothing else worked... so it's the only tool... only now are the other tools comming into place.
The blocksize limit has actually protected us...
EDIT: It would be absolutely foolish to increase the blocksize and let all this spam on the blockchain... when the majority of 'standard' transactions still fit within the 1MB... the only result would be 8 or 20 times as many spam transactions recorded on the chain... we might have doubled or worse the size of the UTXO DB over the last few days... and for what benefit?
@_date: 2015-07-07 17:23:42
Mempool seems to be capable of handling the load... after a 48-72 hours unconfirmed transactions will start dropping out of mempool if they still remain... so there's no real problem going on here except for a few stuck 'legit' users whose transactions are stuck because they didn't pay a high enough fee.
It seems to me that bitcoin is happily chunking on through the load with no major issues... prioritising transactions reasonably well.
@_date: 2015-07-09 14:44:06
I have a feeling this spam attack is really a UTXO attack... It has caused the UTXO database to grow 7% in just the last few days.
If the blocksize was much larger, then the damage to the UTXO database would have been far worse.
It's not that the blocksize shouldn't be increased... but underlying problems should be addressed first... while the blocksize limit remains a catch all for these types of problems.
Best to keep the current blocksize, allow the fee market to develop (a little bit), implement dynamic wallet fees, implement UTXO reducing incentives (make it more expensive to generate large numbers of UTXOs), possibly implement FSS RBF policy, unconfirmed large chain policies, etc... to minimise all the harm of this type of spam... and once we have that sorted out... increase the blocksize in a conservative, consensus driven, manner... through the BIP.
Large mempool backlogs are temporary problems... but we have to live with the blockchain forever... lets make sure it works correctly before jumping to a seemingly easy solution with unknown and possibly unfixable repercussions (unworkable UTXO set).
@_date: 2015-04-09 09:11:14
I always thought banks could use bitcoin for interbank clearing... Why go through middlemen clearing houses when they can just send the value of interbank account transfers with bitcoin?
If banks took this option, it would push the value of bitcoin through the roof.
@_date: 2015-11-25 17:28:34


Seems that the key phrase here is 'have value in themselves'... with the 'as well' meaning the first part is a necessary qualifier... but does bitcoin have value value in itself, other than its use as a currency?
If bitcoin couldn't be used as a currency, what value would it still have? I personally don't think so...
So it seems to fail the definition.
@_date: 2015-11-25 19:07:32
Yeah... I wasn't arguing that fiat was a commodity... rather that the definition he was trying to use as commodity money applied to fiat as much as it did to bitcoin...
But if you look at what the definition of what a commodity is (fungibility) then it seems pretty clear that bitcoin actually is a commodity... even if it has no other (significant) use outside of being a currency (even if it might have other uses).
I'm not an economist though... and I don't see the requirement for a commodity that it must be producible by anyone with appropriate capital though... could you point me to a source for that definition?
@_date: 2015-11-25 18:07:22
Paraphrasing you:


What you are describing is currency, not a commodity...
You could say exactly the same thing about fiat... which would be considered currency but is not a commodity... it is currency.
Outside of using bitcoin as a currency, in what way is it a commodity?
EDIT: Although, given the wikipedia definition of commodity ( ):


I would also conclude that bitcoin is a commodity... it is it's fungibility that makes it a commodity... not that it has value in itself (besides its use as a currency)... its value is its use as a currency though (differentiated from other currencies in that it can be transferred digitally with no third party counterrisk).
@_date: 2015-02-04 16:51:45
Well... if you make it that only your last vote counted... then you get that... if you were intimidated into voting, just change it later before the vote  closes... if you weren't, just leave it.
@_date: 2015-02-04 15:04:26
Okay, closer... and I don't know if they've addressed it directly... point a might count, but ignoring point b, and going with our coffee merchant example... one of his incoming goods (just like everything else he paid for, with cash, except this time with the sale of his goods, coffee in this case) is bitcoin, which has GST paid on it, so he should be able to deduct that.
Couldn't the case be made for that at least?
@_date: 2015-02-04 16:19:04
I've thought a *little* about this problem... the votes have to be encrypted in such a way that counting them is possible, but proving *who* voted wouldn't be... but that doesn't solve the stand over problem... I think the solution for that is to enable the vote to be changed right up until the close of the polling. So, someone stands over you, says vote for X, you vote for X in front of them (though it would not be provable that you voted for X, it would count for a vote for X), then when the stand over guy is happy, you just change your vote to Y (this must also negate your previous vote for X).
Although the stand-over tactic would still be possible, it becomes exponentially more expensive.
Though I'm not smart enough to implement this, I'm sure it's cryptographically possible with some blockchain like technology.
@_date: 2015-02-04 14:29:09
Individuals buy bitcoin, the bitcoin merchant adds GST to the price, and charges them that, collects the tax and pays the ATO... they then go to the coffee merchant, who adds the GST of the price of coffee and charges them that, but when the coffee merchant goes to pay the ATO, they *should* be able to deduct the GST paid on the bitcoin... effectively paying no (or negative, because of everything else that had GST on it) GST.
I know it's a problem for consumers, but I'm not confusing that issue... I'm saying a bold enough business could make this claim and end up paying no GST on whatever they sell *for* bitcoins.
Of course the GST stifles the trade in bitcoins... I was a localbitcoins seller until they bought these rules in.
@_date: 2015-02-05 04:40:31
I'd say you need a couple of other things... Like you have to be able to prove that you voted... but not how you voted... and then also be possible for anyone to prove what the results were, so there was consensus.
Given these and the above, I guess you're only problem is that you think the average joe might find it too complicated.
@_date: 2015-02-04 15:06:01
Yes... your first paragraph is what I mean.
As for the price fluctuation argument, I assume you're only talking about capital gains there... the amount of GST is based on the price at the time of sale.
@_date: 2015-02-04 16:07:21
Yeah, without the receipts I'd say you're screwed...
Though it doesn't seem right or fair... not that that has ever stopped a tax department before.
I can't see any solution without the customers keeping all their bitcoin purchase receipts... even publishing addresses and bitcoin purchases (ie, say coinjar making how much GST was paid public knowledge) wouldn't count because you can reuse addresses.
@_date: 2015-02-04 12:21:52
If you're a coffee merchant, can't you claim the GST paid on the received bitcoin back, the way you can with all supplies that went into your business?
There won't be a paper trail, but you could argue that GST must have been paid on your received bitcoins because of the tax ruling.
Then, because not all bitcoin purchases are realistically taxed (bought from overseas exchanges, from localbitcoins or mined) the total tax the government will take in from bitcoin sales will actually be lower, and so they will have incentive to change the law.
@_date: 2015-02-04 15:35:44
Exactly what I was talking about... the problem I see is that when selling to the public, they have ALSO paid GST on their bitcoin, but they AREN'T a GST registered business... so you can't expect to get the receipts... even if the customer has receipts, they aren't likely to provide you with them...
BUT, I think the case could be made that GST MUST have been paid on the bitcoins, after all, isn't GST required to be paid on bitcoins and therefore it must have been?
I don't know if that argument would work in court, but I'm sure a case could be made for it, no?
@_date: 2015-02-04 14:30:58
Because businesses charge GST, and can deduct GST they paid for products they use to create their product or service, they are the ones who have the ability to challenge the amount of GST they finally pay. This could result in lower costs to those who purchase using bitcoins, and shifts where the tax is paid... but only if the business selling non-bitcoin goods for bitcoin challenge it.
EDIT: I also agree that a good or service you pay GST shouldn't get capital gains tax as well... I wonder, does this happen with any other good / service?
@_date: 2015-02-06 17:23:53


This is one problem I can't think of a solution for...
Damn... I needed this to build my one world government... fuck.
This implies something like voting stations are required, and can't be done from home over the internet.
@_date: 2015-02-04 14:10:25
No, the merchant is responsible for collecting the tax, they charge the tax on the consumer, yes, but they collect it. Also, you normally get to deduct the GST off your supplies... So, the coffee merchant charges GST on the coffee he sells, and he is responsible for paying that, but he gets to discount the GST he paid on coffee beans, filters and milk.
I'm saying that he should also be able to deduct the GST that would be included in the price of the bitcoin he received... except he doesn't have those receipts, but I still think he would have a case with the ATO that tax has been paid on them, and so can deduct it from the final taxes he pays... 
This should also create a situation where less tax is paid than if the ATO declares that no GST is paid on bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-04 12:22:32
How did you get a private ATO ruling? I want one for my localbitcoin trading. This would be valuable information, thankyou.
@_date: 2013-04-14 06:05:07
There hasn't been a court case, so claiming they are acting illegally is simple conjecture.
You fail to prove your point.
Also, to make cancelling orders illegal would be the height of stupidity. You've never placed an order and decided to change the price? Well done, you've placed an order and cancelled it. You must be a price manipulator.
@_date: 2013-04-15 11:05:56


See, the problem is, that is exactly the same thing. From a game theoretic point of view, you can't manipulate an exchange price by placing orders. Making the best prices is finding the best price.


The only one I know of was a couple of uni students who managed to trick the HFTs into giving them good profits. This is the problem with these laws. It is never used against HFTs, because they aren't trading illegally, but anyone who takes their profits from them is.
@_date: 2013-07-11 18:40:41
No, if you can't math... u are a fucking idiot.
I can't believe you hold a PhD in biology without an understanding of mathematics or even with that attitude towards it.
Mathematical proofs are the ONLY aspect of science where things can actually be proven.
Seriously, stfu, stop bullshitting, take an econ course, or continue to revel in your own ignorance. Your choice.
@_date: 2013-05-20 15:54:20
A real time auction system for researches to run arbitrary sandboxed code, settled in bitcoin...
Would be very interesting and useful indeed.
It wouldn't add mining power to bitcoin at all, but it would increase bitcoin's value, and give people who have CPU power available (which is now nearly useless for mining coins) a relatively easy and interesting way to earn bitcoins again.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:59:52
Fine, me too... so, now explain how a bot can add 'harmful' liquidity.
@_date: 2013-05-20 18:58:43
Right, so, the worker vms would be untrusted, sandboxed but open (limited) universal turing machines, no drm.
Lets imagine a purely distributed system. A client has work to do, maybe run weather simulations... and has a budget in bitcoin... you want to ask people to do work... you offer up a job, a client accepts that job... and returns a result that you assume is correct, because you've gotten good work from them before (or others have).
Maybe, you should reward the fastest client, so a client doesn't accept, it just starts working... You pay 2/3 of the reward to the first response, and continue with the remaining for subsequent responses. Which validate your clients.
They run work for you, because they've been paid by you before, for work they've done, or because others have.
The problem with this is, it's hard to settle in bitcoin, because bitcoin is still expensive for nano-transactions... like paying a handful of satoshi.
A worker that does a lot of many very small jobs for a very large number of clients has to be paid, and a client that has many small jobs for a large number of workers has to pay them all too.
I don't think bitcoin can do this natively? Can it?
@_date: 2013-06-04 08:31:53
The price of something is what people are willing to pay for it, the value is what you think it is worth. Here's how I calculate the value.
For simplicity, I'm going to work in GH/s, 1000 times more value than a MH/s.
I'm going to assume that the difficulty increases every two weeks, or 14 days, and will call this the difficulty period. Difficulty is increasing slightly faster than this due to the growth in difficulty and so the difficulty period is slightly smaller.
According the 50btc.com, 1 GH/s is currently paying 0.04BTC/day.
So, ignoring that the difficulty will rise sooner than this, the current value per GH/s per difficulty period is 0.04*14 = 0.56BTC per difficulty period.
Now, assuming difficulty is increasing at an exponential rate, which it appears to be doing, and call this rate 'r'. As the difficulty increases, the payout per difficulty period decreases at the same rate. So, if r is 0.15 or 15%, we get the payout of the next period to be 0.56/(1.15) BTC/period which equals 0.487 BTC/period.
If you know how to calculate an [infinite series]( You find that the total output is equivalent to (1 + 1/r) first period payouts... at 15% this is 7.67 periods, for a total payout per GH/s of 4.293 BTC.
So, at a constant 15% increase in the difficulty, we would expect 1 MH/s or 1 TAT.VIRTUALMINE share to have a lifetime dividend payout, and therefore a value, of just **0.0043 BTC**.
I think the other 0.0027 BTC per share value is coming from the fact that you will be able to sell the share at some point in the future to people who cannot calculate infinite series.
@_date: 2013-07-07 18:59:11
Could you allow people to send messages from their bitcoin address too? This would 'close the loop'.
Your site could become the defacto way to get in contact with address holders, and allow them to communicate with no knowledge except their btc addresses.
Pretty cool... well done.
@_date: 2013-06-01 07:15:44
This is a great idea. I don't think it sounds much like a bank, but a nano-transaction service for BTC is definitely needed and would support a whole heap of other services.
Good luck.
@_date: 2013-07-11 18:10:32
It's like $7k at the most (right now)... you hardly have to be a fucking billionaire... but if you want to give something to everyone on the planet, earn it your fucking self and don't expect everyone else to make sacrifices to fulfil your goals.
Also, learn some damn economics so you don't sound like such a moron.
@_date: 2013-04-22 12:24:13
You can see this right now, directly on clarkmoody, the ticker and the orderbook do not match...
EDIT: The US ticker seems to be correct, but the AUD ticker is b0rk3d.
@_date: 2013-05-21 07:04:57
Why not make a sandboxed virtual machine that workers run, and people can upload arbitrary code that can run either CPU or GPU based programs that return deterministic results for a given input. It has to be sandboxed, otherwise clients could read or even alter files on the worker hosts... sandboxing is for worker security, not for the client.
Then clients can make a bitcoin miner, and this will always be the worst case scenario application workers can run, and let researches/client develop whatever code they wanted to run.
You can track workers and clients with bitcoin addresses... and simply run a sample of the runs (1-5%) more than once to verify correct output. You can even re run 1-5% of the 1-5% of the reruns to verify you aren't being duped by a botnet. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:35:03
I have read it... Simple fact is they provide liquidity and make money doing it. It's a win win... Maybe you should read up on economics and an unbiased analysis of HFTs. Ever spent significant time trading on an exchange yourself? Somehow, I doubt it. Cause there's no way you can provide liquidity in a way that harms a market.
@_date: 2013-04-22 12:41:13
Also, MtGox do not display their orderbook anywhere on their own site? So, we have to rely on the APIs and third parties like clarkmoody. So, when they start sending bad data, how do we know?
MtGox could very easily manipulate the market to create the appearance of stability when it does not exist.
This makes it very scary to trade there.
EDIT: UPDATE:
Seems it might be a clarkmoody problem... Checking the orderbook here:  , I see there is an ask at 120, and a bid at 117, that are not showing up on the clarkmoody order book...
Strange things are afoot.
@_date: 2013-04-22 11:05:37
I'm getting really odd responses from the API... totally incorrect ticker values (like they're stuck), and showing completely different results to clarkmoody.
WTF is going on?
@_date: 2013-05-20 17:25:32
I think this idea is a winner.
Forget the binary blob, you have to employ very strong DRM to do this, and many people don't like DRM. If clients want to 'encrypt' or obsficate their code, leave it to them... it still won't work.
So, just allow people to upload jobs consisting of small programs to a sandboxed VM that you build. Ensure that the small programs, plus parameters give deterministic result.
Repeat work units and keep a hash of the results to detect cheaters.
Run a real time computing power auction for work units. So, clients upload a program or function and parameters to run and amount paid for results. Distribute code and parameters to workers to run based on best paying job at the time.
One of the programs a client could upload would be a bitcoin mining pool miner. This would make a good test client for your system in any case. If they paid out a reasonable fraction of the workers results, and the implementation was reasonably efficient... they would set a lower limit to cpu time value in bitcoins, approximately (tho lower) than what cpu bitcoin mining is currently worth (not that much, but something).
If clients wanted to run their own software, they're going to have to compete with that, but could potentially have access to resources limited only by what they can afford.
Think of it as open ec2, or picloud... where the hardware is other people's computers.
So, you need a worker vm, a job auction queue, a client api, the test client... and you got yourself a winner... if you can distribute the job auction queue...
@_date: 2013-07-11 18:20:47
It scares me that someone with such little clue can be in what sounds like such an important position. I hope they make sure you are kept ineffective except for some very narrowly defined context where you might be able to do good. (If ur field is biology or something similar, you may well be a genius at it and all good luck to you, but economics is clearly not your strong point.).
It's not that difficult to educate yourself... you can find some good online economics courses that might help you. The basis of free market theory is very solid and mathematically proven... if you don't understand that, then really no one can help you on the topic.
@_date: 2013-06-01 07:24:48
A nano-transaction enabling escrow service? ANTEES?
ANTEES UP?
@_date: 2013-07-09 18:20:10
NO!!! IT DOES NOT WORK THAT WAY!
@_date: 2013-07-11 18:23:07
No... you want to alter how MY bitcoin works... There's no way you're getting my backing to spend my coins how you wish. If you want to spend your own life savings do this, I'll support you all the way.
I don't feel sorry for you, but for your attempt at popular backed theft, I really hope you fall in a sewer and die.
@_date: 2013-04-22 13:13:41
Thanks... I'm fairly new to bitcoin trading and thought I was going mad for a moment...
Thanks for confirming the issue.
@_date: 2013-05-30 09:05:48
It can be spent, it can still be spent... If the output is greater than 0.01, you don't even need a fee... just bundle it with other transactions.
We shouldn't be dropping transactions based on output size, if there is a fee included to cover the entire transaction.
@_date: 2013-12-15 18:33:45
That 'token' can just be an account with a given bitcoin value...
Just like we assume bitcoins in our fav exchange are backed by real bitcoins. They are no longer 'yours'... on the blockchain... you've handed them over to the exchange to take care of for you.
If the bank says you have 3 bitcoins, and can provide you with 3 bitcoins on demand, most people will consider their account to be their bitcoins, even if they are doing fractional reserve on it.
Oddly enough, I don't think this will run into the problem of bank runs either... they can always purchase those coins with cash from the market... they'll just drive up the price more.
@_date: 2013-04-22 11:25:26
Why does the mtgox API for AUD ticker report that the highest bid price is 118.5, and the clarkmoody orderbook show the highest bid price is 118.2436?
Is MtGox manipulating its ticker now to present the appearance of stability, or have they just fucked up somewhere important?
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:14:45
It helps the smart traders and kills all the idiots with automatic stop losses. You can't ever FORCE anyone to trade. Every order increases liquidity. All you have is emotional bullshit on your side.
@_date: 2013-04-13 03:11:33
Ummm... Not a single fact contradicts that they are operating fairly in the market place. They aren't front running orders, getting inside information, or anything illegal or immoral. They are making a lot of money providing liquidity, and according to you that's a problem.
@_date: 2013-08-01 04:20:48
But it will be cut with baking soda.
@_date: 2013-06-03 17:27:22
Just to give everyone an idea of the limited timeframe of ASIC miners and bitcoin miners in general, I have done the following, back of the envelope, calculations.
At an increase of 15% per difficulty period, and assuming 13 days between difficulty increase (because they occur slightly faster than the two weeks due to difficulty growth) and a current rate of 0.04 BTC/day per Ghash/second (50btc PPS rate).
The total lifetime payout of a 1Ghash/s miner is slightly less than 4BTC.
EDIT: Oh, and if BFL don't ship until november, the remaining value per Ghash/s will have dropped to less an 0.8BTC.
I see a lot of people buying ASIC mining equipment on ebay that will never pay for itself. Even the last round of [ASICMiner Blades]( are unlikely to ever pay for themselves now.
And it appears that 15% difficulty growth is looking very conservative at this point too.
Are my calculations correct? If so, a lot of people are going to get burnt on this.
@_date: 2013-07-11 17:48:51
So go out and earn your 70BTC and make the sacrifices you want everyone else to make.
@_date: 2013-04-14 06:06:32
It's not 'obviously immoral',  it is what every smart trader should be doing. Finding the best prices they can possibly get at any moment, then updating their decisions based on observations of the market.
These HFTs are merely FAR more efficient traders than you could ever hope to be, hence the jealousy.
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:16:30
If they are matchable and get matched, they add genuine useful liquidity, if they are not matched they are phantoms that have NO EFFECT on trades, nor would they be profitable.
You try to imply that the DOS effect is one aim of HFTs, and that is not the case either, certainly not the big exchanges, although it may be a side effect on broken exchanges like MtGox.
So, this is all just fear mongering bullshit.
@_date: 2013-04-22 12:20:50
Up until just recently, the API and clarckmoody agreed. Although clarkmoody gets its data from the same API... the difference is that the orderbook no longer appears to match the ticker.
The ticker price is the same as shown on MtGox when you go to buy or sell coins (the highest bid price is, the lowest ask price is...). This currently does not match the order book being shown on clarkmoody.
Very weird.
@_date: 2013-04-12 03:40:50
The title says stealing, but the content says 'removes liquidity', which is correct when you take available orders, but does not imply stealing. If these HFTs can break idiots own trading algorithms (even manual ones) then I still see no problem in it. In a sense they are extreme price finders. If they crash a stock, good for buyers, if they raise it good for sellers. Let the best algorithms survive.
@_date: 2013-07-11 17:46:56
No... ur just WRONG... you should learn a little bit of economics to understand when the 'invisible hand' works and more importantly when it doesn't.
Knowing when to intervene and when not to is the real key. Blindly jumping in and reorganising things just because you don't like the idea of capitalism (and the 'invisible hand') is dangerous and stupid.
If you don't understand the theoretical underpinnings of the topic you really should stfu until you do.
@_date: 2013-07-11 17:16:35
Perhaps you should study a little economics before expecting anyone (especially the generally libertarian anarcho-crypto-capitalists who follow bitcoin) to follow a discussion that is way out there in hippy fairy tale land.
Something... that might be interesting... but won't be implemented in bitcoin... could be a wealth tax... that takes a small fraction* of coins from everyone and provides a basic income for every person on the planet... wealth taxes are generally considered non-distortionary to a first order to economists... I don't think bitcoin could ever support such a mechanism, but a gov backed crypto currency like mint-coin actually could.
*: because adding new coins is the same as diminishing existing holders coins, you don't even have to tax... you just distribute new coins 'fairly' to everyone... bitcoin does this through mining which is incentive to secure the network... so the goals here would seem to be in opposition.
That's enough with the communism for now.
@_date: 2013-07-12 00:02:48
Oral sex is going down.
@_date: 2013-07-11 18:02:06
Not that I don't believe you, but what are the assumptions of the free market?
@_date: 2013-06-13 16:40:44
What's the best way for australians to buy bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-05-20 15:47:59
I think the only way you're going to make a sandbox that will run encrypted code that cannot be extracted by the host, and altered in a way to return validly formed but computationally fast and incorrect results that would be eligible for payment would be to use DRM technologies like Secure Boot, which I don't think Linux*, for example, supports.
*: If it does, maybe redhat do, you have to get your code signed by them, or microsoft. In theory, you could write a secure VM to run arbitrary encrypted code on this.
I don't think there's another method that has ever stopped hackers getting access to the code for any other program in existence... ever... and even then possibly because Secure Boot hasn't been hacked yet.
A better alternative is to send a challenges to the client, who then run the code on it to create a result. Those results are (statistically) validated for correctness by sending them to other clients in the network. You don't have to test every work unit, but if a client fails too many, you have to lock them out. If the result is completely determined by the given work unit, you can create hashes of the work unit and result, and just check against these for your client correctness statistics.
If I'm wrong on any of this, I'd be very interested to know.
@_date: 2013-07-11 18:36:17
No... giving away bitcoin will decrease its value.
Bitcoin's value (primarily) is purely in what it can be exchanged for. If it requires nothing to obtain, then its value will be nothing.
Thankfully, you are powerless to force bitcoin from anyone, or change the system, and you are completely unwilling to take the task you promote upon yourself and obtain your own bitcoins to give away, and so bitcoins will continue to have value... and you won't.
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:42:44
All trade benefits whoever is trading... And there is no such thing as healthy/unhealthy liquidity. Liquidity is liquidity is liquidity.
@_date: 2013-06-06 02:30:59
wouldn't the victim's browser recognise the certificate doesn't match the domain or was otherwise invalid?
@_date: 2013-06-04 09:16:45
It does not make sense to calculate the return in dollars if you are relying on the price of BTC to increase to make a profit, because you have to compare it to simply buying and holding BTC.
However, if you think the price of BTC will fall (impossible, right?), then you have to weigh that into your calculations too. It may or may not be worth buying a miner that will produce more BTC than it costs to purchase, depending if the extra BTC will make up for the loss in value of BTC over that time.
If a miner makes less BTC than it costs to buy though, then it doesn't make sense to purchase one irrespective of the future value of BTC.
So, it's not entirely stupid to do some calculations in dollars, but only if you are looking at making more BTC with a miner than it costs to purchase, and checking the possible downside future valuation of BTC in dollar value.
@_date: 2013-06-28 18:05:59
While this increases the scarcity of bitcoin, it decreases trust and individual utility in it, so the overall effect may not be positive.
For example, this guy might go tell all his friends how difficult bitcoin is to use and how easily you can lose your money with it. Less people will want to use it.
So, hopefully we can actually educate people so they can use bitcoin with confidence and not make these types of mistakes.
@_date: 2013-07-11 18:05:10
No... u haven't passed 'many an economics class'.
Try fucking off and dying instead.
@_date: 2013-07-11 19:37:40
You can keep your opinion on maths and when, where and how it is useful, I don't know your background, but I have a much stronger 'belief' in maths than that, but also realise that it is a model of reality rather than reality itself... Those models, however, enable us to do almost the entirety of all our progress in all the sciences as we understand them today.
So, I'll drop that argument here, mostly because I wasn't arguing with you.
However, this guy does appear to... how can I say... not be speaking the whole truth?
Well... ur the mod here, so I'll respect your wishes... but yes, this guy has annoyed me somewhat, and I tend to enjoy destroying those who speak nonsense and not willing to see their errors, be honest, or educate themselves.
So, good day to you sir.
@_date: 2013-04-15 11:09:05


Nothing is illegal until decided by a court of law. As these HFTs have NOT been found guilty of breaking any laws, you are stretching at calling their operations illegal.


Merely placing and orders, even if a high percentage are cancelled, should never be illegal, from a game theoretic approach, all orders improve price finding.
@_date: 2013-05-20 17:56:03
You might like to expand on that. The value of a result of work is in the price someone is willing to pay to run it, that can easily be auctioned for Bitcoin, which has its own value, quite independently. They're not using it as a PoW to back Bitcoin, or alt currency (though, nano-btc would be useful).
Otoh, we can run bitcoin mining on the workers, and pay them in bitcoin for running it, less profit for the client in bitcoin, which connect to the 'real' pool... Which will pay less than running a client directly... but it sets a lower limit on the price of a unit of work.
And a way to track all the nano-btc that might result...
You can expand the worker vm over time to take advantage of gpu's too.
@_date: 2013-06-04 14:07:09
Except that a heat pump is far more efficient than a resistive heater.
@_date: 2013-06-05 19:28:02
You can't compare them to a fixed hash rate share, because they aren't offering a fixed hash rate. They plan to expand their hashing rate over time.
A fixed hash rate asset devalues with the difficulty increase, giving it a fixed lifetime profit. In the meantime, Asicminer can continue expanding.
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:34:22
If someone flashes an advert and then instantly takes it down, if it's not matched it can do nothing to a market but maybe psychological effect. If it is matched in the short time it is available it is genuine liquidity and improves a market, as no order can be matched unless it is the best available price at the time.
So, without further proof, I'm calling bullshit on your claims.
@_date: 2013-07-11 18:47:26
Once they are all mined they will all be held in private hands by private individuals. Obviously the more people who use them, the more value they have, as long as people have to forgo something to get them. If somehow we start giving them away en-mass for free, they will be valueless. This is unlikely to happen.
And if you weren't talking about redistribution, just where exactly are we going to get all these coins from to give to people who don't have any? Do you even Bitcoin or is the opium just that good where you are?