@_author: properauthority
@_date: 2019-08-06 21:12:34
I'm not having part in your psychotic rants. I haven't disagreed with you on anything. I simply asked what you were talking about in your first post, I have simply glanced at every subsequent post you made. I have a job and manage my own company for a living. I don't have time to entertain strangers from Washington state. Take your meds and quit wasting time trying to prove shit to strangers. Your insecurity is showing, you little little man.
@_date: 2019-08-09 00:14:50
Not in u/51percentiles world. $$$ IS USD BY DEFAULT FOR THE WHOLE GLOBE.
@_date: 2019-08-07 01:15:23
Hey! My little bitch did exactly what I asked him to, again. Next I want you to have your wife's boyfriend store your BTC wallet on a USB2.0 8GB SanDisk Cruiser and have him shove as far into your anus as possible. Now before you remove it and snowball the feces covered USB drive, I demand my little bitch to come back, read my message in full and deliver a poorly thought out anger driven response filled with typos as you have already been doing. 
Do exactly what I say... like a cheap prostitute, you take orders from me! Now respond bitch! I demand you to! I run your life. I am your god. Do it. Respond now, my little bitch boy!
@_date: 2019-08-06 22:15:50
You need help. What do you do for a living? Are you okay? Do you normally tell people "what they want?" When did I tell you anything you said is incorrect? When did I ever disagree with you? When did I ever even indicate I am doing any more than glancing at the first and last sentences of your long responses? You have repeatedly called me names like a 5 year old would and are too afraid to give any details on your identity. You have already followed a link I had sent you with another account and it's disclosed your IP, ISP, city and state. Now tell us more about yourself.
Anyone reading this, watch how u/51percentile gets worked up and responds to me. He's my little bitch. He does exactly what I want him to. I post and he responds, red in the face screeching like an autist. Watch, he's going to respond any minute now. Just wait. I say jump, he says how high... Just watch.
@_date: 2019-08-06 23:17:25
My bitch!! Told you he'll do EXACTLY what I want him to. He is my little bitch slave until the day I die. He takes instructions from ME and ME only. I only have 8 years on reddit, the other people embarassing you have 10+. 
I'm on Vancouver Island in my $1m Victoria condo. I'll come down to Spokane or wherever the fuck and sign your phallic dildo for you. Okay bitch? 
Watch him respond in record timing. My bitch never fails me!
@_date: 2019-08-06 07:47:25
Where did you say anything about the USD hyper inflating in your OP? You are arguing against my response to your original post. I literally read through your posts and think to myself "Okay, so?" You're not wrong, it's just not inferred in your original post. 
I had interpreted your original post so as it suggests that if BTC had hyper-inflated to a value of $5B USD it for some whatever reason wouldn't be capable of buying a single loaf of bread. As if you didn't know BTC can be broken down until as tiny denominations as you want. I even asked you "what are you talking about?" Because no other reasoning had purpoae. You didn't say anything about any other economy's currency inflating. Just BTC's $$ value skyrocketing. Which is far more likely than the USD hyper-inflating. Now if you're thinking "I never said anything about USD" and were talking about BTC being worth $5B Zimbabwean dollars, then... Okay? Even a fraction  of a BTC is currently worth far far far more than that? We all know that. This post much infers that. I've never in my life ever seen anyone interpret BTC's value in Zimbabwean dollars. I'm willing to bet not even the crypto enthusiasts of Zimbabwe do that.
@_date: 2019-08-06 14:20:18
I'm looking at your original post, the one I'm responding to and don't see the term US dollar at all. You're so incredibly naive to think random strangers give a shit about your Asperger's driven novel style rants online. I had responded to your original post, you'd immediately gone "you're an idiot, how doesn't it make sense!" Continued to provide details you had missed out in the original post, clearing up confusion, recognizing your original post that I'd responded to was lacking any meaningful details. 
You made a comment. I inquired what you meant due to lack of details. You REE'd like a banshee telling me I can't comprehend anything, apparently provide additional details you hadn't in your original post throughout dozens of paragraphs which no one is going to read, effectively recognizing your original post didn't add up and now you're calling me a moron for inquiring on your original post to begin with. Reminds me of when I called my insurance broker with an essential question, the lady rudely asked "how doesn't this make any sense?!" Just as she picked up, asked her a question which she struggled to answer, I acknowledged and said "thanks for the answer" and she said "well, why didn't it make any sense?" Because without me having made any inquiry those details wouldn't have came to fruition. 
No one is reading your posts. Your unwarranted self importance is embarrassing. Go write a novel on the importance of attacking strangers online when they cause you to get downvoted on Reddit.
@_date: 2019-08-06 04:33:26
I have studied economics in my first year of uni and understand the concepts and causes behind inflation. Thing is, in your own statement you associates the value of $5M USD to a single Bitcoin, then explaining it wouldn't be of enough value to exchange for a loaf of bread. Thing is, bitcoins value is greatly determined by what people are willing to pay for it and what others are willing to exchange for it. If it has reached $5M it's because the markets have caused it to through very high demand and insufficient supply. If people refused to pay $5M USD the value would naturally decrease until it becomes viable. In your hypothetical situation, the market has both caused and speculated the value of a single Bitcoin has increased all the way to $5M. Someone on earth would more then willing to give you a thousand loaves of bread for 0.000205009 BTC.
@_date: 2019-08-06 12:34:25
Are you really so naive as to think I read anything in your subsequent comments past "you don't know what hyperinflation is!?" 
"In those comments, I was very specific concerning fiat money... (Lol)" 
A whole fucking novel away and you haven't even indicated which dollar currency you're referring to. I'll take it you're referring to JMD.
You're quite the novelist.
@_date: 2019-08-06 03:52:24
If 1BTC became worth $5B, someone would buy it for $5. That's a substantial amount of bread. Also, Bitcoins $$$ value only corresponds to what people are willing to pay.
@_date: 2019-08-06 22:27:24
Fucking retard makes a nonsensical joke (unfunny one) about the astronomically unlikely situation that BTC doesn't change in value (that would be silly!) But instead dominant international currency, the USD increases so much whereas $5B = in or around the current value of BTC. It's completely viable for me to ask what you're talking about. Your original post didn't make any sense. If it was a joke it failed miserably. If it was a speculative statement it was rediclious and obnoxious with an incredibly astronomical unlikelihood. To quote Gene Wilder, "you fail sir!" Which even you have admitted you have answered my inquiries in your later responses, acknowledging your lack of articulation in your original post. I don't give a fuck about any of the novels you typed up. You could have explicitly described how your father anally raped you on a day trip to Seattle with your Chinese mail-order mom and I wouldn't have known. I am not and will not read all that nonsense. All you want to do is argue, call names, and threaten strangers with 10 years experience on Reddit that you will can then. You have failed sir! Goodbye!
@_date: 2019-08-05 23:44:47
What? If 1BTC = $5b USD you could buy a whole bread factory. What are you talking about?