@_author: proshot82
@_date: 2017-12-04 02:00:39
Please understand, that the location of your bank account does not in fact matter (given it's not your home country account). Two things that matter are: 1) location of exchange. For example if you made a trade on US exchange and ended up with capital gains, it is considered US sourced income, which will be taxed no matter of your residency. There are very few countries that do not tax capital gains and Hong Kong is one them. Therefore, Bitfinex. 2) your tax residency. Now that CRS is in force, ANY bank will ask you about it. When time comes, bank will send information on the total amount of money credited to your account during the year to LOCAL tax office, which in turn will send it to the tax office of the country which bank THINKS is your country of residence (i.e. of which you provided residence permit/passport and address proof). It's not a bank's responsibility under CRS to investigate where you actually spend your time. So, if your residency (for the bank) is in country like Malta or St Kitts etc. which do not tax foreign income, you are fine. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:06:26
In order to do this, your residence (which you present to the  bank during account opening) must be in a country which does not care about your foreign income. Residence status must be supported with residence permit and proof of adddess. You must also provide tax id number from you country of residence.This can be arranged but it takes time and money. Read about Malta GRP programs.
@_date: 2016-11-02 18:25:54
Thanks you guys so much. I finally sorted it out. Turned out, i somehow ended up with TWO blockhain databases, one of them was in bitcoin core default folder and second one was on extrernal ssd. The one in default folder somehow ended up being incomplete but Armory kept syncing with it and not with a complete one on ssd. After lots of sweating i just reinstalled and rebuilt everything from scratch and balances showed up. Weirdly, Armory 0.9.5 kept crashing on "transaction scanning" with the latest bitcoin core, while 0.9.3 worked fine.
@_date: 2018-03-25 08:29:49
Capital (not income) is tax free too even remitted to Malta
@_date: 2016-10-31 19:39:38
OK, now it gets weirder.
Both transactions timestamp is way before. One is October 15, and another one is back in July. The only time i made any BTC payment by myself to a third party was also in July but for much much much smaller amount. 
If you say something is still in Armory wallet, how come i don't see it?