@_author: protez
@_date: 2017-12-02 13:17:59
Yes, the escrow nature of LN seems what is supposed to give trust to off-chain transactions. But it occurred to me that it's not quite like "lightning" for practical situations. Assume A is a user, and B is a payment processor employing LN. First, between A and B, "escrow," or "multi-signature transaction" should be written to blockchain beforehand. Otherwise, no one knows the real balance of A. Therefore, any lightning transactions require A to transfer his on-chain balance to the multi-signature address with B. It will take time and it's not quite lightning.
Anyway, assume A deposited his balance to the escrow in the hands of both A and B, but in practical sense, the bitcoin price fluctuate so hard that the amount of bitcoin required for the actual dollar payment will be too unpredictable to both A and B. B should be able to sell A's bitcoin on dollar exchange to reduce the risk, but A has the right to disagree. In addition, since the bitcoin to be sold on exchange is tied to the escrow, B might not be able to sell on exchange immediately. If an escrow is in dispute, both A and B will be hurt financially while bitcoin price fluctuates in the market.
In short, lightning network requires lots of trust between A and B before any LN transactions to be occurred and executions should be very carefully managed for both parties in practical situations. Is it really "lightning" if this is the case, or am I missing something?
@_date: 2017-12-02 12:43:10
Have a little noob question about LN. Assume A and B created off-chain transactions and made a successful exchange like digital asset transfer or something from A to B. But LN says the both A and B have the last minute resort to revert those transactions. What if a criminal B reverts the transaction even if he got what he's supposed to pay for from A? In short, how the heck A can trust the B's payment, if B can revert his payment at the last minute, and if the settlement risk takes time for A to confirm, why is it "lightning?"
@_date: 2017-12-03 06:27:31
Sorry, but I think you have a fundamental misunderstanding. You said permission thing. The symmetric permission thing between both parties are what people call it trustless, but it's not in practical situations as I described. If one of them disagrees for whatever reason, the trustlessness hurts one of them. Cryptographic thing enables escrow fund without third party. That's cool. But that's not trustless if either party doesn't agree on how escrow is used or updated. Penalized? Who will have the right to penalize? Lol. That is no way trustless.
@_date: 2017-12-25 06:43:19
Mean 1s blocktime like any other shitcoin?
@_date: 2017-12-03 07:00:23
If we assume agreement between both parties, LN is super cool since it makes micropayments possible. A and B can write millions of off-chain transactions on their escrow fund, but it's just written once a week or something to blockchain as a balance update. That's amazing. Millions txs into one. But what if A or B disagrees? LN is getting super uncool at the moment. A or B can disagree, or "penalize" by canceling off all the off-chain transactions. In short, it's trust problem between A and B, not technology, nor escrow fund, nor cryptographic proof.
Lightning devs definitely know this problem. But it's not possible to fix in terms of technology, since the "trustlessness" requires "mutual agreement" and the mutual agreement is implemented by the tx cancelation initiated by either party. No bad actors and another participant can steal the escrow fund, since A or B can cancel. But at the same time, if A or B disagrees, either can cancel all the time. The fund is locked in there, and it's hurting either of them. If locking is good for one of them, that one has the incentive to lock the fund. I don't mean it will happen all the time, but A and B should trust each other to make LN happen. A bad one can exploit LN since he always has the right to cancel last minute. LN is not absolutely trustless.
@_date: 2017-12-03 05:03:58
Crypto thing itself isnt trustless in LN. Cryptographic thing is just a tool for mutual agreement, not proof nor verification. 
For example, A puts his balance to his LN payment processor B and A purchased stuff on amazon using the escrow between A and B. How to prove and verify the transaction between A and amazon? It's totally out of scope, and the off-chain tranactions taking place on LN and whatever sidelines are out of cryptographic verificaion. It's just for mutual agreement between A and B and neither A nor B can prove or verify but only agree or disagree. That's why I think LN is total hype. LN isnt trustless. It depends on the cryptographic agreement between A and B and the time window to final settlement is too dangerous for both parties as they can agree at the time of transaction but either of them can disagree when its getting written to blockchain. What's trustless here?