@_author: provablysolvent
@_date: 2014-03-24 01:16:16
That's great. We're looking at your api now. I'm the owner of  which I purchased 8 months ago. Our team has been writing a white-paper called "Provably Solvent Cryptofinancial Systems and their Applications" for about 8 weeks. The paper will review the state-of-art including your contributions, those of G.Maxwell, P.Todd, O.Lalonde, Z.Wilcox and others who are looking into this idea. We will also be releasing our own contributions which we hope will help move this concept forward.
@_date: 2014-03-25 14:39:48
The landing page is up now, enjoy!
@_date: 2014-03-27 18:46:33
Cool, thanks. Just changed it now, looks great.
@_date: 2014-03-04 13:26:02
Hi Zak Wilcox, great site!
I’ll read it and provide some feedback.
My name is Adam Stradling and over the last 6 weeks our team has been working on a white paper titled:
“The Concept of Provably Solvent Cryptofinancial Systems and Their Implications”
I purchased the domain name  almost 8 months ago and since then I've purchased many more relating to the idea of using deep cryptography to prove the solvency (and conduct audits) of cryptofinancial systems. 
Our CTO, Philippe Camacho, has his PhD in Cryptography and actually did his thesis on Accumulators. Accumulators could be used for the same purpose that Merkle Trees are being used in the current implementations; however, accumulators should work more efficiently and preserve privacy (at least in theory). As you can imagine, privacy for both the user and the exchange is very important.
Currently, the ProvablySolvent site is inactive, but we’ll be uploading a Strikingly page today/tomorrow.
To learn more about me and the team, see this link:  
It would be great to have a Skype conversation with you and see how we can collaborate on this. I have been speaking with Olivier Lalonde, and I shared with him the dirty version of our paper. It’s still rough around the edges but it does answer many questions about the practical implementation of this idea and takes the idea several steps farther.
@_date: 2014-03-25 14:37:49
Just to clarify, we're not an exchange. We're aiming to develop technology that allows for secure, real-time, mathematically concise audits for exchanges, wallets, funds, etc. 
@_date: 2014-03-24 01:49:02
Decentralized exchanges look cool and I hope they rise in popularity. Do you know how fast orders are executed on these exchanges? How deep is the order book? Are there different order books depending on your payment method/location?
@_date: 2014-03-24 01:31:37
The fiat side is more difficult because even if the exchange published an accurate/unaltered snapshot of their database, you'd still need users to verify their balances. Else the auditor would have to match every fiat deposit, withdrawal, and trading history with a user in the database. That’d be a lot of work for one of the big exchanges who could have 200k+ transactions. Further, not many reputable auditors (like the Big Four) would do the audit since they don't really understand Bitcoin right now. We think there is a better solution that uses statistical sampling combined with an incentive system for users to publicly report their fiat transactions through a secure broadcast channel (like the Bitcoin blockchain). You’d lose privacy but we’re considering using a cryptographic function called commitments to maintain the privacy of the user and the exchange during this process.
@_date: 2014-03-24 02:34:06
We're making a nice site but yea, a simple Launch Rock would be best ... doing it now! :-)
@_date: 2014-03-25 14:38:57
The landing page is up now.
@_date: 2014-03-24 01:00:52
There's no room for error with Bitcoin. I bet many of these exchanges started with good intentions (even Gox), but made a mistake here and there which cost them money. A Provably Solvent Audit system would alert users to even the smallest insolvency of an exchange. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 16:49:15
Cool, I'll PM you my Skype name and email. 
Yea, I’m not a cryptographer either, but I’m pretty good at seeing the commercial applications of new technologies and then making technical things easy for non-technical people to understand. 
You’ll find our paper contains very little deep technical detail. We will publish a detailed technical version later, in addition to useable code. It’s more conceptual right now. For example, how do you motivate users to enter liability-side verifications (via an open-source browser based plug-in) for exchange fiat balances and deposit addresses?
 
Well, that’s where  comes in (we own this domain). Solventcoin is essentially a DAO where the user is rewarded solventcoins by submitting liability data about their accounts at third-party exchanges or other crypto-businesses. By providing an incentive based system for users too securely and privately “tag” exchange deposit addresses and exchange fiat balances, we can build up a distributed database (a “blockchain” or a “solvencychain.com” … which we also own) of user data about an exchanges liabilities (and much more). 
Essentially, we’ve crowd-sourced the liability-side of the audit process via a rewards system. It’s similar to how Coindesk implemented a survey about Gox’s liabilities, except Solventcoin does “this survey” via a DAC and embedded coin. 
The proposed Solventcoin also has many other features which play into creating a robust Provably Solvent ecosystem. For example, Solventcoin will make it easy and secure for businesses and individuals to “prove-the-ownership” of cryptocurrency addresses. If you take a moment to think about how you’d do this at scale, securely, and privately, it may not be as easy as just signing a Bitcoin transaction with something like “Bitstamp Deposit Address for Customer Account  or the reverse for the customer. Asset-side proofs can also be supported by features in Solventcoin.
 
I think Audit is the most unexplored territory of our current ecosystem and will ultimately will be one of the top ten applications of distributed, cryptographic technologies (alongside remittances, store-of-value, privacy, etc).
So yea, I’m totally down to rock this out and make it work! I just want to see all this cool stuff get built since I’m pretty sure it’s going to be a-w-e-s-o-m-e!
