@_author: prurient_questions
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:16:44
Seems ... completely over-the-top and outrageous, but at least we finally won the war on drugs.  Time to pack it up folks.
@_date: 2017-11-12 22:39:52
Where do you acquire these?  Is there a fairly decent website or forum for them?
@_date: 2019-01-19 20:45:56
Coinstar is the devil.
@_date: 2018-02-09 20:43:09
The horror stories stem from the SLOWNESS of the VA. I'm not saying they're perfect by any means, but the people who actually do the hospital work are dedicated to their cause, because otherwise they'd be at any of the other numerous locations one can go when qualified to do their work.  The fact that we as a country publicly shit on the VA so frequently rather than try to support the mission is one of the things I've started to champion as I grow older (along with incarceration rates for nonviolent offenders), so this strikes a nerve.
We constantly hear about "taking care of the troops", but the people who are tasked with this aren't nearly compensated enough, recruited hard enough, or given the best and newest tools to do their jobs.  The fact that our troops don't actually have access to quick, phenomenal care shouldn't fall on those who dedicate their lives to providing that care, but to the system that repeatedly fails to properly fund, recruit, and administer care on the level you'd want a veteran to receive should they be your family member.  The VA works... it's just slow because they're never staffed enough for the multitude of sick veterans in our country without proper care.  That's the part that should be so incredibly frustrating.
@_date: 2018-02-09 14:43:53
Seriously... fuck off with that nonsense. That might be one of the most over-perpetuated rumors in existence currently.  Most doctors and nurses that work at VAs take 20-30% less money to deal with an arguably more difficult patient base and the legal complications that come with it. Anesthesiologists at the VA top out at like... 325 or 350, which is BELOW the median salary for the job and well into the bottom 3rd currently. Same is true with ortho, radiology, and cardiac. ... and all those folks work fucking hard.  I've never met a VA nurse or doc who didn't bust their absolute ass for their mission of caring for vets. Sure the bureaucracy sucks, but that could all be handled with actual leadership (which comes from an actual budget and talent).
The legal teams that fight on behalf of the veterans at the VAs are also severely underpaid relative to their peers. The fact of the matter is, just go to the VAs website. Look at all those drop-down menus, services, and things they handle for veterans.  
This agency should be run top-to-bottom with a massive budget and people putting their "money where their mouth is" with regard to our veterans, but, year after year, assholes spend so much time talking about how much of a shithole it is instead of recognizing that their top talent all take massive pay cuts to provide for our veterans. Something that congress, news stations, and keyboard 'kings' fail to understand.  If you want the VA to be less of a "trainwreck" to deal with, give them more than a shoestring budget and the talent will come.  
Edit: My point being, they do well with what they have. Just check out the amount of openings they cannot fill because of their shitty pay/benefits packages relative to private hospitals. There are hundreds of openings for skilled physicians across the country, but they just simply don't pay enough.  Even on the admin side, there's no comparable hospital offering a 10+ year (requirement) medical director position only 185-205k (with a 300k max over time). That's a 250-285+k starting position, 200+k at a tiny, tiny rural location.  
I know the bureaucracy sucks, and I'm sure there are mistakes in the VA system (as with any other), but, from first and secondhand experience, they're really dedicated to their mission and do very well with what resources they're given.  If you really want it to change, your congressperson should be lobbying in chambers for more money for Vets, rather than just paying them lip service. Lip service doesn't make actual treatment any better.
@_date: 2016-07-31 19:42:22
The withholding of evidence of the actions of the DEA during his investigation.  I think that and the fact that they never had to show how the investigation/acquisition of evidence were carried out (to the extent of warrant-less data acquisition and intelligence gathering), at least warrants a retrial.  The murder for hire stuff would all get back in, but I'm not exactly sure how that played out in the first place.  I think they never convicted him on any of it, but had evidence of him laundering some money toward such a plot (I'd have to go back and look at it again).
@_date: 2016-07-31 18:03:55
Ulbricht deserves a retrial, but no pardon.  I could understand one in the case of Snowden, and I think the military justice system has different procedures for the case of Manning.