@_author: psamathe
@_date: 2012-12-06 23:47:31
Because MtGox is a trade site, there's only so many Bitcoins available that people are willing to sell. There's no other supply than that generated by the Bitcoin protocol of around 150 BTC / hour as of now.
Let's do a thought experiment. Us Bitconians decide to put our full salary in our account at BitcoinCentral. I'm gonna pull the number 15$ as the average salary per hour. 40 hour week days means we on average make  (40 * 15)/(24 * 7) = 3.57$ an hour over a week.
(Remember, Bitcoins are still generated even when we do not work. :) )
In BTC with the current exchange rate, this would be roughly 0.26BTC an hour in average that would be put in our account.
As previously mentioned, 150 BTC get generated each hour.
150/0.26 ~= 577.
What this tells us is that as soon as more than 577 average payed people put their salaries towards BTC, the total supply currently being generated by the Bitcoin protocol wouldn't be able to cover them. This supply will only go down in the future.
I hardly know anything about economics, and I realize that a bank don't actually need to have the total funds available that they in fact owe their customers. But I'm thinking that this got to have some impact. As you said, price will probably go up.
EDIT: Furthermore. Would the bank purchase the Bitcoins at the time of the deposit of your salary? So as to make sure that they've got the Bitcoins to back you up?
Or, would they on the other hand just keep a virtual count based on the current exchange rate without purchasing the actual Bitcoins? In this latter case, there's no actual Bitcoins for you until the moment they buy them for you (Perhaps at withdrawal). And by not buying them in the first place the exchange rate does not immediately reflect the demand for the coins.
I sure wish I knew more about how this stuff works. :D
@_date: 2012-12-07 01:50:34


No I realize that. My calculations were merely an attempted thought experiment at a "what if" scenario.
I appreciate the feedback.
@_date: 2012-12-12 07:24:57
I'm familiar with the crypto, but not entirely in the details of the Bitcoin protocol so the following will be a rough explanation.
~~When you tell your client to send so-and-so many coins to a certain address it will build a transaction message for this. Basically it says "YOURADDRESS puts SOMEOTHERADRESS in ownership of X BTC". Your client then broadcasts this on the network.~~
~~Of course, YOURADDRESS could be faked to anyone's address, so to authenticate this transaction as legit on the network, the message must be sent together with a copy of itself encrypted using the private key associated with YOURADDRESS. Only the original owner of that address would have the private key (if it hasn't been stolen of course). The authenticity of the transaction could then be verified by using the public key (YOURADDRESS) which is available to anyone who receives the message.~~
~~SOMEOTHERADDRESS doesn't need to be verified to any other extent than that it is a legitimate BitCoin address. You can put money in anyone's pocket. It doesn't even have to ever have been generated by anyone. In which case the money would practically be lost, forever^TM.~~
~~Of course you need to actually have the X BTC indicated in the message, but since all real clients have a full copy of the blockchain, they know precisely how many BTC is owned by that address and weather the transaction is valid or not.~~
~~Roughly, that's how it goes.~~
~~EDIT: In practice, there's quite more detail. The above would be susceptible to a replay attack.~~
TL;DR: Transactions you generate are signed with your private key so that everyone on the network can be sure that you generated it and not an impostor. They do this by verifying it against your public key. If it checks out, it must've been you who signed it, since only you have your private key.
This is also why Bitcoin-transactions can't be charged back. It's impossible for you to deny that you made the transaction, it was signed with your private key. If it reached other peers in the network, it's out there. Commonly called non-repudiation.
@_date: 2012-11-28 17:42:32
Thanks! :)
@_date: 2012-12-18 01:44:10
A browser plugin that would recognize Bitcoin-addresses in any page and let you send money by a simple click would be nice.
Of course you'd need to have a wallet setup first somewhere. The plugin would probably just let you import the keys.
Security would be the main obstacle. Passphrase needed for each occasion. Possible maximum amount per day. Etc, etc.
@_date: 2012-11-28 07:53:15
Granted, it is a little weird. This is because the hour-hand does not coincide with the difficulty cycle. The second hand does 14 revolutions for each revolution of the minute hand (14 * 144 = 2016).
The reward-drop which happens per 210 000 blocks is not made to follow the difficulty cycle (210000/2016 = 104.166... ).
In short, the second-hand and minute-hand represents the cycle event of recalculation of the difficulty, whereas the hour-hand shows the cycle-event of a reward drop.
EDIT: I believe that at the reward-drop, the minute-hand will be at 2:00 and the second-hand at 4:00.
EDIT: Revolutions &gt; Revelations
@_date: 2012-12-06 16:46:34
This is great news! But I'm inquisitive to how they'll be able to handle withdrawals from an account If they don't have capital to back those funds up.
As to my understanding, regular banks suffer this problem as well, but there's a lot more USD/EUR/JPY printed and available than BTC.
Is there enough BTC up for sale on the market to cover larger than usual withdrawals? Could someone shed some light on this for me?
EDIT: To clarify, by withdrawal I don't mean purchasing goods with a debit card in another currency. I mean actually withdrawing your funds to a BTC address.
EDIT2: They might solve it through their user agreement.


@_date: 2012-12-03 11:14:21
I've been quite perplexed by this as well. I'm wondering if it can be explained satisfactorily by Bitcoin botnets.
@_date: 2013-04-05 12:09:47
The blocks DeepBit hands out to the miners to solve for is readable by the miners. They could not attempt any fraudulent activity without doing it in the open. As long as they're under scrutiny and the miners of the pool are aware of their actions there is no problem.
If any big mining pool would ever try this, they would be shunned for the rest of what is to become Bitcoin history. It would be one really big heist of a double spend to warrant tarnishing a name to that degree.
The 51%-attack would not be carried out by a visible entity. A longer blockchain would be generated in the dark before being broadcast to the network.
@_date: 2013-01-02 17:00:55
[brute-force attacks against 256-bit keys will be infeasible until computers are built from something other than matter and occupy something other than space.](
@_date: 2013-02-26 20:06:22
At Kapiton (I'd think it's the biggest Swedish exchange), the current ask translates to ~33$.
@_date: 2013-05-13 16:37:28
First of, the problem is to have a real world problem that is hard to compute but easy to verify, just like hashes.
Secondly, the difficulty of the problem must be adaptable to an arbitrary difficulty.
Third, the problem must be mathematically secure. That is to say the problem should be considered to have no other solutions than through bruteforce (I bet someone can put this more eloquently than me).
Consider if there was a breakthrough in the field which concerns the problem which reduces its complexity, all of a sudden those hard calculations that had secured the integrity of all the transactions for - let's say - all blocks in Bitcoin history is now moot and carrying out an attack dating back further trough the blockchain is easier as the problem is now solvable much faster.
This is also the case for the SHA256-algorithm. 
@_date: 2013-01-10 02:42:40
I started out at the beginning of November if I recall correctly. Might've been late October. My plan was just to get a piece of the cake before ASICs hit and the reward was halved.
I studied the mining hardware comparison and looked through online auctions to see what would net me most with as little money as possible. Power consumption was not a problem for me as it's included in the rent at a flat price. I was instead limited in the amount of hardware I already had available. Number of computers, power supply, etc. etc.
Anyways, I believe I started out with two 5850's and as November passed and no ASICs hit the market I kept investing in hardware. Today I've reached my limit as to how many cards I can run with what I have. Currently running 5x5870 and 1x5850, the latter will hopefully be replaced by a 5870 by the end of next week.
Since the beginning I've mined around 23 BTC in total. Currently I've got ~2.5 BTC and the rest I've sold for a total value of 264$.
With the current setup and BTC price I make around 10 BTC/140 USD a month. Not that much, but it helps me go around.
Going through my banking history I can see I've put in about 1100$ in total for all the cards I've bought. Other than those cards mentioned above, two 5850s I'm about to sell and another 5850 broke. I'm hoping to be able to sell the cards again for roughly the same price at which I bought them and that it will net me a profit in the end.
The sole reason I actually can make a profit is just because I don't pay for electricity. Had it been otherwise, I wouldn't have gotten into this.
My plans for the future are to mine away until ASICs hit and my profits diminish enough that it'll be more profitable to sell the cards before they go down too much in value.
Any questions, just ask.
EDIT: As to advice if you want to get into mining, hold off for now. I would wait until the dust settles after the ASICs arrive. Then do some calculations based on the difficulty, the trend in difficulty, which ASIC gives the highest hashrate compared to power usage and your current electricity pricing as well as the cost of the unit.
As it seems now, I would not be able to profit much from going into ASICs because I really don't have as much capital at hand as most of the serious miners seem to have. I was able to get a piece of the cake just because of the free electricity and cheap GPUs.
What does however speak for going into ASICs is that perhaps there'll be a lot less miners in the beginning just because only the serious miners will get in on it. Alot of people have powerful GPUs regardless of their interest in mining. This makes me believe that mining will be more concentrated to a smaller bunch of people.
Furthermore, I believe that it's hard to assess the impact to the global hashing rate caused by Bitcoin botnets. Perhaps half of the global hash rate is in the hands of botnet owners which hash away on other peoples GPUs. The arrival of ASICs would in large render the botnets useless and without impact on the future of mining. This would further enhance the point I made above about mining being more concentrated to a smaller bunch of people.
Other than that, you could derive some numbers on the probable future network capacity based on the amount of ASIC units - and their hashing power - promised to be delivered by the various vendors.
In the end, If you're thinking about getting into mining, wait for ASICs to arrive and for the hype to settle. Decide for yourselves what your projections are, for how long can you wait until you make a profit? Do the math. Then do the math again.
@_date: 2013-04-21 01:38:47
@_date: 2013-04-06 16:39:43
The only reasonable solution I see is to solve this at the mining software level. No matter how many pools the hashrate is divided over, you can't be certain they're all run by the same entity.
For example, mining software could ensure that the block they're solving for always has to point back at a previously broadcasted block. This way, the mining software could not be used by pools to build a chain in the dark before broadcasting it.
Of course the above only makes sure that such a malicious act by a mining pool has to be done in the open, but if miners can't respond in time to switch pools the attack can still be successful.


It should, and it should then stop mining. I'm unsure of the details of how a attack would be performed in regards to transactions included in the block, but I hope some heuristics could cover it in combination with a full Bitcoin-node.
@_date: 2013-02-27 10:23:10
Of course. I left that out as an exercise for the reader. :)
@_date: 2013-05-24 22:02:36
For ~700 SEK (105$) you could get a used 5870. I've got six of them, overclocked I've maxed out at about 430 MH/s, but on average they're running at 400 MH/s each.
I could imagine that you could get them cheaper in the US. Most bang for the buck should be the 5830 as I've heard they respond well to overclocking.
@_date: 2013-03-26 12:24:08
To add upon the other comments that gives examples of exchanges in other regions, I'm based in Sweden and trade at Kapiton.se.
You register as on any other site, with email and password. No verification is needed as long as you don't intend to trade amounts exceeding 10 000 SEK (~1500 USD). They've got a number of ways to deposit funds, the easiest being a standard system established in Sweden (Bankgiro). Expected time for money to reach them is about three days. And you can withdraw funds to your account, which also takes about three days.
They don't - beknowst to me - handle hard cash payments or withdrawals, so as always when you're dealing with banks there's going to be a a paper trail and subsequently a loss of anonymity.
This information won't help you, but it puts into perspective the various regulations exchanges can be bound to depending on which country they're operating in.
As others have said, you're not bound to MtGox. I'm not particularly fond of the free market method, but this is one of those instances where I think it'll do good. Go to a competitor.
EDIT: The above expected times are specified for accounts in swedish banks, although they support SEPA-transfers I have no experience to comment. And while typing this BTC reached a new all-time high, 79.70$. Yay.
@_date: 2013-02-04 18:38:02
Please, please, please cover the 51% attack.
It's a common misconception that an entity needs more than half of the network computing power to carry out an attack, when in reality any number above fifty percent just means a statistical advantage to sustain the attack, as the perpetrators generated chain will always outrun the length (measured in combined difficulty) than that of the legit network. (In the long run.)
For a temporary attack on the network, I could have a custom miner running, always trying to build upon the latest block in the legit chain. I could be running this on ancient hardware if I so liked. When (Not if) I mine a block, I perform a transaction. I'll let it get one confirmation (I.e, wait for the legit network to generate one new block, so now they've caught up to me). I could then hope that my own block had a higher difficulty than that of the legit network, and then I could broadcast it, which I could use to reverse the confirmation of my transaction and spend it elsewhere for at least one block.
Of course my ancient hardware could never sustain this attack, and the likelihood of it actually finding a block before the legit network is practically zero. However, look at some of the pools and you'll notice that once in a while they're lucky and find a number of blocks in a short amount of time. You don't necessarily need to amass more than 50% of the total network power to perform a temporary attack from time to time, only to sustain it.
Please correct me if I'm wrong. I read a really good thread that I believe covered this a while ago, but I'm unable to find it. :(
@_date: 2013-04-05 20:38:26
You and ScreamingAmish both make valid points.
It's of course preferable to not have the majority of mining power centralized to one entity, I'd just like to stress that it's not a cause of panic.
But, if we're being paranoid, ponder on the possibility that the rivaling pool of DeepBit is run by the very same entity. If I had sinister motives I'd start a bunch of pools that promises low fees to attract miners and make sure that they together amass the majority.
What I am saying is that threat of pools going rogue can only be mildly alleviated by the - perhaps - wrong assumption that they're run by different entities. What we do know to a hundred percent is what blocks they ask miners to solve.
I'd love to see a feature in CGMiner that alerts the user according to custom conditions, not only to prevent pools going rogue, but perhaps making sure that you're not mining for a pool that includes SatoshiDice-transactions?
Where was I going with this? Anyways. In conclusion, you're right. More pools. :)
