@_author: pscrilla
@_date: 2017-12-18 21:36:49
Hey Deannolan!
Hope all is well, and first off thank you for your donations! 
Would you consider donating to an educational non-profit? Politcraft developed a medium that helps kids speak to issues in their society, whether thats in politics, issues in their hometowns, or just topics that they are passionate about. Especially in today's "turbulent times", I feel like students have felt disconnected from the political process, making it difficult to express their views in a constructive or empathtic way. Politcraft is an educational game that helps make it easy for kids to understand real-life civic scenarios and empowers them with tools and ideas to actually bring those things to life. Its really incredible to see how its envourages kids to get involved in their communities, but with education always being in the finalcial state its in, it makes it a bit hard to stress the importance while also making it financially viable. 
You can get in contact with a few members of the board for verification, but i know they could certainly work with someone to get BTC as an accepted donation option. There is a huge struggle for funds and grants now, so even a donation like this would mean a world of difference to them and provide many avenues of support (including donating the game to various school distrcits, working with teachers on further ways to expand the circulum, and I'm sure many more). It would be great if you could consider them, i think its so important to get kids involved in civics to hopefully encourage them to change things they want to change!
@_date: 2017-12-14 00:52:55
Posting on behalf of a friend who submitted an entry to the pineapplefund website, but also wanted to provide a snippet of what her Nonprofit does in Civic Education for students. It's an incredible organization and has seen amazing responses from teachers around the states trying to get their kids involved in their communities. She is a director there and this is what she asked I post. Please DM me if you have any questions and she thanks you for the consideration. Its really incredible what you guys are doing, especially in such trying times! :)
Politicraft, Inc. 
The mission of PolitiCraft, Inc. is to transform traditional civics learning by developing students’ social-emotional skills, literacy skills, systems thinking tools, and design learning mindsets, while fostering improved communication, civil discourse and real-world civic engagement both locally and nationally.
After years of research and development we launched our first product, PolitiCraft, last year. PolitiCraft is a non-partisan action civics card game for the high school classroom that is now being played in 40 states across the US. Through game play, students are guided by the cards to craft narratives based upon a student selected civic issue, informing them of the multiple pathways available to achieve real change in their school and community, while fostering greater civic participation nationwide. Our aim is to not only empower students with the knowledge of our political system and how it works, but to also give them a safe space to practice what it would mean to engage in bringing about a change in their community. Your donation would be pivotal in advancing our cause to transform the way civics is taught in schools across the country and would be used in several ways.
First, it would be used to build new versions of our card game. We have gotten so many requests from teachers for versions of the game that could be played in middle and elementary schools. The conversations that our game inspires about the change you want to see in your community and the ideas from the game about how you can make that change are crucial and should be starting at a very early age. We would use the donation to hire curriculum specialists in these levels to tailor the existing game to make it appropriate for these younger ages and produce these new versions. And, as our first product is a ‘base deck’ we want to develop ‘expansion packs’ for all levels that could be subject, location or issue specific that teachers can fold into their existing deck, i.e., “Geography, Economics, World Issues, State Issues”.
Second, our nonprofit has hopes of distributing the game for free to those schools that can’t afford it, to empower those students that are often overlooked by the systems or don’t have access to the same level of materials that those in wealthier districts do. We currently sell our game at cost as we do not want to overburden the teachers that are buying our game out of their own pockets. The donation would also be used to continue to sell at cost (or lower!) while still allowing us to move forward with our mission.
Lastly, we are developing a ‘conversation series’ that utilizes our game to facilitate conversations on difficult subjects that may be going on in a school or community at large. Your donation would help us fund the pilot series that we would then develop into a package that could be distributed to all schools/communities that may need it.
Please check out our website which is full of information about what we do and why we do it. 
There are great videos that give a good overview of how the game works, including a set of video instructions that’s great to play in the classroom. 
It also contains free classroom resources for teachers including original classroom curriculum and tools to help introduce the game to students. 
As mentioned, thank you for what you are doing and for your consideration!