@_author: pseudothink
@_date: 2017-12-16 19:59:06
No transaction fee.  [It was free, as far as I know.](  (Not counting the original Exchange fee that Coinbase charged.)
I'm still waiting for the transaction to complete, to confirm that my understanding is correct.  I may be misunderstanding things, in which case a transaction fee would be a disappointing but practical reality that effects Bitcoin's current utility for me, but maybe not in the future after Lightning is deployed.  But AFAIK currently, zero transaction cost to me.
Transaction cost to the environment, in terms of electricity used by miners to confirm the transaction?  That's a different matter, and one which I will also be pondering and considering as I educate myself.
@_date: 2017-12-16 20:31:31
Perfect, thanks for the info and heads up!  I'm still getting my mental model of everything straightened out, and it doesn't help that GDAX hides the transaction fee without obvious explanation, and Coinbase uses the term "wallet" to describe what are actually just internal Coinbase accounts/stores.  Makes getting an accurate understanding rather tricky for a newbie like myself.
@_date: 2017-12-25 21:52:45
Andreas Antonopoulos gives a good explanation of the problem of scaling by increasing block size, using approximation with orders of magnitude to simplify the analysis: 
@_date: 2017-12-26 01:30:11
That's a fantastic document, thanks!  I've only started reviewing it, but it seems (to me) that there's a problem with this:


$26M mining rigs don't seem (to me) to be particularly in the spirit of fostering a decentralized system which isn't vulnerable to things like 51% majority takeover by "big players".  I'm curious if you're aware of a rebuttal to this, or maybe I should just keep reading to discover it later in the document.  Regardless, thanks again!  Looks like a great source.
Also: I'll need to do more learning before I fully understand how block headers not scaling with block size addresses the concerns about BTC -&gt; BCH.  But it does seem relevant and interesting.  Thanks!
@_date: 2017-12-06 00:13:39


I came here to make this same comment.  Glad I wasn't the first.  This is why I bought my first BTC last week at $10k, and now have a bit of four cryptocurrencies, each for very specific reasons:
* BTC because it was first to market and biggest.
* ETH because it is second, still possibly profitable to mine, and works better for quick transactions.
* IOTA because Microsoft and Samsung just got involved in it, it is still pre-bubble (but now the fourth largest market cap), and tangle + no fee transactions + useful work all add up to a promising next-gen package.
* XMP because it is private, thus offering something that the other big ones don't, and I'm only mining it.
@_date: 2017-12-16 20:28:30
Cool, great info, thanks!  It's a little confusing because GDAX and Coinbase use the term "wallets" to describe their internal account structures used for holding BTC, ETH, and LTC.  However, I think I understand now that these may not actually be wallets in the technical sense (ie. not like a paper wallet or a hardware wallet), and they are really just virtual accounts/stores valid only within GDAX and Coinbase.  Added to that, if GDAX is paying the transaction fee in the background, that is an interesting thing.  I wonder what Lightning will do for transaction fees, then.
@_date: 2017-12-16 20:35:35
The hero I needed and did not deserve.  Thank you!  PS - I just realized this is related to (the same as?) [the O'Reilly book]( by the same author which I purchased a week ago but haven't yet dived into.  I've been reading [a different book]( I bought at the same time, which attracted me with its svelte thickness and sexy lemmas and formulas.  It's great on theory, but less useful (so far) for the practical logistics.
@_date: 2017-12-27 12:19:03
It might seem this way, but I suggest the OP intentionally posted an image link because the context provided by the thumbnail might attract more clicks.  At least, that's part of why I visited it.  I'm definitely susceptible to that effect, since I know that anything at a thumbnail link is likely to only take a few seconds to parse, whereas there is no such guarantee for links redirecting to text content.
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:11:52
Update: my therapist accepted payment in Bitcoin.  I gave her a paper wallet I'd printed out before the appointment, along with a [Bitcoin cheat sheet]( I made based on my current knowledge.  [Here's the transaction]( for anyone interested.
@_date: 2017-12-16 18:43:09
[Minutes to hours]( is probably more accurate, currently.  But once Lightning gets deployed, "seconds to minutes" may be more accurate.
@_date: 2017-12-16 18:47:47
Your use case represents your understanding and attitude towards Bitcoin.  That is, you bought in for a tiny amount in 2013, just to dabble and become more aware.  But you likely haven't used it at all, and you'll sell in order to get the psychological reward of "winning".  But I'm guessing (perhaps incorrectly) that you haven't likely invested significant time, effort, or money into cryptocurrencies, for understandable reasons.  We're currently in the process of seeing if people who are buying Bitcoin now are doing so with a similar mindset, or doing it with a different one.  Time will tell!
@_date: 2017-12-16 18:38:56
The flip side is that people can argue that paying cash settles a transaction immediately, instead of in minutes.  This is relevant for paying for store-bought goods, groceries, gas, restaurants, etc.  However, when Lightning comes online, BTC transactions might become essentially immediate (assuming Internet access).  That's part of why it's currently an interesting time.  We're still in the speculation phase of deciding what Bitcoin (and cryptocurrencies in general) may become.
@_date: 2017-12-16 20:05:25
Currently I think it has limited uses.  That is why it is a huge speculative risk right now.  But I think that as public interest and adoption grows, it start becoming more useful as well.  At some point, it may gain critical mass it needs to reach its "final form" (  There will probably be a substantial correction after that happens (ie. a drop in value of at least 30-40%), but it may eventually reach and maintain a stable market capacity and relatively stable volatility.  Coupled with Lightning, at that point, it could become a useful currency as well as a stable store of value. But until then, IMO anyone holding BTC is an early adopter vulnerable to the risks and limitations of being on the bleeding edge of a new thing. 
@_date: 2017-12-29 00:54:02
@_date: 2017-12-16 18:10:20
I just sent my Reddit Secret Santa (among other things) a Bitcoin paper wallet, which I used to send her ~.002 BTC (about $40 currently) for free, without needing banks.  Plus there is now a public record of the transaction, and I can send her more BTC any time I want, for as long as that wallet remains relatively secure and in use.  I bought enough BTC to be interesting (ie. more than 0.02 BTC but less than 1 BTC) a few weeks ago, when it was at $10k.  I'm educating myself and learning how to securely and properly use it every day.  I plan on offering to pay my therapist in BTC on Monday, and I honestly suspect that she might agree to it, despite probably not having any experience with Bitcoin yet.  Interesting times.
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:15:35
Also having this issue, trying to add my credit union checking account.  Was successfully able to add a checking account from another bank (just a minute ago), but trying to add my credit union account (with a larger balance) failed with the same error from Coinbase ("Please provide a valid account_id.").