@_author: pseudodeterminist
@_date: 2015-12-01 12:53:38
Tumbling advertises to Coinbase and the US government that you want to hide your ownership of some coins. In short, it flags you on their watch lists so they look more closely at you. Making the post you made here can also do the same. Anonymity is harder with Bitcoin, not easier.
@_date: 2015-12-01 13:16:22
It's pretty safe. There are trade-offs, not all of which I'm very clear on. Holding your own money is fine, but what if something happens to you, or you lose the keys? There is no recourse. With Coinbase, your money at least might be retrievable by family members, your estate, etc. I actually don't know if Coinbase has a procedure for that, but I know if you keep your own coins and are asking this question, then you don't have a procedure for that. Yes, they can seize your coins, or the govt can. But if the govt really wants them, they can seize you anyway, as is quite clear from the daily news reports. So, yeah. Coinbase is reasonably safe.
@_date: 2015-12-01 12:24:30
The best "place" is not a place, it's a time. And that time is, not now. You already have the better investment.
@_date: 2015-12-01 12:37:17
It can work no other way right now. Bitcoin can be price set by the owners who mined it first, and these are few and hold vastly the most coins. They are selling them on the open market, but by necessity they are the "market makers" and set the price. That's how it works in a new market, which Bitcoin still is. If it really catches on, those guys will have sold massive bitcoins, gotten extremely rich, and the market will (maybe) be less dominated by them. But honestly, which bigger market do you think is free from manipulation? Gold? Stock market? You might be in for a shocker. None of them are.
@_date: 2017-02-09 08:12:36
Thank you Adam for all you do. Thoughts I'd like to add to this discussion: Bitcoin layer 1 (what we have now) is a property ownership layer with the most secure property transfer protocol, Nakamoto consensus. I think people who want big blocks before segwit think of it more as a payment system for every transaction (every cup of coffee, as they say). As a small user who owns as much as I can get but also spends, I do buy coffee with bitcoins and I think it's absurd to demand on-chain settlement for this. The UTXO set cannot bear, in my opinion ever, that kind of tx load. I use a Bitcoin debit card thru Coinbase. I know that current transaction fees lock out UTXO's less than .0002 or so... which we would call dust. In my opinion this is a terribly good idea so as not to tie up block creation resources, which must be fast, on searching that long tail. So I think the fee market and block size limit are doing great work, solving what would otherwise be a serious denial of service problem in Bitcoin. I remember when Mike Hearn predicted Bitcoin would crash if block limit was reached. But it didn't; instead it only got better. So, I think we need be in no hurry to do simple block size increase. Let's keep small transactions off layer 1 forever. So I am in agreement with segwit first. We need the best Bitcoin at current block size, and we need to build layer 2. Bigger blocks can come in time, but NO Hearn emergency is making us need them quick. 1MB limit is stopping spam, DOS, and abuse of UTXO set. I'm looking forward to the day when I can buy my coffee on lightning network instead of Bitcoin debit card. Lightning network is real Bitcoin! Thanks for this thread.
@_date: 2016-01-17 00:24:05
You gotta love the cheesy looking coins behind him. Not what my bitcoins look like.
@_date: 2017-03-30 13:54:29
The biggest problem is not with block size or tx per second but with UTXO set growth. This must be kept at strict growth rate limitation or checking new tx's will become the worst bottleneck. This is why the block chain is only suitable for reserves and not spending. Layer 2 such as lightning is not if, but how soon. It really is Bitcoin only it will work much faster and cheaper than on-chain. How does everyone not get this by now?
@_date: 2017-01-27 02:54:57
Huge, if it were true. But nice try and I don't think so. Verifiable trusted computing is here and will only become more reliable. It does not replace the need for proof of work in a coin's value proposition. Bitcoin's block chain, to be replaced by trusted computing, would still need MANY CPUs to solve the double spending problem, and be just as vulnerable to 51 attack. Trusted computing cannot eliminate need for block chain and POW.
@_date: 2016-12-18 09:30:56
nullc said:


YES THERE ARE MANY EXAMPLES. if you remember only one thing you read in this thread let it be this:
nullc said:


It's not like it's an order or anything. It's just really good advice. The reason is your bitcoins exist on the public block chain, and everyone can see them, and brainwallets access them directly, so everyone can try to hack your brainwallet, and the whole world does try. A regular bitcoin wallet can only be hack attacked if the hacker has a copy of the wallet file. But a brainwallet can be attacked by anyone and everyone. There are hackers with large computing power hacking brainwallets 24/7, and new ones are cleaned out on a very regular basis. These were all presumably thought to be secured with strong enough passwords, but they weren't.
@_date: 2016-12-18 09:44:43
Doing this would have to instantly qualify you for a Bitcoin Darwin award, not to mention instant tattoo regret. 
Try getting some trusted family members or friends and do distributed security. If you forget your info or something happens to you, then maybe (if they learn bitcoin) they can pool together their pieces of info and take care of your wishes. At least there's a chance the bitcoins won't just be lost forever. It's a tough problem. I'd actually like a better idea than this myself, but I don't know anyone who even cares at all about bitcoins.
@_date: 2016-12-31 07:47:24
Isaac Newton didn't work alone either when he devised his best theories nor when he devised the best money of his time that stood unchallenged for centuries. I like to compare Satoshi to him. Once, when Newton submitted an anonymous solution to a famous problem, Jacob Bernoulli famously said of him, "we recognize the lion by his claw." And that is how we know Satoshi.
@_date: 2017-09-06 02:58:11
"If I photocopy a 10 dollar bill, have I just made more dollars?"
It depends on whose photocopier you use. If you're the Fed, then yes. Or just add the bits into your system. Miners are the replacement for the central banks, for Bitcoin. If they put 15% of Bitcoin's real hash power into Bcash, then yeah they just made more coins. And violated monetary policy. In my opinion.
Not only that, but it's unstable, how much mining power is diverted to Bcash at any given time. This makes Bitcoin more unstable overall. 5k total price per coin is madness in this environment.
@_date: 2017-09-06 02:43:18
I lost my first coins on gox. I clearly missed key information. I don't care so much now, as I bought more at lower, later, and got that money back and then some.
Thanks for the thoughtful comments. Of course I may be quite wrong. I've made my choices and will stand or fall by them.
@_date: 2017-09-05 17:41:47
"...and it could be a number of people."
It is a number of people, including Nick and Hal. This is why each can claim he is not Satoshi. Satoshi is the cypherpunks and other pioneers including some main stream ones who brought cryptographic techniques to the public.
@_date: 2017-09-04 17:53:17
I think this fork is the worst thing that has ever happened to Bitcoin, period. Hard fork occurs, doubling the number of currency units, and price goes up? In spite of what some people claim, Bitcoin Cash is not "just another altcoin", but is a hard fork of the main currency that so far appears to be succeeding. It does indeed violate the main value proposition of Bitcoin, strict monetary policy. New buyers currently have to decide, WHICH Bitcoin currency units should I buy? I think Bitcoin has far to fall still until this question is resolved. The level of insanity here is not justified by Segwit or anything else.
@_date: 2017-09-04 19:49:56
This! Bitcoin currently has a knife in its chest and it's anyone's guess whether it really is dead this time. If it remains forked, it is just another hashcash and will never be a world reserve currency. Period. The only hope for it is one chain must be clearly and permanently defeated. If the core chain is defeated, cryptos are ash heap of history. If Bcash is defeated, Bitcoin Core maybe can recover. Maybe.
@_date: 2017-09-06 02:37:55
Thanks for the thoughtful comments. I guess we'll just see how all this shakes out.
@_date: 2017-09-06 18:56:02
I don't know who you're talking to. Hash rate has always mattered to me.
@_date: 2017-09-05 23:54:27
1) At least I did make money. Not so much to owe a lot in taxes, but I'll owe some and pay 'em. So there's that.
2) Sometimes the price is headed for a bear market. I know I can't predict it, but yeah sometimes it just is.
3) Yeah I made my choice for now. I do read and study a lot and I'll stand by my statement, Bitcoin's hash power is split and now chasing 42 million coins. That's a fail if they don't kill the rogue chain. ETH (which I don't have) can stand the fork, because its value proposition is smart contracts. Bitcoin cannot. Its value proposition is quite different. 
4) I know what I invested in. And I did make money. What I invested in is currently in violation of its core principle. Segwit is excellent. But BCH is without a doubt the worst and most successful (so far) attack on Bitcoin in its short history. I have not proclaimed the death of Bitcoin. Only that it is in deep trouble right now. 
I don't care if I'm right or wrong in the long run. I'll check back in later and choose my next crypto move, if any. Right now I'm a crypto bear.
@_date: 2017-09-06 19:12:53
"Your sell was probably a mistake"
Yes. Yes it was. When I made it I believed in it but I got burned and lost half my bitcoin value. I wouldn't have done that on purpose. I thought Bitcoin was really broken this time. Market is telling me it's not.
Now people are saying it's headed only up from here. Well, clearly being a bear since 2700 was a fail on my part.
But I'm damned if I'll buy back in right now. Every instinct I have (except my experience with cryptos!) tells me to stay away since I already triggered my tax event, until the market settles. Pay my taxes (I don't even know how bad that's gonna be) and take a look next year. 
Maybe I'll be looking at all the cryptos twice what they are today. And MtGox wondering what to do with 2 billion dollars in a half-billion dollar bankruptcy. 
I admit I'm not a bear anymore, just got burned by something bigger than I could understand.
Thanks for everyone's comments. I can't say I've found much validation anywhere. So it goes.
@_date: 2017-09-06 00:09:23
"I find out that most of the time something makes zero sense to me, it's because I'm missing key information or the perspective to understand what's happening."
I'm gonna give you this one. I was (and still am) missing key information on mtgox, for one thing. And I certainly am not privy to miner and dev planning. 
But just because I'm missing key information, doesn't mean what's happening is good. Maybe it is. But I remain a crypto bear until I can get my head around it. Bitcoin hard forking AND going up looks like insanity to me. So to me, the market is insane right now and due for a major correction still.
If I'm wrong I'll miss out on my piece of the 42 million bitcoin pie.
If I'm right I'll perhaps buy back in when there's only one chain on the hashpower Bitcoin has built up so far. That hashpower IS Bitcoin, and right now it's in violation of its core value proposition.
BCH core proposition is, "Fuck Segwit! And fuck your mother if you want to fuck!"
And I'm out until that bullshit is dead.
@_date: 2017-09-05 18:58:34
Bitcoin is already in more trouble than people for some reason are admitting. Bitcoin Cash is the most damaging attack on Bitcoin to date, and people simply are not acknowledging that fact (most Bitcoiners anyway).
Adam Back says on Twitter, Segwit2x would subject the 5k Bitcoin price to "cancellation" if enacted. What makes no sense to some of us is why BCH does not do this already. In fact I think it will unless it is completely and permanently defeated.
Right now Bitcoin's mining power is split and chasing 42 million bitcoins! This is a complete violation of Bitcoin's core value proposition, that the hash power will protect strict monetary policy. It has failed to do that.
I bough my first bitcoins coming into the MtGox bubble in November 2013, at bubble prices. I lost those in MtGox bankruptcy and bought more. I remained faithful to Bitcoin through all of 2014, 2015, 2016 and most of this year. But I finally gave in and sold at 2700 before the BCH fork.
I've missed out on BCH, and giant BTC price gains since I sold.
But damn. Strict monetary policy is just gone. I don't know if or when I will every buy what crypto again. I love what they can do. 
But Bitcoin... ye had one job. And you blew it!
I think there's a fair chance the total BTC/BCH price will fall back through my sell level again.
Not sure I will want it, though.
@_date: 2017-09-06 05:37:26
ICO's and altcoins don't normally divert significant Bitcoin hashrate. Bcash does. It makes all the difference.
@_date: 2017-09-06 00:40:22
Not an obituary, but I'll stand by my claim that Bitcoin is likely to fall below my sell point again. That this post hardfork price will be cancelled.
@_date: 2016-10-20 11:22:41
Litecoin has already a purpose. It is to continually inflate and deflate the proof of work money supply in order to mine "cheaper" than Bitcoin most of the time and trade for bitcoins at a bad loss for bitcoiners. Crash the price, collect back the litecoins, rinse off the stink and repeat. Been following that strategy since day one introduced at terrible inflated price of .01, a price it immediately crashed by 90 percent and is below again for the severalth time currently. Sooner or later guys like me will warn enough people off that Litecoin will have to die. Or not. But we will try. Stay away from Litecoin! If you are an insider, you can ignore, but if you're not, it's not yours and it's bad for you. Friendly advice.
@_date: 2016-10-20 11:01:38
Litecoin already used this fake ploy in the July 2015 pump-n-dump. Sure, use it again on the next batch of noobs but switch up the trading strategy. Tell ya what. Don't do a pump this time, just take all buyers bitcoins at .006 and then crash Litecoin forever. Would be kinder in the long run.