@_author: psgarcha92
@_date: 2019-04-11 20:12:10
Ok tell me this:
Some secrets revealed; conclusion: Government lied. (VIDEO EVIDENCE; Soldiers coming out too)
Some Secrets not revealed; Government told us; conclusion: Assange lied. (Who's telling us that?)
The government will do anything to make him a liar. Coz it is their skirt on fire.
Do you trust the government that deeply?  Who are you ready to believe right now? if the government then i dunno. If you are justifying Governments doing bad shit, and letting them go for war crimes, i guess its because the axe doesn't fall on you.
@_date: 2019-04-11 18:07:17
Exactly. All these "he is a russian spy" posts, not thinking straight. Fuck it, even if he were, what all do you know about shit you didnt know before that was possible only because of him? Dude these things we have seen on Wikileaks because of him, would be called conspiracy theories just a few years ago.
@_date: 2019-04-11 18:04:39
Typical; were you paying the billions out of your pocket: no? Then how the hell do you know where that money went and where it came from? Where is this list of billions of dollars spent? Where are the records. You can guess it, its with the damn government. 
Your money goes to feed things you couldnt imagine the totality of. So stop telling people how he has made a government burn millions. 
Dude we have wikileaks because of him. Whatever is leaked has a platform now. We know where it leaks, and where we can find shit. Microphones in TVs, malware in PCs and all sorts of shit is available because he created a platform for that shit to be published.
The first few videos released in 2010 by Chelsea Manning, that was what brought the truth to our eyes. Maybe you say Russian Spy because it was anti-american (because he leaked american shit secrets) but did you watch those videos? What is so american about killing the kids who who were in the black van there? We saw what the government could do because of his acts. Collateral murder is not even shown in movies properly, and then we could see straight up what was up.
Does revealing the truth about any government make you anti-nation? Maybe you say "oh yes its the truth of my country being shown to the other countries" or "oh yeah undermining my security" (this is the bullshit that feeds you from the news you watch and 0 brain power involved, dont just tell me what the news is saying tell me what you think) but thats because living in this american nation of yours you are safe. If that dad was you in that van, covering their kids from that apache fire, you would have thought differently. 
Uderstand this my friend, the people who perpetrated the war are the real enemies. This guy is just a proponent of truth like Chelsea Manning and Edward Snowden. One of the few people who wont have murder on their hands even when the time will kill them. 
Tldr; keeping war secrets doesnt make you american. Covering your ass from the judgement of the world doesnt make you american. Telling the truth and the objective truth might just make you american.
@_date: 2019-04-11 21:26:11
How do you actually know that certain info is being with held and other is released? Who do you trust this much?
There is agenda before everything but tell me this is he going to get a fair trial? A trial where the world knows what went down? Idiots supporting this tool feel that there is atleast some transparency. An organization working to release information in the age where who owns the information, owns the world. 
But again how do you prove that there are things he is hiding? All i can judge him for is what info he released. Because the person telling you about the info he hid, has an agenda too. 
How are you differentiating between his agenda and others?
This would have been much easier if he were to get a fair trial, a transparent trial. The tool is atleast something we have.
@_date: 2019-04-11 13:48:16
I agree. Maybe the force of truth should have the heads of Hydra. Chop one head off and two more will sprout.
But here is the thing. We are all bound to our families. The regular person doesnt rise up against the system because the system keeps you in check. One day of jail and missing work and you are in deep trouble. 
Only people who have lost everything because of the system tend to fight against it. Everybody else has too much to lose.
@_date: 2019-04-11 13:01:12
Everywhere i see on these posts there are stupid people talking stupid shit when everybody should be shitting balls because he went against the system to let us know of the shit that went down. Imagine his everyday is a consequence of his past and he is going through hell because of it. For doing the right thing.
I wish the judges who saw these cases were a little more humane than anything but the problem today is, if you are sitting high up there, you have strings attached to you. Even if what the judge finds the guy responsible for is a good thing over all, they cant let the person out because: sorry the bosses hold the strings.
What about the cops and the regular people though? Bros this guy let us know of so much shit that used to be called "conspiracy theories" just a while back. Just think of how many things people wouldnt believe, is proven right because of him. And all people have to talk about here is his appearance.
Dudes, if anything, its a time to be scared. Scared for him and scared for everybody else.
@_date: 2019-04-11 13:03:49
Thanks for posting this to reddit. So tell me, what piece of truth have you bestowed upon the world with your wonderful existence?
@_date: 2019-04-11 21:29:05
Will the government ever let this information release be "legal". Alternatively, can you please tell us how we can get this information "legally"?