@_author: psionin
@_date: 2018-01-01 13:17:23
People who take money from government and use the system thoroughly for their benefit, without paying their share of taxes, are generally scumbags, I would agree.
When it comes to individuals who want to be financially sovereign, and not participate in all the corruption, waste, and funding of wars with government extorted money, those people are generally the best people in the world (they produce things, solve problems, and make the world better for those around them, *without* being an accomplice to government crime). The law should protect those kinds of people, and let the parasites move to Venezuela if they like the idea of living off other people's labor under a strictly controlled regime that doesn't recognize human rights.
@_date: 2018-01-01 11:54:55


No, you are being quite dishonest here. It's not a crime to respond to a crime in a similar manner (i.e., with force and/or deception). Since the act of extorting an involuntary tax from an individual is the *initiation* of a crime, then what happens afterwards should not be blamed on that individual, but rather on the original perpetrator. Defense against extortion and theft cannot not be labeled as fraud.
@_date: 2018-01-01 12:13:08
Year of the Doge
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:18:20
People get hit by cars all the time, but you wouldn't advocate putting Elon Musk in jail because of it.
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:11:41
It doesn't look like agreement. What you are doing is you are introducing the idea of having the other person murdered, and in order to escape it you provide the solution of paying the taxes being demanded by force. This is similar to blackmail and extortion.
The alternative idea is to defend yourself or to engage in a business relationship with a security service that works on a basis of mutual free will, without threatening the client with murder if he does not hire them.
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:59:47
The real criminals are among those who want to control what individuals do with their own bodies and who use the cover of legality to extort involuntary taxes.
@_date: 2018-01-01 10:59:03


Or else the thugs will come and harm you?
Involuntary taxation = theft. We've already agreed as a species that stealing should not be allowed in society.
The author of this post sounds like a scumbag for encouraging this type of human rights violation.
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:34:43
Why don't you go rag on Elon Musk for people getting killed in car crashes. Even though he made them autonomous and less likely to crash.
@_date: 2018-01-01 13:42:34
Trump is already doing the best that can be done by a leader within an amoral, corrupt, bloated centralized system.
A more important approach is to start at the level of the individual, and secure those rights first (e.g. no stealing or extorting by anyone). You don't need to be a politician to fight for freedom and human rights.
I hope you see a better way than forced taxation and don't starve from a lack of government extorted funding.
@_date: 2017-01-22 18:03:26
Good thing there is [Dogerr](
@_date: 2016-07-14 09:52:51


I think this is quite far from an accurate depiction of the group(s) opposing Bitcoin. As a counter example, Andrey Lugovoy has led an initiative to establish a proper juridical status for Bitcoin - 
Do you think that maybe, perhaps, Bitcoin is opposed firstly by world central banks and their vast networks of various governmental machinery that benefits from being close to the currency emission trough, and having protected monoplies supported by cheap credit? There are large segments of populations, top and bottom, that derive benefit from government forced redistribution of resources, which depends on payment channels being restricted and siphoned through the use of centralized cabal controlled banking, where uninvited third parties can choose to allow or block any electronic payment. So the opposition to Bitcoin seems a bit more complex than just a specific vocational group like 'siloviki'.
As for Russia, I think a lot of the damage to Bitcoin in the scope of public sentiment has been done by small media organizations like  ForkLog, which repeatedly droned on and on and on about one-sided anti-Bitcoin rhetoric, its (overwhelmingly negatively biased) legal considerations, and the Soviet style repression that is about to take place, which had also ironically been supported by its own cryptocurrency enthusiast community (in regards to the only major Russian language forum where such issues had been discussed). Whether through fear or cowardice or whatever the reason may be, Russian based Bitcoin initiatives were generally met with bland disregard, while the topic of the horrible things awaiting honest Bitcoin users generated the discussion energy, in terms of posts, responses, and arguments, on a level comparable to some of the most hyped scam pumps on bitcointalk.
Enforcement by security services is an aspect of a divisive issue that is readily noticed, but it does not happen without sufficient consensus in the broader power base of a society. Rather than framing the potential divisiveness of Bitcoin in terms of such factions, it should be better for Bitcoin friendly media to encourage members of the 'siloviki' group to think rationally about the economic changes offered by Bitcoin and to realize the benefits that locally initiated monetary independence can bring. They can do a much better service to their families by siding with Bitcoin rather than  protecting the decrepit, unpayable debt based fiat currency systems and the life leeching tentacles of the central banks.
@_date: 2016-07-31 08:18:45
What people do voluntarily, behind closed doors, without infringing upon other people's natural rights, is NOBODY'S BUSINESS BUT THEIR OWN.