@_author: pstamatiou
@_date: 2014-10-31 17:24:21
Haha well in particular I was referring to shady exchanges locking you out of your account and such. 
@_date: 2014-10-31 18:09:04
I'm not an engineer (the position they're pitching) - this was no targeted email, a mass blast to some email database they have.
@_date: 2014-10-31 17:09:19
For those curious here was the first email that was collapsed:
BIGGER than Bitcoin  . . . but safer and legal!  Our client, an amazing serial entrepreneur, is creating the next generation payment system that will far exceed Bitcoin’s potential.  This time, however, his Bitcoin-like technology is being developed specifically for the existing banking system, not in exclusion of it! 
In his last 6 start-ups, our client has generated investor returns of over $2 billion dollars.  His new venture will trump all past successes and be the “coup de grace” on a stellar career.  Already, the former CEO and CTO of Citicorp and Visa have joined his board, while large banks/financial institutions have “green lighted” early beta commitments.  
His vision solves the problems Bitcoin users suffer today – lack of security, price volatility, and global illegality – while providing a lower cost, more flexibly, safe transaction system that actually has the support of local banks and governments.  No more fraud, no more stolen credit card and pin numbers, and no more identity theft.  With high anticipation and unbridled enthusiasm, the first institutional investor in is a globally recognized household name!  Even though the product has yet to be built, the company’s term sheets reflect an unusually high pre-product valuation; echoing the company’s enormous potential.  
With the stars now in perfect alignment, all that’s missing is a superstar Technical Leader to be the founder’s right hand man.  This dynamic, entrepreneurial driven individual will need to bring on a team, build out the platform, and launch the product in beta.  For a true “rock star” – someone who is recognized as “bankable” in the VC community, who can bring on an A++ development team, and show a history of building award winning products – the potential exists to come onboard as an actual co-founder.  And such status would include a large equity stake consistent with that of a bankable co-founder!
Have you been waiting for that BIG idea – you know, a chance to get in early on the next PayPal, Square, or Apple Pay?  Have you dreamed of building something that fundamentally changes the game?  Do you have the history, the followers, and hutzpah to bring other “dreamers” with you?  Can you handle working hand-in-hand with an entrepreneur that has SCORED . . . and scored into the billions?  Can you envision your picture on the cover or Wired or Fortune Mag like those others who pioneered the payment space before you?  As Peter Thiel, co-founder of PayPal, boldly stated:  “Bitcoin is the first [encrypted money system] that has the potential to do something like change the world."  Our client – quite simply – will be the second!   So now is the time; are you ready to step up, roll the dice, and be part of it?  
POSITION:  Vice President of Engineering
COMPANY:  Our client, an amazing serial entrepreneur, is creating the next generation payment system that will far exceed Bitcoin’s potential.  This time, however, his Bitcoin-like technology is being developed specifically for the existing banking system, not in exclusion of it! In his last 6 start-ups, our client has generated investor returns of over $2 billion dollars.  His new venture will trump all past successes and be the “coup de grace” on a stellar career.  Already, the former CEO and CTO of Citicorp and Visa have joined his board, while large banks/financial institutions have “green lighted” early beta commitments.  
LOCATION:  Position is located in the San Francisco Bay area, in Silicon Valley near Stanford University.    Candidates must already live within commuting distance or be flexible to relocate.  
 
COMPENSATION:  Funded by well-known Silicon Valley investors.  Company already has a $15M valuation which is fantastic for a new startup.  Board is willing and able to put together the right package for the right candidate.  The focus is on hiring the best candidate.  This is a key position.  Compensation includes base, bonus, stock options, and full benefits package.  For the right candidate, there may be Founder’s stock available.  This could be an incredible financial opportunity.   
MANAGEMENT STYLE:   Position reports to the CEO/Founder.  He is a serial entrepreneur with 6 startups that have made over $2B for his investors.  He believes in hiring the best people, giving them a lot of freedom, and treating them well.  He prefers a culture that is fun, creative, and entrepreneurial.  Philosophy is to work hard and play hard.  He will help set the bigger picture vision, and let people figure it out and do it the way they think is best.   He expects his direct reports to keep him informed as necessary.  He is available for problem solving, but he prefers to be hands-off.   
POSITION REQUIREMENTS: 
Must have built and managed a development team that produced at least one award-winning or top-rated mobile and/or web consumer-facing product (e.g. 5 stars in the app store.)
Must have recent and significant experience in an engineering leadership position where you were responsible for delivering a 7/24/365 product with 99.99% reliability with integrated disaster recovery and frequent, regular on-time releases?     
Strongly prefer someone with recent and significant experience developing software products for the payment and/or banking industry.  
Must be able to create a product that is a great user experience.  Must know how to work well with designers and creative types.  Must have demonstrated strong UX design aesthetic taste.   
Must be someone focused on figuring out all the newest and best technologies, innovating and guiding the company’s future.  The Founder/CEO is particularly fond of GO, but the new VP will be responsible for choosing the right technology.  
Prefer someone with experience building internationalized products available in Asian and European languages.  
Prefer candidates with small and large company experience.  Ideal candidates will have gone through the high growth and scalability issues of a startup or high growth stage company.  Need someone who enjoys the entrepreneurial atmosphere of a small company, but has been through the experience of scaling up an enterprise to significant organization size and revenues. Experience working in a dynamic (i.e. “startup”) environment is preferred as well as a successful track record building a product from early adoption through market share leadership.   
Must be an awesome leader and manager, able to recruit first-rate talent and tightly coordinate their efforts. Need someone who can build and lead a small internal world class engineering team (backend, front end, mobile, UX design.)  Need to hire 3-4 people right away, then 4-7 additional people within first year.  The new VP needs to make sure that the user design, interface, scalability, etc is best.  Need someone who will be hands-on and can just roll up their sleeves to get the job done. 
Prefer a candidate that can bring developers on board with whom they have worked with previously.  Need someone that knows how to write and review code while leading the team. Need someone that developers respect and say “This is the best manager I’ve ever worked for”.  
