@_author: psuedopegasus
@_date: 2016-08-26 06:25:20
This. Much better to adopt technology and processes that will ease future use of new potential payment systems - including Bitcoin. This way the payment technologies can compete in an even playing field. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 14:18:40
Bitcoin is now around 60% of your net worth... (albeit maybe a little less depending on your basis and taxes). At what point do you need to rebalance? I see a lot of people in this almost exact situation (probably most who joined crypto between 2013 and 2016) and wonder if they are considering risk/reward (keyword risk) of rebalancing profit taking. I’m a hodler with the rest but if you’re doing nw calcs you should also consider risk and diversification. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:04:56
While I don’t disagree with your sentiment, you’re making a logical error based on survivorship bias. Anyone who has made outsized returns has taken extraordinary risk. But using that as an example ignores the thousands/millions who lost to every one who “made” it. My point in the first comment is not to take risk - risk is important to creating wealth - but when you measure your net worth you should also consider the risk index associated with your current portfolio. To use an extreme example, a net worth of 1M dollars in lottery tickets or leveraged options is very different than 1M in treasuries. The expected value may even be the same but the volatility is very different - and it is specifically correlated with time. So my point is simply that to the many people that have now found themselves in a similar situation should consider how much volatility they want in their current “net worth.” Especially those who’s portfolios I’ve seen recently that may even be more out-weighted by crypto than yours and who’s present value of future salaries may also skew this weighting even more.
@_date: 2017-02-04 08:37:09
Consider relying on more valuable/reliable sources than a extremely shallow, almost laughable, prediction market of 1 BTC. That source will only falsely exaggerate your fears. There are a lot of poorly-sourced claims in this whole debate - either intentional or not - and we should try to be more diligent in separating logic and reason based on evidence and science from relaying narrow claims in an extremely nuanced debate. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 04:24:02
Not technically correct. Unspent addresses are known (the hash of pub key) not the full pub key. Not until you spend the coins for the first time does it reveal he pub key.
@_date: 2017-01-15 08:30:30
You obviously have never used it for real world purchases... most merchants who currently accept Bitcoin will accept the transaction at the time of broadcast and not wait for confirmation - either that or bitpay or other payment processor will help mitigate any risk of instantaneous payment. Moreover, settlement in these cases is still eons ahead of traditional banking - where settlement can take weeks. You should do a little research before answering someone with zero experience or knowledge on a matter. 
@_date: 2016-09-03 23:31:50
Right. Sounds like you guys are taking a very practical/economical approach to decentralizing what is really important. Not necessarily decentralizing everything for the sake of it. I appreciate this sensible approach and wish you guys luck!
@_date: 2016-10-15 04:59:10
The internet only really became massively successful after usability increased. e.g google made an easily searchable web with good ux. While I agree the internet started with a tech mindset, most success on the internet happened when usability and a customer focus was brought to the forefront. Facebook vs MySpace, google vs altavista, even AOLs success was in creating simplicity for users. 