@_author: psychotheraplst
@_date: 2014-03-18 02:56:08
I am actually a power-lifter myself. I am actually going to the doctor tomorrow for a lower back injury that was probably the result of stupidity and overarching my back on the bench press :/. 
The urge to resist training is hard. I have currently resigned myself to bro-curls and crying from withdrawal.
@_date: 2014-03-18 01:52:26
If you are looking for an office job it can be a problem. For example my office definitely looks at employees social media presence. There was recently a memo about people misrepresenting their job titles on facebook, twitter, and linkedin and how they need to correct that.
It's fairly standard now for most 9 to 5's to at least do a cursory look at an employees public profile.
@_date: 2014-03-18 03:16:16
Best I can do is that you are a 16 year old male that lives in or near Maimi Florida who has raging hormones and aspires to be like the Bill Gates or maybe more accurately the Gabe Newell of video gaming. You are pretty smart from what I can tell and have developed quite few tools of your own. You have a very can do attitude and like to figure our and do things yourself, but you are very open to advice, tips, and collaboration. To be honest I am not trying to stroke the likely already inflated ego of basically every 16 year old male, but you will definitely be going places someday. If there was stock I could buy in you, I would probably go for it. Your entire internet history that I could find was pretty impressive. Since you were 12-13 years old you were very inquisitive and actually went about trying to teach yourself programming, game development and other things.
You have trouble interacting with women like most introverted boys your age, but you like to give advice to other people about how to handle themselves. I am reaching here but you likely tell people the advice that you wish you actually did yourself.
You multiple times wrote "just go for it, ask her out" to other teen males, but don't seem to do the same when you are in that same boat.
Obviously I am just giving a short bio that anyone else could find out, but you really don't have much to work with, haha. You don't link any pictures or provide any details other than your use handle for the most part and your interests. 
I would bet that wcb are your initials though since 1998 was the year you were born.
@_date: 2014-03-18 02:12:58
Meeting people on the internet can both be weird, scary and fun! Horray 
@_date: 2014-03-18 04:00:15
The posts on the minecraftforums your frequent log the location of your ISP address. If I wanted to look further into it from the ISP you can actually pinpoint someone's location very accurately.
You posted your birth date on one of the gaming forums you frequented in 2010. You said you were 15 years old in a comment on here I think 6 months ago? So you are 16 now. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 01:57:06
There are actually 2 to 3 people then that use the handle caseycour for various online profiles. Most of the people on facebook with that partial name though are women.
@_date: 2014-03-18 01:47:53
Ah gotcha, seriously no ill will. I just wanted to let you know that it's often easier than you may think.
I actually tracked down a 18 maybe 17 year old girl that was posting nudes of herself to gonewild to tell her that what she was posting was both maybe illegal and not exactly the best idea for someone her age. I got all of that from her user name (unfortunately a very common one) and the information stored in the iphone picture that she took.
Obviously though in her case it's a little more worrisome than for a guy like you. On a side note sick progress pic ;) you got a nice package!
It's just much easier than most people think.
I only spent about 15 minutes doing it for you. But, in digging a little further it appears that you posted on a homework help board to cheat for a geography take home test? Or was that not you?
@_date: 2014-03-18 01:31:53
Hey dude, just posting the following because I wanted you to know exactly what someone can find out about you specifically. You seem like a cool guy, so I don't mean any offense by this:
Personally from your history I have very similar taste in porn as you so we could always fap together.
You might not ever be looking to hold an office job so maybe nothing I say applies to you. However, if you ever plan on it I would recommend increasing the security settings on your social media accounts. You post a lot of very immature and offensive things on your Facebook.
I am not sure employers would like to hire someone who seems to have a drinking problem, doesn't know when to back off their exercising so they exacerbate their injuries and insults all religious people as if they all fell under one blanket as bible fucking ignant gay haters and bigots. Especially since you made the majority of these posts during work hours that really doesn't look good... Seriously pictures of girls asses are work safe for you??? I don't even understand.
I guess it's okay that you are cool with gay people and all, but you should really look into whether or not you really wanna keep using the word "fag" as frequently as you do.
I mean I could even give a phone call to your mother right now and tell her that you should take it light on the drinking. She's probably pretty lonely now that she is by herself. You should probably call her more often.
Also, before you start handling guns you might want to take a gun safety course. I am pretty sure that holding a shot gun like a pistol might make for a bad ass picture, but it's not the best way if you wanna not blow your hand off.
I totally agree with you and your wife by the way ;) Swinging is probably the better lifestyle!
@_date: 2014-03-18 02:39:44
You pulled your lower back muscle and then kept training intensively. This is likely what caused you to get a hernia because your body was over compensating and bearing the load down harder on your abdominal section. You then continued training heavy prior to your hernia surgery and potentially caused further damage to your abdominal wall. Then you resumed lifting heavy quite soon after surgery and posted this picture to display how you felt in metaphor.
Nothing big, but for me personally that would make me question your critical thinking ability. (seriously I am not passing any judgement just saying what a potential employer might think)
"... and the hate on the religious.... well that was years ago as well.. when I was first coming to terms with my own atheism... I'm not proud of it. but I'm not ashamed of it.. and I won't hide it. I've grown since then, and I am proud of the atheist I've become."
Seriously not passing judgement. Most atheists go through the douche bag phase. I definitely did. 
Trust me I was one of the founding members of my Universities atheist club and it was pretty insufferable how unaccepting, bigoted, and frankly mean the members were. Some of them have grown out of the (LAWL) holier than though I know better than these ignorant religious heathens into really nice people. Some haven't... you obviously have from your more recent posts on reddit and facebook.
@_date: 2013-11-22 20:45:40
Gold has a variety of other uses besides jewelry as well. Computers, dentistry, and much much more.
@_date: 2013-12-30 15:42:24
This is an interesting concept that some people have already put into practice. There is a football player that has done this. Additionally, there is a guy who has sold shares of himself and allows his investors to help dictate this life decisions. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 21:00:26
I day trade on cryptsy and BTC-e frequently with about 10% of what I invested. I have yet to get burnt because the price fluctuates so much that in any given 24 hour span you can pretty much sell at the 24 hour average or higher and then buy back in below the 24 hour average or lower.
It's worked for me every time so far and I have increased my peercoin count over the last 3 weeks by double. My litecoin by only 25%.
I find trading in litecoin like this to be more risky now when trying to make daily gains than before due to it's much higher volume now.
I would highly recommend not daytrading bitcoin though..... Far less volatile than the alt coin market.