@_author: psychotherapeuticlie
@_date: 2019-02-07 22:41:59
It took my about 5 minutes to make an account with ING in Australia, on my phone, in Safari, very drunk and very high. (I accidentally made two accounts and had to close one the next day) and had my money in the account in about another two minutes. Two days later I got my debit card, accepted everywhere with no fees at all (international or domestic, transfers to anyone with a phone or between any one of my other bank accounts) with just a phone number or email address. 
It took me about an hour to read about bitcoin, figure out where to buy bitcoin, navigate the dodgey info and sift through to actually buy the coin. Enter all of my ID and set up payment info through a third party payment service is never even heard of before, who wanted all of my ID again. Another ten minutes or so I had my wallet set up. Then, mining fees (small but still there) made sure I didn't receive ALL of the money I bought. Transfer fees even between my own wallets or to anyone else plus a long and complicated address (which needs to be double and triple checked before hitting send), then, depending on the fee you chose to pay, can take hours or days to confirm and settle. 
Bitcoin is great, I wouldn't be on this sub if I didn't think so. But it's not easier than a bank, not by a long shot. 
@_date: 2019-02-28 10:36:59
Okay but how is the value Bitcoin going that high a good thing? 
All that means is you've created a new wealth generation when the HODLers have shitloads, meanwhile, the price is so high that it becomes inaccessible to the regular person. 
The value of Bitcoin going up is not a good thing for Bitcoin. The value of Bitcoin stabilising is a good thing for Bitcoin. 
What the people on here don't seem to realise is the goal of Bitcoin isn't to get rich, it's to change what we use as a fundamental unit of currency and honestly the best place for it is right around that 5k mark. 
@_date: 2019-04-20 10:18:31
Step 1: Buy Bitcoin 
Step 2: Do fuck all with said Bitcoin and HODL for your life
Step 3: ???????????????
Step 4: Profit.