@_author: psychobitchmk1
@_date: 2019-11-26 07:14:17
Just approach a different bank, it is not the only bank and please provide the name of the bank so others can avoid it all together.
There is no point purchasing from a bitcoin atm if they are charging anything higher then exchanges. Their rates and fees should be no different then any reputable exchanges or rather standard market rates. It not that hard to purchase Bitcoin and clearly not worth losing 10%.
When people complain about network fees and yet we hear of Bitcoin ATM that charges a 10% levy on conversion. That just a rip off if you ask me again please do provide which Bitcoin ATM and location so again others can avoid it totally.
Decentralisation is suppose to make it cheaper to transact but yet at every corner we see the people profiteering through Bitcoin probably the same ones that go around chanting decentralisation and changing the world and complaint about Bitcoin network fees. Even the bank ATM doesn’t charge any fees
By charging 10% its only discouraging new people who wants to adopt the Bitcoin concept or and hindering fresh funds from entering the market and that would increase the market capitalisation and price in the long run. 
In a way they who operate the machine just made a loss of more then 10% on paper. The more bitcoin they owns the more they lose. But they are not seeing the bigger picture they are just interested in getting back their ROI when they purchase the Bitcoin ATM. So don’t fall for their tricks.
Thats the problem with crypto and its community most of them their level hypocrisy is more then the amount of ice located in the north and south pole combined. The idea of changing the financial world and the way we transact is just a slogan to market Bitcoin. That is why we have 1000+ types of coins versus real world 1 currency for each country.
These are the drawbacks of decentralisation, everything goes uncheck without regulations. Don’t get me wrong I am a bitcoin user but would rather consider it a payment alternative and a store of value through time rather then the vision they are trying to sell. And also we can’t just let the banks monopolise the financial industry, which they have been doing for decades.
@_date: 2019-10-03 20:17:07
It is at this point where they people who didn’t initially believe in bitcoin or against bitcoin try to catch up with those who started early. 
It could he warren, jamie or anyone for that matter. It doesn’t matter cause no one gets that rich without needing to lie or get their hands dirty.
As bitcoin get saturated and introduced to more new comers eventually everybody will have bits
and pieces of it just like gold, the price will then stabilize or become less erratic.
As you can see it was 9.5 to 10.5 prior to this and 
now the gap seems to have shrink to 8-8.5. This isn’t a normal behavior this is the rich cleaning out the poor or wannabe traders who think they can out trade someone richer then them.
Whoever it is they already wiped out the 9.5-10.5 range of traders. Those who traded in that range have suffered major losses when the btc dropped from 10.5 to the current, In short they have been wiped  out.
Thats just my thoughts for the day. Thx n bye
@_date: 2019-12-04 18:04:29
maybe shorter. Once the rich has accumulated enough then if will definitely go up.
Currently it is being saturated while the rich try to push the price to its bare minimum to accumulate.
There is already a certain amount of liquidity i. the Bitcoin network. Which means chances of it to drop below certain level is highly unlikely. 
I believe the price will be around 6-7k and until they  have accumulated enough and prep themselves for the halving next year. 
By then those who did not prep themselves will have to buy at the higher price if they want to continue being in the game.
Bitcoin is no longer a secret and like gold, digital gold is also just as attractive to the rich because who doesn’t want to be richer.