@_author: psychophilosopher
@_date: 2014-04-24 23:58:02
Well... Money is perhaps a better measure of market supply/demand than actual 'value'.
Value is a very strong word, and money is actually really terrible at measuring certain types and kinds of value, and also frequently screws up and over values useless crap or undervalues important products and services.  
It does a good job of measuring supply and demand, which is in and of itself a mediocre measure of value. Usually because people demand dumb things.
 
Is probably my favorite example of how market systems can screw up when it comes to measuring value. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 00:03:38
Thankyou autowikibot.  
@_date: 2014-04-25 21:52:51
I would tend to disagree. Values are relatively stable, demand is related to desire and therefore more emotional.
I would define 'Value' as being more heavily democratic, something is valuable if it is useful to the society in which it exists.  
Tulip mania is a useful example. While tulips were highly desirable in that place and time, their actual value was relatively low.  The reason for this statement is simply that while demand was high, the actual effect on productivity/poverty/happiness was significantly smaller.
While 'value' is not entirely free from subjective components, it is vastly more objective than 'demand'.
@_date: 2014-04-24 23:54:36
I'd add another factor. Responsibility.  A significant proportion of any given population who are not motivated by power are instead motivated to take the path of least resistance. Being offered a leader, who will make decisions on their behalf and remove their responsibilities is a positive.
As a result there are always plenty of people who are willing to act as followers and will not only support but *encourage* leadership.
And so power can be seized purely through altruistic motives.  Which of course brings back the same exact set of problems.  Eventually a leadership structure will occur, peacefully or aggressively. 
I disagree with OP slightly in that I believe it is entirely possible for a voluntary system to spread further and faster, gaining broader acceptance and then using that to crush violent aggressors but it still results in an end to anarchy.
I agree with both of you almost entirely. But I think perhaps you both still see the rise to leadership as something engaged in by leaders (as it is in our modern context where the power structures already exist and must be competed for) rather than something which communities eventually insist on.
@_date: 2015-04-03 12:08:43
Isn't the point that some douchey white collar criminal might have his buttered up cronies donate while he ditches the country?  
It seems like a law that would be a good thing 99.99% of the time. 
It's just in this one case where there is someone being actively persecuted by a corrupt government agency... for blowing the whistle on said corrupt agency...
I would think it was a good law, but that the law is being applied innappropriately. 