@_author: psylando
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:37:02
the absolute fastest way to get *settled* bitcoin is to buy on coinbase with a credit card.  it settles instantly, so you can transfer/sell your bitcoin immediately.  4% fee, plus coinbase inflated prices.
next best option is to buy bitcoin is to buy on coinbase or gemini with a bank account.  you will lock in your bitcoin purchase at the current market price at the time of purchase, but the bitcoin will not *settle* (be available to transfer/sell) until your bank payment clears (3-5 business days).  gemini is cheaper, both in terms of fees as well as less inflated bitcoin price.
last option, in my opinion, is to transfer cash to coinbase and then wait 3-5 business days until it is available in your account *and then* buy bitcoin at whatever price it is when your cash becomes available.  this takes just as long as the previous option, but you can't lock in today's bitcoin price
my advice:
if you are planning to buy bitcoin and hold it, I would go with option 2.  buy the bitcoin directly from coinbase using your bank account (go to Buy &gt; Bitcoin, then enter the amount you want to buy, and select your bank account as the payment source.  You won't get your bitcoin until 3-5 business days, but you were going to buy and hold anyway, so that should be fine.  if you can use gemini you might want to consider doing that, for less fees and cheaper prices, but it will take a week or two to set up an account if you don't have one already
worst option by far is sending your cash to coinbase then waiting 3-5 days until it arrives to buy into bitcoin. just a waste of time
if you are planning to buy bitcoin and immediately transfer it for the purposes of buying into other coins on an exchange, go with the credit card option.  it will cost an extra 3% in fees, but you can buy what you want now, when the market is down -20%, so not bad  
edit: if you are planning to buy and transfer for the purposes of buying into other coins, don't start with BTC, start with ETH or LTC.  since you are going to trade it for something else anyway, ETH and LTC will transfer to the exchange in 20 minutes or so and cost about $.65, whereas BTC may take several hours (particularly when network traffic is as high as it is today) and cost about $22.00