@_author: psyopavenger
@_date: 2012-09-19 18:29:58
Too bad people here are so closed minded. It's like a metaphorical circle jerk ... everybody gratifying themselves pointlessly. Try reading the article. I did. Generally a great anarcho site - counterintuitive. Say, maybe you can improve Bitcoin instead of just defending it!
 
From article feedback ...
Um, the term "fiat" has evolved in literature well beyond the definition you cite. "Fiat" in fact can generically refer to unbacked currencies - not just currencies inflicted at the barrel of a gun. (It is true in the modern era government has mostly issued "fiat" - but that may change in the 21st century.)
[Fiat: Medieval Latin, from Latin, "let it be done."] 
We would refer you among many examples to an article promoted at "IDEAS" (at the Research Division of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis) and published by Elsevier in its journal Journal of Monetary Economics entitled ...
"Private fiat money with many suppliers"
In the abstract: "each supplying its own brand-name currency." A form of "private" fiat.
Now you may recommence reading ... even if the content upsets your preconceived notions. Pay special attention to the idea that Bitcoin is neither untraceable nor unhackable.
And here is a question for YOU now:
Who is Satoshi Nakamoto? Intrepid entrepreneur? Mysterious genius? Or, hhhm ... something else?
@_date: 2012-09-15 14:50:26
Get over your knee jerks. You should read the article. The Daily Bell has done an incredible job of exposing what may be the real agenda behind these systems - LETS, social credit, mutual credit, bitcoin, etc.
There is quite a bit of evidence (certainly circumstantial) that this whole pure fiat movement is being sponsored by the top "banksters" that want to discredit Austrian economics and private ownership of gold and silver.
Read history ... The FABIANS sponsored pure paper advocates Gesell and Douglass. Why ...
And who is Satoshi Nakaoto anyway!
Some stories ...
Why Is the UN Installing Mutual Credit/Pure Fiat Systems Around the World?
New Book Further Confirms Eco-Affinity of Alternative Currency Proponents
Paper Money and the UN Perfect Together? More Currency and Credit Exchanges Supported by the UN
Currency and Credit Schemes Blow Up ... and Go Green
Are 'Green' Reciprocal Exchange and Credit Systems Part of a Larger Elite Promotion?
@_date: 2012-09-20 00:37:43
Incredible. People have been using gold and silver for their decorative qualities for thousands of years. Bitcoin is obviously money, at least for now, but to claim gold has no other value but "looking good" may pose as an opinion but sounds a good deal more like ignorance.
@_date: 2012-09-20 00:40:32
Good for you. As far as I know, DB seeks intelligent readers, so you did them a favor by weeding yourself out ...
@_date: 2012-09-20 00:42:15
First sensible comment on this thread!
@_date: 2012-09-20 00:33:42
Take it up with economist George Selgin who (according to DB feedback) "used the same term - fiat - in the same way, while also speculating Bitcoin has some commodity like qualities." (Additional comment ... "But people CAN do THINGS with commodities. We're not sure what else you can do with a Bitcoin than use it for its perceived purpose.")
@_date: 2012-09-20 10:27:41
Ah, here it is. Another anti-gold bug. No doubt you believe free-market economics is a Rothschild plot, that modern governments are "good" and that money is defined by the taxing authorities. 
More insight about 10,000 years of gold and silver history from someone who's never bothered to study the literature. So when society is breaking down, you'll run around with your iPad trying to spend Bitcoins. Good luck. Physical gold and silver along with barter constitute a sufficency when faced with social chaos. 
Here is a video on panning gold - from Zimbabwe.
"Zimbabwe - gold for bread .... MDC activist Sam Chakaipa returns to his village in rural Zimbabwe to find his friends and neighbours starving to death, reduced to panning gold powder from the rivers to exchange for food ..."
Just Google it with keywords. Presumably your aptitude with a computer is more advanced than your "insights" into money. Gold and silver won the money competition long ago. It remains to be seen if Bitcoin will replace thousands of years of monetary history. You're sure You know. The financial illiteracy exhibited on parts of this board is stunning.
 
