@_author: psyvedelic
@_date: 2014-03-28 09:09:04
You write: &lt;i&gt; "We believe that bitcoins are converted in currencies and creditors receive payments with currencies not bitcoins." &lt;/i&gt;
I have a better solution then... Wouldn't it be more logical to look into every account, who was holding BTC at the time of crash and how much? Then contact these 'verified' (remember?) people and ask them personally if they prefer BTC sent back to them or fiat (no response would reserve the (or at least an) amount of BTC)? Only then, start talking about the fiat people! If not, imagine everyone getting fiat (at the rate of closing time, that kept dropping even after shutdown!?)... What would happen to the BTC 202,000 at present time in Gox BTC-wallet? --&gt; sold at marketprice? What a fraud scheme would that be? I say: "No way, Jose!".
Best thing to happen: transaction rollback of Gox-related BTC-traffic until may/june 2013. Most people would have their inlay back, without losses! Debtors : MK &amp; BTC FND.
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:36:29
Now, about 'transaction malleability': this bug was discovered in 2011 by Mt.Gox. If they knew this since 2011, than they should never have accepted me putting my 150,00 BTC there past June, in order to protect my personal interests as a new customer! In fact, the same reason as Mt.Gox was (ab)using to freeze our assets/wallet, should be used to accuse them of fraud by accepting BTC-funding after 2011.
Most important thought anyway is this: **why don’t we demand a rollback (until 2011 or at least April, May or June of 2013 or so - before the rise in value) of the transaction blocks this time?**  But only for transactions particularly (read: exclusively) of BTC traffic between external wallets and Gox?  This would deprive the thiefs of their funds and restore the stolen BTC to Gox AND... even going further: restore the initial BTC back to our personal wallets on our own computers/other online wallets outside Gox. That would help a lot of people, no? Get the BTC back you funded into Gox is better than not getting back anything!!!
The total Gox-loss would then be many many times smaller!!
And of course that remaining financial gap should be allocated to Karpeles as his personal debt to the remaining creditors. If he would not own enough BTC (but he does, I think!), then he and his debts should be backed up by the BTC Foundation. THAT WOULD BE A WONDERFULLY DESIGNED JUSTICE, WORTHY FOR BTC-IDEALISTS LIKE YOU AND ME!
This idea may than be named the 'Psyvedelic solution'. 
I’m anxious to know about the opinions of my fellow victims (for now we still are) on this possible solution.
Best regards,
