@_author: ptbtc
@_date: 2019-06-11 01:27:08
That's what I ended up doing. My question is, what is the purpose of being able to add a credit card on cash app if it can't be used to buy BTC and it also cant be used to add cash to your account?
@_date: 2019-01-21 10:40:52
You’re making no sense. So it’s a scammer tactic for me to want my bitcoin? A seller who says they will release within 1/2 hours but constantly has money wired to places where the money gram or western union is supposedly closed? So it’s my fault that a seller is open for immediate business, without actually checking that they will be able to pick up or have someone pick up the money? That makes no sense. Maybe the seller should look at the business hours and close that listing during the time that their locations are closed. I could have easily went with another seller. But the seller makes no mention of this anywhere. Until... you guessed it, you’ve already wired the money. But I’m the one using scammer tactics? 
I see you’re a seller. I see why the bias response. Do you to leave listings up for money gram and western union knowing that you will not have access to pick up that money for the next 10/12 hours without mentioning this somewhere in your ad? I’ve seen people who say “payment must be made between 8am-5pm xxx time mom-Friday” or something of that sort. Now, if I made a payment at 6pm, I could understand. But this is not the case here. 
@_date: 2019-01-21 11:39:28
This is foolish. Why would “instant payment” be me choosing the delay? The funds are there! He chose to accept and continue accepting transactions while HE couldn’t access the money. If I pay you for something and wire you the money, must I wait to get my purchase because you lost your bank card? Or better yet, have me send money to your home, but you can’t go home and check that it’s there. It’s not my fault his local location was closed. He makes absolutely no mention of this in the ad. Most places I’ve gone has had 24 hour western union and money gram locations. So I’m not understanding how this is my fault or me acting like a scammer. 
Open transaction 
Send cash money in minutes or whatever
Ad says BTC released within 1-2 hours
Get message saying he went to the store and it was closed. 
This has NOTHING to do with my payment not being there. You are clearly biased on the issue and are making absolutely no sense. 
“To want my bitcoin before I have paid for it”
You completely made that up!
I paid for it already. Which is the reason i am complaining. 
@_date: 2019-01-21 12:11:03
I’ve never had anyone have to wait for neither form of payment longer than the time it took them to arrive and pick it up. Then again, I’ve never chose the 2 day option, or whatever the cheap option is that isn’t within minutes. So this is the only thing you’ve been somewhat correct on. It isn’t written as instant, but yes, within minutes. 
@_date: 2019-01-21 12:02:15
Yes because if your location is not open you should state this. If they have hours that they close. This is the purpose that people use the instant payment methods. So we don’t have to wait. That’s why most people include a CUTOFF time
Having no proof of me not paying and me not paying are two entirely different things that you should learn to differentiate as well. 
It’s also NOT my fault that he chooses not to divulge the information to allow buyers to make an educated decision about WHEN HE can verify the payment. It’s HIS fault for not disclosing this. 
I’m done responding to you, because you clearly don’t know how to conduct business. There’s a reason why pretty much every business including BTC sellers list their hours. 
“I will not send until your money arrives”
You mean, you will not send until you’re comfortable doing so. The deal is send the money, post receipt, funds will be released within 1-2 hours. Not send money and I may get it to you today, or I may get it to you tomorrow. That’s not how this works. 