@_author: ptpatil
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:22:28
Money is only worth as much value *people* put into it.
I advise you reconsider your financial allocations, but if you don't I and any other person will not feel guilty using you as a stepping stone to profit.
Fiat does not inherently mean worthless, so do not use it like a detracting term. In fact, BTC is entirely built around the fact that fiat money works.
@_date: 2014-12-20 18:27:29
I know you are saying what you posted in some indignant sarcastic tone, but you are right on the money. You can model the government INSIDE a market, one of your favorite things!
See when you say Buying and Selling is fabric of "the market", or the most fundamental source of truth as to what the collective interests is of the set of individuals that make a "country" or a "State", I see someone who has missed the forest for the trees. 
The true "voice" of the market is the individual decision to either undertake violence or not undertake violence, not the trade of currency, commodities and services. The people of "The United States of America" are a bunch of localized humans, some majority of which has bought into a market monopoly on violence. 
If you study economics like you and that other idiot in this thread claim to, you would realize that monopolies in a section of the market will tend to reduce the consumption of products/services in that section. *This is why monopolies of violence over a certain geographical area are useful*. The market incentive to commit violence is usually only feasible in terms of a risk-benefit analysis when there are no mediating bodies to settle a conflict at that level of organization (level meaning the scale of the disagreement, think neighborly disagreement vs disagreement between two tribes).
What this means is that the highest level of organization for mediating and monopolizing the use of violence that exists in a geo-local set of humans/market participants is the level that most violence will need to be mediated or used, not counting for bad actors that place no value on the threat of the monopolized violence when making their own decisions. 
There is a very good reason for natural monopolies in the market for violence (governments), and the reason is that the external cost of the use of violence is so high that it destroys too much wealth if it is used. And the more that it is used at a granular level (disagreement with a neighbor), the more unnecessary costs are incurred that the wider market has to pay for. Thus, people form governments to monopolize the local use of violence so that a fair mediating party can be created at the most efficient level of organization (large). 
Can this mediating party be co-opted? Yes, but in the market of violence, the "market correction" is revolution. 
Defining property as you enjoy it today (i.e. this is MY laptop) is based on a localized guarantee of violence, if it wasn't you would have to shop for it (hire some guy to beat people that try to take my laptop), and it might be something that you have to worry about everyday as a consumer. The larger the space you can enforce a localized monopoly, the larger your capacity to do LIMITED trade at a LOW transaction cost in that space. Limited because of the localized monopoly, but low in transaction cost because everything is guaranteed in that space by the monopoly. 
Do you not agree with that monopoly? Well, then be a market pioneer and start your guerilla unit to take on monopoly where you live, or find space where the monopoly doesn't operate (an island). 
I am willing to bet though, that even on your ancap island, you'll find it helpful to create a localized violence monopoly and you won't be able to resist the temptation because of their immense usefulness. 
@_date: 2014-07-23 00:01:38
oh my god the ownage is so delicious here I love it
@_date: 2014-12-26 02:15:03
Which makes it all the more volatile, the will of people is fickle, do not pick one cryptocurrency or even all cryptocurrency. And ALL currency can be manipulated if enough concentration of purchasing power exists.
@_date: 2014-12-20 20:29:37
Honestly thats a very facetious attempt to understand it, it was coherent and clear in my opinion.
@_date: 2014-12-13 03:40:56
Yea, its just not *your* private property 
@_date: 2014-12-10 04:32:09
Yea I'm sure that's the reason, the actual financial advisor was just so *stumped* on questions your extensive internet-libertarian "knowledge" stash about our monetary system could have answered.
@_date: 2014-12-20 06:44:57
What is this smug horseshit? He's right, property is defined as something you can defend to be yours, the state does it for you. The localized monopoly of violence allows smaller transaction costs in trading and 'announcing' property and your rights to it. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 16:31:22
shhh, don't scare off my short liquidity
@_date: 2014-12-20 20:11:38
It's interesting though, how so many complex real world problems become clearer with object orientation haha. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 19:53:09
I assume that you are a software developer?
You sound like you abstract things the way I do.