@_author: ptr555
@_date: 2018-07-28 12:54:21
The truth is he sees you guys as a villains just like I used to.  Think about how limiting the block size slowed down merchant adoption momentum.  When that threshold was hit, fees went up drastically and it simply was no longer possible to use bitcoin reliably to make payments--which truly was the point from guys like Gregory Maxwell, etc.  They see bitcoin as a settlement layer.  That's just the truth.  I used to hate them but...just maybe they are right.  Perhaps bitcoin sticking to a smaller block size does make it more decentralized and harder for the govt. to stop.  Perhaps Lightning will work out and will be the ultimate way to pay for things with bitcoin.  Just maybe bitcoin being unstoppable from the govts perspective allows for all the other coins with the larger block sizes.   They could be stopped but bitcoin can't be.  
Anyhow, Roger Ver is just a passionate guy that just may be wrong in the long run.  
I like where bitcoin is at now.  We have both chains for both groups of people.  I hold both but being honest I am becoming more convinced as time goes on (as Lightning evolves really) that this path is correct.  
We'll see....waiting on that amp and watch towers now.
@_date: 2018-07-28 18:22:40
If Lightning takes 5 years to develop then I'll likely take your stance again.  If it takes less than 2 and really takes off then I'll maintain my current position.  The guys here are promoting Lightning a lot and it is growing so we'll see.  I do see a lot of people shilling for fiat here though and they don't delete the posts so...that is odd.
@_date: 2018-07-28 14:56:04
It depends on where you live and if you travel or not.  The point ultimately is not to buy bitcoin but earn it like any other currency.  There definitely is a momentum component.  Hopefully we'll get that back.  
As more merchants internationally accept bitcoin, it would be so much easier for me to just carry bitcoin as I travel and not have to convert.
