@_author: ptwoe
@_date: 2018-01-27 21:42:12
The basic reason, the same reason I am on here now...I actually didn't know that-I am unashamed to say, as we must learn to grow-and had we all known just a bit more, like 7 years ago....trails...thanks for that! Is this the same as GOX, and similar to that other one in the news that just got hacked, though?
 Also, then to your question, then why would anyone still be on CB with this knowledge???? My guess, they haven't been here! Thanks again....
@_date: 2018-01-27 18:30:37
If your wire was delayed, ignored or simply treated as it never occurred, then I get it-if not, no need for concern-it appears all of us who have catered to this monstrosity have made a serious error. Their fees, at times are so high, the local BTC ATM is far less-and that is really making CB patrons look naive. But once they cross this line, there is a point where no one is above the law, that would be the Feds. Have a look at their company classification, it is specific; and the rules are quite clear and concise, in essence...they simply cannot do most of what they have done!
@_date: 2018-01-27 20:25:46
They treat everyone fine, until the proverbial "Other shoe". They do it under the "guise" that we did something errant, or are under some scrutiny-in this case, mine is scanned in with all codes static, so there were no errors on this end. My certainty lead me to the CPFB, then I looked up their company class; and low and behold they are listed as an entity that "moves money" therefore, subject to all of the laws required in the moving of those moneys. Most are duped because, well, it's BTC so it is, and isn't real, depending on what side of the bed the Fed woke up on that morning-but no, this is simple sending and receiving of a wire, the results of that are in Crypto, but until before that it's a simple debit/credit banking type system. So they are totally bound by all the laws, and that wire act is ancient, I believe from 1961....to those who post regarding other wallets; absolutely, and they don't have to be based in the USA, but some disallow USA citizens depending upon their origins-none of them as expensive as CB lately-but...you can't get all of the conveniences, etc-unless we are very clever -there are other forums discussing this here, a great place to be!
@_date: 2018-01-27 22:02:33
Indeed-and even that, is news to many of us-do you like the Trezor; I got one as a promo-haven't tried or even opened it yet....not without some input-many thanks...
@_date: 2018-06-08 00:22:41
I'll tell you what\-it says you have 7 weeks on Reddit\-I am not much more mature from a time stamp perspective\-BUT, I would do well, and vice versa to talk to you by phone\-our combined energies here could be quite formidable\-and BTW I agree with you completely. Further I can say myself I have obtained nearly irrefutable proof that they are tied to companies many did not know about, and it is painfully obvious to me they are quite corrupt. Feel free to send me a direct (is it "pm" here?) message; and thank you for your post.    
Regards!             
@_date: 2018-11-13 20:12:19
Well-if Tommy reads this, or for anyone else reading this feeling similarly in re Paypal (PP) I can only say that I have actually stumbled on the answer for most folks. This is a practical and effective answer rather than theoretical. Contact me for details but suffice to say, PP pays for nothing, and called me over 100 times for an error they made...how much...about 40 dollars+ and called at illegal hours, were ordered to cease &amp; desist, but then it gets MUCH better...all interested drop me a line-
Be Well