@_author: pua_mox
@_date: 2014-05-10 21:24:45
Ok cool. I think I almost got it (thanks so much for taking the time).
I understand how it works, now it's the question of why it works that way that I need to figure out.
@_date: 2014-05-06 23:57:48
After reading I would add that spending more on infrastructure improvements such as better 3rd party apps and better wallets for the mass market, would definitely be the right strategy.
To compete in the nascent byt growing crypto market, bitcoin should do the following:
1-Spend a little on widespread cheap advertising
2-Take the savings and spend it on infrastructure
This will make sure no one can compete. The network effect of having everyone use the better infrastructure (apps, etc) will make Bitcoin the VHS to the altcoin Betamax.
Bitcoin has more supporters so this is more possible. Bitcoin can outspend Dogecoin over 100:1 on infrastructure. This is DEFINITELY the way to maintain ubiquity.
@_date: 2014-05-07 00:20:22
One further caveat.
Being "Everywhere" can be achieved by going really, really big, instead of lots of small campaigns and spending on advertising could work as part of a Big Bang strategy.
But to make it work, I wouldn't shoot for anything less than the Super Bowl ($4M + $1M in consulting/production).
@_date: 2014-04-21 03:02:46
It is the [best selling book of all time]( and features a lot of sex.
EDIT: Thanks to for checking my un-researched factoid and pointing out that this is only in Britain and only in recent history.
Still... I had no idea it was even *this* popular
@_date: 2014-04-21 10:46:56
No, sorry, just those pesky word things ;)
@_date: 2014-04-21 19:56:49
haha, thanks for the clarification. I have to admit I just did a quick Google and copy-paste. I assumed there was some caveat about the claim but admittedly, I didn't even read the article.
I will immediately go punch myself in the face and I promise to not use tl;dr as an excuse for checking my own facts.
@_date: 2014-05-10 19:59:09
thanks, but I think answers my specific question more clearly.
@_date: 2014-05-10 19:58:29
So there simply aren't any incentives to add to the block if there aren't any fees. I thought I was going crazy.
This seems to be the only thing about bitcoin that doesn't make any sense to me. It seems completely idiotic that there are no incentives to add high priority transactions to the block. It seems like that should be the entire point!
I imagine a solution where the network builds and verifies the current block,mixing in high priority transactions with fee-based transactions. Is this possible? Is there a reason miners HAVE to build their own blocks?
@_date: 2014-04-22 00:34:19
Got anything I can read/review/feedback/rearrange the words into Pigeon English poetry?
@_date: 2014-05-06 23:44:21
*DISCLAIMER: I'm treating Bitcoin as a company with "competitors" for the sake of discussing the best strategy for "marketing". I don't actually think bitcoin is a company.*
Bitcoin's best interest is defending the status as the de-facto standard. That's it, that's all bitcoin has to do as the leader, this is the advantage of having first-mover advantage on a commodified product. No one is talking about cryptocurrencies, they are talking about Bitcoin and alternative cryptocurrencies.
The power of holding the positioning as the standard in the public narrative will be strong enough to defeat any altcoin competitor, even if they are technically better.
When people describe Dogecoin, they say "it's bitcoin with a new label"... that's great for bitcoin and it's great for Dogecoin.
What isn't ok, is letting the world start thinking another coin is the "real" coin. The conversation is too young to rest on the laurels while competitors are spending real money on advertising.
HOWEVER, that doesn't mean bitcoin has to outspend other currencies, actually, the reason it is called the "first mover advantage" is because bitcoin can spend LESS on advertising in order to stay the standard.
Pepsi had to outspend Coke just to stay on par, which is exactly what other currencies will have to do to stay on par with bitcoin.
So, Bitcoin should enjoy being able to advertise with less money, allow the status of being the standard generate cheap advertising like news coverage, and focus on being ubiquitous rather than expensive, high visibility advertising like NASCAR (which is the perfect move for, say, dogecoin).
Dogecoin needs to be "somewhere"
Bitcoin needs to be "everywhere"