@_author: puasenator
@_date: 2014-03-13 21:33:46
Not at all... It was pretty well known the USD withdraw delays was from their bank making it difficult to transfer money due to all the attempted scamming going on -- the bank basically didn't want to deal with it. This was also further confirmed after Gox failed. Most people that I know with USD/BTC in it, just thought it was being held back by bureaucracy. Not even the most rational people thought MK was so incompetent that he could lose 500m in BTC and magically have his bank account hacked which lost another 50m USD. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:59:57
No no, I think the biggest point everyone is missing is that Gox lost 30m USD. Cash isn't vulnerable to TX malliability. Nor does that kind of money simply get up and leave w/o the banks attention. WTF happened to the USD?
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:25:16
Yes, there will certainly be a class action lawsuit levied against them. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:34:38
Once Gox opens back up, it's still going to effect the whole system. People will be withdrawing their coins and cashing them out in higher exchanges like coinbase. The price is going to further crash.
@_date: 2014-02-14 06:28:33
I recently posted a white paper on how this exploit is done. Basically, it requires having access to the receiving wallet to do it. Since SRs transaction wallets are all behind the safe, it shows that it had to been an inside job. Surely it's not something done by them all as a whole, rather, it's one dev who did it. I'm pretty certain that they had fail safes all along the way that required multiple-party confirmation. However, running this exploit only required one individual with just the access to the wallets. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 11:53:06
They've been having a ton of issues lately. Things like, accepting USD deposits, but not allowing withdraws. They gave no warning this could be an issue, so it would be taken as intentional fraud. There are a slue other such things which they'd be guilty of if found to be insolvent.
(Which they aren't BTW. I'm pissed I can't buy GoxBTC right now at 1/10 the price). 
@_date: 2014-02-14 06:30:34
Who gives a shit. This is the black market. The only people on the end of his list were people that were maliciously trying to end the operation. The original DPR was just doing what he had to do to keep this market running. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 00:52:51
Right after they get the Litecoin system up and running. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 05:14:44
The cash is the biggest mystery to me that tells me no one has speculated the correct theory. Even if a hacker did get into his account, how the hell did it go missing? You simply can't do large movements of money like that w/o regulators asking wtf you're doing. This isn't bitcoin, this is real cash that the government doesn't let simply slush around. Even in an extreme case like this, surely there is a paper trail of sorts. It just doesn't make sense. 
What's the press conference everyone have been talking about? Did I miss a recent development?
@_date: 2014-02-20 20:37:56
Gox is likely going to open up in a few days. All the Gox hysteria comes from people forsaking out because Gox has terrible PR. But once it does open, expect the markets to go down. There are going to be a lot of people who bought cheap Gox coins who are going to cash out on the main exchanges. 
@_date: 2013-10-04 16:40:57
I think this needed to happen. There was no real precedent of what happens when you get too comfortable. Vendors were revealing themselves to each other, and even employees to vendors. Everyone knew they shouldn't have, but no one was really worried since, again, it's been the safe Wild West up to this point. 
The FBI crack down is a sobering reminder that the Fed can and will be all over every site. From here on out, I imagine everyone is going to be much more safe in how they go about things, and rightfully a little more paranoid. 
@_date: 2013-10-03 20:16:01
The US is pretty ridiculous when it comes to it's mandatory minimums. Also, they are going to throw the book at him, no doubt. So I agree, it's completely unethical, but no one said the law is supposed to be ethical. 
They are probably going to get him on distribution charges. They have a record of each transaction he's facilitated. Each one of those can be a separate charge. If they wanted to, they could probably hit him with 10,000 years for the heck of it.
But yeah, I do see an ethical problem. Big drug bosses get caught every now and then, and they too get life in prison. Now, while DPR did solicit murder and sold drugs, I would not even compare him with a standard drug lord. DPR would be considered a saint standing next to a drug lord. 
@_date: 2013-10-03 20:12:05
Yup, this market was created and shown how useful it was. Many users weren't even junkies like most would suspect, but hard working tech nerds who wanted reliable drugs without going to a sketchy part of town where you can get robbed or ripped off. In fact, that's what was such an appeal of SR. On the street, drug dealers don't have a review system to compare with. However, on the SR there was an extremely competitive review system that pitted dealers against each other from all across the world. This lead to only the highest quality and safest products from raising to the top.
So not only is there still a demand for this service for the tech geeks who don't want to deal with shady drug dealers, but there is also a billion dollar void just sitting there. No one simply lets a billion dollar market gap go unfilled. People will try to fill it.
Not only that, but now it's creating the Napster effect. Some say SR going down is going to cause a chill, but I think the opposite is true in the long run. More platforms are going to appear, each trying to promote on their corner of the world, bringing more exposure to these sort of services. But now, the vendors are the platform owners are going to be more cautious than ever. They just gave every new competitor and contributor a step by step guide on what not to do. 
