@_author: pulleti
@_date: 2018-01-13 14:58:35
you are right. they too loose. this is madness!
@_date: 2018-01-14 01:49:39
Hi Michael,
Thanks for your prompt emails and reddit response. 
Firstly I like to clarify regarding balance amount request. I have never used the word 'demand' in my emails or posting. No C4 staff has contacted me. The below screenshot shows that a partial payment is due to take an exam. It is unambiguous, 
I have made a full payment yesterday night and hoped to take the exam today early morning. So I woke up at 5am local time. The balance request has showed up on my page. This being long weekend, I didn't expect your customer service to work. I have anyways sent a few emails regarding this expressing my concern. Since I didn't expect any quick response, I went ahead and made the balance payment. Also I had other things planned for rest of the day and weekend.  
After payment, I didn't feel right about this whole experience. I felt it was not correct on part of C4 to request such small payment considering the high BTC transaction fee and for no mistake on my end. So I posted on reddit to seek responses from other people. Had a small note been placed on the payment request page asking to contact customer service in case of such insignificant payment balance request, it would have cleared all confusion &amp; frustration.
I thank you for clarifying on my post. I also appreciate you for explaining the intent behind mandating BTC payments and the challenges that come with it. I hope you would take note of my feedback to improve the process &amp; experience for future exam takers. 
Best regards,
@_date: 2018-01-15 03:23:35
Everyone knows that bitcoin transactions are being created at a much faster speed than the network can process causing miners to choose highest transaction fee transactions first. Choosing another coin is not an option given by C4. So is waiting for C4 to resolve the issue since it will be foolish to assume that C4 will rule their decision in my favor. Hence there is no irrational reasoning or unrealistic expectation here. 
@_date: 2018-01-13 16:23:46
The exchange wallet did not give me option to specify lower fees. But even if I specify lower fees using my personal web wallet, the transaction will get delayed due to lower priority and it could sometimes take several hours to go through. It is not an issue with other traditional online payment methods. So this is still a BTC issue.
@_date: 2018-01-13 19:40:30
These are not choices. These are pain points. Bitcoin was originally envisioned to be a better payment system that allow micro payments that were not possible with current payment methods and with far less fees. I hope it stays that way. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 07:41:33
Hi Andreas, Listening to your speeches and reading your books have been one of the best experiences in my life. You inspired me (and many others) to bitcoin and blockchain so much! You achieved in life which many like to achieve! You should feel very proud and should never feel low! Money has no loyalty unlike knowledge. Your path has always been right.