@_author: pumpernix
@_date: 2017-08-28 02:53:03
Sorry for the late reply... but no one cares about your misunderstanding of how the monetary system works
@_date: 2017-05-28 00:44:50
When I was considering my bitcoin holdings, I was attempting to predict their future purchasing power (this influenced me -&gt;  ) in order to determine what amount I should aim to hodl in total.
I came to the conclusion, that with time bitcoins will be "destroyed" and with the exponential increase with difficulty in mining, a tipping point will occur where the rate of loss will outpace the rate of creation.
From an economic perspective, if bitcoin is a major player in the future, deflation will occur causing its demise. 
If it does not become a major player, then this is where I break things into cycles.
Cycle 1: Large supply capacity unfulfilled (coins to be mined still, rate of creation &gt; destruction). As demand expands consistently, value will increase linearly up to roughly where we are now, then over a very short time the value will increase exponentially.
Cycle 2: Supply at near capacity (rate of creation &lt; destruction). The only possibility is that supply will contract causing a linear increase in value.
Cycle 3: Low Supply. Volume of transactions will begin to decrease as remaining accumulated bitcoin are held by a minority. This changes bitcoin from a currency to an asset, my distinction here is because the price elasticity for both supply and demand will rapidly change from inelastic (a necessity) to elastic (a luxury) as altcoins without the same attributes will fill the space.
This arguably could devalue bitcoin, it is not tangible, you cannot show it off, what is its purpose?
@_date: 2017-05-28 03:29:58
Hate to burst your bubble but bitcoins are not infinitely divisible:
So you would have to fork the blockchain to code for that, and the blocksize debate will look like a joke in comparison.
It would be far better to make the other recommendations, which tend the issues mentioned to some extent. Though further work would be required.
@_date: 2017-05-28 02:15:48
Firstly, transaction fees will be a fixed percentage to maintain the running of nodes. This means that as the supply of bitcoin contracts due to destruction, your income will fall in quantity (although if it does so at the same rate as supply, your purchasing power is the same). If we dealt only in bitcoin, and the fee for a transaction was 1%, then I can only perform so many transactions before it became uneconomical (buying in bulk, and HODLing given your bitcoins will appreciate in value with deflation of prices).
If the USD survives, and BTC/USD=$450,000... and I spend $40,000 per year (and we assume this is average Joe spending), then a 1% fee if I did one transaction all year (buying in bulk) would wipe out 10% of purchasing power.
And the rate of decay (fall in quantity of bitcoin) is:
(The amount of bitcoin at time t is equal to the original amount of bitcoin times an exponential to the power of the negative decay constant over time)
Then we can calculate when there will be no bitcoin by rearranging to:
-ln(BTC(t)/BTC)/d=t where BTC(t)&gt;0 (say 1 BTC remains)
This requires us to identify the value of the decay constant, which cannot do without hacking the blockchain with a super computer... so instead we can pick decay rates and decide later what is feasible, what we should be scared of:
Decay as a percentage, years until 1 BTC (assuming that somehow we magically mined every bitcoin)...
[50%, 34 years]
[25%, 67 years]
[10%, 169 years]
[5%, 337 years]
[1%, 1686 years]
What if people panic at 1 MBTC as it has become so difficult to buy (again assuming we had all 21 MBTC today):
[50%, 6 years]
[25%, 12 years]
[10%, 30 years]
[5%, 61 years]
[1%, 300 years]
If an earthquake hit Japan, millions of BTC could be permanently lost from the holdings they have if it was bad. Though the world and Japan would recover, bitcoin would have its life shortened. If bitcoin becomes a major holding for countries and a war occurs killing those who manage the keys, millions could be lost.
Decay can increase rapidly with exogenous shocks. Something bitcoin could struggle with imo.
@_date: 2017-05-28 13:30:42
By confiscating property and savings of the Jews. As I said, they built themselves off the back of the Jews. What are you, some kind of Nazi lover?
@_date: 2017-05-28 04:38:11
Oh and FYI, nazi germany's growth was built on the back of the millions of murdered jews and prisoners of war... even with immorality, inequity, inequality aside, that is not a "stable economic model" that really fits within the remit of this discussion.
@_date: 2017-05-28 16:54:44
You're the one who brought him [Hitler] into this conversation, I merely referenced your reasoning. 
The USA recovered from the depression due to economic policies centered around manufacturing (see Military Industrial Complex), and loaning credit to europe post WW2. It took a long time for the recovery to occur due its coincidence with a the trough of a Kondratiev wave.
I am not american, I do not have a backpack with school textbooks as I am bit old for that now ;) please google the definition of bigot. It might make you giggle.
Also, if you want to understand more, San Jose University have a brief summary "After 1932 there were increases in investment and goverment purchases and a resulting growth in GDP but the increase in production was not enough to wipe out the pool of unemployment that had accumulated during the recession period. Therefore unemployment remained high and the economy was thus still in a depression. Investment remained volatile during the period of the 1930's, in part because of the uncertainty created for business by the radical and shifting policies of the Roosevelt New Deal.
The economy recovered from the Depression only with the advent of World War II which pushed demand for goods and services to the limit of its capacity."
Ref -&gt; 
@_date: 2017-05-28 02:35:28
The transaction fees will come down but they will never go.
I am not blaming bitcoin for the accumulation aspect, though the rate of accumulation is worsened by its finite aspect.
The wealth gap would be exacerbated if bitcoin reaches a critical mass without addressing fundamental issues, and the wealthy will be able to buy up the altcoin that provides the solution.
This is why an altcoin that has the correct attributes is needed now, even if a fork is required on an existing coin such as bitcoin. Action now will mitigate these issues to an extent.
Ethereum will hopefully level the playing field with respect to inequality/inequity with smart contracts, and it is where I will go focus once bitcoin has had its exponential run over the remainder of this cycle.
Although I am interested in discussion external factors such as inheritance etc (the banning of it or heavy taxation) I am more interested in a decentralised solution via bitcoin/ethereum/litecoin (my cryptoportfolio).
Sounds like you're as annoyed about the status quo as I am!
@_date: 2017-05-28 00:59:41
That is a perspective I had not considered. 
Although I still worry that this would cause a race to the bottom in order to accrue as many bitcoins as possible in order to HODL them for later. This would cause a series of economic cycles very different to what we have now, where a boom in goods/services runs in parallel to a hoarding of bitcoin (in order to profit). Over a cycle, this would reduce the volume of currency in available in trading and therefore a drop in demand of goods/services. I would not even know how to stimulate an economy, you cannot lower prices, they could only hit zero. It is almost analogous to our debt cycle and interest rates being near zero to maintain liquidity with fiats.
@_date: 2017-05-28 00:19:04
I agree that a currency that loses value over time is a bad thing. I also believe that bitcoin is not fixed, it will reach a point where its circulation will decline.
An ideal currency (although controversial given its fiat like character) should vary in quantity, determined by the volume of production for goods and services. Demand/Supply of goods and services is affected by population level and I believe the number of transactions processed is a reasonable measure once empirically modelled.
This would present neither inflation or deflation if balanced correctly. Effectively, the level of prices (inflation/deflation) and the quantity of currency are intrinsically related.
@_date: 2017-05-28 04:35:26
Did you just highlight a failed nazi regime as an example of success... and you criticise my understanding. That is impressive, there is a meme here somewhere!
Politicians only have so much influence... as do consumers, as do producers, stakeholders, banks etc... This is ECON101, welcome to aggregate supply, aggregate demand and the determining of GDP. To blame politicians neglects far too much, bitcoin sidesteps this but does not address the issues with Investment banks, hedge funds, greed, inequity, inequality... the events that give rise to nazi dictators who are a failure.
@_date: 2017-05-28 02:27:17
A good read if you want to see the flip side with respect to growth instead of decay---&gt;
@_date: 2017-05-28 02:46:17
Also, I am not saying that bitcoin is responsible for stagnation, I am saying that GWP would decrease in terms of BTC if it was stagnant.
This means that if the economy contracted, BTC would decrease more, if GWP increased then in terms of BTC it would increase.
The point was to illustrate the consequence of measuring an economy in terms of bitcoin during a contraction of supply.
It would also mean that recession and stagnation would have an impact different (possibly worse) than what we have with our current fiat system.
I hope that explains things better.
@_date: 2017-05-28 01:11:27
To add... When the £ dropped in value in comparison to other currencies, it became possible for those who held other currencies to convert to £s at a better rate (hence the FTSE has grown, cheaper to invest).
 If deflation occurred with bitcoin, then the value of BTC would increase, creating a situation like you presented (the $ buys more £... BTC buys more £). 
This function works well for buying other currencies for trade, but does not help trade in that currency. A conversion is required to leverage the benefit.
I used this explanation in another comment regarding the outcome of a situation similar:
"If it does not become a major player [the sole currency], then this is where I break things into cycles.
Cycle 1: Large supply capacity unfulfilled (coins to be mined still, rate of creation &gt; destruction). As demand expands consistently, value will increase linearly up to roughly where we are now, then over a very short time the value will increase exponentially. [we are 2/3-3/4 the way through cycle 1]
Cycle 2: Supply at near capacity (rate of creation &lt; destruction). The only possibility is that supply will contract causing a linear increase in value.
Cycle 3: Low Supply. Volume of transactions will begin to decrease as remaining accumulated bitcoin are held by a minority. This changes bitcoin from a currency to an asset, my distinction here is because the price elasticity for both supply and demand will rapidly change from inelastic (a necessity) to elastic (a luxury) as altcoins without the same attributes will fill the space.
This arguably could devalue bitcoin, it is not tangible, you cannot show it off, what is its purpose?"
I hope that explains the issue I foresee better. My previous explanation was based on a misunderstanding of what you said (I assumed there was only bitcoin)
@_date: 2017-05-28 01:26:04
Lastly (sorry)...
"Deflation is good, "redistribution of wealth" ideas are bad."
Deflation is good if not consistent. I agree redistribution of wealth is bad (I only mentioned it as a means of rectifying a scenario, which is why I proposed my alternative).
My rationale for deflation is good if "not" consistent lies with the valuing of a rare asset, "This arguably could devalue bitcoin, it is not tangible, you cannot show it off, what is its purpose?". Although there are paintings worth millions of USD, I have limited demand for it because:
1. I cannot afford it
2. I cannot exchange it easily
3. It serves no utility
I consider this a luxury good, or luxury asset. Although bitcoins can be traded in small amounts, there is a fee based upon (and possibly will always be) a percentage of its value.
For bitcoin in heavily contracted supply:
1. I cannot afford it
2. I cannot exchange it easily [due to fees]
3. It serves no utility [as I will need to convert it, leading to fees]
If the USD exists at this point of time, and say BTC/USD=$450,000 and average spending per capita is $40,000. A 1% fee would wipe out &gt;10% of my spending (if I am an average Joe). Even if the fee was 0.1%, I would be wiped out by 100 transactions.
This requires converting in bulk, which would lead to a minority controlling and killing the currency imo.
@_date: 2017-05-28 02:22:24
What we have used in the past won't apply, but economic theory and mathematics will still. Altcoins that can manage the issues bitcoin has will erode its utility.
I believe cryptocurrencies are the future, but sadly when I see the end of the coming exponential bubble for bitcoin and a transition to linear growth, I will cash out for an undervalued altcoin without a finite limit. Sadly I am not good enough to develop a blockchain with the attributes needed!
@_date: 2017-05-28 00:00:30
Another factor will be derivative trading. If you buy bitcoin through a broker on margin, 10:1, then a 10% shift causes a margin call that will automatically close (sell) your position  if you do not top up your funds. This is why there is normally a double dip when a sell off begins.
The first dip occurs when speculators ("smart money" aka IB and HFs) close positions to cash out on their profits (they dont hold volatile stocks like these for more than a few months as they are only looking to cover their market making losses or bring returns for their investors). The price will drop and other IB/HFs that see this signal will then prepare to close their positions when a recovery begins (as liquidity is returning). This causes the second delayed but far worse dip, as retail investors begin closing losing margin positions fearful of massive losses and as they do so, those who are on a margin call will be automatically closed. Basically an automated firesale.
The firesale has not happened as far as I can see, so either there are not that many magin positions (my broker keeps shutting off online trading and requesting me to call them for my positions) or it will happen soon. I have no clue what will happen, I am just aware and as I am on margin (-$9798 on BTC/USD) I am topping up and hodling.
For those of you who will ask "why dont you just buy bitcoin and not use a broker?". If I can make 10x in fiat what I can make in bitcoin then I may aswell use the profits in fiat to buy 9 BTC every successful trade, and then use 1 BTC as fiat to open a 10:1 position.
@_date: 2017-05-28 17:52:59
If you cannot understand that in a fiat economy, debt = money then you do not understand the fundamentals of our current economy.
Yes debt increases, that debt is what ended the depression. The creditor was the USA, which is why their economy grew so much (with the debt being repaid). Our economies grew in europe because the debt allowed us to finance reconstruction through the Marshall Plan and repay it at a later date when our wealth increased from the increase in our production and trade.
I am not arguing for a Military Industrial Complex, in fact I heed the warnings given by Eisenhower. I am merely stating the FACT that it ended the depression.
No offense AntibuddhaWong, but I dont not think you fully understand our current economic system, the issues I foresee (along side bitcoiners themselves are hoping to solve or avoid  ), the historical implications of past deflationary events (the great depression) and the impact that had on world politics (the rise of Hitler).
I do not want to be harsh, I want you to understand that there is a plethora of academics that have decades of experience (1000s combined) whose valid and accepted points are the ones I am repeating.
So to reiterate the point of this discussion --&gt; bitcoin will be deflationary, historically deflationary episodes coincide with economic hardship. Our current system (which is flawed) leverages debt to finance growth today at the expense of tomorrow (hence business cycles occur, we are nearing the end of one now and growth will slow or recess).
If you disagree with any of those statements, I will be baffled. These are all verifiable, they can be modelled, they can be found in history, and although bitcoin has characteristics that make its forecasting uncertain (will it succeed, will it fail?) we must consider actions that can be taken in order counter any possible issue we can foresee. If we do not do this, an altcoin will surpass bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-05-28 17:05:15
Governments will still hold some even if their currency is not backed by gold/silver. They will buy more up if it were to fall in value given its long term storability.
Imagine a solar flare/nuclear incident that wiped out telecommunication infrastructure. Governments (well mine at least, wrt to military intervention) have emergency plans for these instances, and to maintain some form of international transactions, leverage of precious metals is the fallback plan.
I do however believe that governments will hold MORE cryptocurrency in reserve than precious metals in the future given its far ease of trade, and the unlikelihood of a global telecommunication incidident.
@_date: 2017-05-28 04:23:53
And IF you are willing to make that change, then you should make better ones...
If you actually follow the link I provided you, you will see this has, is and will be a point of debate given that no one has any certainty that a deflationary currency will work.
If a fork of the network is required to achieve infinite divisibility and your lack of consideration for the effects of deflation which are commented upon in the "deflationary spiral" (below the section I linked you) and yet a currently a consensus cannot be agreed on what would be a relatively minor fork in comparison, then I dont think it is my understanding of economics that is the issue. It is the blindness of those who resent change even when remaining static leads to failure.
As someone who is a bitcoiner, I hope the majority of other bitcoiners are seeing what I foresee and are not ignorant to the issues I am discussing because then this is most definitely going to be a sinking ship after the exponential growth aspect of this cycle is complete!