@_author: pumpkin_creepface
@_date: 2019-10-24 14:46:04
Again, if you think it's incoherent, the problem lies with you my friend. 
I'm literally paid to write for a living and have been working with cryptocurrency for a decade now at all levels from mining, to arbitrage, to installing POS services in retail establishments. 
I've probably forgotten more about currency frameworks than you've ever learned in your life.
@_date: 2019-10-24 16:19:25
Hemingway was renown for his brevity and powerful use of simple words. 
My writing is the damn near polar opposite of that. 
Have you actually never read any of his work?
@_date: 2019-10-23 13:22:22
When people stop treating bitcoin as an investment and actually start buying things with it and putting it back into circulation. 
And that won't happen till we hit another deep cut. 
Which may be now, market analysis is pointing to as low as 2k before the end of the year.
@_date: 2019-10-24 21:45:31
There is more to culture than pop references, amirite?
@_date: 2019-10-24 15:32:31
My writing speaks for itself, you really should go to those adult reading classes.
@_date: 2019-10-24 02:42:49
I'll answer the same thing I have always answered since bitcoin was still worth pennies. 
The fundamentals are sound, the advantages over fiat are clear, we have been given free of charge literally everything needed to maintain a worldwide transaction network. 
Banks paid literally hundreds of millions for this and ours is more resilient and tamper proof. 
There is no doubt that cryptocurrency is the future of money. 
The 'volatility' you see in the short term is pretty meaningless when you look at the value of bitcoin with the same timeframe as other commodities and financial instruments. 
If you normalize bitcoin for the last 10 years against gold or oil the last 10 years you will understand what I mean. 
Every store owner that I am aware of instantly sells their coins for dollars as soon as they can, just like every miner. 
But if any of them had just held they would have always had a return **except** for when speculators have actively manipulated the market (China, why the fuck do we keep letting them do that?). 
Never once has a dip been the product of rational market moves outside of the sole interest of investors wanting more dollars, the fundamentals are and have always been sound. 
As long as everyone keeps worrying about how much their bitcoin is worth compared to another currency, instead of simply using bitcoin _as_ currency, we will never have stability because those rollercoasters are determined by greed and fear and are inherently irrational. 
The answer to this is complete supply chains that accept bitcoin. 
You really need to read about the Brazilian Real, and how it brought that country out of a downward spiral of hyperinflation. 
The reason it worked was because it wasn't pegged to any other value, 1 Real was 1 Real regardless of all outside market forces, and complete supply and service chains accepted it. 
People weren't speculating "Well if I hold onto this Real will it be worth more later, or will it drop?", they were just using Brazilian Reals for their everyday purchases, and store owners used Real to buy their stock, and shipping companies used it to buy their fuel and fuel companies used it to pay their employees, who then went to the store. 
It literally avoided an economic collapse simple because everyone agreed that 1 Real was worth 1 Real, and used them instead of solely speculating on them. 
Bitcoin can do the same thing for the coming world economic crisis as long as people realize the inherent features of bitcoin make it so much more valuable as a currency than it could ever be as an investment tool. 
But everyone is greedy and self serving, everyone sells at the second that knife starts to drop because they care that 1 bitcoin is worth 1k less dollars today than it was last month, disregarding the fact that just a few years ago it was only worth a few bucks. 
This shortsighted profit grab at all costs is the disease that is killing this world, and bitcoin was _supposed_ to be the cure.
@_date: 2019-10-24 10:20:09
Nearly every college and university campus provides free adult reading education classes to those with disabilities.
I encourage you to take advantage of this so you do not have to suffer under this debility alone.
Help is waiting for you.
Once you graduate come back and re-read my wall of text above and write me 6 paragraph report why you're wrong.
@_date: 2019-10-24 02:43:47
Cashing it out for Czech money or do you know people who will accept it as actual currency?
@_date: 2019-10-23 13:17:34
No, you should not buy bitcoin to invest. 
You should buy bitcoin to use. 
No matter what the price the fundamental utility of bitcoin doesn't change, and that fundamental utility is so much better than bank ledgers or paper stuffed in your mattress. 
Only by _using_ bitcoin, buying things with it, accepting it for goods and services, will its true purpose shine. 
When people just buy low and sell high what it is actually doing is siphoning value from bitcoin to dollars. 
When people buy and then use it to purchase things, and that seller doesn't cash in for dollars but also uses bitcoin to buy things, that's what creates the circulating economy that will send us beyond the moon and out of the solar system. 
Unfortunately the majority of holders just view it as a way to make more dollars. 
But that's the thing, bitcoin is here to replace dollars. Trading bitcoin for dollars is pretty antithetical to its whole purpose.
Plus we're going into a bear market this morning and it looks really bad, never catch a falling knife.
@_date: 2019-10-23 13:19:58
There are quantum resistant algorithms that would be trivial to implement, and there would be near unanimous consent with the miners because a quantum computing solvable cryptography will tank their profits. 
This entire thing was hashed out years ago, please do some research.
@_date: 2019-10-24 09:48:39
I'm not wasting my time to educate you when you have the entire internet at your fingertips. 
There are dozens of articles describing the Real and how it was implemented and I'm not going to be dragged into another fruitless reddit conversation after making my point amply clear across several paragraphs.