@_author: punchbags-pony
@_date: 2017-12-10 21:15:20
I strongly urge you to consider OMF
Ive spent 3 years online learning what i can about this illness i also have, looking at research past present n future
This group is the furthest along. The first to find biomarkers n technology to find them. They are very resourceful n make every penny count. They are highly committed to finding a cure/treatment.
They have fantastic innovative scientists n researchers.
They are encouraging collaboration between scientists rather than competition for ego/paycheck
I cannot praise their hardwork enough n they are my biggest reason for hope.
This illness steals lives and i can confirm the experiences of other posters. If in differing ways
Which is partly why this illness is so tricksome
Personally i can live independantly with the odd bit of assistance from my mum, who will often batch cook me a weeks worth of stew to keep me going if ive dipped. My priorities revolve around food sleep n keeping myself n my clothes reasonably clean. I can only tolerate social interaction once a week. So between mum n various appointments im lucky if i get to see my boyfriend once a month, let alone rest of family or friends n im cobstantly surprised my boyfriend hasnt given up on me. I can read, but i cant cope with noise, so no tv, music, traffic, shopping etc i have found im better if i eat a stupidly restrictive diet that consists of old school style cooking, which is frankly exhausting, which is why mum helps.
We are not lazy. We ate not depressed n thus got me/cfs as sceptics will say. Nor have we 'thought-beliefed' ourselves into this chronic condition.
I know what depression is like n trust me, its the reduced quality n quantity of life that causes some of us to *additionally* suffer with depression.
I once was a healthcare worker, i was once training to be a nurse
Now? I just hope someday ill b able to have a child with my boyfriend before im too old n infertile (35) n not fall to pieces cos of this illness. Its cost me 5 years of 'normalcy'. I hope i dont also lose chance to have a baby.
That said, all has not been total doom n gloom. I have wonderful ppl in my life n iv learnt alot about myself. I was forced to cut out the negative people, the emotional vampire types. 
Personality n emotionally i am a stronger person. A happier person n learnt alot of lessons i needed to learn.
I think it is amazing what you intend to do
No matter who you choose, but please, i ask of thee, please do watch unrest film before you make your choice
