@_author: puretrust
@_date: 2014-09-13 17:40:04
They used to be called Peace Officers because, well, they kept the Peace.  Now, they have all be converted to Policy(e) Officers because they uphold corporate policy.  90+% is Revenue generation and maybe 10% or less is keeping the peace.  It's too bad really..  When the Policy Officers and the Military stop blindly obeying orders, this world will sprint towards glory..
@_date: 2014-08-10 17:24:48
That is my referral ID for a BitPlastic Card..
In the same way - you could open up two (2) BitPlastic Accounts (by all means - use me as a referral).  But, open the 2nd account as a referral to your first account and use that account to attain your ATM/Debt Card funded by BitCoin and you will get 30% (last I checked) of all fees paid to your referral account.  It is kind of expensive, but it is anonymous.  I am not affiliated in anyway except I have the card and an account..  BTW, if you spend more than I think $275 in the 1st year your card fee is refunded.  They claim to keep most of the Bitcoin in cold storage and just keep enough for daily activity.  Then they charge like 5%, (I think), but you would get 30% of that back, which makes it about the price of using a normal Credit Card..  It's not perfect, but Crypto's are finally getting where we need them to be for mass adoption.
@_date: 2014-12-26 19:12:26
There is certainly confusion here between Centralisation (as in a minority monopolized elite making all the decisions) and specialisation.  Specialisation leads to efficiencies for sure - as there are Framers who can build homes 10X faster than me - but, Centralisation monopolizes the efficiencies - which is why it takes 30 years to pay off a home that can be built in less than 1 man year by a decent home builder.  Centralisation leads to REGULATIONS that APPEAR to be to PROTECT the people but more accurately protect energy companies by making sure homes take enormous amounts of electricity to heat and cool.
Centralisation/Control/Monopoly begets more control and monopolization - like Cancer, once it begins in the host it wants to spread and takeover, even to the point of destroying the host.  Would you say Cancer is natural and organic and efficient?  It sure might be efficient at destruction, but not very efficient at synergistic living.
Truly innovative and synergistic ideas are Patented and put away to keep us dependent on oil - true health remains a secret because it is not profitable - organic permaculture, which nourishes the land, the animals, the people, and which produces equally dense food without all the synthetic tilling, insecticides, pesticides and herbacides is not taught in agro schools, - the list goes on and on.
@_date: 2015-01-06 10:44:08
Just here to reiterate what ThomasVeil said - Multigateway has partially solved this - its' just new and not been advertised until it was first proven - it's follow-up component 'InstandDex' might even be ready by end of January, which takes Muligateway to the next level of total DeCenralisation.
@_date: 2015-01-06 11:37:57
I just looked at  and they updated the Coins, including BitCoin, DarkCoin, BlackCoin, LiteCoin and others - I think it used to say Beta.  I know they follow a different model, in that they don't make to many Pre-Announcements - they wait till they have everything working and then pull the trigger on Marketing - must be really close now with them taking it out of Beta - I've been using it for like 3 or 4 months and currently have some coins sitting in them - it sometimes has a really LONG lag time from Deposit while they we're working out the kinks to make ABSOLUTELY sure all 3 Servers AGREED.
@_date: 2015-01-19 16:50:31
BitCoin itself cannot end the Nation State, but the BlockChain is the result of a general change in the minds and hearts of the people to take back Personal Responsibility, to create DeCentralised, non-hierarchial, technological solutions that ultimately run in parallel to naughty centralised systems.  It will be A LOT of work for Governments to legitimately TAX, as the false veil of legitmacy is seen more clearly since the BlockChain itself is nothing more than a token used to move data similar to the Internet that crosses oceans, nations, borders, etc. How does the US Gov tax a P2P system where most of the peers are not even within the US or how does the UK make illegal that which they have NO jurisdiction over.  Just because some people choose to use BitCoin as a form of currency does not in and of itself make it a currency.  When BitCoin starts hitting the Supreme Courts and Grand Juries more and more, it will be very hard to contain the stance that Government can just simply TAX people, especially when GOV cannot always just reach into the BlockChain and EXTRACT the money.
A simple human with a simple humble opinion.
@_date: 2015-01-06 11:32:45
 - still limited, only support like 6 Coins i think - not much liquidity yet - they didn't want to make a major announcement until they first proved it worked - basically a multi-signature gateway exchange you access via NxT client or  - if someone hacks one of the servers, the 3 servers do not agree and hence they just stop working until someone fixes the hack.
@_date: 2015-01-08 04:06:28
notreddingit is correct that it is distributed, it's also a great time to start using it because it will be integral to a DeCentralised Exchange that will be ready probably by first quarter of this year - I would agree that it was a poor implementation in October, but it get's better and faster everyweek - not one of those TECHS the was released and then left to ROT..
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:57:07
Who Controls the Value Controls the World. "WE" are the value and "WE" allow them to control us.  The oppressed are not oppressed at the hands of the oppressors but at the command of the oppressors.  It is the oppressed class themselves that oppresses at the command of the oppressors.  When the oppressed class stop obeying the command of the oppressors, the oppressed and oppressors will cease to exist.
@_date: 2015-03-18 02:44:39
Is there a summary to help comprehend the basics before reading the intimate details?  Otherwise it kind of goes thru the mind and does not settle in the mind.
@_date: 2015-03-21 07:41:40
@_date: 2015-03-21 02:08:17
"Ukraine" is a legal document - I wonder how "Ukraine" will feel, when a math algorithm gives black ink on a white piece of paper the crypto middle finger.  I'm trying to imagine a piece of paper trying to navigate computer code looking for an eraser, but it's really hard to imagine. :)
When they are done "shutting off bitcoin accounts", maybe they could suspend earths gravity and tell the sun not to come up tomorrow.
@_date: 2015-03-21 17:55:58
Do you have to compile it yourself or is there somehwhere you can download it ready to run?
@_date: 2015-03-19 04:49:27
makes sense - thanks..