@_author: purejenius
@_date: 2014-03-28 22:26:11
Even if you are in a state where recreational marijuana is legal, and you are purchasing from a state where recreational marijuana is legal, interstate commerce is one of those things that you shouldn't eff with.  Not a lawyer, but TL;DR probably still illegal for you. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 18:18:21
People use fiat currencies for speculation as well!  George Soros much?  The forex market exists for a reason.  This has nothing to do with subversion of Bitcoin.  And even so, bitcoin possesses traits that make it act more like a commodity than traditional fiat currency. I don't care what intentions drove its creation or what it is supposed to represent.  Fiat currencies have a fair share of this duality, and bitcoin does too! 
And to answer your question, YES it would make sense to have a bet that measured the performance of Airbus and compared it to the performance of the USD compared to another metric (say, pounds sterling.).  You can abstractly compare two values and determine which one outperformed the other according to a specific metric. You could've even made the bet that Airbus will end up using the color green more than the dollar bill in the next 6 months.
 Basically, anything with risk that someone might want to hedge, you can buy options on: currencies, interest rates, commodities, stocks, bitcoin, sovereignty of nations...  Securities firms will do almost anything to create custom options for you, but at a cost.  This is just the free market being free, IMO. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:55:51
In fact, maybe that's the distinction to be made:  bitcoin has a monetary policy. That makes very much unlike a commodity or stock. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 22:30:47
Then you should mosey on down to ... or did you mean first purportedly legal online weed shop? 
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:29:09
Cool! 
I am not a laywer, but just remember that, depending on [what country you are in](  Pyramid schemes are still illegal.  
Further (and again, perhaps depending on what country this is), it doesn't matter that the scheme isn't using a fiat currency; it is still considered a fraudulent business practice. 
But I find your project uniquely interesting because you are so transparent about the fact that this is a ponzi scheme and about your operations (by opening up all of your transactions to scrutiny) 
Good luck!
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:06:39
Do you trust the inherent stability of bitcoin as a currency?  Do you think that bitcoin will survive this mtgox fiasco and rise in price in a few months/years/weeks, or that too much trust is lost and it will never again see the heights it once achieved?  Do you think that the recent attention will force the US to (try to) impose regulation on crypto exchanges, thereby destabilizing the tenets of bitcoin as a currency? 
Training wheels are off!  If you trust the foundations of bitcoin and the public's acceptance of those foundations, sure! buy some bitcoin and hold on to it.  Just remember that you aren't alone, and that there are thousands of people like you out there considering buying or buying "cheap" bitcoin in the hopes of it gaining in value once again.  An economy is going to get increasingly volatile as the ratio of speculation to commerce increases. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 23:34:45
Maybe OP doesn't understand the economic definition of volatility? 
It's economics 101 (or maybe International Finance 300) that bitcoin has free capital flow and an independent monetary policy.  It is both literally and figuratively impossible to control the third leg of the holy trinity: a fixed exchange rate.  Here, OP! 
Anyway, thanks for picking that up.  And for the record, I never suggested that stability was a core tenet; I suggested it was anonymity and freedom from sovereign control.