@_author: purple1864
@_date: 2017-05-23 17:33:58
I'm not trying to be a dick but that is how the laws work. 
If you have a party and minors show up and are drinking alcohol, you can be held criminally liable. Even if you don't know them or didn't directly provide them the alcohol. It's your house and you allowed it to happen one way or another so you are liable. 
I think that's a better analogy for the Silk Road guy. He had no plausible deniability just like you wouldn't in that scenario 
@_date: 2017-05-23 03:24:36
Hold on a second. Just because he may have technically been facilitating individual non-violent sales of drugs does not mean that he wasnt contributing to any sort of violence or heinous activity. 
Just because joe your friendly neighborhood crack dealer sells you crack without any problems doesn't mean that crack isn't involved in violence, used to fund violence, or in any other way is associated with violence
The college kid snorting a line he bought through the Silk Road? Maybe he's not doing anything violently, but profits from that cocaine are funding drug cartels in Latin America. 
The war in drugs is a bit ridiculous and yes research done by organizations such as the WHO do strongly suggest that the stricter drug policies in the United States are not necessarily more effective than the less stringent policies in other countries. 
BUT just because the Silk Road appeared to be a nonviolent marketplace does not, by any means, necessarily mean that no violence was funded by, the result of, associated with, etc. drugs bought through the Silk Road. 
Drugs in our country do absolutely correlate with violence. And the Silk Road 1. Broke laws that, regardless of their effectiveness or popular support, are still laws and 2. Almost definitely contributed in some form to drug related violence simply through making it *easier* to fucking buy drugs.
He built a fucking online drug empire. He should be locked up for a long fucking time. For the rest of his life? Maybe not. But he knew damn well the consequences of his actions. 
EDIT: And a commentor below very clearly articulated that the judge took the preponderance of evidence that he contracted out 5 murders as a factor in sentencing. So fuck it. He should be locked up for life. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 17:39:55
Are you making the argument he didn't know drugs were being sold on that site? Ignorance is not an excuse for a crime. I think you're just relaying your opinion on these laws but that's not how the justice system always works. Plausible deniability is not always a defense. 
If your friend is secretly selling drugs out of a house you own and live in, are you liable?
@_date: 2017-05-23 17:28:54
Yeah, you are actually. That's receiving stolen property.
Also I don't think that analogy is a good one for openly facilitating something very illegal. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 17:31:51
But you're still liable for returning the property. You're not getting off completely free. It's a bad analogy. 
Just because you didn't actively sell the drugs doesn't mean you're not liable for facilitating sales and directly allowing such sales to take place 
@_date: 2017-05-23 17:48:57
OK I see what you're saying. I misunderstood I'm sorry. That's my bad. Yeah I wasn't saying they're liable for the violence. 
What I was saying was a response to the OP of that comment I replied to saying this guy 'facilitated a non-violent means of selling drugs' to which I responded that there is no such thing as a non violent means of drug sale as drugs (most drugs) inevitably lead to/fund etc. violence. 
I'm sorry if I misstated that comment in some way as it was late at night and sorry for any perceived hostility 
