@_author: purple_serpent
@_date: 2014-02-10 11:40:47
That's incorrect. The issue is entirely fixable by mtgox.
Mtgox creates a transaction to send money from their own account to someone else's account.
There are lots of ways to then go and look in the blockchain to confirm that the transaction was successful.
Mtgox decided to do that by looking at the Hash. Looking at the hash is NOT one of the ways you can use to confirm a transaction because the hash can be modified. This has been known for months.
@_date: 2014-01-02 19:25:56
Bitcoin isn't going to destroy anything.
Wait for people to come up with actually anonymous transction cryptocurrencies. And then you'll start seeing the government crack down on us.
@_date: 2014-02-10 23:44:54
Bitcoin is run by volunteers. Until you start paying them, you don't get to say what they should or should not do. At best, you get to beg.
So, you want them to make better docs? Start begging.
@_date: 2014-02-10 11:45:06
lol wut? You are so full of shit.
First you make a post saying "This issue seems like a major oversight to the bitcoin infrastructure that is unfixable by Mtgox."
This is completely false because of the "intricacies of technical implementation". So we call you out on being wrong. But it turns out you're just a willful idiot.
@_date: 2014-06-12 14:53:34
Learn to read. "6 percent on paid-in capital stock" has nothing to do with "6% of all money printed since 2013".
To become "member banks/owners" banks must invest a certain percentage of their assets in their regional federal reserve bank.
But regional federal reserve banks aren't like normal companies (and aren't really banks like Chase). They will always give back a (pretty shitty) 6% dividend. That's it. All other profit over that goes straight back to the federal government.
@_date: 2013-06-25 17:40:08
Because they'll lose their house, their car, their couch, etc...
@_date: 2013-05-26 18:25:51
Yes, you're asking the right question. And you'll find that every anarchist will have a different answer. And anarchists are often very smart so their answers can be very complicated, confusing and difficult to get to the bottom of.
Eventually it always comes down to two questions.
1. Assuming people don't magically stop being evil, do you fully understand the results of the type of anarchy you suggest?
2. Would the majority of people, and me (a physically weak, somewhat gullible software developer) be worse off under that system?
In my experience, when the answer is yes to the first question, then it is also yes to the second question.
*Edit added the assuming part to the first question. Anarchists have the tendency to assume everyone magically becomes altruistic when the government is gone.
@_date: 2013-06-25 17:38:19
You've got a dollar in your pocket. Someone owes that dollar to a bank. But dollars are interchangeable so it doesn't necessarily have to be yours.
However, the fact that someone owes a bank the dollar that you have. Doesn't mean that anyone owes you anything. What it means is that they will want that dollar in your pocket so that they can pay back that debt. And that means they'll probably be intent on working for you or giving something to you in order to get that dollar so that they don't lose their house.
@_date: 2013-05-27 08:20:56
If my boss rapes me, and I have proof of it. He goes to jail.
In an anarchic society where you only get to keep what you can protect, then inevitably that will include your basic righgts. And lots of people don't know how to do that.
I'm not saying that the current situation isn't bad. It's just not that bad.
Also, governments provide a service for the money they take. Granted, you have no choice but to purchase this service and the government is so corrupt that you're probably overpaying 2-4 times for it. But you DO get to keep a large portion of the product of your labor. And I believe that that portion is a lot bigger than what you would get to keep under an anarchic society and that moreover, under an anarchic society you just wouldn't be able to get anywhere near as much production out of your labor. So you would be double screwed.
@_date: 2013-06-04 23:06:06
It most certainly does not promote investment.
If your currency gains value at 10% per year. Then you have to find investments that have an ROI of over 15% minimum. Which is really tough to find.
@_date: 2013-08-09 00:10:12
Well at least the author pointed it out as a "contradiction". But he craftily did it in a way that made it sound like he was saying that it was going to become worthless.
And the whole premise of the article: that regulations would increase the cost and complexity of transferring money with bitcoins seems completely wrong.
The decentralized money transmitting protocol is Bitcoin's primary strength.
Converting between Bitcoins and fiat may however get more difficult and expensive.
That said, I'm still not sold on the idea of a currency that's not Debt-based. It just seems to me like it's bound to be extremely unstable and prone to manipulation.
@_date: 2013-11-24 19:18:39
I doubt it, but since it can do away with fully anonymous transactions (which cash transactions are), I understand why they're not tripping over themselves to shut bitcoin down.
@_date: 2013-08-09 00:18:24
That's not the problem with deflationary money.
The problem with deflationary money is that the people who do nothing (e.g. merely hold on to currency) are the ones that reap a significant chunk of the profits from economic growth.
This creates a massive disincentive to innovation. Why invest your money in a new enterprise when it's so much safer and almost as profitable to just hold on to your currency?
That's what is happening with bitcoins right now. The true believers buy and spend. But a large number of people just buy and hold, hoping to receive a massive, undeserved, windfall as bitcoins achieve greater acceptance.
@_date: 2013-06-29 19:55:51
I used to think like that until I realized that bullshitters can spew nice sounding bullshit far faster than fact checkers can debunk.
To make a bad thing worse, the things that bullshitters say get repeated and forwarded constantly. But the reasonable and complicated explanation for why it's bullshit doesn't get repeated.
@_date: 2013-06-13 21:04:37
"USD derive their value from the same source; people". No it doesn't, it derives the greater part of it's value from debt.
Moreover a lot of that debt comes from mortgages. A mortgage is when a bank takes legal ownership of a house and creates money (through fractional reserve banking) equal to the value it took ownership of. And that's what a USD is. A very small slice of a bank. If there's a run on banks, you won't lose all your worth, but you won't be able to get all the USDs out, you'll have to take slices of mortgages instead. It's not convenient, but it's not worthless either.
tl;dr: Every dollar is a small slice of a house with a mortgage on it. Not believing in the value of USD is tantamount in not believing in the value of a houses.
@_date: 2013-06-05 18:12:14
"believing that people won't notice"
The whole point is that people would notice and then decide to use that money and invest it, loan it and/or spend it.
The idea that you're not allowed to stow away worth somewhere (basically stuff that society owes you) without having to work to maintain it is something that makes a lot of sense to me.
If you build a house, you get to use it right away. If you build a house and expect to be able to use it 20 years from now without any kind of maintenance. Then there's something wrong.
If you build a house and sell it then spend the money right away. Then you get a house's worth of stuff. If you build a house and sell it but want to spend the money 20 years from now, then you get less than a house's worth of stuff. And that seems entirely normal to me.
The idea that you can build a house and just sit on the cash for twenty years and then you get to buy a house and get a house's worth of stuff for having done absolutely nothing. That's just wrong.
Now, if you invest your money, then that's something else entirely. That's like building a house, then buying a house's worth of house building materials and tools and then giving that to your friend so he can build a house and then give you back your tools and materials when he's done and then some.
@_date: 2013-06-24 23:26:11
Its only intrinsic value is its use as a way to make payments.
The second the wind changes direction, you'll have a run on bitcoins and its value will drop down to zero.
Despite what many on here seem to believe, this is completely untrue of fiat currencies like the USD. The USD is based on debt. That means every dollar in your pocket is more a less a dollar of debt that someone owe. In short people NEED those dollars in your pocket in order to pay their mortgage. You can stop believing that USDs are worth anything all you want, but those people with mortgages will still be willing to work their ass off for that $100 in your pockets.
Counter argument: There's nothing stopping us from creating a fractional reserve system around bitcoins that would effectively create a currency as debt system. 
@_date: 2013-08-09 00:35:30
The fact that it can be transmitted over the internet without requiring a trusted third party is what gives it value.
The fact that it has a fixed supply is what makes it scarce and drives its value up.
The fact that it is extremely divisible is what helps it maintain it's usefulness even as its value increases.
@_date: 2013-08-09 00:28:43
Also, I'd like to point out that Bitcoins are NOT anonymous.
All transactions are stored through the block chain. This gives the NSA and other governments unprecedented visibility onto peoples transaction. Add to that that a lot of people THINK that it's anonymous, it basically makes Bitcoins a gold mine for governments.
If you're doing something illegal with Bitcoins, you're not getting away with it because the government can't track it down. You're not even getting away with it because the government hasn't bothered to track it down. You're getting away with it because the government doesn't want it known how easy it is to track Bitcoins transactions and they want to snare some really big fish with it before it becomes widespread knowledge.
@_date: 2013-06-05 23:04:00
No you're not really missing anything. Fiat countries have very decent control over the value of their currency. They may have to take drastic actions at times but they usually manage to keep inflation/deflation of the currency at their intended target.
Bitcoin's not going to change that. The blog post seems to be making the ridiculous leap in logic that since the IMF can't control the stability of the Bitcoin's currency then fiat currencies won't be controllable anymore. Which is just not true.
@_date: 2013-06-25 18:25:47
Those people that think that they're holding worthless pieces of paper (or have worthless number in their bank accounts) will quickly get "swindled" by savvy mortgage holders to pay back their mortgage for very little or no work.
This will shrink the money supply until only those who know the real value of USDs will hold it and the value of the USD will be right back to where it was.
In other words, anyone who treats USDs like it's a worthless piece of paper is a sucker. Even if everyone thought their USDs were suddenly worthless, because any one of them could hold on to his USDs and get a full USD's worth (at today's value) of work for every USD he has.
That's how it works in principle. In practice, dollars can be destroyed, or stashed away as though they were destroyed, or brought back into circulation, etc... People can also default from their debt, leaving money in circulation that's not backed by debt anymore. And interests payments and rates have a weird and complicated role in all this that I don't quite understand yet. The point is the USD currency system has a solid foundation to maintain its value and keep it stable, but I think it still requires the fed to keep it under control.
Bitcoins have neither of those things, it doesn't derive intrinsic value from debt and it doesn't have a central authority helping to keep its value in check. 
Now, I'm very much in favor of removing the need for a central authority because "central authorities" tend to get so corrupted that they usually screw you over by about half as much as they help you.
But bitcoins don't do that. They remove the need for a trusted intermediary to transfer value over the internet. But they do not remove the need for a central monetary policy authority.
But that's just theory as far as I know. And as much as I love what Bitcoins stand for and what they can help society achieve. I think putty money into bitcoins is an incredibly big risk.
That said, (and to relate back to your "that said"), bitcoins do have intrinsic value in their ability to transfer value over the internet without a trusted central authority. So I think cryptocurrencies in general are here to stay. But any particular cryptocurrency is at risk to be wiped out by other better currencies. Personally, I hope to see debt backed crypto currencies.
@_date: 2013-05-27 08:14:21
I want to have the freedom to punch people who annoy me. They want the freedom not to get punched.
Some people want the freedom to kill people who tresspass on their property. I want my children to have the freedom to be little twats, shit on the neighbour's porch without getting killed for it (not that they shouldn't still be punished for it).
I'm not equating "freedom" with "assets". I'm equating "freedom" with "power". Because ultimately, that's what freedom is: the power to do whatever you want.
@_date: 2013-06-13 20:55:16
" Everyone could just stop borrowing and any currency held up solely by debt would fail."
Not exactly. The currency wouldn't fail, it would disappear. In theory, the last USD spent to pay back the last USD of debt would still be worth what a USD is worth now (minus inflation which the US has been very good at keeping stable and predictable).
@_date: 2013-12-29 10:44:56
Also, someone with a history of lying or distorting the truth, should be discounted unless at least one other competent person with an opposing position has spent 10 times the resources to discredit him.
It's just too easy to spew out lies, bs and FUD.  Proponents of the truth just aren't going to have the time and energy to systematically refute all the lies.
@_date: 2013-05-23 03:59:35
If the BTCs are inflating, then why hold onto them at all? It's better to loan them out and try to maintain your net worth or even increase it some than to just let BTCs sit and lose value.
And specifically because it's inflating it will be a lot easier for the person you're loaning the BTCs to to turn a profit.
@_date: 2013-05-23 03:41:54
What people keep failing to mention is that, sure the bank doesn't have the apples to back up the IOU's but what it does have is other people's IOU's (in the form of mortgages). And those IOU's have real value, and the exit the metaphore, those IOU's value is even more real than the fiat currency that you're supposed to be owed. In fact those mortgages are the very thing that makes the fiat currency valuable and help stabilize its value.
@_date: 2013-05-26 18:21:28
There's no such thing as complete freedom. Sooner rather than later in order for me to get more freedom, I have to take yours away.
Most anarchists (and that seems to be what you're proposing) seem to think that you only deserve as much freedom as you can figure out how to protect. But that inevitably leads to enslavement where the powerful can enslave the weak, reap benefits from them and grow more powerful.
@_date: 2013-07-07 22:32:16
That was hilarious guys. +1 would read again.
@_date: 2013-05-23 03:51:40
You're not making a fair comparison because no one wants to borrow expanding apples.
When someone borrows something. It's to use them right away. So I borrow 10 small apples. And then next year, I have to give back 11 apples and large ones at that? That's about 2 medium sized apples in interest. There's no way I'd agree to that, my business can't make 12 apples from 10 apples after one year.
But if the apples are shrinking. Then I'd totally agree to give back 12 small apples next year after borrowing 10 large apples. That's one medium sized apple in interest and my business can certainly be that profitable.  Meanwhile, if you're not going to eat your large apples, you'll be a lot more willing to loan them out if you can see them shrinking and loaning them out might net you 1 apple's worth (from 10 large to 12 small).
@_date: 2013-06-05 17:49:52
Nope, you have it the wrong way around.
You need to create a business that has 15% in real profit to get 5% in BTC profit. If your business has 7% in real profit, then you'll run a 3% deficit in BTC. At which point, you begin to question the wisdom of having invested in a company in the first place.
Which is exactly why a deflationary currency discourages investment.
@_date: 2013-11-18 02:38:47
Wow, this is ridiculous.
The entire thing seems to be based on the implied premise that bitcoins value comes from it's use as an alternative if existing financial systems fail.
You've successfully demonstrated that people have an irrational trust in the current financial system.
But none of it explains why bitcoins are defacto more reliable than existing financial systems.
I can only speak for myself, but I suspect I'm not the only one. I don't trust bitcoins. And it's not because I overestimate the financial market's stability. It's simply because I don't trust anything that's supposed to make tons of people rich without them putting real work into it.
That said, crypto currencies are a fantastic idea. I'm just waiting for someone to make one that's stable, inflationary (1-2%), with free and fast (&lt; 30 seconds) verifiable transactions.
I believe such a currency system can exist if we choose to go with a decentralized free market of potentially centrally managed currencies.
Also, I'm really not a big fan of a currency that may cause billions to be spent on energy to meaninglessly compute hashes.
If bitcoins had the market share of the USD. We'd actually end up spending trillions on generating hashes. And to me that's just not acceptable.
I want cryptocurrencies to be successful. But not Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-08-17 12:10:37
If you don't want to lose $180 than why did you put $180 in bitcoins? Bitcoins are an extremely risky "investment".
In fact, you should stay clear of investments altogether. I know you're just 16, but I very strongly recommend spending 5 years  without ever making investements that will bring in more than 5-10% yearly returns and learn to see money as something you work for and store, not as something that you can somehow magically get a huge amount of with little effort just because you were somehow "clever".
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:29:00
It looks like Peercoin's inflation is just an illusion because it is effectively handed out in proportion to the amount of Peercoins you hold.
But I really like the proof of stake concept used to get people who are holding Peercoins to actually perform the work of keeping the network alive in a cost/energy efficient way.
But creating inflation is not going to be that easy. To create inflation, actual wealth needs to be taken from current holders of the currency and has to go somewhere. And that somewhere has to be people who can spend it freely.
As confidence in a currency goes up, so does its market cap worth. For the value a coin to remain stable, you need that increased worth to go into new coins.
But I want more than that. I want it so that if the confidence in the currency goes down, then coins are destroyed.
But you can't have the coins created into or destroyed from normal consumers. The whole point of this is to stabilize a normal consumer's wallet value.
And what I'm thinking of is a kind of secondary market. In this market you can purchase blocks of coins, like I buy coins 1 to 1000 and someone else might have coins 2355 to 9302.
As confidence in the coin goes up new coins are created and given to those that own the appropriate block. So if 3000 coins need to be created to keep the currency stable, then I get 1000 coins and the "someone else" gets 645 coins (coins in block 2355 to 3000).
Then if there a small dip in confidence that requires a contraction of the coin supply (let's say by 300), then the coins are destroyed from the top down. That means "2355 to 3000" guy needs to pay back 300 coins because his 2701 - 3000 block is no longer valid.
Obviously, this is fundamentally flawed for two reasons.
1) If you got coins created from a block that now need to be destroyed, who is going to force you to pay them back? We can't just have the protocol destroy those coins because, in principle they should have already been spent and circulated and we don't want to have color coded coins. Ultimately, it is about trust, and it is about giving certain people permission to buy blocks and forbidding others. There might be ways to somehow semi-decentralize the authorization process. But ultimately, there will be people with "authority" and others without.
2) I want the currency's value to remain stable relative to real wealth, not relative to itself. And that inevitably involves a human authority.
But I think both 1. and 2. can be mitigated through protocol trickery. I also think that including a trading protocol to freely trade between altcoins, vendors should be able to very easily accept payments from any number of altcoins that they consider "trusted" and then immediately convert it and store it using the altcoin that they trust the most.