@_author: pwncore
@_date: 2014-10-27 03:03:28
Based carries a positive connotation in this case fyi.
@_date: 2014-04-10 17:11:41
....there are just over 200 countries in the world iirc.
@_date: 2013-04-06 01:37:22
Well, to be the reasonable opposition I disagree with the sentiment in this thread here. 
This is the pinnacle of human social progression, we *pretend* that we are an open and honest society where ideas are given a platform to stand on - regardless of their current establishment. 
People are going to be offended, people are not going to want to hear the ideas this man has to offer. Fuck them.
I know I'm preaching to the choir but those who created this wave, the ideas and society that is the fringe that created this whole thing *Deserves* to have its shady subculture forced into the mainstream. The bitcoin is only a small piece of an ideology who's time may have come. The far left has tried to push it's way into the mainstream many times in history and here it is again, in all its splendor and genius - and you want to reduce it's message and separate its pieces because it might offend the comfortable capitalist masses who've never been exposed to these things?
Fuck that. 
I for one hope truly that the left rises up, that capitalism and all it's evil cronies fall, for better or worse - and that it starts with people giving the big fuck you to traditional standards and social customs. 
Anarchists started this and now you want to marginalize them so that the fucking suits aren't offended and you can continue to live your comfortable lives of exploitation?
Fuck that Amir - get the message out as hard and fast as you can before those who fear change force you back into the fringe, and slap some shitty corporate SEO Ivy league advertising / marketing shill into your shoes. 
@_date: 2013-03-27 00:56:20
Because on smaller subs where people still want to maintain a high degree of intellectual stimulation to fluff ratio in the comments posts that don't contain thought provoking content (or highly entertaining content) are downvoted. 
@_date: 2013-03-27 02:10:57
Yes, someone coming from a forum style community might find themselves at odds, the general trend is 'put up or shut up' in regards to posting. IE: Say something meaningful or something original or don't speak. 
Very harsh, yet with a community of this size when you get into a thread on a popular sub it's mostly wading through shitty posts that repeat themselves. At the bottom of everythread are the posts that say nonsense or 'this', 'I agree', 'Upboat' and so on. 
