@_author: px1999
@_date: 2013-03-23 22:42:58
This is my first post in though I have been sitting on the sidelines for a fair while, so this could hopefully be useful to someone as an outsider's opinion.  Anyways, highly uneducated thoughts follow - I'm certain that I'm naive and oversimplifying things but am really interested in knowing if I am being unrealistic so please reply if you disagree with any of what I say...  Personally, I don't see there being a predictable event that causes a crash, just an increasing amount of friction that (if not managed) could start to get people to sell off causing a crash...
The way I see it, the two main roles of a currency are to be a store of value and a medium of exchange.  Bitcoin is IMO okay (but not great) at both, but its downfall is that the two uses can be decoupled.  Personally, I see this as the biggest risk of a crash.
If you treat a currency as a store of value, you have to have confidence that in a week it will be worth around what it is today.  Given the meteoric rise of the price of BTC over the past few weeks, is *anyone* able to say with certainty that the only place to go is up?  Okay, it might not go up right away, but how far could it go down?  Sure, non-cryptocurrencies are subject to these forces as well, though they have obvious indicators and move more slowly.  Hyperdeflation results in less spending, hoarding, and lower prices.  Having debt in a currency that's suffering hyperdeflation is a very bad thing (so conducting business with Bitcoin is difficult at this stage).
Bitcoin at the moment is being treated in the same way as an investment.  A week from now, it might be $100USD or it might be $50 (or something else).  You only hold bitcoin if you trust that it's a good investment and that the value will go up.  Eventually, if it becomes a good store of value, you'd only hold it if you trust that the price would stay the same or go up.  You'd only take out a loan in it if you trust that the price will remain somewhat stable.
On the other hand, if you're treating it as a medium of exchange, you don't need to have any trust in the market.  As a seller, you can set your price in whatever currency you account against (eg USD) and peg it to the spot price (with some additional margin for volatility based on how long it's going to take you to convert BTC to your currency).  As a buyer, you (in theory) should be able to purchase your BTC immediately before performing your transaction as well.  In this case as well, volatility in the market is a very bad thing.
I understand that the above doesn't entirely hold if you treat it both as a store of value as well as a medium of exchange, but I'm not so sure that there are too many people out there earning, saving and spending in bitcoins.  If you hold bitcoin but don't spend it, you're relying on it being useful as a medium of exchange for its value.  If you accept bitcoin as a medium of exchange, you rely on it being a decent store of value (at least between when you purchase or sell another currency or goods or services with it).  The fact that there's a disconnect between the two roles indicates to me that the market is fragile.  If too many people hoard, bitcoins are difficult/expensive to obtain, the price skyrockets and so no one wants to part with them causing a bubble.  If friction becomes low enough and too many people keep shifting money into/out of the market, the price will be far more subject to variation.  If friction stays high, it's easier to use other currencies unless you have a specific reason for using a semi-anonymous cryptocurrency for your purchase.
Also a random grab-bag of thoughts on the friction:
* Widespread adoption is blocked by fear, uncertainty and doubt.  I've spent a bit of time trying to dabble in bitcoin (unsuccessfully each time) - I tried mining a little a couple of times (as a result of the latest, I have 0.02BTC that I can't transfer from a mining pool), I looked briefly at faucets (which seem to be a complete waste of time), I looked at buying a coin or two on an exchange (it's a far more difficult process than it should be, and even more reputable vendors seem to have problems [coinbase most recently]), I looked at buying locally (though it seems seedy to swap cash for coins at eg a train station [though I have found one or two reputable looking sellers in my area who I might approach at some point soon]).  I don't mind throwing some money at it to check out (I *want* to get some coins), but it's currently a complex and time consuming process to get bitcoins and to get them the "right" way without getting ripped off on transaction fees or spending hours jumping through hoops.
* It's difficult and expensive to get currency in / out of bitcoin.  I can perform forex conversions with a ~1.5% fee, with no daily limit.  I'm not entirely sure what you actually wind up paying to get other currencies in/out of bitcoin via an exchange like mtgox (I see 3.45% discounted from 3.95% on their site) or coinbase (it's 1% each way there?), but looking at localbitcoins.com, it's &gt;5%, plus I have to actually meet someone or reach out to them.
* How will the technologically inept use it?  Will they use a wallet provider?  If not, what happens when they (invariably) get a virus that empties their wallet?  Not being able to reverse transactions is a good design feature, but eventually that's going to be a sticking point.
All that said, I'm quite optimistic.  Bitcoin is an interesting concept at an interesting time.