@_author: px302
@_date: 2016-11-12 03:31:36
I don't know about that.  First off, everything that *can* be mined with a GPU *is* being mined with a GPU.  OpenCL programmers are all around these days, and nearly everything has highly optimized mining kernels before launch.
Second, Monero and Dash are right about the size (marketcapwise) that Bitcoin was when ASICs started coming out, and Ethereum is much larger.
Remember that Bitcoin's PoW is in the SHA family, and one of the requirements of SHA is that's it's extremely cheap to implement in hardware, which is great for things like smartcards etc, but sort of the exact opposite of what you want in a PoW algorithm.
I mined bitcoin back in the CPU days, and it's crazy to think that during the first massive bitcoin spike to 30 when the silkroad wired article came out, everyone was already mining with GPUs, and a while world of GPU miners maxed out at about 14th/s, and now I've got two breadbox sized miners in my garage that are each faster.
@_date: 2016-11-12 02:53:57
Are you aware of the Password Hashing Competition?
A few years ago there was a NIST style competition specifically for designing algorithms that are easy for CPUs, and very expensive to implement in specialized hardware, especially GPUs.
A number of these algorithms have made their way into various altcoins, so their strength as a cryptocoin PoW has been tested fairly extensively.
One really interesting solution to the centralized mining problem is implemented in Myriadcoin.  They have five PoW algorithms with floating difficulty.  Two are ASIC friendly, specifically the same PoW as used in Bitcoin and Litecoin (you can also merge mine with Bitcoin and Litecoin).  Two algorithms are GPU friendly, and one (yescrypt) is heavily CPU friendly.
The awesome thing here is that if a botnet comes along and starts mining the shit of the yescrypt PoW, difficulty will increase for only that algorithm, such that it can never take more than 1/5th of the mining power of the network.  To pull of a 51% attack, you would need both botnets **and** ASIC farms, and there are very few threat actors that can pull that off.
I highly doubt Bitcoin will ever go multi-PoW, but it would be a good solution that would avoid completely screwing over existing miners, while at the same time democratizing hash power, which is nice.