@_author: pyrolizard11
@_date: 2018-01-17 20:01:15


So not at all.  What a perfect way to sum it up.
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:47:54


First, that isn't the only utility of gold by a long shot.
Second, while both Bitcoin and gold are finite, gold has the advantage of actually being unique in its properties.  I can make an exact duplicate of Bitcoin called Schmidtcoin and the only difference is who's using it and what people will pay for it, where you aren't making a metal that's identical to gold in every way but name and popularity.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:06:05
It can be when the law specifically requires intent to break.
"I didn't know I needed to report this," is a perfectly serviceable defense to being accused of intentionally concealing one's wealth - it can't have been intentionally concealed from a report if one didn't know it needed to be reported.
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:00:45


Those would be liberals.  Classical liberals.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:16:36
It is worth noting, most laws which factor in *mens rea* - intent to commit the crime - also apply the reasonable person standard - that is, whether a reasonable person in the defendant's situation would understand that what was done was illegal.
The law is more nuanced than many people give credit for.
@_date: 2019-03-19 17:47:17


Not at all - one is a result of the other, and when you have more than enough to provide all your needs and it's appreciating generously while sitting idle, you provide no demand for any goods or services with it.  Your currency is as good as gone from the economy, where circulated among forty other people it would still be serving its purpose and allowing people the liquidity to satisfy their own demand.


And again, the problem is when hoarders stop buying because they have no reason to.  That's what inflation is intended to provide, an incentive to buy things.


...you do understand that bank accounts and CDs aren't literally stacks of dollars growing in a vault?  That the money spent on and put into them is then recirculated until the owner calls it in?  That the only reason anybody would use savings accounts and CDs is because they're productive assets that help at least keep pace with inflation, and that if their wealth was already growing without risk of default they would have no need for them?  That checking accounts are altogether obsolete with Bitcoin, which inherently provides for convenient and secure money transfer?  That they're all meaningfully different from personally holding these dollars and keeping them from circulating in the economy?


Let's see it, then.  I imagine you're going to have a hard time finding a comparable economy that doesn't experience inflation in some form, given that no economy in the history of the world has ever had a fixed, finite money supply in the way Bitcoin presents, but let's see that data.


Except *we have more than necessities*.  If necessities and debt were the only things driving the economy, we would never have progressed except in utilitarian ways that eased our lives.  Instead, because humanity wants more than gruel for breakfast and beans for dinner, because we aren't robots content to do nothing but tedious work and sleep, luxuries are a major driver of our economy as well.
No, you've missed a step here.  The debt exists because there is demand for more than the necessities, because they do see returns above inflation, even though such luxuries are the first to go when the economy falters and as people can't afford them for lack of currency to spend.
@_date: 2019-03-17 01:26:37
You've got it more or less exactly, yeah.  Prior to the innovation of fiat currencies, if supply of your chosen commodity ran low, you just started debasing it, and that's in many ways worse than inflation.
@_date: 2019-03-17 19:56:47


That's not a tangent, it's the entire point.  When Bitcoin inevitably deflates to the point of unusability, people *will* use something else as currency.  There's nothing about Bitcoin that makes it unique, and where gold at least can't have an exact replica in virtually every way to compete with it, Bitcoin can.




Then they'll burn it all down, further deflating Bitcoin and as a result increasing the value of what they have.  It doesn't even necessarily matter whether they have your Bitcoin, only that they have some and that you now have less.  That's another advantage gold has over Bitcoin - the supply, while effectively fixed, also effectively can't decrease.
@_date: 2019-03-20 02:31:09
Ooh, I love this word association game.  Fetish.
Now, seriously, feel free to make a cogent point at any time.  I've been giving you specific questions regarding the necessity of inflation and about investment - debt by another name - without it, and you've done nothing but dodge them.
@_date: 2019-03-16 22:53:52
You seem to misunderstand, the liquidity of the USD is a function of its inflationary nature.  People spend it because there's no reason not to - it's strictly worse to hold it over long periods because it *will* lose some value while you do.
@_date: 2019-03-17 06:53:21
Except it does.  If you have an ounce of silver and divide it into ten dimes, you have a dollar.  If you, instead, divide it into twenty dimes, you now have two dollars.  The *value* of a dollar goes down until deflation kicks back in, but the *supply* of dollars goes up.
Compare to Bitcoin, where the minimum division has value X.  You further increase the divisibility, now the minimum division has value X/Y, and the value will trend back up to X as it's made scarce again.
@_date: 2019-03-17 00:21:42
That's, again, exactly the point.  From a societal standpoint, we don't want to encourage people to take currency out of circulation because that causes deflation and illiquidity.  If you want $20 of value in the long term, what you do is buy an asset which is unlikely to depreciate and let the money keep circulating.
@_date: 2019-03-20 01:52:13


No, currency buys things.  Occasionally people with currency will lend it to people without in order for those without to buy things, creating debt for the borrower in return for greater wealth for the lender in the future.  Inflation incentivizes this process, and deflation defeats it entirely - again, why would I lend to you, who might default, when my wealth will grow risk-free otherwise?


Really now?  Given you've made no effort to refute anything I said, I'd love to see those sources.  I won't hold my breath, though, because I'm still waiting on this mythical economy that worked with a Bitcoin equivalent.
Heads up, even commodity systems of the past needed inflation to function.  That's what mining and debasement *were*.
@_date: 2019-03-18 18:01:28
Now take all the commodity currencies through history, in all their denominations, and tell me their average lifespan.  Like the dollar, some will have lasted quite a long time, but you'll also get plenty of insular and trade currencies that lasted no time at all.
At the end of the day, it doesn't matter that you can audit Bitcoin if you, and most people, have none because it's all been hoarded.
@_date: 2019-03-17 06:31:49
You got it in one.  When the demand for currency exceeded the supply to the point where your average person couldn't get hold of it, two things could happen.  People could use different currencies, and/or the central authority could debase the standard currency, reducing its size or purity.  As you could expect, these both caused problems.
@_date: 2019-03-18 02:41:15


Except they are, just like fiat.  I know that's a hard pill to swallow for you.


And?  I'm waiting for the point here - it doesn't matter if Citcoin doesn't go in your Bitcoin wallet, because your Citcoin wallet is just the same.


Again, excellent examples.  People will happily trade in reprint comic books and hinged stamps because they want/need it for themselves but can't afford first editions and MNH, making them as worthless to the average person as if they didn't exist.
I get the feeling we're going to be right back at you saying your own example should be ignored in short order, though.


And again, your point?  All you're saying is what I've been trying to tell you, but one step back.  Bitcoin has value now because people want to use it as a currency and asset.  There's nothing about it over Citcoin that makes it that way, only that people have already bought in, and once it's no longer useful as a currency because too many people have hoarded too much of it as an asset, it will be dropped in favor of another currency.  Hopefully not Citcoin, because Citcoin will hit the same issue down the road, being identical and all.


And it's really not.  Well, atoms are, obviously, but excessively low purity isn't, which is exactly why low purity commodity currency has been used throughout history.  And Britain still ran out of silver, literally the most abundant precious metal.  That actually brings us to our next point,


This is called debasement of the currency, the division of the same amount of the commodity among more pieces than previous.  It's been a thing almost literally forever, and while it temporarily increases liquidity and reduces the value of the minimum denomination, deflation always catches back up as more is lost and hoarded.  All debasing the currency ultimately does in this case is remove the effective ceiling on the Bitcoin's value and increase the hoarders' wealth even further, and in fact it allows them to leverage their ever greater wealth as a proportion of the overall currency supply to hoard and deflate it even faster.  It just kicks the can down the road.  There's only one way to solve the issue, replacing the monetary standard.
@_date: 2019-03-19 02:21:31
It becomes an issue when you *don't have any/enough currency to spend*.  That's the lack of liquidity causing the crisis.  The hoarders - the ones who have taken it out of circulation because it appreciates risk-free, the only ones left with any substantial amount of currency - get off better than most in this type of crisis, at least until they're strung up or the monetary standard changes.  It's literally everybody else that gets fucked.
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:42:20


Which is good, but only really kicks the can down the road.


It very much does.  Increase the divisibility of Bitcoin and you effectively multiply the value of the hoard as well as what can be hoarded.  And you're right, it isn't the same as inflation because Bitcoin will basically never experience that, but a fundamentally unlimited supply makes it every bit as arbitrary as fiat.
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:16:15
Of course inflation detracts from the value of a currency, higher inflation means less demand.  A currency that's valuable and appreciating has too much demand and is hoarded, losing liquidity.  This is, again, the entire point of a fiat currency.


Let's be clear, there is no law saying you must accept USD except to satisfy debt.  Merchants can refuse the USD at will.  It's only legislated value otherwise is, as you say, tax payment.  And while that provides some of the value of the USD, most is dictated by its government backing and controlled but steady supply allowing demand.  To go back to the Bolivar, it didn't matter that it was widespread and could pay taxes.


And that's my point.  Bitcoin is in many ways, at it's core, just as arbitrary as fiat.  There is no unique characteristic of Bitcoin that makes it useful as a currency, it isn't even meaningfully finite like real commodities.  In many ways it's the worst of all worlds.
@_date: 2019-03-17 01:20:08
Bitcoins volatility is one facet of why it's a bad currency, but not the one at hand.  And yes, gold is pretty freaking volatile - consider, twenty years ago it was ~$250/troy ounce, eight years ago it was nearly $1900/troy ounce, and today it's back down to ~$1300/troy ounce.  Not Bitcoin level of volatility, but definitely not G5 currency stable, either.
Let me ask you, what incentive do the governments have for gold not being a currency?  It's just as valuable as currency as it is as an asset, so why would they prefer it isn't a currency?
It goes right back to a lack of liquidity.  When the finite supply of gold is hoarded as a store of value, by governments or otherwise, it stops being an effective currency.  Gold is a fine asset, though nonproductive, but because it's such a fine asset it becomes a bad currency.
@_date: 2019-03-17 21:01:16


You were making an analogy of Bitcoin to paintings, which holds up when viewing both as investments, but also illustrates perfectly why neither are good currency.


Again, yes, exactly like that.  And that's, again, part of the reason we don't and shouldn't use either as currency.


And there is consensus as to the value of a Rembrandt, but not as to its use as currency because genuine Rembrandts are so scarce, as Bitcoin will eventually be as a deflationary currency.


Still gold.  Humanity can't make significantly more, and we can't destroy any significant amount either.


And elements are similarly divisible, and yet Britain still nearly ran the fuck out of silver once upon a time.  This isn't a purely hypothetical issue, it's a real thing that, while historically fairly easy to avoid, requires frequent changes to the monetary system that Bitcoin can't readily provide for in order to do so.
@_date: 2019-03-17 07:36:18


That would be investment.  The purchase of assets is investment.  They no longer have the money, it's now circulating in the wider economy.  Yes, there will be an accumulation of assets, but those assets still need to be sold to become liquid again, and we solve the problem of asset accumulation by way of effective graduated taxation and antitrust laws.


And that's great, right up until you can't get enough to spend.  We call that a liquidity crisis.
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:05:47


Worldwide currencies and goods are both worth considerably less than in America, not exactly comparable.


Countries the world over recognize the value of assets as a store of wealth.  What's the statistic, something like 10% of the gold ever mined is owned by Indian housewives?


Inflation is theft from all in the interest of a well functioning society, much like taxation.
@_date: 2019-03-17 01:47:53
The currency was silver.  The British Pound Sterling, at the time, but China didn't particularly care what it was called, it was silver and it was very much global.  I'm not an economist or a historian, I can't say what the stock to flow ratio of the £ was leading up to the First Opium War.  What I can say is that Britain ran the fuck out of silver buying Chinese goods, and started smuggling opium in to China to buy it back.
@_date: 2019-03-17 00:44:49


*And* because it's more valuable to them at the time than the prospective future value of the money they would spend.
What you need to understand is that we need a function system before we worry about morality.  I agree, inflation is generally bad, but it's strictly better than the consequences of deflation.


You're confusing liquidity with value.  The liquidity of any currency is a function of inflation, which is a result of supply, and demand.  A currency's liquidity is high when there's no reason to hold but a ready set of buyers.  The value of a currency is a result of its stability and demand, meaning it's typically higher in centralized currencies with a strong backing.  The Bolivar is illiquid because demand is low due to a lack of stability brought by a strong backing.


And because they can be bought and spent.  If they're all hoarded and your average person can't get hold of one, they're as good as a Bolivar to us.  Money you can't get is no better than money you can't spend.


I was actually talking about the intangible nature of data.  Precious metals you can at least respect that they're real and unique.  Once the gold runs out, you either need to start doing nuclear transmutation or mining asteroids to get more.  If all the Bitcoins in the world are lost, though, you just make Citcoin, then Ditcoin, then Eitcoin, because while the supply of Bitcoin is currently finite, the nature of Bitcoin as data is arbitrary.  It shares that with fiat currency, actually.
In a way, Bitcoin is something like the ultimate expression of consumer culture.  You're literally paying exclusively for a brand.  The product isn't unique, doesn't actually exist in any tangible way, and isn't backed by anybody or anything, but people still buy it because of the brand.  It's kind of fascinating from a social standpoint.
@_date: 2019-03-17 04:19:11


Liquidity!  The prevention of a liquidity crisis.  Full circle, isn't it?


Multiple commodity systems don't require third parties, they're just inconvenient and still deflationary.


You say the Bitcoin replicas, identical in every way but name, wouldn't be accepted.  It would.  Nobody transacts in a Rembrandt because it's too rare and valuable, but we frequently deal in lesser art and prints of Rembrandts.


You can stash $10MM in gold somewhere, too, but you'd be just as much a fool.  You always have the choice, it's just almost always a bad idea.  The issue isn't the form, it's the value.
@_date: 2019-03-18 00:57:21


I'm not evading the point, I'm telling you it doesn't matter to the people who need them that they're not called the same, that they don't have the same pedigree, because they're identical in every other way.


Look, I agree with you.  The painting at least exists and has aesthetic value.  But it fit well enough when you brought it up that I ran with it.


Yes, they are.  Every precious metal is divisible into more discrete units than Bitcoin.  I give you that they're harder for any given individual to verify, and that has nothing to do with their divisibility and makes no difference with regard to, again, running out of them.  Gold, silver, Bitcoin, all with a finite supply and all to be hoarded means that at some point there will not be enough to go around as currency.  Liquidity always has been and always will be an issue with a commodity currency.
@_date: 2019-03-16 18:54:09
That's the point of a fiat currency.  You're not supposed to store your wealth in currency, hoarding it to yourself and taking it out of circulation, you're supposed to store it in assets, productive or otherwise.  Inflation in this case is a feature, not a bug.
@_date: 2019-03-16 21:47:55
What I'm saying is that people can and will hoard Bitcoin because there's a large incentive not to spend it, and that makes Bitcoin a terrible currency.  As an asset, it's fine, although I would still argue that either tangible or productive assets are more worthwhile than intangible commodities, but no matter how you slice it Bitcoin is not comparable to the USD.
@_date: 2019-03-17 03:25:40
Ah, what a convincing counterargument.  I can walk you through mine if you like.
Bitcoin is a deflationary currency, its value increases over time.  When we hit the smallest division, we hit a limit on how much it can be worth as a currency.  Too much to be really useful, but a limit, because a currency that doesn't circulate is no currency and will be replaced.  However, if we make it more divisible, while the aggregate value stays the same right now, it can see even more deflation and still be used as a currency, right down to the new minimum division.  In doing this we've allowed the appreciation of all the hoards of previously amassed Bitcoin by as many times as you've made it divisible.
EDIT: I realized I forgot to give you the name of this phenomenon.  This is called debasement, and it was a problem with real commodity currency just as much as it would be with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-03-17 03:27:29
It's that also, and the example given was the USD.
I can repeat myself if you like, but I'd recommend you just reread the second paragraph of my last reply.
@_date: 2019-03-16 22:41:36
No, keeping all but a small amount of what's supposed to be currency in vaults, letting it sit and appreciate without circulating and contributing to the economy like currency should = gaining undue wealth and breaking the system outright.  The currency then fails and is replaced by something people can actually use in trade, ideally something that isn't subject to a liquidity crisis in the same way.
@_date: 2019-03-21 04:04:01
And you've provided no empirical evidence for yours.  Mine actually explains the economy, yours gets as far as 'debt buys things' and 'inflation was invented because evil Fed' before falling off a cliff - currency buys things, and inflation has existed for as long as currency due to, say it with me, supply(mining, in the case of commodities) and debasement.
Again, seriously, feel free to make a point.  Provide any sources you like, literally any of the huge amount of data you claim exists to back you up and knock me down.  I'll take even a single example of a functioning economy with a Bitcoin analogue and we can go from there - hell, even just make a logical argument against mine.  You keep saying you have, but so far all you've actually had to say is, "You're wrong, here's my half-understanding of economics and my conspiracy theory."  That isn't a logical argument, an example, or any kind of data, it's just nonsense.
@_date: 2019-03-17 04:21:30
The rich are very concerned with inflation, that's why they invest and give out loans.  If they could, they would stow the money away and keep growing it with no risk, but inflation prevents that.  That they don't pay tax is an issue we need to solve, but tangential to the question at hand.
@_date: 2019-03-17 20:00:42
Yeah, not especially.  Mostly because I don't speak German, so while I could speculate what arguments they might make, it would just be strawmen.  I say again that, while capitalism is the current framework within which we express our greed, our greed and the problems it causes long predate the concept of capitalism.
@_date: 2019-03-17 07:30:02


They very much do - of currency, at least, which is the goal.


Right, which keeps the currency circulating as is desired.  People aren't literally shoving it into their mattress, never to see the light of day again, they're exchanging it for goods and services, assets and investments, because it loses value in their mattress.


That's the entire point of inflation, to create credit.  Why would I loan you X when you might lose it all and it'll be worth X+10 tomorrow anyway?  I wouldn't, I would play it safe and take the no-risk guaranteed growth, letting its value compound and accruing more as I'm able and shelling out progressively less and less.  But this hoarding and ever increasing centralization of wealth creates a liquidity crisis - regardless of your thoughts on the idea of monetary velocity, there needs to be enough currency circulating for the average person to spend for an economy to function with that currency.
@_date: 2019-03-20 02:16:34


In a way, sure.  That's kind of the point of commodity currency - no debt, just valuable assets to trade.  If you have ten thalers of silver, nobody owes you anything and there is no debt, you're just holding an asset worth its weight in as-pure silver.  That's also why it ultimately fails, it brings no incentive to create debt and every incentive to hoard currency.


I'm still waiting.  You can repeat yourself until you're blue in the face - sore in the wrist? - but until you actually make a point of substance or provide a source you're just in denial.
@_date: 2019-03-17 19:33:51
You've literally made my argument for me, except you missed one key detail - liquidity crises can occur in non-fractional reserve systems, and especially within commodity currency systems where there is a fundamentally finite supply of currency that can ever circulate.
@_date: 2019-03-17 07:21:50
The rich still need to loan it out and invest it if they want to at least break even with inflation, which involves recirculating the currency and a chance of loss for them.
Bitcoin, as a deflationary currency, has none of that risk.  They'll hoard Bitcoin and then just let the value grow in their wallets, because they have no reason not to.  And because Bitcoin is finite, eventually there won't be enough for any amount of people to effectively transact with, making it worthless as a currency.
@_date: 2019-03-17 05:11:27
Good rebuttal.  Let me know when you actually have an argument.
@_date: 2019-03-17 05:10:38


Nor would your actual wallet accept Euros or Reimibi unless you chose to.


Forgery was never the issue here.  If you're concerned with forgery, we can digitalize the dollar just fine - and basically have.


Yes, that would be the reason it's deflationary, and even then that's still completely arbitrary.  For example, another Bitcoin supporter made a comment suggesting Bitcoin be divided, debased, once inflation has increased its value and hoarding has created such scarcity that even the smallest units aren't effectively usable as currency.  The simple fact that this can happen, that not only can the supply be arbitrarily increased, but that the currency market can be fractured like that, makes Bitcoin similarly arbitrary to fiat with all the disadvantages of commodity currency on top.


Except you don't, the software does.  If you want to change that, you do have the power to change the software out for an otherwise identical copy, but then you have *coin rather than Bitcoin, which brings us back to Citcoin.


No, supply and demand together with the limits in place will affect the inflation rate, just as it does with every other currency.  The limits on Bitcoin, the algorithms of its generation and transfer, just so happen to mean it will always trend to deflation.


Listen, I'm all for sticking it to the man.  I'm a FLOSS nerd, I support strong gun rights, and I'm probably one of the closest thing you'll find to a socialist while still supporting a capitalist system - but this is one place it doesn't work.  As much as I don't like it, the man in this case serves a very important purpose that's kind of vital to society.  A lot like the tax man, actually.
@_date: 2019-03-17 19:22:11


Except, it is.  The value of bread is that it has nutritional content.  The value of currency is only that it has value, and in the case of a deflationary currency making further divisions - debasing the currency - increases the supply of the minimum division while decreasing its value until deflation happens again.


That's great, but the trick is that once you've changed it, it's no longer the same software.  You can make any changes you like to Bitcoin, but then it's not Bitcoin anymore.


Again, there needs to be an incentive to spend one's currency or else it does not function as currency.  If the currency is finite it will deflate, constantly appreciating, and those with more than they need will never spend it, will continue to hoard more and more, until there literally isn't enough in circulation to be useful as a currency.  The only solution at that point is to either change monetary systems or to debase the currency, which only kicks the can down the road while it continues to deflate and hoarders continue to accumulate more.


You're right, we fundamentally disagree here.  I believe things like taxation and inflation are necessary for a well functioning society, where you believe that an angry mob won't happily disregard the old system when the other option is to suffer en masse - which is exactly what happened to get us here.
@_date: 2019-03-17 07:52:17
Look, it's three in the morning, I've wasted my entire free day commenting on and replying to a shitpost on a subreddit I don't even usually go to that's full of people who need an Econ 101 course, and I'm fucking exhausted for it.  I don't have it in me right now to explain why the fiscal equivalent to anarchy is asinine.
We disagree, and we're evidently not going to convince each other.  Allow me to leave you with some words of wisdom in response to your last paragraph - welcome to democracy, either get used to it, convince enough people to change it, or get out.  Now, again, I wish you the best.
@_date: 2019-03-17 07:54:19
A system where the wealthy are incentivized to invest in anything that will preserve or grow their wealth, rather.
@_date: 2019-03-17 19:30:40


How?  How do you increase liquidity using a finite, and in fact ultimately decreasing, currency supply?


Sure, but you can't both rely on a Rembrandt as an investment and use Rembrandts as your everyday unit of transaction - there's either such a limited supply of Rembrandts as to be a worthwhile investment, or there's such an abundance as to make them not worth holding.


Good luck to any thief trying to walk off with $10MM, 440 of gold when they could just swipe a piece of paper.
@_date: 2019-03-18 19:14:30
A liquidity crisis is any shortage of crucial liquidity.  What you're describing is one type, more abstracted, and another more direct type is when there literally isn't enough currency circulating in the market to facilitate transactions.
@_date: 2019-03-18 20:07:34


Very good, yes.  It's necessary inflationary policy when deflation has made a currency unusable, and it's at best a crutch due to the nature of deflationary currency.  Policy can only take you so far against reality.


No, I'm making a statement of possession.  I don't care whether you consider it rightful or not, you have taken the currency out of the market by hoarding it.  This breaks the system - it can't be currency if you're the only one who has and can use it, no matter how you got it.


I'm promoting the incentivization of circulating currency, and its gradual devaluation is an unfortunate necessity to that end.


Look, I don't know what tale you think you wrote, but that message isn't in there.


The token printer has Suzie's consent by her deposit of apples in return for their tokens.  If Suzie wanted a better store of value that was less cumbersome, she could have traded her apples directly for something more valuable per unit volume that wasn't meant to be circulating currency.  In a well-functioning economy she could also could have taken the tokens she was given and immediately turned around to buy the same, but given you've made up a story about hyperinflation, that would still be foolish.




In what way?  I've made my money on Bitcoin six times over already - Ethereum, too, though less so.  I *am* one of the prospective hoarders.  I don't care to use it as currency because it's unsuited to the task as a highly speculative and fundamentally limited commodity, and I don't care to hold it currently because I have more productive investments, but I'm happy to take it on as an asset when I feel it makes sense.  I'll be happy speculate and buy back in if it should ever look like it's gaining widespread recognition again.  I'm just also not so much a fool as to put my eggs in one basket, or to consider an egg a dollar.
@_date: 2019-03-17 03:12:17


More relevant is a general lack of wealth and value of production.  The currencies aren't weak by some worldwide conspiracy, most of these countries just don't produce valuable goods in high demand.


The USD *can be* an asset to people who don't use it as a currency.  Anything can be.  However, its use as an asset does not trump its intent as a currency.  It's unfortunate that some people have little to no wealth to store and we as humanity should be looking to solve that, but America is not obligated to destroy its monetary policy for their sake.


You're confusing cause and effect.  That well-performing economies typically see low to negative inflation in their currency can reflect that the economy and demand for the currency are growing, not that deflation is good.  The general monetary policy is still inflationary, and that policy prevents the currency from becoming scarce in the growing economy even when demand temporarily exceeds new supply.
If you want an example of deflationary policy, look at what happened to 1990's Japan.  I'll save you the trouble if you like - *very bad time*.
@_date: 2019-03-18 17:56:37


Oh thank god, I thought you might actually be so far gone that you didn't understand first grade math.


And it does, but that never solves the ultimate problem of deflation.  Debasement of commodity currencies has been done almost since their invention, and while it temporarily solves the issue of liquidity, it actually accelerates the further concentration of wealth and deflation of the currency, ultimately requiring a replacement of the monetary standard.


This entire story was nothing but a tale of the necessity of verifiably creditable borrowers and controlled interest and inflation rates, not a return to deflationary currency.


Maybe you're not understanding here.  You need food, drink, and shelter.  I don't decide that, your body does.  You can make more than enough for those, and as a society we should strive for that, but those are necessities.  However, the issue comes in when there's a finite amount of currency to be had, and you've taken all of it.  Now everybody else is left without currency.  Yes, we can debase the currency, and all that does is allow you to grow your wealth further without any meaningful contribution or production - it sits in your account and multiplies in value because deflation will happen no matter how finely you divide the commodity, and you gradually keep removing more from circulation as it does.


Alright, we got first grade math down, I guess we need to move on to first grade reading skills.
I said nothing about you regarding taxation.  What I *did* say is that I consider your ideas about inflationary monetary policy equally ridiculous as ancaps' ideas about taxation.


And ours is, so long as the people actually take an interest in exerting their will in their own best interests.  But they largely don't concern themselves, consistently less than half even vote, much less in their own interests, and so the government is run by representatives of those who participate.  It's far more totalitarian to take away people's choice to participate in their government than it is for their government to work to the ends of those who do.


The government also has to be able to weather temporary shifts in opinion rather than changing course every week.  What's the old saying, a good plan started now is better than the best plan too late?  The majority of people disagree with our war in the Middle East now, when it's a bit too late to pull out completely without causing even further issues, but remember, it had major public support at the start of things.


I'm glad you at least acknowledge as much.  If this is where you want to end it, I hope you have a lovely day.
@_date: 2019-03-17 06:09:46


I did say the extreme, did I not?  I was under the impression that the extremes weren't all the options.


The purpose of inflationary policy isn't necessarily to make assets productive, only to keep the currency circulating.  The productivity of the assets happens because otherwise they store no wealth and one would be better off having kept the inflating currency.  Hoarding of assets is an issue, yes, but one more easily solved than hoarding of currency.


Yes, a lack of regulation.  That the banks freed to set their own interest rates and so give highly uncreditable individuals loans, and then allowed to do it with Joe Schmoe's savings, was largely the problem.  Amazingly, before the regulations against that were repealed, it hadn't happened.


Alright, then we disagree and the fallacy of the middle ground is still wrong.  There is no advantage to a free-for-all monetary policy, it's all scrip at that point.


Solve it?  No, you can't ever solve wealth centralization, all you can do is control it.  I thought I was clear about that.  Governments which are captured by the wealthy accelerate the centralization of wealth, and therein lies half the problem - preventing regulatory capture.  Easier said than done, I'm sure you agree.


Probably because they're not able to form without the type of excessive wealth backing them that also enables regulatory capture.


Maybe you misunderstood.  Fiat was successful because of the strong backing it had from the government, no doubt, but the reason for its implementation was to get away from all the flaws inherent in commodity currency - deflation, debasement, and eventual replacement with new monetary systems, frequently with the same commodities all over again.


I suppose that depends on how you define government and private sector, which gets quite fuzzy when you go back far enough, but sure.


They aren't, which is why they successfully do away with most of them altogether.  Sometimes the answer to a question is that you started from the wrong place in asking.


The problem here is that people don't have to do that every time they make a purchase, nor can they defer to experts in the same way as they do in investments when they just want a cup of coffee.  It makes trivial transactions prohibitively complex and difficult - it's the very problem standardized money was made to prevent.


Multiple currency systems would face the same issue as barter because they effectively are barter.  No matter which system you choose, unless it has universal acceptance, you're going to run into the issue that it isn't valued the same relative to a given good as another currency with nominally similar value because this particular merchant prefers the other - or, god forbid, doesn't accept it at all.  Then you'll have businesses that will try to enforce *their* scrip and small towns that will form insular currencies that are worthless elsewhere, and at the end of it all you'll have created is a bastard hybrid of commodity and barter systems where one side has no actual goods of value to trade.


You're right, I believe that the state, in some cases, needs to threaten force for a civil society to function.  A law without force is no law, and a state without laws is no state.  You're free to choose whatever scrip you like, of course, and I sincerely wish you the best of luck in it, but I've yet to be convinced.
@_date: 2019-03-16 21:01:33
The unbanked generally either spend their wealth before it can depreciate or store it in assets.
@_date: 2019-03-17 03:59:44


For perspective, this is as opposed to the strange behavior of divesting of all their assets in favor of a currency that produces nothing.  The extreme goes both ways, here, but only one allows for correction.


I think you've misunderstood what I said.  I'm agreeing with you here.  Productive assets don't necessarily appreciate even while they can and do produce new wealth.  That's a good thing.


You caught me before I corrected myself.  I realized my though process wasn't clear immediately after posting and I promptly revised my words.  Sorry for the confusion, let me quote myself with emphasis to be clear.


If all the new wealth of a productive asset is hoarded, and while the existing wealth is funneled to the owners of the productive assets, eventually the assets will stop being productive for lack of other parties to do business with.


It was a consequence of ensuring liquidity was in the market and a lack of regulation, yes.  It was strictly better than a liquidity crisis.


By what metric has the recovery been slow or bad as compared to, say the Depression?  Who is still suffering and sees no coming prospect of improvement as a result of the bubble rather than as a general shift of our economy toward increasingly skilled work and automation?


Again, I agree with you.  I won't pretend our current system is ideal, just better than a deflationary system.  The accumulation of wealth is inherent to an economy unless controls are put in place, of which inflation is one.  Antitrust laws are another, labor laws are a third, and effective, graduated taxation and the punishment of tax avoidance are fourth and fifth.  A lot of what you bring to the table in the next paragraph is addressed by these as well - for example, default is frequently the right answer unless companies have become too big to fail, as they say, rather than being broken up.


And it would, as other commodities have.  This is the source of fiat, it defeated the need to implement a new monetary standard or debase the currency every time this happens.


This is true, but it introduces way too many other issues.For example, how are you getting all of these currencies?  How are you checking which is the best to transact in?  Who accepts which?  How do we deal with arbitrage when debasement happens, as it can even in cryptocurrencies?  A multiple currency system is only marginally better than barter.  So-


Unfortunately, in many ways I am.  Like taxes, a central monetary authority seems to be a distasteful necessity.  I'm open to hearing alternatives, I would very much *like* a functioning alternative, but I don't feel a viable one has been presented yet.
@_date: 2019-03-17 06:12:46
Let's hear it, what's better for society as a currency than one that isn't reduced to unusability by hoarding?
@_date: 2019-03-16 21:03:44
Which is why it's a terrible currency, it's inherently deflationary.  It encourages hoarding rather than spending, and any economy based on it will face constant liquidity issues.
@_date: 2019-03-18 06:03:58


...?  Increasing the divisibility of Bitcoin does not multiply the amount of Bitcoin.  Still only 21MM.  Instead, it divides the Bitcoin into more pieces.  You now have twice as many pieces of Bitcoin, all with half the value.  This is literally first grade math, I'm not sure what you're not understanding.  Hell, we can do a first grade explanation if you want.
Q1. Suzie paid $5 for the smallest bag of apples at the store.  She divides them evenly into four bags so she can share with her friends.  Now Suzie has four bags of apples, how much is each bag of apples worth?
Answer Q1. Each of Suzie's bags of apples are worth $1.25.
Does that illustrate the point well enough for you, or do we need to literally illustrate the point?


I agree, and from that I point out that fracturing is inevitable once Bitcoin stops functioning as necessary for a currency to be useful, and that any splinter that is substantially similar to Bitcoin faces the same eventual fate.


The problem here comes in when you have and make more than you need to spend.  At that point you start accumulating the finite currency from the system at an increasing rate until eventually there's virtually none left to circulate because you and the other hoarders have no reason to put it back out.
To your question, agree and disagree.  In as much as I'm attempting to exert my control over your spending decisions to prevent more direct negatives to society - say, hiring a hitman or buying a person - I am, but I, personally, am exerting no control over you, personally.  You aren't being singled out, and I'm not the one doing it.


Except, it's not.  There needs to be a large enough supply of currency for all parties to be able to trade, and the lack of such liquidity caused by deflation necessarily increases human suffering until resolved one way or another.  Typically this doesn't take long because no large amount of people will actually agree that they can't eat without your specially approved tokens.
Disagree, for the record.  I place the idea of inflationary monetary policy to the end of maintaining liquidity being totalitarian in the same category as that of taxation being being the same - firmly asinine ideas generated by ancaps who can't conceive of anything other than extreme, black and white thinking.
@_date: 2019-03-17 06:27:22


Maybe you're not understanding how Bitcoin works.  There is a finite supply, and it's exclusively digital and protected by strong passwords.  Once you lose a Bitcoin - forget the password, lose the wallet, die without divulging it - it's not like gold where it still exists somewhere and can be recovered, it's gone.  The universe will die before you can recover any significant amount of lost Bitcoin.


The evidence is that nobody is going to use a currency whose lowest value is a house.  I took that to be obvious.


They're called mills, and they've existed in the United States since 1792.  Good try, though.


The price of a grain of rice in dollars is irrelevant because nobody is buying a grain of rice.  If we were, we would either divide the dollar until there was a unit that allowed that, or we just wouldn't use the dollar.  When people are buying loaves of bread and the lowest denomination of Bitcoin is worth a hundred loaves, they aren't going to use Bitcoin anymore.


You're looking at the process and not the purpose.  Debasement was a way to increase the monetary supply, and they did this by further dividing the valuable material in the currency.  Debasement is very much like arbitrarily increasing the divisibility of cryptocurrency in that it reduced the minimum value of a currency by artificially increasing its supply.
@_date: 2019-03-18 20:20:45


Right, because it's hard to convince people that a piece of paper will get you anything of value even when a government promises it.  Now most people understand that currency doesn't have to be inherently finite or valuable, only to be exchangeable for other goods and services.


If you mean the regular stories about how the Pentagon lost some untold millions/billions/trillions of dollars, [it's bad accounting](  The same thing happens when you forget to write a transaction in your bank ledger, or in the wrong one - the money's not missing as in gone, you're just lost track of it.
Don't get me wrong, it's ridiculous that there are so many errors, but at the end of the day the government is run by people and not computers, and the people doing the accounting don't even have the incentive of their own wellbeing in keeping track of it like you do with your own ledger, just that they'll get a paycheck if they do enough without fucking up too badly.
@_date: 2019-03-17 01:39:36
You want my speculation?
In some ways it was.  Correct me if I'm wrong, doesn't/didn't Nakamoto himself have a million Bitcoins?  That's quite a substantial portion of the 21MM limit, near 5%  For perspective, that's a greater percentage of all Bitcoin that will ever be mined than any single entity owns of the gold in the world.
It does lead in to the main reason in my mind, true believers.  Early adopters of Bitcoin believed in the idea and used it as currency.  Nakamoto certainly does/did.  Later adopters don't need to, have no reason to, and have every reason to hoard and profit from it as a deflationary asset.
@_date: 2019-03-17 07:05:51
Yeah, debasement is a pretty stupid process.  Unfortunately it's what you have to do when you literally don't have enough valuable material to coin enough currency at the current rate and when your lowest denomination is worth too much to be useful as currency.  There's a reason we don't put up with it anymore.
@_date: 2019-03-18 18:11:00
You're getting ahead of yourself.  In a full reserve system with finite, deflationary currency, people never had a reason to lend in the first place.  Their wealth appreciates regardless of whether the currency circulates, and so instead of lending it, it's left to sit indefinitely in a vault while the owner accrues more and more.  This is also a liquidity crisis, and is ultimately far worse than mass default, requiring either repeated debasement of the currency or a change in monetary standard.
@_date: 2019-03-17 07:10:30
Okay.  If you think the rich have a lot of wealth now, just wait until they don't have to risk losing it to get more.
@_date: 2019-03-17 00:15:49
Because can be doesn't mean are, and because as of yet there's still a supply of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-03-17 18:55:15
Let me say, I believe you're being sincere and have given some genuine thought to the issue even though we disagree.  When I said shitpost, I meant OP, who gave it about as much thought as "Bitcoin good, fiat bad".  Similarly, I believe the issues you bring up are a bit much for Econ 101, and was referring to the folks denying that Bitcoin even is deflationary, or suggesting that debasing it would be a cure-all for it - things that require basically no background knowledge to understand.  I apologize if those came across as attacks against you, I was tired and grouchy and that wasn't my intent.
That out of the way, I'm going to be frank with you, I don't see a point in further discussion here.  Having had discussions with ancaps in the past - and maybe you don't consider yourself as such, but what you're espousing is similar enough that I can't help but see the parallels - I found it as productive as speaking with flat earthers and antivaxxers.  I believe we're going to get down to a fundamental disagreement in the purpose of economies and monetary systems, you suggesting they should promote individual freedom in all things and at any cost, and me suggesting that there should be regulations and controls for the good of society.
@_date: 2019-03-19 18:53:57


Which all means nothing when Bitcoin is unusable and the identical copy isn't.


Who's to say?  Can he independently devise the theory of relativity?  Is he a maestro prodigy?


No, you're confusing the supply of the commodity with the supply of the currency it provides.  The supply of gold is ultimately finite, but the supply of gold currency can be increased to a near arbitrary level as it's debased.  Bitcoin is the same, only it takes away the 'near' qualifier.


No, please, keep making me repeat myself.  It makes very good conversation, I'm sure.
Citcoin, or ideally *not* Citcoin, becomes necessary when Bitcoin is so deflated that the average person can't effectively use it.  Remember, as we've established, Bitcoin that functions by any other rules - as a result of debasement or otherwise - is technically no longer Bitcoin.  This is not the ship of Theseus, the changes make it fundamentally different from and incompatible with the still-existing Bitcoin.


And again, there's nothing stopping Natoshi Sakamoto from making Citcoin just as decentralized as Bitcoin.  Good faith isn't a one-off.
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:49:35
No, I'm one of those assholes who made a comment on a post about USD compared to Bitcoin and is now discussing effective monetary policy and how it makes fiat currency like the USD better than commodity currency like Bitcoin.  Forgive me if I got ahead of myself, I'm having like nine conversations across six different people.
I'm not going to tell you fiat currencies and inflationary policy are foolproof, only that they're better than commodity currencies.  Fiat currencies *can* experience hyperinflation in cases of bad monetary policy, commodity currencies *will* experience deflation and hoarding, and the end result of both is the same - the currency becomes useless to the average person.
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:30:50
Productive assets, by their nature, produce more wealth.  They don't simply appreciate and, while they can be hoarded, some amount of that wealth must spread or they become unproductive.  Deflationary assets only become more valuable to hoarders until a rival dumps them or they're replaced.
Speculation caused the 07/08 bubble and crash, and the ensuing potential liquidity crisis is what caused the general market downturn.  It should go without saying that that's bad.  However, our monetary policy allowed us to largely avert the liquidity crisis and recover in fairly good time.  Comparatively, speculation is all one can do with an asset like Bitcoin.  There is no price floor as with productive, tangible assets, or even with productive intangible assets like stocks and bonds, and there is no policy that can prevent a liquidity crisis short of confiscation.  It's a bad currency.
I agree that investment isn't a perfect store of wealth.  It isn't meant to be.  It's meant, first and foremost, to be a way to keep currency circulating, and along with a centralized monetary policy it does that very well.
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:38:05
And again, what does it matter what currency is used to do that?
That would be what mints and change are for.  The vendor is free to check it in any number of ways ranging from density to XRF.


You mean to tell me we can recover Bitcoin?  We can just breach somebody's old wallet and take what they had?  No, of course not.  Lost Bitcoin is lost forever.
And Bitcoin is very much replicable.  There is nothing about Bitcoin that makes it special, unique, except the name.  Unlike real commodities, you can make an exact copy from scratch.


Not at all.  Gold doesn't need any of that any more than wallets need it.  Which is to say, might be a good idea, but not strictly necessary.
@_date: 2019-03-17 00:48:33
The government is has a vested interest in people having currency and that currency circulating, yes, that's true.
@_date: 2019-03-16 21:02:29
As opposed to stealing from the public by literal hoarding, sure.  Any commodity currency needs to be finite, and any finite good can be cornered.
@_date: 2019-03-17 00:18:52
Thank you kindly for your permission, I'll be sure to keep a note of it in case anybody asks.  I'll take Bitcoin once it's either tangible or when the supply is exhausted and it's starting to be cornered.
@_date: 2019-03-17 05:14:35
I'm sure you don't, and neither do the wealthy because that means they can't just keep stockpiling wealth and have to keep recirculating it.  Monetary policy isn't about what a person wants, it's about what's best for society, and what's best for society is that the currency isn't hoarded so everybody is able to use it.
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:19:33
And what does it matter how the public buys goods to the government?  Whether they use commodity or fiat?
Gold is always gold.  You can't destroy it, you can't replicate it, and all you need to handle and transfer it is a warm body.  Bitcoin on the other hand is destructible, replicable, and requires a system of functioning networked computers to use.
@_date: 2019-03-17 01:42:23
The inflation target doesn't change much, if at all.  In practice it changes some amount because the economy is huge and the government can't actually and directly control whether people hoard money, only disincentivize it when people see a reason to.
@_date: 2019-03-17 18:22:40




I agree with you that we need to address climate change very quickly here, but it's not an issue of inflationary currency, it's an issue of human greed.  We deforested huge swaths of land, made toxic many more, and underwent the industrial revolution that led us here all well before inflationary currency existed, and unfortunately we'll continue exploiting our planet until we're forced to stop, whether by the powers that be or by our own deaths.
@_date: 2019-03-17 08:09:10


Allow me to repeat myself,




This is opposed to commodity currency, where wealthy people become more wealthy by sitting back and watching the deflation happen while they pick up any extra currency and assets they can until there literally isn't enough to go around.


Unbounded in this case is not infinite, it's indefinite, and in no way divorced from a finite physical reality.
But I'm done for now.  I'm quite sure I've already addressed whatever concerns you want to raise, please feel free to browse through the last twelve hours of my comments here.
@_date: 2019-03-17 00:16:48
Yeah, no.  The Opium Wars were a result of a liquidity crisis in a commodity currency economy.
@_date: 2019-03-17 03:19:43


And why is it better for industry and commerce that nobody wants to hoard the circulating currency?  We're almost there, let's hear it.


Which is why multiple commodity and commodity backed systems exist.


You quoted both the bit about Bitcoin being destroyed and it being replicable when you said no, so I took that to mean you disagreed with both.  Apologies if you didn't, but you did hit the nail on the head, Bitcoin is especially deflationary even compared to real commodities like gold that can't be permanently lost/destroyed.


It would be when Bitcoin stopped functioning as a useful currency as the ultimate result of its deflationary nature.  Or, ideally, it won't be and people would see the mistake that had been made, but the point is that it's fundamentally identical in ways nothing can be to real commodities and could be subbed in at will.


And Bitcoin does as well.  Nobody in their right mind would trust ten million dollars in Bitcoin to just their memory and wherever in their house they want to stash their wallet.
@_date: 2019-03-16 22:51:29
I feel entitled to use currency and have a functioning economy, sure, I'll give you that.


And it does that right up until too few people can get hold of enouhh of it to use it as currency, and then they start bartering or using scrip instead.
@_date: 2019-03-17 01:48:33
No doubt, but if it lasts that long then I'll know I can make some money on it.
@_date: 2019-03-16 22:49:26
Sure, but when enough is hoarded that it isn't liquid enough to buy, and so most people can't get enough to even spend, you have a liquidity crisis.
Liquidity crises can happen with centralized inflationary currency, too, but the solution is then to start cranking up the supply and inflation until it makes no sense to hoard the currency and it returns to circulation.  There is no such solution in deflationary currencies except confiscation or replacement.
@_date: 2019-03-17 00:47:10
Lo and behold, we don't use gold as a currency anymore for exactly that reason.
I like gold, I actually own a nontrivial amount as a hobby and an asset, but it's not a great currency.
@_date: 2019-03-17 02:45:46
As I said, true believers are using it as Nakamoto intended.  Liquidity will continue to remain stable or go up until either the supply is exhausted and begins to be strictly lost or it gains widespread acceptance as an asset and begins to be hoarded, whichever comes first.
@_date: 2019-03-17 01:50:26
Not at all.  Bitcoin transactions cost Bitcoin.  If a transaction costs more than the transaction itself, it isn't worth doing.  And even then, there very much is a limit to how divisible a Bitcoin is, and removing that limit makes it as arbitrary as a fiat currency with none of the benefits.
@_date: 2017-11-25 01:45:11
It's true, though not quite as black and white as I initially stated.  What I'm referring to is the discovery rule, which entails that the statute begins when the crime is discovered.  The discovery rule doesn't apply in all cases - mass media publications are commonly cited as exempt from the discovery rule - but does apply in most cases, including theft as above.
@_date: 2017-11-25 01:07:36
The statute of limitations only starts when the crime comes to light, not on commission.  Something doesn't become yours just because you stole it and nobody realized for four years.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:20:35
No, it's covered by PayPal.  You can pay for goods by directly sending funds through PayPal to another PayPal account - usually person to person transactions.  PayPal will refund the customer's money and revoke the seller's funds in such a case as the seller scammed the customer.
@_date: 2017-09-02 06:16:41
To the core, to buy some more!
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:20:35
No, it's covered by PayPal.  You can pay for goods by directly sending funds through PayPal to another PayPal account - usually person to person transactions.  PayPal will refund the customer's money and revoke the seller's funds in such a case as the seller scammed the customer.
@_date: 2017-09-01 05:52:12


Maybe, maybe not.  I find it doubtful, but I'll also freely admit I'm not well-versed enough to say with any kind of certainty what could or couldn't be done to that effect.  I'm really just here to say that PayPal will, in fact, cover transactions made through PayPal with a merchant committing fraud.
@_date: 2017-09-01 00:20:35
No, it's covered by PayPal.  You can pay for goods by directly sending funds through PayPal to another PayPal account - usually person to person transactions.  PayPal will refund the customer's money and revoke the seller's funds in such a case as the seller scammed the customer.
@_date: 2017-09-08 04:47:49
I hate to tell you, we aren't employing 200M+ people by an economy of strictly necessities.