@_author: qarterd
@_date: 2015-05-22 14:53:12
Another crypto 2.0 project to add to your list: [Qointum]( (@_date: 2015-07-08 23:09:50
This design for Zeronet, serving website files over BitTorrent and having a centralized authority, is far too simplistic for a web 3.0 concept. Also claiming that it uses "Bitcoin cryptography" is misleading, dropping the name like that most would assume that it's at least blockchain-based or has a more significant relation other than "websites have Bitcoin addresses".
A proper web 3.0 platform to host a decentralized Reddit is one that breaks away from the familiar client/server model, such as [Qointum]( or Ethereum, which can reach a decentralized consensus via a blockchain and is able to precisely filter and monetize bandwidth, processing and storage space via a peer-to-peer transactional model, where the network as a whole operates like a shared-state turing machine.
A web 3.0 platform should be "cryptocurrency-native" hosting both decentralized websites and cryptocurrency under the same model, as [cryptocurrency is just a special case of decentralized processing and data](
@_date: 2015-04-12 10:46:58
This is effectively the consensus model of [Qointum]( that I call [QDPoS]( except the "validators" are simply the delegates in queue, and to "validate" a block they simply extend the chain. The queue is populated with delegates randomly chosen using [blockchain entropy]( derived from opened commitments. Quantum-secure signatures are too large to have hundreds of validators for each block, however Qointum does provide a form of [Instant Transaction Confirmation]( that has a lower throughput and thus requires a higher transaction fee. The next delegates in queue sign ITC transactions committing to their validity, their registration deposit and delegate reputation is at risk if they fail to later follow up on their commitment by extending the chain. Similarly their registration deposit is at risk if they attempt to double block create on different branches.
@_date: 2015-04-12 13:27:54
Again, this is effectively how the Qointum network operates as a whole -- it's a multi-chain smart contract platform. The [Maximally Vetted Delegate Chain]( is a consensus heuristic that only requires block headers, pair that with [Entangled Chains]( acting as the "substates" and [Simplified State Verification]( and you have the property that "*no single node in the network needs to process all transactions or even store the entire state*".  The "distinct validator sample" is the delegates of each chain.
@_date: 2015-09-06 06:07:14
The idea is to get away from centralized systems where a single site owner holds a master key. With a blockchain you have a whole range of distributed trust models, from privately operated blockchains with hundreds of admin, to proof-of-stake, proof-of-work, etc. Qointum blockchains have a customizable [chain kernel]( so you can drop in the distributed trust model that best suits your entity or website (the default kernel is [QDPoS](
@_date: 2015-09-06 06:56:08


More than that, a decentralized reddit could have a blockchain for each subreddit. Qointum has a concept called [Entangled Chains]( so when a user creates a subreddit they could also specify the "partner chain" that they wish to use (the main chain being the lazy default for mods who don't run their own nodes). The front page of a decentralized reddit would then pull down stories from all subreddits/partner chains, and karma could be an exchangeable asset stored on the main chain.
@_date: 2015-09-06 05:18:52
This is still a centralized system, there is no blockchain for consensus. Everything has to be signed by the site owner, and while users are free to modify their own data (add comments, votes, etc.), there is no consensus on who did what first and when, so it can't replace the existing client/server model. Also, it's not mobile-friendly as the client has to download the entire website including databases instead of just the files and values needed to display the page. Also, it seems to be currently wracked with scalability issues -- if a user adds a comment/vote then that user's entire database file must be redownloaded, and from a single peer only as individual files aren't actually "torrented".
[Qointum]( is under development and does the same thing via [QHTTP]( except each website is on an actual blockchain and both developers and users push changes to the site (or any smart contract assets) through transactions. Mobile users can also access the site via [Simplified State Verification]( built into every node. The mobile client does all the URL routing and then torrents off the blockchain only the needed values (eg. files, user data) and then renders any HTML entirely on the client-side, and the code to do all that is itself pulled off the site's blockchain.
@_date: 2015-04-06 01:00:26
I've discussed with a client who has a large network of debtors and is looking to consolidate their finances under one asset. They want a private blockchain with a distributed consensus mechanism, they don't want to rely on trusting miners external to their business network such as GHash, they want to administer their own transactions in order to guarantee that their needs are serviced with high priority.
With [Qointum]( they can define a chain kernel (a package of chain-founding smart contracts) that appoints all the administrators of their network, then distributed consensus follows from our round-robin style [Maximally Vetted Delegate Chain]( which can be used whether the chain has such a fixed set of admins or is properly [QDPoS]( (the default chain kernel is proof-of-stake). In this way Qointum provides a Byzantine-fault-tolerant distributed database to their private network, so that state changes can be agreed upon efficiently and faulty state changes by rogue admin can be purged immediately. Furthermore, the rules of how new admin are appointed (say through stake proof or a poll) can be set out in the chain kernel contract.
The blockchain is not useful on its own, like a hash function it's a tool that can be used to create a distributed consensus.
Also, you can certainly make a multi-chain smart contract platform without Bitcoin-like assets, however you'll be missing out on an important utility. [Conserved assets]( are an incredibly useful tool as they can be used in [fitness and cost functions]( which neural networks (humans) are adept at solving. Assets are first-class objects in Qointum, any contract may define its own assets including the chain kernel (to pay the admin), and then these assets can be exchanged through on-chain or cross-chain [transaction scripts](
@_date: 2015-03-22 04:56:56
This is one of the problems I set out to solve with [Qointum]( cross-chain scripting is built into the Python transaction/contract API, so both contract code and its data can be pulled off other chains using [Simplified State Verification]( It's similar to sidechains except generalized to prove state, not just coins. The idea is that data and processing that is highly interdependent and not parallelizable will gravitate towards sharing one chain, like an individual website which then links to other websites. The other part to the solution is the "Queued Delegated Proof-of-Stake" consensus model which scales from a few stakeholders to millions, allowing for many small yet secure blockchains.
On the horizon, there are ideas like QAPs (Quadratic Arithmetic Programs) which can provide succinct proofs of computation that can be verified in a time that scales only linearly with the code and data input size. I can envision chains that restrict their contracts to specific tasks such as aggregating inputs to make a prediction, and these restrictions would allow for such software acceleration. This is why Qointum also has "Chain Kernels" which govern the set of allowed contract packages as well as govern asset creation/destruction, so each chain can monetize its processing and storage capacity by restricting the type of information that flows through it. @_date: 2015-03-20 23:27:08
Proof-of-stake is a different trust model with its own niche in business. With my multichain smart contract platform [Qointum]( it needs a consensus model that can scale from blockchains run by a few individuals to millions. I've spoken with some potential clients who are interested in running an asset network composed of generally trusted business partners, in this case unless they can spend $millions per day mining, a hired botnet could point CPU power at them and attack them at any moment. Proof-of-stake is subjective but only weakly so (ie. requires some synchronicity), as long as you have a checkpoint that is close to the real-time state there is a chain of expectations that can't be broken without a large amount of internal collusion. Also, you need to trust the initial client download "commitment" anyway (say from a torrent file), and including a checkpoint in that commitment is no different than including seed nodes. I've outlined some attacks on [Qointum's consensus model]( which are similar to those mentioned in your paper, the model is not completely objective but trust does exist in the real world and by exploiting that the model can be more practical.
Until quantum money becomes a reality I think this is the best that we're going to get. At the quantum level the universe already prevents double spending (no-cloning theorum), it's just at the classical level that we're stuck with these wishy-washy consensus models.