@_author: qasaur
@_date: 2014-12-28 18:00:13
And people wonder why no one takes this community seriously.
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:15:08
That's a logical fallacy in its purest form, you can't dismiss the opinion of the most successful investor of all time purely due to his age. It would be another thing if you could point out exactly why he is wrong and back that up with sufficient evidence. You don't become one of the most successful investors of all time by being stupid.
People don't take this community seriously because has this attitude that since the currency is fairly new, anyone that happens to be of older age is automatically dismissed due to their "lack of experience with 'cryptocurrencies'". Sure, Bitcoin has some aspects to it that has never been seen before in currencies, particularly the ease of transferring and it's independence from government control, but deflationary currencies are nothing new. Gold used to back up the money supply of the world and was around considerably longer than Bitcoin. Economists have dedicated their entire lives to studying the nature of scarcity and the mechanics of money and studying deflationary currencies is no exception.
So next time a prominent economist or investor like Warren Buffet disagrees with you (who has studied money longer than the lifetime of the average neckbeard on r/bitcoin) , please back up any rebuttal with actual arguments and don't attack their age, because it has **nothing** to do with understanding the currency. If you want people to take you seriously, use serious arguments.
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:23:00
Currencies existed long before the first computer was invented. Sure, Bitcoin has a large technological value, the blockchain and its distributed nature is truly revolutionary. But that doesn't invalidate the fact that Bitcoin is a currency at its very core, and economists and investors like Buffet have considerably more experience with currencies than the average Bitcoin investor. Completely dismissing the opinion of Buffet is like dismissing the opinion of an elderly and experienced accountant because the accountant does not understand how the backend of modern accounting software works.
@_date: 2018-02-19 19:28:01
The banks can buy treasury bonds though.
@_date: 2013-04-12 12:54:52
Do you have any idea who is doing the DDOS?