@_author: qloandshoes
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:17:48
just commented this below, but i always think of george zimmerman. back when the case was fresh, zimmerman had a gofundme and raised over $200,000. *all* we knew about zimmerman at that point was that he had killed a black kid, and people were willing to give him six figures for it.
@_date: 2017-05-23 04:16:37


you remember george zimmerman? there's a lot to say about the case, but the thing i'll never forget from that was his gofundme. this was back before the trial, and zimmerman got $200,000 from donors, people that knew nothing about him except that he killed a black kid. i don't know what i'm supposed to do with that information other than conclude that some people do want to see some other people killed by police.


blm is generally opposed by republicans and conservatives, who are always about responsible gov spending. $5.9M out of the budget because some cops couldn't keep their hands off a dude who really wasn't a problem doesn't sound fiscally responsible to me.


i consider myself a person with a large sense of empathy. it's really something that i've had to work on and that i'm proud of. so when black people tell me "we get treated differently by the police because of our skin tone," for example, i tend to believe them. i don't have any evidence to the contrary, so i accept the appeal to their authority. black lives matter is in response to practices that continue to this day that hurt minorities specifically. if you wanna talk about specific things people have done in their name, whatever. but if you're committed to all lives mattering, that includes black lives.
@_date: 2017-05-23 03:36:47
and then the city of new york paid an addition $5.9M to the garner family, *also* paid by your taxes! that's what i think is the avenue of attack blm should use to get whites on board. if white people don't care that blacks are getting slaughtered out here, maybe they'll care when their tax dollars are being used to sweep it under the rug.