@_author: quaquaversal_
@_date: 2013-03-26 22:54:01
I'm sure sending nodes will retransmit periodically with some kind of exponential back-off.
@_date: 2013-02-12 12:08:00
My understanding is that ACH bank transfers take a number of days to clear.  I don't think it's a matter of them "taking forever to deliver."
@_date: 2013-06-07 20:11:09
Well, first of all, we're talking about generation of a private key (the public key and the wallet address can be derived from the private key).  The private key is really just a number (an integer) in the (insanely huge) range [0, 2^(256)-1].  So pick one at random using any method you wish.  To specifically address your question, yes, you could use random characters, sort of.  Addresses (and private keys, etc.) do not contain just any old alphabet characters, but rather only characters that represent digits in hexadecimal which represent the values 0 - 15 (i.e., 0-9, a-f in hex).  So you could use a string of appropriate length that contained random hexadecimal characters, but you're still just picking a random number.
Apparently there are some other minor restrictions due to what the software accepts, and I found a good discussion about this [here]( (which actually provides a much better summary than what I wrote above! ;P).
@_date: 2013-03-07 22:02:08
That's exactly right.  This means that you can generate a cold wallet while offline entirely (you can even do it by hand with many dice rolls if you want to!), produce a hard copy, erase any digital remnants, take it to a safe deposit box, then let it sit for as long as you want and simply "beam" funds into it from anywhere in the world =). 
@_date: 2013-02-12 11:57:38
I seriously doubt that they are being untrustworthy, to be honest.  
You should e-mail them about it.  I had this happen to me a few weeks ago, as did many others.  I found their customer service to be utterly fantastic and I had the problem resolved (bitcoins delivered, friendly e-mail) in less than 12 hours of when I brought up the issue.
@_date: 2013-03-28 22:47:21
Because Jesus.
@_date: 2013-03-09 01:02:50
Pretty clearly scammy -- I'd suggest steering clear.
@_date: 2013-03-08 06:32:14
Sort of.  Think of every address/private key pair as a "bank account" which you own (the private key determines your ownership).  Then think of a wallet as just something which holds a bunch of these accounts together in one place and provides you with convenient aggregate balance information and a way to send funds from your overall pool of such accounts.  This way you can, e.g., give someone a payment address for one of your "bank accounts" that has never been used for anything else before, and then see incoming transactions as a part of all of your total bitcoins, if you wish to do so.  
That's all that's really happening when you're using the official client or a site like blockchain.info -- they just keep track of multiple key pairs for convenience.
The "paper wallet" and "cold wallet" terms are a bit misleading, I suppose, because they are typically just a single key pair printed out on paper, and not really a "wallet." =).  The main emphasis with these as opposed to, e.g., the contents of the wallet.dat file, are that they are typically generated on disconnected nodes so there is complete assurance that the private key could not have somehow (malware, cleartext transmission, stupidity) been acquired externally.
Withdrawing from the "paper wallet" is no different than withdrawing from any other bitcoin address -- it's a spend of funds from that address you own to some other address.  Clients such as blockchain.info have the ability to import a private key, for example, so if you had that paper wallet in hand (or memorized the key via a "brain wallet") you could simply type in the private key and then immediately be able to transmit funds elsewhere (and you can do this from any computer, of course -- but you'd do well to be careful of potential keyloggers and such).
