@_author: quartercirclepunch
@_date: 2014-01-24 12:40:18
I don't understand the technicals, but why are people like this not working on bitcoin itself, or implementing these technologies on top of bitcoin? There seems to be an unnecessary amount of development on everything but bitcoin these days and I suspect the reason for that is simple greed. I'm confident that someone smart could implement a bitcoin versioning system that could have a 1-1 value peg and automatic rollback of some sort, should there be any issues. Adam Back, of hashcash fame, himself said that it should be possible and dislikes the idea of altcoins because it leaches market cap and competes for public mindshare.
We already have mastercoin which at least works with bitcoin and does a lot of what this does, so I'm going to file this under premined ripple-like scamcoin for now.
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:08:11
I must say, I am a little surprised that the internet hasn't by this point fostered more stateless personalities. Who cares where the servers are hosted or which nationality built the software? I first hit the world wide web in 1996 and I can say that all of these years online have blown my narrow, patriotic viewpoints back to where they belong--the nineteen hundreds and I have long ago abandoned national trappings that were simply there as a result of my being born here (South Africa) by chance. The internet is the one true free state that over time will start eating at the borders of the political divides. The internet brought us knowledge without permission, a true apolitical platform for freedom of speech. Bitcoin as a stateless money is the next evolutionary step. Welcome to the future people.
@_date: 2014-01-12 08:37:08
Money, like language, is in some way tied to national identity.  The adoption of holidays I'd imagine took a very long time and even then sometimes they don't remain the same. For instance, on valentines day it is only the women give men chocolate. This, if I am not mistaken, is distinctly Japanese or at the very least East Asian. They have a habit of co-opting things and making them into something that can not be mistaken for the original. Food, fashion, you name it.
Bitcoin, on the other hand, is very international and cannot be co-opted. Aside from the JPY being heavily ingrained in the minds of the people as Japan's currency, if adopted it will further erode the barriers to cultural exit and entry via increased international buisness and trade as well as increased tourism. The JPY is "Japan's currency"; bitcoin is not.
The other problem is that is Bitcoin, as we all know, is heavily disruptive. The Japanese prefer harmony, societal norms and things that don't go against tradition.
None of the above will matter in the end though. If we continue to see mass adoption across the world, Japan will have to follow suit, even if they are late to the table. It's inevitable.
@_date: 2014-02-01 10:01:01
Not in all cases but in a case where it prohibits natural behavior that isn't directly harmful to others, then yes. For instance, I think people should be allowed to walk around naked. The majority of society seems to take offense, often with a law dissuading us from doing so, yet this is our natural state.
If there is groping of the explicitly sexual areas or someone says "no" or the other wont let up, then this deserves intervention. However, most of the leg touching, waist hugging etc can be solved with a "no"/shove/slap. This solves the problem without neutering half the population.
Have you ever considered that the man in this article has had women hit on this way? I've been in a bar and had a women I didn't know put her arm around my waist. And when you think about it, what is the difference between a conference room and a bar? Expectation of a meat market or lack there of? Sounds like a bizarre social convention to me.
@_date: 2014-01-25 14:31:17
I'm a guy. It's OK in my book, more than OK. Most guys are like that. If she's absolutely elephant man hideous, I might just say no and get on with my day. No big.
@_date: 2014-01-04 20:43:52
As a South African, +1. Though, I'm sort of used to it by now. Americans don't often think outside of their state. When traveling abroad, they'll often mention their home city or state rather than their country as point of origin. I'm not sure if this is because of their news broadcasts or education but the tone has changed a lot over the last 19 years though to a little more world centric, i believe largely due to 9/11, the Iraq war maybe the NSA leeks.
@_date: 2014-01-10 08:41:33
I would like to see even more local exchanges data and more currencies on there, if possible. ice3x.com and bitx.co.za are South African exchanges that could provide info for the South African Rand (ZAR). bitx daily volume is currently 10.98 BTC. Not much but I think it could provide perspective that Africa is becoming more involved.
Edit: Also, does huobi not have an API? If they are moving the majority of the volume, it would be interesting to see how this effects the CNY numbers.
A real time pie chart of all the currencies would be pretty interesting, too.
@_date: 2014-01-09 10:53:56
Ouch. However, I really don't think remittance is bitcoin's true potential adversary here. If you compare it to cash, it is inferior in transaction costs and I think bitcoin has the potential to eventually displace even cash if we engineer it so. The velocity of this economy is retarded due to the cost, amongst other things. As adoption grows, I would rather there be a fee of 100th or a 1000th of a cent on an equivalent number of transactions than 10 cents on a single transaction. We'd do well to remember that first world problems of $15 for remittance is more of a nuisance that a life changing one.
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:22:07
Wow. This is by far one of the stupidest things I've ever had the misfortune of reading. How about reading a book once in a while or watching some decent international news that isn't CNN? You get the best resources when it's not state filtered. I get some of the greatest insight into my own country when watching international news. You should do the same.
@_date: 2014-01-23 10:54:48
If anyone at Google is reading this, I want unified, product level integration (google wallet, gmail, youtube, google plus, hangouts, analytics etc) i.e. the ability for me to send and receive bitcoins from, to and amongst any of your platforms, ala bitcoin tip bot style via comments, emails, IMs you name it. Let's make all Google users, worldwide, bitcoin users.
I think that limiting bitcoins to go through a payment service when only paying for a product, sort of defeats the purpose of digital cash. There is a possibility here to completely open up every single google user to instant remittance as well as instant and worldwide payments. Let's make this happen.
@_date: 2014-01-12 08:03:10
All of the above, from my limited perspective. Most importantly, no 2. Japanese have a deep sense of national identity and I think that they would be very slow to move on something so "not Japanese" that disrupts the status quo which, I'd imagine from their perspective, works just fine. 
@_date: 2014-01-26 19:15:49
18.32 ZAR to GBP. What the hell is going on?!
Edit: If I weren't worried about what China is going to do I would put everything in BTC this instant.
Edit 2: Anyone mind ELI5 why this is happening?
@_date: 2014-01-12 08:44:24
Someone should go post [this link]( on 2chan.
@_date: 2014-01-26 08:21:34
I'm sorry but I really disagree that societal norms should be restricted by the vocal opinion of the 1%, or that they should be allowed to set what is acceptable behavior, especially when it comes to something as base as our animal desire to reproduce. If you don't like a women touching you, just brush it off. Tell her no. Done. You'll see this in the animal kingdom, too. Certain male animals will pester females to a certain extent until she either turns on him or gives in. They sort it out then and there. Sure we could be more civilized about it but in reality, the only difference difference between a success and a failure in the human world is execution. People who fail become sluts or douches; people who succeed get into the other person's pants.
We have way to much PC and tip toeing these days and I personally think that men who don't want free sex have very low libidos as a result of testosterone deficiencies, are married or have been brainwashed by women's lib and have a serious case of gender guilt.
@_date: 2014-01-12 07:28:41


Oh yes, he did. He tweeted about the wisemen bringing BTC, LTC and Quark to Jesus, or some such nonsense. This tweet has since been deleted. There were other tweets. I instantly unfollowed the guy after seeing that.
@_date: 2014-01-26 14:32:13
This is obviously Satoshi's restaurant. He gave up full time crypto to pursue a business involving his first love: food.
@_date: 2014-01-26 11:59:30
Maybe slut was the wrong word as it is usually reserved for when people don't like the idea that someone sleeps around a lot. Flirt is better word. I don't know.
The point I was trying to make is that success markedly diminishes the negative reaction toward the means by which they achieve it.
@_date: 2014-01-09 08:42:43
10$ cents is a lot depending on where you are in the world. People earning a few dollars a day in some crappy developing country would not be incentivised to use bitcoin as a means of transaction if the cost is so high. The transaction cost needs to drop to fractions of a cent else it isn't going to work as money. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 21:20:40
Why would it be denominated in dollars, though? I thought we were talking about bitcoin loans. If I loan you 1 BTC, you would owe be 1 BTC plus interest. I think bitcoin needs to appreciate to the level (multi trillion cap) where it is a stable unit of account before loans would work properly.
@_date: 2014-01-05 09:49:18
We have 11 official languages here in SA. English, Afrikaans, Xhosa and Zulu being the major language groups. In Cape Town, English is the dominant business language, however the Cape is known for the Cape Coloured community who are primarily Afrikaans. Other provinces have a large White Afrikaaner community who have there own distinct dutch influenced music and culture. There is also a very large Indian community in KwaZulu-Natal.
Although I recognize that there are differences in my own country province to province, it would be massively egotistical of me to assume that someone would know where the Western Cape is or even Cape Town without the context of the country. It expresses an ingrained ignorance that the world somehow is USA literate enough to know exactly where this is or that it is culturally distinct enough to be of special global relevance.
I listen to a lot of travel podcasts and a few American expats themselves have stated that they have ceased referencing their state when responding to the "where are you from" question as a result of being influenced by a more world centric view that comes from staying outside of their home country.
@_date: 2014-01-12 07:44:37
@_date: 2014-01-26 12:38:16
Be careful with paper wallets. I have most of mine stored like this but it might be best to be familiar with change addresses etc before you go putting all your BTC onto them. Please try purchasing and using smaller amounts of BTC on various types of wallets and storage before you jump all in. At this moment there are many situation where you can mess up and lose it all. The other day I forgot my multibit wallet password for a few minutes and the thought made me quite ill. In this game if you lose a password or make a stupid mistake because of your lack of familiarity with the technology, there is no one to help you recover the loss of funds.
Be smart. Send some here and there. READ STUFF! Understand what you're doing before you do it with larger amounts.
@_date: 2014-01-24 15:14:18
This is exactly why I mentioned upper level protocol. This is pure speculation on my part but I'm sure if they leave the core protocol alone and start working on overlay technologies, I don't see how there could be any problems. Bitcoin could happily chug along underneath with no threat from any technology built on top of it. I stand to be corrected but I believe mastercoin is proof of this.
@_date: 2013-12-18 22:25:12
Not to mention that a large portion of our own police is made up of criminals.
@_date: 2013-12-17 14:04:50
Which means there is still room for someone else to properly corner the market over here. Less friction, less fees = more volume. This is btcchina's play and I think it's a smart one.
@_date: 2013-12-23 18:52:10
This was great. These are the real adopters. I feel if the bitcoin economy is to grow, it needs to be easy like a credit card and similar to what people are used to.
The other thing is ease of use and security as mentioned in the video. Even the possibility of losing BTC because of these problems is enough to turn people off.
As much as people hate the idea, a third party bank like service will need to be in place at some point or I predict more horror stories of lost or stolen coins in the future. As it stands, I have never been unable to access my money from a bank because of a lost password. I have however been in a situation where I'd momentarily forgotten the password to my multibit wallet. Not fun.
@_date: 2013-12-18 22:23:32
As a South African, anyone who thinks South Africa is not Africa is deluding themselves, like so many starry eyed, isolated suburbanites. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 10:55:13
While I think this logo doesn't exactly sell it to the masses, the piles of physical bitcoins (casascius and recalescence coins etc) that media outlets use when talking about bitcoin are giving the impression that people are minting their own fake monopoly money and doesn't explain how bitcoins are created or that they are digital. The correct image can pass on a wealth of information without much discussion. My preferred image to represent a bitcoin is the 2D, [coin-like]( graphic seen here and there.
2D or obvious non real images are great at relaying new concepts, especially ones that exist in a virtual space. The suspension of disbelief in a working concept is much harder when you start using real objects. I personally think that bitcoins are so different to physical currency that pictures of "real" coins is proving to be counter productive and that a 2D image of a coin is the best means of conveying the familiar concept of currency as well as the new reality of the virtual.
@_date: 2013-12-17 14:18:28
What does that mean? Surly there is a way for them to offer this service to the Kenyans exclusively. Just region lock bid and asks involving MPesa to Kenyan accounts. And if you have KYC in place, everything should be fine.