@_author: questionmarket
@_date: 2016-04-24 10:12:38
Hi, thanks man, but at what stage? I think I can see this after the deposits are received and in order to unite the coins in a single address to pay out from. Is this what you mean?
@_date: 2016-04-24 00:40:02
Hi and thank you so much for your thoughtful reply. I have not mentioned what the site is because I do not want to generate a discussion about the site or people to feel I am promoting it here.
The whole idea is for me to hold your bitcoin only for as long as is necessary. You would decide when you want your bitcoins back and generate the transaction that returns your balance. I want that to be automatic. Say you deposit 2 bitcoins, you do your thing and at the end of the day, you have used up 1 of them, I want you to take the one that is left with you and not leave it at the site. In order to accomplish this without delay, I want this payment to happen automatically and immediately upon client request.
In the event you do not take it with you, after 24 hours of inactivity, the bitcoins go back to your wallet on a cron job. I don't want to hold bitcoins any longer than strictly needed.
I know I can do this with blockchain.info, but did not see great reviews here on reddit for them. As well, would prefer something not in the US and a little more private.
I would be more than happy to share more info with you through PM so as not to give away the nature of the site. You would understand if you knew. :-)
@_date: 2016-04-24 10:14:14
I think some of the confusion here is that it seems like I want to open an online wallet. That is not the case. I want to use an online wallet to achieve those objectives. Mainly, immediate payment upon request.
@_date: 2018-10-02 11:28:06
Really? Please tell me about that.
@_date: 2018-10-01 17:29:34
Sorry, I didn't want to seem like we are promoting it here. We really wanted to get a conversation going. If you think placing the link here openly is OK, I'll do that. Otherwise I can PM it to you?
@_date: 2018-10-01 21:51:51
Good question.
btcpay is an awesome solution, for someone who can do the technical work. Eezybtc is incredibly simple to integrate and requires no technical knowledge whatsoever. It can actually be integrated by anyone who can open an html page and paste one line of code in it.
So my answer would have to be multitudes of simpler to integrate, and the reports section covers any data the merchant may want to see. Btcpay is a product from bitpay.com, a similar website but without a programmer, it becomes impossible for regular people to integrate.
We know very well that this isn't for everyone. This is more a product for people that are pretty much computer illiterate and run stores and would like to try bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-10-02 11:28:29


@_date: 2018-10-01 21:03:38
Hi guys, here's a link to the front page. It is devoid of design, it's what we've been using to mock up the programming. The new design should be ready in the next few days.
Yes, ugly AF right now.
In stage, the demo cashier is hooked up to the Bitcoin testnet. In the www, it is hooked up to the live Bitcoin network.
Mods: My apologies if this seems spammy. But I am beginning to think that without a link, we're going around in circles.
@_date: 2018-11-12 12:25:22
What bitcoin needs now is adoption. Developers have to really look at how bitcoin can benefit the public and design around adoption.
Mass adoption would force bitcoin prices to surge as there really aren't enough to service the world population. 21 million bitcoins minus the lost ones, math doesn't support low prices in the face of adoption.
@_date: 2018-11-12 12:51:50
I think we're missing the point of the story here. Okey, the guy is an asshole. Or he's racist. Or whatever he could be. The point of the story is that he is looking at bitcoin as a payment method because he got banned by Paypal.
Maduro in Venezuela created his own coin the Petro and he is starving a whole country. 
The point here is that bitcoin is an alternative to payments when companies like Paypal or banks are shutting you down. For better or for worse, the fact remains that bitcoin is a viable payment option. And don't believe for a second that Paypal will never shut you down. Just look at the stories online about shutdown accounts.
Just run this search to see that the problem here is not Tommy Robinson perse, it's Paypal and the banks who arbitrarily shut down accounts and how bitcoin is quickly becoming an alternative payment method.
Edit: forgot to include the search url; [
@_date: 2018-11-12 16:06:25
I totally agree he may not be the right PR for bitcoin. I don't know the guy and I really don't care. But hey, any PR is good PR. Remember it was the Silk Road arrest that gave bitcoin its newsworthy status. I'll always think it was that publicity that brought it to light in a big way.
Tha didn't turn out too bad...