@_author: questionablepolitics
@_date: 2018-09-23 12:49:09


Inventing a conspiracy to explain the organization you previously liked suddenly stopped being good anymore right at the moment the stuff they leak affect the political camp you're for! That is some next level of cognitive dissonance.
WikiLeaks is consistent in their mission of transparency in a world increasingly defined by partisanship, that's their real crime.
On another note, hearing r/buttcoin you'd believe r/bitcoin is a hive of alt right extremists begging for the return of Hitler. Then the most upvoted comments are stuff like this. Reddit: leftists calling other leftists nazis because of one minor ideological difference.
@_date: 2017-05-09 15:53:06
4chan keeps looking in the Cayman Islands and Le Pen aims for the Bahamas, while his millions are safely hidden in his vest pocket. Wonderboy's got some tricks.
@_date: 2017-05-09 15:50:26
As someone who's lived in Ile-de-France for 30 years, I'm not even mad. Soon or later, you will enjoy this new France with the rest of us.
@_date: 2017-06-09 10:35:24
"Most correlations aren't causation therefore no correlations can ever have causation" is an arguably worse logical fallacy than "correlation implies causation".
@_date: 2017-06-18 18:09:41
The target market for Uber is affluent urbanites willing to spend half of their 100k salary on rent for the sake of living near other affluent urbanites. Bitcoin is used by investors and people at or under poverty level. It shouldn't come as a surprise one of these groups is more price conscious than the other.
@_date: 2017-06-09 10:29:48
"Total war" does not mean nor imply "average death toll". 20th century conflicts were unprecedented in magnitude, in that they involved countries all over the world fighting against each other.
If you start wondering why did Americans get involved in an European conflict beyond the common explanations offered, and if you look at the people influencial in pushing for American interventions, looking at them one by one, a different picture can emerge.
More food for thought: few countries are outright considered enemies by the United States to the point they're targets for sanctions and military interventions. Cuba, North Korea, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Iran, Syria... In surface, these countries seem quite different. Mainstream media pushes subjective ideological disagreements as the reason behind these antagonisms. Other sources will point at oil as the culprit, at least for the Middle East. But there is one single common point between these countries that no other country on Earth shares, something factual and objective.
If the representation of value is universal and concentrated into the hands of a very few, it stands to reason those powerful individuals can exerce a worldwide influence. This is a simple concept. The hardest part is accepting you've been had, because human psychology is a bitch and the cognitive dissonance is so very large it's easier to shut down.
@_date: 2017-06-09 10:38:21
The same charities used as tax havens by the ultra wealthy?
The same NGOs picking up Afghans 2 miles off the coast of Libya as "refugees from the Syrian war" to drop them near Italy?
The same hospitals billing Americans dozens of thousands in bills?
The same organisations funding people to spread propaganda and turn factual debates into subjective assessment of values, inserting notions of "good" and "evil" in answer to discussions when there previously was no such comment?