@_author: quetzacoatl85
@_date: 2018-08-28 13:35:20
Tbh I'm so glad I'm not alive today.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:47:37
great app; but please include rates from bitcoin.de as well as from localbitcoins.com! these are the ones that are used predominantly around here in middle Europe, and with the nice and clean design, your app would instantly become the go-to-app for checking prices if it would include those services.
@_date: 2013-12-13 03:00:12
As someone from Europe who sometimes buys stuff on the US Amazon store, this sounds great! No hassle with having to use credit cards and paying the foreign currency transaction fees. Don't forget to mention this one (admittedly niche) usage case to people, because I think that here bitcoin payment really offers genuine advantage. 
Oh, and on a broader note: This could really replace people having to pay with credit cards. I'm aware everyone uses them over in the US, but over here most people I know only own one card, and grudgingly so. The reasons are both a cultural as well as a service thing: culturally, unwillingness to go into debt and owe money in general and spend more money than you have; service-wise, nearly no benefits offered when paying by credit card (no rebate, no bonus points), on the contrary, most of the time merchants charge you with the credit card company's fee (which means, 3% more on your bill), and then you also have to pay the yearly fee for the credit card itself - understandable that people don't really get why they should spend money on having credit cards; most just do because there is no other well-established way of paying online (yet). This gap could be filled by bitcoin in general and services like Honey in specific. Other services are being developed as I type this though (online payment via wire transfer from bank account is catching on lately), so this has to happen fast. 
And on a not-so-broad note = as far as the implementation in Honey is concerned: You should maybe make the bitcoin value of the transaction visible on first glance, and also display the used exchange rate in the confirmation dialog. Important with high volatility of bitcoin at the moment. If possible, an auto-complete function for the transaction would be great too (so you don't have to keep the page open and remember finalizing once the coupon purchase has cleared).
Oh, and thank you for taking it on you to develop such a service! It's people like you with motivation who will shape the future. :)
TL;DR: I would use the service from time to time, especially for payments in USD. In the long run, could replace credit cards, which suck (and are not really popular in Europe). Make the service easy to use please! And thanks. :)
@_date: 2013-12-16 06:05:26
European chiming in! I'm aware the great majority in the US uses credit cards for day-to-day transactions, and routinely people seem surprised and inconvenienced by the fact that its use is not nearly as wide-spread in many European countries. in fact, most people I know only own one credit card, and grudgingly so. many don't own one at all. let me try and shed some light on to the why. (keeping in mind, I can especially account for the situation in Austria and Germany where Aldi operates, the situation in other countries might differ to some degree.)
the reasons as to why CC are not particularly popular are both cultural as well as a economical: culturally, there's a strong feeling that you shouldn't go into debt, owe money in general, and spend more money than you have; economically, nearly no benefits are offered when paying by credit card (no rebate, no bonus points), on the contrary, most of the time merchants charge you with the credit card company's merchant fee (which means, 3% more on your bill), and on top of that you also have to pay the yearly fee for the credit card itself - understandable that people don't really get why they should spend money on using credit cards; most people that have one just use it for online shopping, although this use case is slowly starting to be replaced by instant wire transfer. for paying cashless at a retailer, you normally would use your debit card, which is accepted nearly everywhere (also at Aldi). 
sorry for dropping such a long kinda OT comment here, but I find these small inter-cultural differences fascinating. also, I think it started bugging me that often I could hear people from the US making comments that credit card acceptance is "still" not very high in Europe, but that it's getting "better". not saying that this hit me particularly hard, but I just felt like trying to explain the reasons for this difference in the perceived importance of credit card acceptance. hopefully I could do that with dropping my 0.02€. ;)