@_author: quigleyreport
@_date: 2014-04-18 01:47:37
Mt. Gox Suitors Launch Last-Ditch Bid To Revive Bitcoin Exchange - WSJ.com
U.S. investors seeking to revive Mt. Gox have launched a last-ditch effort to convince a Japanese bankruptcy court to support their proposal after the failed bitcoin exchange announced it would abandon a rehabilitation plan and instead move to liquidate its assets
Read more...
@_date: 2014-04-17 06:56:23
Bruce Fenton, for some reason you seem to think that a rehabilitation of Mt Gox requires that the entity that does that must hold on to 200,000 bitcoins that supposedly have been found.  I don't know why you keep pushing that point.  It has nothing to do with a Gox rehabilitation.  Assets owned by customers should be returned to those customers as soon as is possible.  That includes the 200,000 coins.  I think everyone is in agreement with that logical position.  But again, that has nothing to do with re-starting Gox.  What you don't seem to understand is that liquidations mean getting virtually zero for creditors.  Once a company goes into liquidation in Japan, it takes on average 10 years to complete the process.  During that time, lawyers are looting the business to pay their obscene fees with the express permission of the court to do that.  if we allow Gox to go into  liquidation there will be ZERO returned to creditors.  If anyone on this thread needs any more evidence of this fact, I point to Mark Karpales himself.  He wants a liquidation.  Why do you think he favors that approach?  So that all of us can be repaid?  He is in favor of that approach because it allows him to essentially run the business with zero interference.  Do you really think a Tokyo court administrator who never heard of bitcoin 6 weeks ago is going to adequately supervise a winding down of Gox.  No, he is going to rely on Mark to oversee this process.  Mark says he has 100,000 coins tied up in Gox.  Who do you think Mark is going to be looking out for when he 'finds' any missing coins?  A liquidation means that Mark wins. And that is bad for all of us.  A liquidation also means that no real effort will be made to track down the stolen coins, which was likely an inside job and a solvable crime.  
@_date: 2014-04-17 02:44:19
Gentleman, there is no chance that any trustee is going to immediately return any bitcoins to their rightful owners.  That is fucking fantasy.  Please people, if you don't understand the bankruptcy process, don't opine as though you do.  The reason I have made a bid to acquire Gox is because I am fully aware of how these proceedings work.  Bankruptcies involving liquidations take YEARS to resolve in Japan.  And that is for normal bankruptcies where issues like 'what the fuck is a bitcoin' do not exist.  The lawyers will suck every last bitcoin out of Gox long before the rightful creditors are paid.  The only way we can hope to recover some meaningful percentage of any assets Gox has is to require the business to be rehabilitated.  Kiss goodbye any chance of recovering any lost coins of the Japanese court moves forward with a liquidation plan.  That is not what we want.  
@_date: 2014-04-15 23:58:33
I do think Mt Gox is important to save, that is why I am working with a group of operators and investors to rehabilitate the company. Mark will not be part of the go forward business. There is no guarantee of success here, but I think it would be great for the bitcoin community if we fixed the business, without begging for government handouts like the banks did, and get it back into operation.  Clearly, exchanges like Gox should have invested in robust security measures.  But that is somewhat 20/20 hindsight.  When BTC was at 10 cents, no one really cared.  Regarding my background, I came of age during the savings and loan crisis of the 1980's.  Out of that calamity came a number of improvements to run the financial institutions more carefully.  I would not have believed that 20 years later, we would have an even bigger financial crisis for many of the same reasons.  Please ask me any questions you might have.  I don't have all the answers, but I will answer them as best I can.  