@_author: quiincy
@_date: 2013-11-01 10:15:54
The issue is going to economics, you need property rights, its to stop anarchy its all a government really should be for. 
@_date: 2013-10-16 10:17:07
Every country has a rating to determine the quality of Debt, the higher the rating the more safe in theory it is. AAA is the highest rating it means the debt is risk free. America got downgraded to AA a while back, what should have happened was America paying more in interest back, but the fear was of colapsing the system so the interest repayments decreased. What most likely will happen is the rating will drop further to A. Increasing interest repayments
@_date: 2013-10-14 12:34:09


Going into Marx's theories, labour theory of value (in which you have quoted), what marx argues about value, value of a commodity is only related to the labor needed to produce or obtain that commodity and not to other factors of production. 
Going onto someone who influenced marx, Adam Smith
The value of any commodity, ... to the person who possesses it, and who means not to use or consume it himself, but to exchange it for other commodities, is equal to the quantity of labour which it enables him to purchase or command. Labour, therefore, is the real measure of the exchangeable value of all commodities (Wealth of Nations Book 1, chapter V).
It relates to the question i have posed. What economy does bitcoin relate to? For bitcoin to properly take off, you need to set things in bitcoin and unify it. As in wages no matter around the world income is x in bitcoins. Not 7usd an hour, 4euros an hour. It needs to be set in bitcoin. Once it is set can you derive proper value. That breaks the chain of heavily relying on other exchanges.
@_date: 2013-11-01 10:33:18
I know that, it becomes a debate about efficiency vs equity.
@_date: 2013-10-31 22:45:56
The thing is bitcoin does not stop the creation of private money, the block time has created organisations like coinbase, which if has mass adoption can create bitcoins as much as it needs to for its customer, only when people cash out is there a problem. A world without taxes but contributions may be fair, but its not equitable. As in lump sum tax payments. A better world would be a world with politicians that actually represent the people through democratic process, you would need a world with some form of a bank, where else would you get a line of credit to purchase a house.
@_date: 2013-10-06 12:59:53
They have an escrow service
@_date: 2013-10-16 09:26:31
It is then undeclared income, Tax office has records of previous income. If suddenly large amounts of cash which has deviated from the past with no trace as to where its from it becomes suspicious. I am not nitpicking, but they have systems in place. This is really all i can say. 
@_date: 2013-11-01 01:35:23
You need to understand the payment system. First if I send bitcoins from one coinbase address to another, do i actually send the coins or do they just change the number from my account and change the number in there account? its the later. Only when its to a non coinbase address are coins physically transferred through the block chain. 2, if everyone uses coinbase, coinbase can sell more coins then there are available because its just operating on their system. As i mentioned only when everyone decides to move away from that system does the problem occur. Its like banks, they can create more money then they have, but when everyone wants to take out their cash does a problem occur.
@_date: 2013-09-19 13:43:51
That is not true at all. A credit card is just electronic signals. So long as you have not reached your limit, the merchant will receive the funds instantaneously. The merchant will receive a receipt/ confirmation instantly, depending on the customers provider the merchant generally does not receive it until the next business day.
@_date: 2013-09-07 12:53:58
As i posted earlier.
What do we call funds In a modern economy?
Money mainly takes the form of deposits at commercial banks. This money has no physical existence. The use of deposits requires no transportation of money as it takes the form of a value in deposit accounts.
Three types of money appear in an ADI (Authorized deposit taking institutions) balance sheet: notes and coins in the vault (assets), Federal Reserve money in ESA (exchange settlement accounts) (assets) and private money in bank accounts (liability).
(ADIs) like credit unions, and building companies on the contrary have deposits with commercial banks as liabilities in their balance sheets. 
The idea is that at any time depositors can ask their deposit account balances in these institutions to be converted into cash, i.e. notes and coins, hence the idea of liabilities that they need to repay on demand even though de facto the ADI may never have to do so.
Deposits are not a collection of cash for ADI 
It is interesting to notice that even though these deposits can be converted into cash at any time at the discretion of the depositors, they were not built by bringing cash to the banks in the first place! In a modern economy depositors do not bring any cash to the ADI in order to have deposits, and this is because by default money takes already that form with most wages paid directly in the workers’ bank accounts, spending made directly through transfers among deposits accounts, etc…. Depositors do not deposit cash anymore, and the term deposit taking institutions does not mean either that banks collect cash through deposit collection.
@_date: 2013-09-06 05:42:14
One again another person who thinks they understand the whole grasp of money and economics. 
What do we call fund
In a modern economy, money mainly takes the form of deposits at commercial banks. This money has no physical existence. The use of deposits requires no transportation of money as it takes the form of a value in deposit accounts.
Fact 1
Three types of money appear in an ADI (Authorized deposit taking institutions) balance sheet: notes and coins in the vault (assets), Federal Reserve money in ESA (exchange settlement accounts) (assets) and private money in bank accounts (liability).
(ADIs) like credit unions, and building companies on the contrary have deposits with commercial banks as liabilities in their balance sheets. The idea is that at any time depositors can ask their deposit account balances in these institutions to be converted into cash, i.e. notes and coins, hence the idea of liabilities that they need to repay on demand even though de facto the ADI may never have to do so.
Deposits are not a collection of cash for ADI 
It is interesting to notice that even though these deposits can be converted into cash at any time at the discretion of the depositors, they were not built by bringing cash to the banks in the first place! In a modern economy depositors do not bring any cash to the ADI in order to have deposits, and this is because by default money takes already that form with most wages paid directly in the workers’ bank accounts, spending made directly through transfers among deposits accounts, etc…. Depositors do not deposit cash anymore, and the term deposit taking institutions does not mean either that banks collect cash through deposit collection.
Fact 2:
ADIs do not hold accounts at their own institution, they do NOT use Private Money, they use Federal Reserve Funds. Reserve funds are a liability to the Federal Reserve. These funds are used as interaction between other ADIs, Fed and Government. Reserve funds cannot be given to every day customers. It can be converted into notes for banks’ vaults. The stock of ESF is destroyed when banks pay the FED and is created when FED pays banks. It is destroyed when banks make a payment to the government but is created when the government pays banks.
Fact 3
ESF involvement in the payment system 
Because ADIs (mainly banks) manage the private means of payment of the economy they are in charge in keeping the balances of the deposit accounts of their customers updated. If a transaction involves two customers (Will and the mobile phone company) of the same bank, the bank in charge simply puts a higher value for the balance of the receiver of funds (mobile phone provider) and a lower value for the balance of the provider of funds (Will). The transfer (even though material) will be immediate among the two accounts within the same bank and the story stops there. No transfer of Federal Reserve money.
Fact 4
Transactions of an ADI with a non-customer depositor 
We can replicate the same logic when ADI (banks likely) lead their own businesses with households or businesses who are NOT customers of the bank for their deposit accounts. The stock of ESF will not change, only private money will. It will be created or destroyed.
Reason why Federal reserve money has no value is for everything just described, it’s a different form of money. It is used to create money which has value. Private money.
@_date: 2013-10-10 00:26:49
See this confuses me, if it was truly decentralised the majority of people would need to choose it, but people say those with highest hashing power have higher influence.
@_date: 2013-10-10 00:37:07
I was comparing Largest hashers to top 1% of wealth holders. Those who have power can do as they like. Decentralisation in theory is supposed to take that away from them.
@_date: 2013-10-23 09:21:22
That is not really a scamming technique, if you look at it. Its just basic probability. derren brown in a tv series, the show was called the system
@_date: 2013-10-16 09:18:37
If you do not declare to the tax many any gains, you are otherwise seen as 1. Tax evading, or 2. Money Laundering. I know its not clearly regulated, but unfortunately regardless of the matter you need to declare it.
@_date: 2013-10-26 00:45:24
Your assuming a perfect world, conversion is never instant. You are essentially saying, fiat currency its broken today, everyone should instantaneously know how many bitcoins things cost. The answer is no one would know, same with using gold. It is because they are both so heavily reliant on another currency
@_date: 2013-10-20 00:08:26
Think about it, its not true. We can determine costs in USD, but if suddenly tomorrow if fiat currency collapses you can not tell how much bitcoin is required to buy bread? We can not work out wages, cost of materials, it puts you in a pickle, on the other hand if bitcoin was fixed at a certain value, it would be possible to determine the cost of bread in bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-16 09:42:08
Please explain
@_date: 2013-10-26 00:35:27
While what you are saying is true, it wouldn't happen in the short term, we have price rigidity, as in menu costs, contracts etc. It might take few years tho, but I guess it depends on what you say is short term.
@_date: 2013-10-14 02:30:12
He makes a valid argument and I think you are missing the point. Without the underlying dollar or any currency what is 1 bitcoin worth? How many bitcoins do i need to buy a loaf of bread? The question is what economy is bitcoin tied to? If i am in any country with the local currency, i know that $5 is $5, i do not need to know what the exchange is. Go into a store with bitcoin if it didnt have the exchange what is 1 bitcoin worth, same with gold. Without the exchanges it doesnt have its own value. Bitcoin is too heavily reliant on exchange rates.
@_date: 2013-09-19 13:45:22
But you then create the same problem, lending and spending of money which doesn't exist. It is possible to create more bitcoins then there exists if everyone uses a merchant like a bank.
@_date: 2013-10-15 09:54:08
I think you are missing some concepts about the default. Its not default on the entire loan, what will happen is America will loose a credit rating. Meaning America will have to pay more interest. Think about it, you have a bank with one loan only, this loan pays back some of the time as much as it can, you have the option of demanding everything and ceasing all future income/repayments. Would you exercise that option? Or would you try and negotiate?
@_date: 2013-10-04 02:19:25
Not 100% true, August 15 2010.
Over 184 billion bitcoins were generated in a transaction, and sent to two addresses on the network.
Now these coins were removed but that begs the question if such coins can be generated and removed. What is to stop legitimate coins being  destroyed?, or new coins being created.
Here are other Vulnerabilities
@_date: 2013-10-10 23:11:35
What is your reasoning for a velocity of 10? Plus M is the total amount of money in circulation on average in an economy during the period, 20million is incorrect. P = Average Price Level, its average price of goods and services purchased which is unmeasurable. A change in money supply results in changes in price levels and/or a change in supply of goods and services. It is primarily these changes in money stock that cause a change in spending. And the velocity of circulation depends not on the amount of money available or on the current price level but on changes in price levels. Saying it will be worth 10K is ludicrous.
@_date: 2013-10-10 00:23:48
You mention people who own majority of the hashing capacity, so then there can be a central authority. Those who have more hashing capacity can choose to do as they wish. It then begs the question how decentralised is bitcoin? I'm just making the comparison, top hasher's to the 1%.
@_date: 2013-10-27 00:18:28
Some of what i have discussed in other posts have been discussed as in having more then 21 million bitcoins etc. Regardless I will discuss how changes in the price level affect income in the IS‑LM model, with regards to deflation. Falling prices raise income. For any given supply of money M, a lower price level implies higher real money balances M/P. An increase in real money balances causes an expansionary shift in the LM curve, which leads to higher income. We can look at Pigou effect. Keeping purchasing power in the equation, As prices fall and real money balances rise, consumers "should" feel wealthier and spend more. This increase in consumer spending should cause an expansionary shift in the IS curve. 
(case Expected deflation). This debunks your statement "Deflationary economies' malinvestments create underinvestments. Since individuals' wealth increases over time, there is a tendency to save and hold onto your wealth then to lend it out."
It is what should happen, decline in the price level would automatically push the economy back toward full employment. 
We have some theories to explain how falling prices could depress income rather than raise it (deflation causing failure). Your stament 
1. debt‑deflation theory, describes the effects of unexpected falls in the price level. 
2 explains the effects of expected deflation. 
Debt‑deflation theory If a I owe you money, say X amount , then the real amount of this debt is X/Price level. A fall in the price level raises the real amount the amount of purchasing power I must repay. Unexpected deflation improves creditors wealth and depletes debtors. Debtors spend less and creditors spend more. Debtors reduce their spending by more than creditors raise theirs. The net effect is a reduction in spending, a contractionary shift in the IS curve, and lower national income. I might draw IS - LM curve to show this later. 
Its how we can show deflationary economies not growing with deflation and is possible with bitcoin, we could have a complete failure. 
Another point to bring forward, a currency does not create wealth, it distributes it, so far we have seen many people becoming wealth for being early adopters, this is what most likely stop it from being a full currency. Another point say fiat currency its broken today, everyone should instantaneously know how many bitcoins things cost. The answer is no one would know, same with using gold. It is because they are both so heavily reliant on another currency, this is why unfortunately and alot of people will disagree is why bitcoin at the moment is a store of value.
@_date: 2013-10-19 02:35:51
Happens to me all the time, mine says $88 dollars its just a bug which can not do anything with. Can not payout etc.
@_date: 2013-10-19 12:59:09
But the question is what is a bitcoin worth then, if it doesnt rely on fiat currency which it so heavily relies on at the moment. How much of a bitcoin is required to buy some bread?
@_date: 2013-09-08 00:39:10
You do realise there is the ability for unlimited bitcoins as well. Think about what a bank can do if everyone is a customer of that bank. Money will no longer need to exist as by default it takes the form of deposits. They will need cash in their vault of cause, but only when everyone demands cash is their a problem.
Look at coinbase etc, say everyone used coinbase. They do not transmit bitcoins between coinbase accounts but rather increase/decrease the number on that coinbase account. Only when they have to have to process a withdrawal to an address they do not own, is when bitcoins exist.
That is the flaw with bitcoin. The time it takes for transactions, it causes businesses to use merchants which act in the same way a bank does.
@_date: 2013-10-11 08:52:49
Basically Quantity theory of money does not work for bitcoin, the quantity theory of money is the theory that money supply has a direct, proportional relationship with the price level. Before, central banks use to target money supply, for obvious reasons it did not work. Trying to use it for bitcoin is impossible, i just do not understand why people think it must be used. The fact bitcoin has fixed supply is why it doesn't work
@_date: 2013-10-27 00:29:04
Heh, well i just described how a deflationary economy works, inflationary is just the reverse, it all depends is it expected or unexpected deflation/inflation.
@_date: 2013-10-16 09:41:32


I was pointing out to this statement, this is when the system flags it, and is classified income, one off deposits which are large are not uncommon in nature it happens all the time, banks may investigate for any amounts over $10k, sudden changes of large amounts in and out will flag the system. Funds regardless of origin become criminal if unreported, i was unaware American end of financial year is the end of the year. Our reporting season just ended for Tax. I didnt realise you edited all of your comment after i posted mmine, my comment would have been different.
@_date: 2013-10-16 09:34:19
What contributions to society has been made with bitcoins? Have we been able to model financial instruments with his models/works? [Black Scholes]( No. Has he worked on consumption analysis, monetary history and theory and for his demonstration of the complexity of stabilization policy. [Milton Friedman]( No. He has made modifications to a system which still has flaws. If there are to be any nobel prizes it would be on work based on Bitcoin not for the creation unfortunately.
@_date: 2013-10-19 01:07:45
Depending on which city i may be able to help
@_date: 2013-10-16 09:48:51
Yea the system is Pay as you go, i think my confusion with the two systems caused this debacle. My apologise my fellow bitcoin user.
@_date: 2013-10-04 05:08:44
you mention the word the consensus, if in future 51% of people demand more coins to be available then 21 million, does it happen or does it not?