@_author: quilf
@_date: 2016-09-05 18:45:55
Yeah, I mean... I know this. But I don't know enough about the alternatives to know what is a Bad Idea, and what is just taking the hassle out of things. And try finding any reasonable concencus on this without already knowing everything about the blockchain in the first place. The first time I looked at Bitcoin, Mt. Gox happened about three days into reading up. There but for the grace of god. That's why I used Armory the second time.
@_date: 2016-09-05 18:51:44
I am unreasonably excited about this, and am going to spend time moving this money around the internet because I can. Thank You :D
@_date: 2016-09-05 18:27:36
This is a fantastic idea. I've just spent five days synching the blockchain with Armory to learn about bitcoin, and so far the main thing I've learned is that I don't have any. Feel free to teach me something new.
In all seriousness, the main thing that is missing is something to make bitcoin both simple and convenient to use. This is the third time I've looked at bitcoin, and then just walked away in frustration or irritation. And there's no point pretending that I'm less smart or less capable of understanding the economics than the next man. It's just a lot of stuff to take in, and I've got other things going on. 
Once we have that simplicity and convenience, people will start their own giveaways to get you in the door. It won't need to be systematically organised. Cashback in bitcoin will be much, much simpler for retailers to manage than a lot of of the current arcane schemes, for example.
The real serious issue is that there doesn't seem to be anyone willing or able to make it easy and convenient. I mean, sure, the instrinsic concepts are complicated. But the same is true for any other economics. The same is true for electrical engineering. 
People still use ATMs and TVs every single day without thinking about it.
The key is not to get people interested in learning about the inner workings of arcane crypto stuff. The secret is to make it more attractive than the alternatives. 
Nobody would buy a TV if there was a pretty high chance of it disappearing the next week, some sketchy neighbourhoods notwithstanding. Nobody would use an ATM if they needed a password sixtyfive characters long to get in, and they could lose all their money if they typed it in wrong. 
I'm not suggesting solutions, btw. I'm as confused as everyone else, apparently. But I absolutely see Bitcoin becoming foundational. I just can't tell when the transformative moment will be.
 
And to those who say it CAN'T be made simple and convenient, and there will always be a few: if that's true, get rid of your coins. They won't be worth jack if the world catches on.