@_author: quinnharris
@_date: 2014-02-25 13:56:58
If you didn't feel pain when you did something that injures you would you be more likely to continue to do it?
What is happening with Mt. Gox is painful for many including myself.  But this is just motivation to take tangible actions to reduce the chance we have to suffer like this in the future.  For the individual it could be as simple as being more careful about were you keep your bitcoin.  But it also includes improving the open source software tools so exchanges don't have to re implement broken versions.  Or better yet, work to implement a distributed exchanges.  Its also a lesson to other exchanges to not make the same mistakes and work to prove to their customers that they are more trustworthy.  All these responses will make this less likely to be a problem in the future.
Contrast that with the current US financial system where when actors close to the central bank make massive mistakes they get bailed out in part through Federal Reserve asset purchases.  (given this were they really mistakes)  This is a huge moral hazard incentivising the well colluded actors to continue to do what created the mess to begin with.  There is no pain that causes a response reducing future systemic problems.
The inability of anybody to create bitcoin at very low cost to "fix" this problem will ensure that the underlying problems are addressed unlike with the other world fiat economies.  This short term pain will make the whole bitcoin economy stronger in the long run.
Given this, I found the following statement from the article humorous "While we may dislike the government’s regulation and intervention into financial markets, their oversight prevents moral hazard and rampant fraud."
@_date: 2013-12-06 23:13:14
Also check out   I think bitpay is better if you want to integrate with existing e-commerce solutions.  But for simple things like sending someone an email to pay you in bitcoin coinbase.com might work better.
@_date: 2013-10-21 17:01:15
Making the blocksize too big can require massive amount of bandwidth to run a full node.  Keeping it to small would encourage too many transactions to be cleared by smaller centralized clearing entities.  There is not a simple solution like just remove the blocksize limit or don't change it.  Luckily the problem isn't pressing right now, but it does seem possible that could change very rapidly.  Bumping the block size is easy, developing proper open source centralized nodes that clear funds between each other on the blockchain is not simple but doable.
@_date: 2013-10-21 16:46:22
A full node will need significantly more bandwidth than what is needed to download a 1MB block every 10 minutes.  Every transaction would be transmitted before being incorporated into a block alone more than doubling the needed bandwidth.  But every transaction and block are typically transmitted to other connected nodes.  The amount of bandwidth needed for this will depend on the number and what nodes are connected but transmitting everything to at least 3 nodes seems reasonable.  So 1MB block size would likely take at least 6MB of upstream bandwidth every 10 minutes.  This works out to about 80Kbps.  Most consumer DSL connections have at least 256Kbps of upstream bandwidth.  From this you can probably double to triple block size before running a bitcoin node would become a significant problem on the lowest grade internet connections.  Nodes on slow connections will have a tendency to relay less as they will take longer to receive and advertise the availability of inventory items so other nodes will likely request inventory from other faster nodes.
@_date: 2013-10-21 15:39:19
In the short term the transaction fees aren't a significant issue as most of the mining reward is the block reward where new bitcoins are created.  But if the block size is increased it would allow transaction volume to increase to a point where running a full bitcoin node might require more internet bandwidth than what is available on most consumer internet connections.  This could have the effect of centralizing bitcoin nodes in the hands of a few richer and more powerful organizations.  Look at   Most of those in the bitcoin community think the block size limit should be increased (but not eliminated).  Peter Todd a significant contributor and the creator of that website is probably one of the biggest opponents to changing the block size.  So, technically there is not a consensus.  Last I knew Gavin Andresen (head developer) does want to increase the block size and I would guess that within 2 years this will happen.  I expect the block size can be at least doubled before the change will really start to preclude the average person from running a full node.  As Peter Todd points out, the alternative to increasing the block size is to build systems for off chain transactions supported by a diverse set of organizations that use the block chain to clear funds between themselves.
Right now there really isn't a market for transaction fees.  All bitcoin clients just default to a fixed price (was 0.0005 and now 0.0001).  In practice a transaction without a fee will likely be included as there is really no scarcity and it doesn't cost miners much to include any transaction.  If the block size limit is hit, the miners will want to choose the transactions with the highest fees to maximize their profit.  It would be informative to not increase to block size limit to actually create scarcity to see how the market responds.  Gavin is currently working on code to determine transaction fees based on past transaction fees to create a real transaction fee market.  Of course, higher transaction fees will encourage fewer transactions.  A significant number of transactions are betting sites, so higher fees will encourage larger and fewer bets.
Increasing the block size too much could in the long run reduce the incentive to mine because of reduced payout from transaction fees.  (Is this what you mean by tragedy of the commons)  It might be reasonable to adjust the block limit based on changes in the network hash power similar to how the difficulty is adjusted to ensure the incentives to mine remains strong.  But this issues will not be pressing for a few more years.  It can be better to wait for a problem to start to surface than try to make changes when you really have know idea if and how significant the issue will be.
