@_author: quintin3265
@_date: 2014-08-13 18:53:16
As far as I know, it's a beta version.  Am I mistaken?
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:17:08
The best time to buy mining equipment is between bubbles, so that you can turn it on when the next bubble starts.
If you wait to buy mining equipment until a bubble hits, then the prices are too high and by the time you get it, you lose money because you can't start mining until the crash.
On the other hand, I'm shocked at how long it takes people to get into mining.  During the last bubble, I made about $100/day for a month with 4 7970s churning away at altcoins.  Despite graphics cards being readily available, I almost had to beg people to join in on altcoin mining to depress prices and give bitcoins a better chance to survive.  It took months until altcoin mining reached equilibrium, and it takes months for bitcoin mining to reach equilibrium after price changes.
@_date: 2014-02-26 19:35:34
I agree with this point.  People are innocent until proven guilty.  When we find out the real facts in court, then perhaps I'll agree, but indictments only ever include facts on the prosecution's side.  When people are arrested, they haven't even started to find out about the case against them.
@_date: 2014-01-08 22:25:14
Hashrates for litecoins are lower because it is about 1000 times more expensive to produce equivalent ASICs for litecoins than it is for bitcoins.  That's probably why the first litecoin ASICs are still under development.
If you multiply the litecoin hashrate by 1000, you'll get a better idea of the attack risk, which is determined by the amount of money an attacker needs to spend to successfully execute an attack.
@_date: 2014-07-17 18:35:50
New York can't just send police to California to perform a search.
@_date: 2014-02-06 14:08:18
Thanks for the info.  Maybe the best way to go there is to take a software engineering job in Auckland someday that lasts a year or so, and have all the expenses paid for.  The biggest problem that prevents me from going there is that it takes almost 26 hours to get there.  Going to Italy, which takes ten hours, is interminable itself; I can only imagine what it must be like to go to New Zealand.
Maybe someday soon point-to-point suborbital travel will be feasible, and then it will be possible to skip across to the other side of the planet in 45 minutes.
@_date: 2014-01-04 16:41:06
This browser extension is so great that I think it is the real news here.  It is so good that you can actually see it *increasing* business to websites where people wouldn't pay before, since it is too easy to just click "pay" and numbers go into the ether.
Those who visit porn sites will be able to gain entry quickly.  It's not difficult to click "pay 0.001 BTC" to get past a paywall, without having to enter credit card details and having a charge from premiumtransaction.com showing up.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:18:56
There are only two or three countries in the world that are cheaper than here.
@_date: 2014-07-20 16:11:46
A good compliance regimen might be to ban IP addresses from New York, immediately freeze any accounts determined to originate in New York, cease business with New York suppliers, move all servers out of New York, and to avoid communication with people who live in New York after the ban takes place.  While I agree that having anything to do with New York would be illegal, I don't agree with the BTC Guild's panicked posts that they should shut down because they have to collect data for everyone around the world, or that all pools are now unviable.
The true danger is if New York regulations spread elsewhere and the restrictions they place upon open source development in New York.  While I feel bad for people who live there, people in other states don't have to close down their pools because of this.
@_date: 2014-05-20 13:09:51
Again, it's not Pierce's legal issues that have ever made me wary of him.  As he said, he has never been convicted of any crimes, and he is correct in saying that famous people are easy targets for unscrupulous lawyers.  As I said yesterday, this case shares a lot in common with the other child molestation case involving Joe Paterno, where everyone still to this day wrongfully thinks Paterno is guilty even though he was the only person in the whole disaster who did what he was supposed to do.
On the other hand, what people should truly be concerned about is Pierce's past business dealings.  Pierce was involved in businesses that were run into the ground due to poor management and neglect by the administrators.  Later, he became involved in "gold farming" and experience boosting in online games.
While not illegal, his businesses have not been of the sort that help society by producing a great product which everyone wants to buy.  Instead, his businesses make life more difficult for others.  In the case of gaming, his powerleveled characters made him rich while putting people who actually wanted to play the game fairly at a disadvantage.
Pierce is not fit to serve on the board not because of his sexual history, but because of his business history.  They should be electing people who produce innovative products that serve the community, not people whose products make life difficult for people and take advantage of others.
@_date: 2014-03-01 20:37:53
I don't side with either side in terms of policies.  However, I do respect Democrats more than Republicans, because of how Republicans treat the Democrats.
You need to have a basic level of respect for your opponents in order to debate with them.  Republicans should be talking about why their ideas are better than Democratic ideas.  Instead, they make up these terms in an attempt to confuse people and denigrate their opponents.  The terms are slight pejoratives meant to disrespect people just enough so that they don't get called on it.
I would disagree with Democrats too, but the fact is that Democrats maintain a higher level of decorum.  They don't refer to Republicans as the "Republic" party; they refer to them as Republicans.  There is this idea in society that we need to consider all viewpoints as equally valid, but until Republicans have respect for people, that just isn't true.
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:09:23
As if the 2000 other people who commented on that initial post are not "big vocal opponents?"  Or, are you falling into the trap that is a "big voice" because he has more money than all the other people on reddit?
@_date: 2014-03-24 16:45:54
If they aren't willing to accept your submissions, my advice would be to simply do nothing.  Don't disclose, resubmit, or use the vulnerabilities.  It's their job to keep their site secure, not yours.
Disclosing the vulnerabilities could only have negative legal consequences against you.  If you believe that the vulnerabilities make the site insecure for you to use, then withdraw your money and go elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:09:16
Why do these developers create such great ideas, and then they ruin them by attaching them to altcoins?
When will people finally recognize that the reason projects like namecoin and Ethereum will not succeed is because bitcoins are fine for storing value?  These other chains should be building their ideas on top of bitcoins and paying people in bitcoins, not in some obscure altcoin that nobody wants.  It is entirely possible to implement these ideas on top of bitcoin and at the same time provide value to the bitcoin network.
Also, a tip to these people:  declaring 22% of the currency to be used for "development activities" kills off any trust you have with users.
@_date: 2014-03-06 15:42:02
That doesn't make sense.  He directly said that he was the creator of bitcoin when he said he'd moved on to other things, and he didn't want to talk about that anymore.
He didn't say "I've never been involved."  By saying that he didn't want to talk about it "anymore," he admitted to having been involved in the past.
It's possible to dispute whether the man is trying to gain fame by lying that he was the creator, but you can't dispute this article by saying that Satoshi denied his involvement like many seem to be trying to do.
@_date: 2014-08-14 00:43:29
They also don't have that many coins listed.
@_date: 2014-07-02 00:56:28
What's with these stupid subreddits where people waste their days linking to other posts to make fun of people?  Is this somehow "cool" now, and these people feel better for making subs to put others down?
@_date: 2014-07-16 20:54:30
I've been working on a new mining pool that mines altcoins for the past eight months.  The software is complete and most of what remains is dealing with business and legal issues.  We plan to launch next month.
If you want an idea of what it takes to get started, we will be paying $219.99/month in bandwidth.  We paid $6100 for a development and production server, a UPS, router, and support equipment.  The debt doesn't include any legal services or fees that might be required to incorporate because we haven't researched that yet, nor does it include travel expenses for the person who is going today to install all the hardware at the site.
The total amount of effort invested is 1349.44 hours, 95% by two people, as of this morning, and I spent 29 weekends at an average of 9 hours per weekend day and holiday (excluding the Sunday before Memorial Day, which I took off).  We estimate that we need to get at least 10-20 GH/s in scrypt miners to declare the pool a success; otherwise, our profits will be under the $250k/yr that we could make through normal jobs.  The number is high because remember that health insurance alone can cost $15-20k/yr, and also that it doesn't make sense to work 70 hours a week at a pool when you can make the same amount working 40 hours a week elsewhere.
The initial estimates were that the pool would require 300 hours to complete and launch in April, but it will most likely require 1600-1700 hours and launch in August.
If you are going to start a pool, you need to plan on at least 30 weekends of non-stop work and have $10k available to get started.  There are many "pools" that throw up some open source software, but almost all of them are revenue-negative because a pool needs significant investment to be up 24/7, which is what miners require.  The open source software is buggy and pool operations are a security-focused business; you can't operate a pool unless you completely understand 100% of what the code you are running does.  Hundreds of pools come and go because the owners get "hacked" or don't provide a stable product.
Hopefully some of these numbers are helpful to you.
@_date: 2014-07-21 01:40:57
Of course they shouldn't accept customers in New York.  There's also some people who are saying things like "just put up a notice and turn the other way."  I don't agree with that.
However, as I said in another post, there's a huge difference between knowing that someone is from New York and looking the other way, and immediately banning everyone you know to be from New York while at the same time refusing connections from New York IP addresses.  If it turns out that someone from New York was using the pool, the outcome is hugely different in each case.
@_date: 2014-05-20 12:57:47
Who would sign such a contract?  If I were invited to some site, I would simply decline the invitation if they required me to sign legal paperwork.  I don't want to expose myself to liability, and their site isn't important enough to me to justify the time required to participate in that instance.
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:19:52
The best way to secure bitcoins is to make lots of backups of them and place them in different locations.
For the backups, don't use RAID or custom hardware; use a well-known and mature filesystem like NTFS.  That way, if a drive has a spindle motor failure, then a data recovery company can easily recover the data.
Finally, you mention flash drives.  Once you store bitcoins on a flash drive, it cannot be used for anything else.  Flash drives cannot be securely erased like hard drives, so you can't sell a solid state disk later once you've put a wallet on it.  It's easy to destroy data on a hard drive (just do a "full format,") but overwriting a file on a flash drive generally means you will just write to a new sector of the disk, leaving the old file intact.
@_date: 2014-06-09 12:01:49
That's peanuts.  When you're talking about the courts, you need to be dealing in the tens of thousands before the time is worth it.  I've lost more money than $1200 in claims I can't get processed by UnitedHealthcare and there's not really much that can be done about it.
Remember, not showing up for work to battle in court is costly, and so are lawyers' fees.  If you can work for 40 hours and make $1200, or go to court 40 hours and pay $600 in fees to win $1200, it makes more sense to just write off a week's vacation and earn it back, rather than suing.
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:05:55
It was so unexpected that nobody would have thought to record the call.  Think about if someone was calling Apple about a routine iPhone problem; there would certainly be no reason to suspect there would be any need to record such a mundane conversation.
@_date: 2014-03-04 18:15:30
Isn't this already the standard?  It's not as if anything you're describing hasn't been known in security circles for about a decade.
I'm writing an altcoin mining pool and it has all of those features.  There are five servers, connected by SSL, and each of the servers only accepts connections from certain other servers.  The database server never accepts connections except from the other servers.  The wallets are encrypted and only the trading server can spend them, so if someone hacks the webserver, they can do nothing more than query their balances.  Each server has permission only to modify columns in the database that it needs to.  The passwords are 24-character random strings of letters and numbers, and SSH is disabled.  I have physical control of the server and don't run it on a VPS at some random company across the country.
The database has triggers that check lots of error conditions each time a row is inserted and reject transactions which would make the books not balance.  Before we launch, I'm writing an entire other system to periodically query the database and compare it to the hot and cold wallet balances.  It checks things that could indicate serious problems, like clocks not being synchronized or abnormal numbers of IPs reported by fail2ban.
If even a single transaction ever occurs where the books don't balance, this second system will shut down the entire pool and E-Mail someone to investigate.
If I do this for a pool that only holds two days of revenue, I don't understand how it is possible that people running "banks" or "exchanges" throw out code to production servers without even testing it.
There is nothing wrong with bitcoins.  Bitcoins are not "insecure" or "prone to theft."  There's a reason why Coinbase hasn't been hacked and Mark Karpeles was - because this doesn't happen to people who take measures against it.  We don't need revolutionary security practices or special hardware.  All of the knowledge to prevent these attacks has been available for years, but the bitcoin community seems to be ripe with stupid programmers who think that they are smarter than everyone else and that they don't need testing to uncover their mistakes.
Note: I edited this post to point out that when a system detects hacking or another problem, there is a way to mitigate against the attack.  The secondary check system can shut down the primary and issue a double-spend with an inordinately high transaction fee, so that all the money in the discrepant wallet goes to another cold wallet controlled by the legitimate site.  A loss is taken by the huge transaction fee, but it's better that a mining pool get the fee than the hacker get away with anything.
@_date: 2014-02-12 22:28:11
I don't know why people continually bring up this ridiculous idea of people paying with phones or NFC.
That has been talked about for years, and it still provides no benefits over the existing payments system.  I don't need to own a smartphone to use a credit card, the credit card never runs out of battery power, it never breaks down, nobody can install a listening device nearby to copy the RF information sent over the air, and it doesn't take any less time.
Bitcoin is a different story.  But when it comes to traditional payments, credit cards aren't going anywhere because NFC and cell phones do not provide any benefits over the simplicity of a credit card.
@_date: 2014-01-22 13:10:34
The reason this problem is unsolvable has nothing to do with technical issues.  It's because getting everyone to agree on a single solution, and then getting people to spend thousands of dollars to upgrade when there is no personal incentive to any single user is extremely difficult.
This is a tragedy of the commons, and the 1MB transaction limit is the most serious issue (and perhaps only) issue that I see preventing bitcoins from becoming the world currency.
@_date: 2014-04-05 14:02:27
Why is this post being downvoted?  tetondon has a valid point.  Disagreeing with a post is not a valid reason for downvoting it.
@_date: 2014-08-15 15:16:15
I am running my own mining company, and I do do what is reasonable.  I publish the details of every share users mine and, as soon as we can do so without using too much CPU time, even hope to post full financial reports.  Every user who mines with the pool will be able to see exactly what they are being paid and the reasons why.  It's because being honest and transparent is simply the right thing to do.
What I don't do is hold votes to determine policy and then disregard them.  Doing so is dishonest, unprofessional, and may not even be legal.  That is the wrong thing to do.
This situation is bad because they misrepresented themselves, likely attracting many new customers who signed up solely because they wanted to support network decentralization.  They were on the front page here for days, and newspapers wrote articles about their courageous decision.
Now, they suddenly changed their minds and yet they get to enjoy the free publicity that everyone here was fooled into giving them.  They took advantage of people here who supported them.  That is wrong and they deserve to lose customers because of it.
@_date: 2014-04-01 18:30:54
But there aren't any reliable exchanges that can support the volume of Wall St just yet.  For Wall St to get involved, there has to be a Wall St exchange.  BTC-e doesn't cut it.
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:36:33
Why didn't Jones sell some of his Gox bitcoins?  They were trading at 0.3 before the announcement.  He could have had enough money to retire.
@_date: 2014-01-24 17:15:34
@_date: 2014-04-18 16:11:03
This is a disaster.  What shocks me is that this letter is written as if the company should somehow be salvaged.
What is with these bankrupt companies' managers deluding themselves into thinking they can just ignore fraud and insolvency and continue operating?  Until the Japanese bankruptcy court finally put an end to it, Karpeles was on IRC throwing around ridiculous business plans to somehow restore Mt Gox to profitability.
Mt Gox was mismanaged, it failed, and it is time for investors to be paid out the remnants and to move on.  Likewise, Neo and Bee will never recover from this no matter how delusional managers are, so pay out people what is left and move on.  Let the courts investigate Karpeles and Brewster and indict them if necessary.
There are plenty of business opportunities out there.  I hope that nobody is considering sinking money into Neo and Bee to save it.  Trust is the most important aspect of a business.  There are many other reputable people who would be very successful if given a chance, so the bar is high.  The community should not be expending resources on any organizations that have been mismanaged like this.  They should fail and be replaced by people who know what they are doing.
@_date: 2014-08-13 15:17:30
It's not launched yet.
@_date: 2014-03-21 12:08:54
I've seen a few of these recently, in various threads.  Someone or a group of people is writing cryptic messages that sound as if they are trying to make a point with rhetorical flourish, but it's all just patent nonsense.
I reported the post.  If that was a clever attempt to get a point across, then it needs to be made in clear language next time.
@_date: 2014-04-02 12:25:10
This is ridiculous.  Threatening people is unacceptable, but everyone who is CEO of some company or another has received death threats.  I headed a website and people threatened me all the time.
You can't shut down your business because of a single threat.
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:35:09
Is there any evidence that Satoshi is actually being hounded by reporters, scammers and thieves?
Or, is it possible that people here are making too big a deal of this?  This forum has had a habit of overstating bitcoin's importance in the world.  I doubt that most people care about who Nakamoto is.
@_date: 2014-07-15 20:33:34
I didn't accuse you of receiving any money for this article - you said that.  My post was very clear and its wording is carefully limited and truthful in what it says.  I stated that Crytocoinsnews writes "sponsored articles," and accepts money to write articles on sponsored products, both of which which are true.  I don't appreciate people lying about what I said.
I disapprove of this practice and disagree with you that it isn't a big deal.  People get easily confused about what a "sponsored article" means and how it differs from normal articles.  In addition, writing a positive sponsored article damages the site's credibility because writers are less likely (even if subconsciously) to write a negative article about the same product that is placed next to it.
Most importantly, sponsored articles provide no value to the community.  They pollute Google with results that encourage people who are unfamiliar with bitcoins to click on them.  Google does not list "sponsored articles" differently in its results and these useless articles unfairly raise the PageRank of sites over those who stick to legitimate journalism.  Sponsored articles need to go away so that we have more completely unbiased reporting around here.
@_date: 2014-01-05 15:58:16
I feel the need to point out that this post has been downvoted to irrelevance, but I bought at $900 and sold today at $1000.
Feel free to downvote all you want.  I'll see you at the bank.  There's a reason why people say to "buy the rumor."
@_date: 2014-01-03 16:08:08
I agree with you about people wanting to make a buck, but that still isn't an excuse for not learning about things.
I'm always surprised about how many people know nothing about how computers work, but use computers 10 hours a day.  When their computers get infected with toolbars because they don't know basic security procedures, they complain about how they get popups advertising different products or that their computers are slow.
These people, for some reason, hold a belief that they can't learn how to fix these problems.  To them, computers are something that other people know, and they don't.  Even after telling them that some Internet research and a few hours is all that is necessary to prevent the issue, I can never seem to get it to stick that they can learn something.
It can be computers, cooking, home improvement, or cars.  You can go muddle through life expecting that other people will do everything for you, but truly successful people recognize that learning the basics behind the things they use and do is key to navigating today's high-tech world.  Even though I am not an auto mechanic, I took several hours to learn how to do an oil change, how to change a tire, and how an internal combustion engine works.  This basic knowledge has saved me thousands of dollars and bad will that I would have had to either pay people to do for me, or ask them to do for free.  It also benefits you socially, as you can help other people who believe that they cannot learn.
There is an exponential rule of diminishing returns - to become an expert in something, it takes a lot of time, but you can become proficient in most things with very little effort.
I highly recommend that you take some time to understand the blockchain, public key cryptography, and hash algorithms.  These are things that are going to be critical to the future of society.  If you don't understand these concepts, you will be left behind.
@_date: 2014-08-13 15:16:17
The system is designed to withdraw as much money as possible into our wallets every morning, but you have to send money to the exchange to trade it, even if it is only for 24 hours.
There's only $100 or so in Cryptsy, so the money is not important even if it is lost.  The cost of developer time and lost revenue while another exchange is implemented is far beyond that $100.
There is no issue with holding with wallets outside of Cryptsy; the issue is that we need some place to trade.  If I can't send in Krugercoins, sell them for bitcoins, use the bitcoins to buy darkcoins, and then withdraw the darkcoins, it doesn't matter how long I hold them in the exchange.  If I can't get the darkcoins out, then there is no reason to send the Krugercoins in.
@_date: 2014-08-14 12:14:38
This is false.  There is no transaction malleability issue with Cryptsy.
Their issue was poor customer service, which they have at least started to address by responding to tickets.  They should have been on top of their tech support, but there is no evidence to suggest that they are bankrupt or making excuses intentionally.
@_date: 2014-02-14 16:12:51
Why does anyone care whatsoever about the Silk Road's administrators?  I couldn't care less about what happens to them.
I understand the argument that we need to have trustworthy exchanges and regulation.  But whether the Silk Road, or some other illegal marketplace, is trustworthy or not has no influence on the future of bitcoins.  Wall Street investors aren't going to decide whether to invest in bitcoins based upon whether drug dealers steal money from each other, but they may be influenced by whether Coinbase has quality software or not.
People make it sound as if the churn on these darknet sites is unprecedented.  In the real world, drug dealers kill each other over which corner they can sell at, plan robberies and hits, and scam people all the time.
If one of these darknet marketplaces ever stays up for more than a few months without any issues, I'll be surprised.  Why wouldn't a site operator steal money?  He's not doing anything more illegal than what he's doing already, and it's not like people can go to the cops and complain that user X stole the money they earned by selling cocaine.
All that has happened here is that a lot of shady people who used to deal on street corners have now moved online.  That doesn't change their general behavior or attitude towards life.    Many of these guys source drugs from Mexican cartels who don't think twice about sending 12-year-olds to shoot their enemies in cold blood in the middle of the street.  What do you expect from such scumbags?  These people are going to continue to scam each other for a long time.  We'll hear about this again in a few months with the next site that gets set up.
@_date: 2014-04-11 18:39:41
This page is outdated and does not reflect the true issues facing bitcoin.
Nobody was ever concerned with whether a CPU can process the number of transactions or how much disk space bitcoin consumes.  The concern has always been how to gain consensus to change the shortcomings in the bitcoin protocol, the most significant of which is the 1MB transaction limit.
There are many solutions to these problems, and almost all of them are excellent.  The major risk to bitcoin is that a bubble occurs before they are fixed and the protocol is locked in.
This price dive has given bitcoin an excellent opportunity to find solutions to these issues before it is too late.
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:17:24
I have 4x 7970s.
I started working on a pool because I foresaw the introduction of scrypt ASICs, but I had figured that I would be able to mine until the pool was ready.  In such a situation, the people who sell the shovels (i.e. the pools) make the money, while people who bought enormous water-cooled ASIC farms are huge losers.  
Even though I'm turning my cards off, this price is a blessing, because we need one month to launch.  Once we can launch, I'm confident that we'll blow the Middlecoin pool away in terms of features.  When the price of bitcoins rises to $5k this year, there will be a frenzy again in altcoins, and we'll have gained a customer base before the bubble.
For those who are interested, had we developed the pool last year, that graph would have read about $39.  The combination of people buying GPUs and the bottom falling out on bitcoins has caused profitability to decline by a factor of 15.
@_date: 2014-02-21 17:52:46
Well, we can demand that the services not act as fractional reserve, and everyone could have every intention of honoring that.
There isn't any evidence that any exchange, including Mt Gox, ever intended to operate a fractional reserve operation.  In Mt Gox's case, they could have been operating in a fractional reserve for some time without knowing about it because people were stealing from them.
I think this demand is missing the point, simply because there isn't any evidence that it is a problem.  Of course, it would be excellent to have both, better coding and more qualified engineering is a more important goal and it would be more effective to focus on that first.
@_date: 2014-08-13 21:27:45
This is a good idea.  Cryptsy has the best API in the industry.  Nobody else has push support and Mintpal still has a beta version.  But Cryptsy has frequently taken a long time to get back to me or completely lost the support tickets.
For example, a month ago someone told me that I could sign a non-disclosure agreement to get access to the block numbers of Cryptsy's coin daemons so our pool wouldn't mine a different fork from Cryptsy.  When asked for the form, the person who was responsible for that never replied to our E-Mail.  
Maybe the freshdesk system isn't providing the necessary alerts, but surely I am not the only person who has had this experience.
@_date: 2014-03-26 15:34:31
This seems great at first, but keep in mind that many countries charge ridiculously high VAT.
My brother sells many items on eBay.  Most of his customers are from Brazil.  In Brazil, there is a 90% import tax on electronics.  A PlayStation 4 costs about 1400 US dollars in Brazil because the manufacturer marks it up even higher than the import tax.
It is cheaper for Brazilian citizens to buy used items on eBay, and pay only 90% import tax, than it costs to buy items where manufacturers further mark up the tax.  Some customers ask him to declare items as "gifts," which we later found out is illegal because it avoids this tax.
There are also many EU citizens who buy from him, but he often gets products returned to sender because of customs regulations.  A few months ago, a broken processor was returned with some warning text in German all over it, but we never were able to figure out exactly why because it was in German.
These are things that are not an issue for US buyers, who don't have to worry about these import taxes.
@_date: 2014-03-24 02:49:36
I agree that the existing system is not working out.  However, I also think that recent events are beginning to show that the new system is not working either.  Surely you have to see that it's becoming apparent that these exchanges are not serving our interest any more than big banks are.
All that I know is that my bank has never caused me to lose a dime, ever.  I've lost more money to these exchanges than I have to my bank in fees.
I do think that regulation is required for exchanges.  I did not previously think that, but Mt Gox and Vircurex changed my mind.  Regulation prevents people from doing bad things.
As to what I would do, I am 100% certain that, if our business model involved holding large numbers of coins, I would do what I said:  shut down immediately or buy the missing coins immediately.  I wouldn't make a vague promise to pay out of some future profits.  I would pay the losses and then make my own money back later.  What these guys did was to make their customers' money back later, which is wrong.
We are actually now considering raising our starting fees by 1% to deal with the irresponsibility of these exchanges.  There are real costs to this.  Regulation raises costs, but an unregulated market imposes risks on its participants.  Some of these losses will likely be passed onto miners by altcoin mining pools in the form of higher fees.
@_date: 2014-04-28 15:15:57
The reason why 35% of full nodes are running version 0.9.1 is because the developers have done a poor job of making bitcoin able to be built on all platforms.
I run a bitcoin 0.8.6 full node for my mining pool.  I can't run 0.9.0 or 0.9.1 because both of them won't build on Debian for different reasons.  While I'd love to say that I want to support the network, it costs real money to spend time on trying to fix that problem when 0.8.6 runs just fine.
Until there is more attention to platform testing, it doesn't matter how well development proceeds, because nobody is going to upgrade.
@_date: 2014-03-10 15:39:38
Please stop promoting Ethereum.
Ethereum may not be a scam, but it is little better.  About 22.5% of Ethereum coins are being held by the developers for "development activities."  If Ethereum were to become as popular as bitcoin, the developers would have 2 billion dollars for their "development."
Unlike litecoins or most other coins, Ethereum was not distributed fairly for miners to make a choice whether or not to get in.  Instead, much of Ethereum is pre-mined.  They don't publicize this, so most people aren't aware.
I will never support Ethereum and I suggest that people here do not either.  Nobody needs to assign themselves 22.5% of a currency for any purpose.  Ethereum is little better than Ripples, which are mostly held by the corporation that created them, and which makes huge profits when their value increases.
@_date: 2014-08-13 16:54:50
Stop lying and making false accusations.
It was stated very clearly in the post that the pool has not launched yet.  I also stated very clearly that they have less than $100 and that is hardly enough to cause anyone to go bankrupt.
If you don't believe what I'm saying, then call them yourself and see if you can get someone to answer the phone.  If your call causes them to start answering the phones, then I'll gladly be wrong.
@_date: 2014-08-14 18:34:01
I'm not exactly what you mean by "shot it down."  They responded to the ticket, which was the purpose of the post.
The people who are stating that there is a transaction malleability attack or that Cryptsy is making excuses are starting conspiracy theories without any evidence.  There isn't anything wrong here except for poor customer service.
@_date: 2014-04-08 18:10:47
The issue here is that version 0.9.0 of bitcoind has a dependency that other programs on the machine use a different version of.  Had this issue not been fixed, then it would be impossible to upgrade bitcoin to any new version until it was.  The only workaround was to delete the other programs using the dependency, which is impossible.
Since 0.9.0 was not a hard fork, the issue had little impact until this serious security vulnerability came up.  Now that people are forced to upgrade, this is a big deal.
Fortunately, Gavin Andresen, the lead developer, replied above to state that the issue had been resolved in 0.9.1, so my complaint is invalid now.
@_date: 2014-01-03 13:13:45
If you don't know what these things are, then you should read up on them before you buy bitcoins.
Warren Buffet is famous for not buying technology stocks, because he never invests in things he can't understand.  He does a pretty good job with Berkshire Hathaway, which only owns McDonalds, Coke, and similar companies.
If you can't explain the technicals behind bitcoins, then how can you know you made a good investment or not?  For example, if the 1MB transaction limit starts to cause the collapse of the network, will you be able to tell why it is happening and when it is time to get out, or will you lose all your money?
It may be difficult to learn, but these are things you just have to do in order to invest wisely.
@_date: 2014-05-13 11:52:11
The article is paywalled.
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:19:40
That might be true, but it would be a better use of your time to spend half the time on advertising and half the time on development, rather than spending all the time on development.
I often find myself avoiding buying stuff because the benefit isn't worth the time scouring the Internet to find the best product among thousands of choices.  Cell phones are an example: my cell phone's camera is broken and I have plenty of money to buy a new phone, but there are too many phones to choose from and I'd rather spend my valuable Saturdays doing something than wasting time buying stuff.  Obviously, I can't just watch TV and buy the first phone that's advertised.
If someone wants a business idea, they should start a "personal purchasing" service.  The customer sends out a brief list of items and requirements, the purchaser searches the Internet for the best items, and if the customer keeps an item, he pays the purchaser a commission on the items he keeps.  If the purchaser does a poor job, the item is returned and no commission is paid.  This would be particularly useful for items like getting jeans in the latest fashion when you don't want to be bothered to research fashion trends.
@_date: 2014-05-04 11:39:51
If I were in this position, and my hosting company had accepted a spoofed E-Mail address, I would immediately terminate my account and begin the process of moving all servers before coming back online.  Then I would investigate whether the company can be sued for their negligence.
It amazes me how so many people just think this is par for the game with hosting companies and allow it to slide.
@_date: 2014-08-12 14:37:46
Litecoin is the only altcoin that has things you can buy from it other than tipping.  It is the reserve currency against which all other altcoins are traded.
Cryptsy, for instance, trades all of its currencies in litecoins, but only some of them in bitcoins.  If you want to exchange two lesser altcoins, the only way to do it is to sell for litecoins, and then to buy the other currency with those litecoins.
Altcoin traders need to hold large litecoin balances because you need to have litecoin available to make quick trades.
@_date: 2014-03-01 17:32:48
This article is extremely riddled with flaws and errors.  I don't know why it has received so many comments.
Some of the other theories on this issue were at least presented professionally.  While some say that people here are in an alternate reality when it comes to getting their money back, this article reads like a Republican talking point.  Republicans seem to think that if you just use the right terms enough, then those things will be true, so they refer to their opponents as the "Democrat party" instead of their official name, they referred to the Affordable Care Act as "Obamacare" (before he actually adopted their name), and they call people making $249,000 per year "small businesses."
In this article, there are terms like "Empty Gox," which is repeated often enough to make it sound as if there is irrefutable evidence that Gox was always "empty."  It's easy to get confused in all the statements that are presented as if they are true when they are just opinions.
Then there are outright lies, like the "billion dollars," when the amount of money lost is less than half that much (anyone with a calculator can figure that out).  Obviously, if you repeat that a billion dollars was stolen more than 20 times, then that makes it true.  Falkvinge states that the People's Bank of China "ended bitcoin trading" on February 1, when the bank did no such thing.  Then there's the allegation that CoinLab was not provided server access, when there has been no published settlement or trial indicating that, only allegations.  Even if that had been the case, surely everyone would know that lawsuits are never settled for the full amount of the suit, and settlements take years to occur, so Gox would not sell enough bitcoins to cover the full amount of the settlement anyway, and certainly not immediately.
Then there is the part that is mostly speculation with few facts to back it up.  Bitcoins are hard to secure; it is not difficult to believe that bitcoin thefts have occurred; yet this article seems to make it sound as if almost every site that has had bitcoin losses was a scam.  Those are the sorts of allegations without proof that get people sued for libel.
In short, of all the articles I've seen written on this subject, this one is the worst.  It is inaccurate, misleading, opinionated, and as the disclaimer states, the author has a conflict of interest in this matter.  This is not investigative journalism, but an attack piece to get people riled up.
@_date: 2014-01-14 16:59:18
The reason that GHash.io has the largest marketshare is simple: it has zero fees.
You simply can't compete with free.  These guys are losing huge amounts of money to offer their service.  
If I were a bitcoin miner, I would use their service simply because I can make more money with them than I can with Slush.
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:10:34
This is critical.  People make it sound as if the proposal can be "improved," but it cannot.  The only reasonable solution is to start over.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:14:39
The most important aspects of pools, in my opinion, are:
1.  Stability is more important than the fee, because being down just 14 minutes results in losses greater than a 1% fee difference
2.  They need to be completely transparent about their earnings and their payouts (unlike the middlecoin pool)
3.  The operators need to be known by name and address, so that they can be trusted not to run away with money or perform 51% attacks (unlike GHash.io)
The success or failure of the business will prove whether people actually agree with these principles or not, I suppose.
@_date: 2014-01-24 14:12:00
To be fair, there were people who did exactly that.  In order to get the domain name I need to succeed for my upcoming altcoin mining pool, I will likely have to pay $1000.
The reason I have to do that is because all the easy-to-type domain names were registered by squatters long ago.  The cost of domain registration has gone up so much and they register so much junk that I fail to see how they make any money, but it must be a profitable business.
@_date: 2014-08-21 13:41:27
This chart is irrelevant.
The chart that should be posted is "total dollar amount of transactions."  The number of transactions simply lists how much spam there is at any given time.  There are no conclusions that can be drawn about network growth from this chart.
@_date: 2014-02-25 13:08:55
Why did the April 2013 bubble burst?  Because Mt Gox couldn't keep its trading engine online, of course.
@_date: 2014-02-08 02:43:48
If he did hire hitmen, then he deserves life without parole.  That isn't a matter of bitcoins or dollars; it's simply basic human decency.  You don't pay people to kill others and get away with it.
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:37:44
Hopefully, what I plan to announce in 1-2 months will give people another option.  This will probably blow over by then, though.
@_date: 2014-01-08 18:00:38
To be fair, I think you're missing the point here.  Everyone has great business ideas that should work.  The problem is that few of the ideas are actually successful.  Not only is having a good product not good enough, but the bad products are often more successful than the good ones.
The problem is that there is so much data on the Internet that it is nearly impossible to get people to look at anything.  In 2000, I was able to publish a blog and write programs that were downloaded thousands of times.  Today, if I created a good video on YouTube, nobody would watch it, because there's just too much junk out there.  There are so many videos of cats doing stupid things and would rather watch them because they won't find your movie.
In addition, people don't care whether something is great.  They only care if it passes the bare minimum threshold necessary for them to accomplish whatever task they are trying to do.  They'll use the first program that meets the threshold, not search for the best one.
You can't just decide to quit your job, create a product, and post it online.  Unlike 15 years ago, you need to have a lot of money at your disposal to get attention to anything.  If you don't have the funds required to do this, then the unfortunate truth is that you should not waste your time writing the software.  Even then, focusing your effort on being the absolute best is a bad business decision - you can make more money by spending half the time on two apps instead, each of which is less perfect but is adequate for the task.
@_date: 2014-01-26 22:27:05
True, but not all bitcoins have been mined, some bitcoins have been lost, and some bitcoins will not be for sale.  The price is higher than the level of commerce would suggest because some people use bitcoins as a store of wealth.
@_date: 2014-02-27 15:21:09
The reaction to this post here shows how unwelcoming a place this really is.  It's why I'll be posting in from now on, where they appreciate helpful commentary.
If you want others to stop saying that this forum hates newbies, then people need to stop upvoting posts with personal attacks so they show up at the top of the threads.  Obviously, people here do not appreciate a civil conversation.  I report threads like this and the moderators do nothing about them, so they obviously don't care either.
Voorhees knows how to get his point across in a professional way.  You people do not.  This forum deserves its reputation as a place for closedmindedness and exclusion of outsiders.
I've posted here for years, but I will be limiting my visits in the future.  Good luck to all.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:17:29
I'm not sure I understand this comment.  Are you saying that 20% of miners aren't paying electricity costs?
If so, that doesn't make sense.  Nobody gets free electricity.
@_date: 2014-07-15 23:19:21
Again, you are lying about what I said.  I never said that sites should have no advertising.  Stop twisting my words.
Advertising is necessary for some sites to survive.  An ad, like a text ad or a banner ad is very different than a "sponsored article."  
@_date: 2014-01-06 15:37:29
Miners have the authority to create blocks with any transactions they would like.
Some miners, like ASICMINER did in July, create blocks with zero transactions.  Others create blocks with 1MB of transactions.  Many use the default bitcoind implementation, which uses "bitcoin days destroyed" to determine which transactions are worthy of inclusion in a block.
I've been working on a mining pool (for litecoins) recently.  A complicated algorithm is necessary to determine whether a transaction has enough value to justify including it in a block.  I calculate it as follows: I have 10Mbps of upload bandwidth available for the litecoind daemon.  Blocks come out every 2.5 minutes.  Blocks have 50 litecoins as a reward.
Therefore, each second of delay is worth 50 / 150 seconds = 0.33 litecoins, because there is a 1 in 150 chance that someone else could find a block in that second.  The actual cost is either 0 or 50 litecoins; this number is the expected value over a long time.
I need to upload a full block all the way before it counts.  Since I can upload 1250KB in one second, that means that a 1KB transaction to me is worth 0.33/1250 = 0.000264 litecoins.  Therefore, when the pool launches in May, I will not include transactions with fees less than 0.000264 LTC/KB in my blocks.
You can take this further and estimate the optimal amount of upload bandwidth for the litecoin daemon.  I pay $110/month for 10Mbps, but I can get 20Mbps for $370/month.  At 20Mbps, my transaction fees only need to be half what they are at 10Mbps: 0.000132 LTC/KB.  But since the connection is three times more expensive, there needs to be three times as many transactions available with fees lower than 0.000132 LTC, which is currently not the case.  Therefore, I won't pay Comcast for the faster connection.  Were the price of litecoins to rise enough that it caused transaction fees to fall, then it would be worth paying for the faster connection.
Hopefully, this post gives you an idea of the economics of which transactions should be included in blocks.  As you can see, there is no simple algorithm which applies to the entire network.  Each pool includes transactions that have the appropriate fees to make it most profitable based on the bandwidth available to it.
@_date: 2014-04-01 16:42:43
This is one of the best April Fools jokes I've seen in a while.  The best jokes get all the facts right and make it seem just slightly outlandish, but not outside the realm of possibility.
The "breaking" also lends credence to this.  Everyone likes to read "breaking news," which is probably why everything on CNN is now breaking news.
@_date: 2014-06-04 17:45:11
If you're trying to store bitcoins that you never spend, then using a very long passphrase and storing the wallet on the disk is probably a better idea than simply moving it offline.
It is impossible to crack a wallet that is encrypted with a random password, and if you never decrypt it, then keyloggers can't steal your password.  But I think people underestimate how often storage media fails.  Having an extra copy in addition to the other four your have could be a lifesaver.  You can probably expect a hard drive to fail after about three years.  If you store three drives from different manufacturers and don't constantly perform patrol reads on them, the odds that you will lose all your money are as high as 1/27 as soon as three years!  You need a LOT of copies and you need to verify those copies frequently.
once lost something like $6.5m in bitcoins because all three of his backups failed.  It is far more likely that you'll end up in a situation like he did, rather than that someone will be able to crack the password for an encrypted wallet by brute force.
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:17:37
I don't.  If you ever did business with BitInstant legally, you'll know that their customer service was a sham and that they were far from "instant."
I don't feel pity for these guys at all.  Let them rot in jail.
@_date: 2014-08-20 18:41:57
The most important part of this is not related to gambling; it shows that Coinbase is willing to cave to other companies and governments.
When those copyright infringement notices for downloading things started going around, Verizon distinguished themselves by going to court to prevent companies from obtaining the names of their customers.  Coinbase, on the other hand, took the easy way out, and that will cost them customers and generate negative publicity, as it should.
@_date: 2014-07-19 14:31:54
There are no solutions to this problem.  However, I don't share your opinion that you need to be concerned with every possible person who might send a bitcoin to someone in New York.
I posted why we don't plan to do business in New York at We will milk the system to gain as much time possible, and then on the last day simply prohibit signups from people in New York.  We will make it clear that New York users are prohibited, and if someone from New York is discovered to be using the system, we will freeze his or her earnings (because we can't legally pay them out) and delete his or her account.
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:11:02
bitcoin doesn't use up all of my upload bandwidth, even though I'm running daemons for 30 different types of coins on one virtual machine.
I initially thought that before I launched my mining pool, I would have to investigate ways to keep the pool usable by restricting upload bandwidth to these daemons.  But it turns out that they only use 1Mbps of bandwidth put together, after the initial blockchain download.
I'm also surprised at how the nodes are all located in the same places, which is bad if a disaster hits.  Apparently, I am the only person in State College running a node; yet, 200 miles east, there are hundreds of nodes in New York City.
@_date: 2014-03-26 15:28:16
Why is this post being downvoted?
This is a valid opinion.  Disagreeing with a post is not a reason for downvoting it.  Downvoting posts like this is why some people here decide not to come back.
@_date: 2014-02-16 16:34:55
Usually the simplest explanation is the true one.
Here, the simplest explanation is that someone is committing fraud by sending E-Mails with forged headers, making them appear as if they are from someone else.
Mt Gox has a valid SPF record, so most likely your mailserver is not checking SPF records when receiving messages.  If you host your own mailserver, install spamassassain.  If you get E-Mail from someone else, then either change to a provider that spam-checks against SPF records or ask the provider to check them.
There really isn't any financial motivation that would make sense for these messages, but many hackers waste their time on hacking or DDoSing sites for no reason at all.  A few weeks ago, someone DDoSsed a Starcraft II tournament's stream for some reason, and someone is sending those spam transactions from the 1Enjoy and 1Sochi addresses.  Those looking for a reasonable explanation of why people hack sites will almost always be disappointed.
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:13:27
I edited this post because might have misunderstood it.  The link is no evidence of a hack.  I was simply providing the previous post that was not responded to.
@_date: 2014-02-10 16:41:33
Agreed.  This isn't even really a bug.  It's just a case where you *need to be competent in what you are doing*, which Mt Gox's engineers clearly weren't.
People make it seem like this is a big deal when you can easily design a system correctly if you simply knew what you were doing.  This is like people who create websites with queries like 
"SELECT * FROM users where username='" + username + "'" and then someone creates a user account named "; TRUNCATE USER;"
Anyone who knows anything about databases would know that the right way to implement such a website is to use named or positional parameters, which doesn't actually take any extra effort to implement.  It's just a different way.
Similarly, anyone who is knowledgeable in the bitcoin protocol would know to use the three values as a primary key instead of transaction id.
The best part of all this is the people who are selling bitcoins into altcoins in the belief that they are somehow unaffected, as if altcoins aren't just forks of the bitcoin code with a few changes.
@_date: 2014-07-20 16:07:46
The problem with taking that perspective is that it would take too long before a judge ruled on whether it is the correct one.
After all this time, there has still not been a case brought against a mining pool at the Federal level, so I'm sure that many pools aren't being started because of that.
Until a case is brought against someone else to determine whether that is legal or not, nobody can participate in that activity.  Mining is not profitable enough to make enough money for lawyers or even to justify the risk that funds will be lost should there be an adverse ruling.
@_date: 2014-03-23 19:17:03
I got my two litecoins out.  I didn't care what the price was.  Fortunately, it's only two litecoins.
I think it's clear to the people who bought Gox bitcoins on bitcoinbuilder that betting on things improving is a losing strategy.  There is no case where this site survives.  I told myself that if I ever find myself in that situation, I'm saving what I can, which is what I just did.
@_date: 2014-03-23 22:33:24
Why doesn't someone just ask him?
@_date: 2014-04-13 16:27:00
This isn't exactly accurate. PayPal charges 2.9% plus 30 cents for each transaction.  Coinbase charges 1% for each transaction.
The cost of this transaction would be 0.9% minus 30 cents cheaper than PayPal.
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:17:03
In 2011, bitcoins fell to 10% of their high after the crash.  In April, they fell to 25%.  Now, they're at 70% and people are saying that they have "fallen?"
When I look at the charts, I don't even get phased by them anymore.  This is nothing.  It's as if people have memories that last only a few months.
Absolutely nothing is worse right now than it was in July, even relatively speaking.  The number of businesses accepting bitcoins is growing at an astounding rate, and countries are actually legitimizing bitcoins.  In July, half the posts here were about whether the US government would ban bitcoins.
It's amazing to think how far things have come.  Yet, some people still make the age-old mistake of thinking that "things are different this time."
@_date: 2014-08-14 13:32:06
I don't know who exactly you talked to; I'm sure that there are multiple people there and we probably aren't talking about the same person.  Even if we were, I'm not interested in drawing attention to one particular employee.  The incident I'm referring to occurred on a Friday in late June.  During this latest ticket, we were never able to talk to anyone in person.
will verify this story if you don't believe it.  Laughing about a customer is inappropriate; at least put the customer on hold before making a joke if you must.
Credit card companies, for example, put customer service representatives through rigorous training programs before they start picking up the phones.  I doubt anyone was trying to be malicious at all.  To me, it seems like most of these customer service complaints are simply an issue of poor training and could be easily remedied by bringing in an expert to give a seminar about customer relations for a few hours to all employees who deal with customers.
@_date: 2014-01-26 16:15:45
Don't be surprised if Gox hits $2000 within the next week or so.
People see that the writing is on the wall, and this is what happens when there is a bank run.  It has happened many times in the past, such as during the depression, in 2008, and at smaller banks every year.  If I had any funds at all on Mt Gox, I would buy at any price immediately and transfer out.  They have not been responding to E-Mails and their site is out of date.
Note that it isn't relevant whether Gox is actually insolvent or not.  All that matters is whether people believe they are.  Most reddit comments believe that Gox is about to default, which should be a warning sign.
At this point, the price difference between the exchanges is a sunk cost.  You'll be glad to lose only 25% if you buy in now and sell at a different exchange.  Those who wait are going to lose half their investments, or perhaps get mired in years of legal action once Gox is gone.  Even if the cost there rises to $2000, it is still rational to buy and get out while you still can.
@_date: 2014-01-08 23:25:51
That's not what I mean.  I'm not asking for someone to provide services to me, like fixing my computer or cooking me food.  I'm looking for someone to research products for me and determine the best product in a given market at the best price.
I want to cook dinner myself but tell someone to research and buy for me the best frying pan and best microwave.
That shouldn't be an expensive service, since it doesn't require any specialized skills.
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:25:17
I agree with this one.  This code is on par with most companies.  There is never time to make perfect code, because it eats away at actually making money, so the company ends up with the minimum that can do the job competently.
@_date: 2014-05-19 21:06:23
Apparently, bitcoin requires libraries that, in Debian Wheezy, are version mismatched.  The issue in our system, which was posted March 27, reads:
"This problem is present for all users of Debian 7.x builds; this is not limited to us. There are plenty of forum posts about this, and there this is an actively debated issue in the Bitcoin core bug tracking system. There is no point to me continuing to attempt to resolve this because there are plenty of other smart people working on it. I will upgrade the daemon once the issue is resolved in an official release."
That's all I can remember, since it's been 50 days.  If any development team members are around, I can get the exact specifics and error log tonight from the employee who spent two days on the issue.
The only difference from a stock Debian installation I can think of that may be an issue here is that we have 51 altcoin daemons installed on this VM along with some complicated python code to throttle the daemons that are not being mined - but I don't see why that would have anything to do with it, since every other altcoin works fine.  I can research this, but I don't want to spend a lot of time posting logs about it unless there is someone who is interested in looking into it.
@_date: 2014-07-14 03:44:17
This article is devastating.
I'm going to comment more about this in tomorrow.  I always suspected that Cryptocoinsnews was off, but I could never actually write about that because I had no proof until now.  They are the guys who write articles that repeatedly said in May that the price of bitcoins was going to fall to $120.  Then, when the price didn't fall, they revised their predictions to $260, and didn't mention the previous prediction had been wrong.  In fact, every one of their predictions is always of a downtrend.
We need to be vigilant and make sure that whenever any one of these sites comes up here again, someone mentions it and provides a link to this article.  People who are new to bitcoins are reading their garbage and being misled, and that decreases the chances that bitcoins will succeed.
@_date: 2014-04-09 12:56:42
Agreed.  This is a solution that doesn't have a problem associated with it.  Before this symbol, I don't know if anyone actually disapproved of the current symbol except the person who proposed it.
There are many issues with bitcoins at the moment, but the symbol is not one of them.
@_date: 2014-01-05 21:32:54
I stopped running a node because it requires too much memory.  My webserver only has 700MB free memory, and I was running a node with the spare.  But now that there are more transactions, I deleted the node because I can't afford to slow down the main site with page faults.
@_date: 2014-08-13 19:11:10
There is a push API?  That's the feature that keeps us from using Poloniex.  Cryptsy is the only site that has one.
If Poloniex has a push API, we could much more easily adapt the system to work with them.
@_date: 2014-03-10 16:55:36
I think the end result would be more likely to be Mark Karpeles than a good product.
Open source developers are not CEOs or managers.  They have no experience managing the hundreds of engineers that would be necessary to actually spend $2b.  While the money might not be stolen, we would probably end up with a situation where it is wasted on contracts that underperformed, kickbacks, and inferior goods.
@_date: 2014-01-10 21:59:03
I don't know why this comment was downvoted, because I always find myself asking the same question.
I posted this question in and some other forums.  They said that porn that people pay for is "better" than free porn.  But when I asked then a question of what makes porn of a higher quality, nobody responded to my comments again and again.
Maybe someone here can answer my question.  I am genuinely confused as to how people state that some studios' porn is of high quality.  
@_date: 2014-04-07 12:49:32
What I get about Karpeles from these logs (and the others that have been posted) is that he is delusional.  Does anyone really believe that Mt Gox will be able to resume business somehow, especially when he won't even go to the United States to appear in front of the people processing his bankruptcy?
Their business has ended, and all that's left is to transfer assets to creditors.  Karpeles lives in this delusional state where his issue is whether the business starts up again or not, when the real question is whether he will go to jail or not.
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:20:23
Not with scrypt coins.  Scrypt ASICs aren't like bitcoin ASICs, where you can't compete with off-the-shelf hardware.  At most, scrypt ASICs will only ever be 10 times more efficient than GPUs.
But scrypt coins are neither the endgame of our pool, nor are they the endgame of altcoins.  The future of mining is in coins that have unique proof of work algorithms that can only be mined with CPUs.
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:15:45
This is interesting, because these ATMs only allow people to buy, not sell.  Since bitcoins are not accepted in China, that indicates the main purpose of these ATMs would be to send money overseas.
@_date: 2014-01-03 17:01:06
It's not the disk space that is the issue, but the memory.
It costs $52.95/month to get a virtual server that has 1.5GB of RAM.  The bitcoind I tried to install on my server wanted 1.2GB of RAM.  I don't have permission to enable swap space, so I deleted the node because I need the RAM for other processes.
I don't understand why RAM is so expensive in servers, when you can buy the physical chips for a few hundred dollars.  Whatever the reason, some solution needs to be found that can remove transactions from RAM, and quickly.
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:49:21
You can't speculate on bitcoins, though, if you can't sell at the top of the bubbles.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:57:52
That's right, but it assumes that you have access to Google Fiber, and that they will give you a business account.  Most ISPs don't allow unmetered connections for business accounts at the same price.
I did the math for my area and determined that a 10Mbps unmetered connection from Comcast is $109.95.  A 20Mbps connection is $369.95.  If I wanted to host the server here, then it doesn't make sense for me to get the faster connection, because the transaction fees aren't high enough for me to make back that extra $260/month.
I think that, in most cases, mining pools can't justify the cost of buying a fast connection because the available transaction fees aren't high enough.
@_date: 2014-08-15 15:21:41
Actually, the best thing that's happened over the past few years is the gridlock in Congress.  There are too many laws in our country today; over 3000 different crimes and tens of thousands of pages of regulations.  There is no reason why it is necessary to have 3000 different crimes.  Since nobody is willing to eliminate crimes, the best we can hope for is to avoid the creation of more.
By having divided government, fewer laws have been passed over the past few years than in most of recent history.  The important law, the healthcare reform, was passed, and that's enough.  The country isn't any worse off because the Republicans have stonewalled everything.
  
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:55:32
I think that we need to be careful about this one.  I've seen a lot of reddit posts where they say "it's written in PHP, so it's vulnerable."
When I was selecting a language for my last website, I chose PHP on purpose.  PHP has been around for a long time, unlike fancy web frameworks that just appeared last year.  Hosting companies know how to secure PHP websites and there is a lot of mature PHP code.  PHP continues to make improvements to its language and features.
I've worked on a lot of projects, with a lot of languages, and I've never seen a case where the language was at fault in a poorly designed system.  Good programmers can write good code in any language because they follow principles to avoid common pitfalls of computer science, like deadlocks, race conditions, and SQL injection.  Poor programmers debug code without understanding what they are doing, by changing things until they work, and then they declare the project finished without testing the edge cases.
PHP is not the cause of Karpeles' problems.  He was a poor developer, or he hired poor developers.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:51:14
Is MPOS a software package for running pools?  If so, I wasn't aware of it.  We started development from the ground up.  The best freely available software I found didn't switch coins at all, and didn't provide the security features we need.
We purchased the hardware ourselves so that we can have 32GB of RAM and a 20TB disk array for the database, which even now has 46 tables and is expected to contain billions of rows.  Our business model requires us to have extremely sensitive data on the server, and I don't want to end up like the first round of hosted wallets that lost money to crooked employees at hosting companies.  The main unknown cost is bandwidth, which we won't be able to figure out until testing.
It is true that our fees will be higher than 2%, but I think that customers will find value in what we provide.  The Middlecoin pool charges 3.38%, and they make a lot of money for almost no features at all.
@_date: 2014-07-20 16:17:36
It would ruin it for everyone if the pool operator was aware that the person from New York was using the pool and looked the other way.
There is a significant difference between simply saying that people in New York can't use the pool, and saying that and at the same time banning people who are determined to be from New York.
@_date: 2014-07-24 13:36:59
Might I suggest that we set up an E-Mail address that people can cc comments to?  Then, someone can publish all the comments before the NYDFS does (if they do), preferably in real time.  This will get ahead of the story and perhaps some newspapers will write articles about them that will influence the legislators.
@_date: 2014-04-09 12:57:55
This is not a difficult problem to test on the testnet.  Many bitcoin software packages are not tested there, which is a shame.
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:40:34
Filing those forms is simple.  Does anyone fill out tax forms by hand anymore anyway?  I use TurboTax.  With TurboTax, I was able to complete my taxes in under 6 hours this year.
When it came time to deal with stocks and dividends, I selected my bank from the list, and entered my six account numbers and an ID code.  A minute later, it comes up with a thousand transactions and I print out about 40 pages of forms.  It told me I owed $2700, so I wrote in my bank account number, the IRS and state will deduct the money, and I'm done.
With bitcoins, a wallet can keep track of all this stuff too.  A few weekends of work would be enough for an export feature from an Android wallet.  When it's tax time, you export the transactions to an intermediate format, and then import them into your tax program.  In five minutes, you've flooded the IRS with 100 pages of transactions that you don't have to track or care about.
Myself, I'm shocked at how people managed to do this ten years ago.  It would have taken me at least three weekends to fill out all the forms manually.  Did people really spend that much time on their taxes?  I also wonder how the IRS reviews all this stuff.  When people start sending them 1000 pages of bitcoin transactions per year from automated hardware wallets, how do they even begin processing this data?  Do they hire people to sit in front of computers all day and view these forms?  It sounds like an impossible job.
Finally, I wanted to point out that Pennsylvania has a tax on out-of-state Internet purchases.  People are supposed to pay sales tax on those purchases if not charged at the time of purchase.  To show how seriously people take the requirement, Harrisburg recently stated that fewer than 200 people in the entire state actually paid the tax, mostly because they couldn't be bothered to track every single thing they buy, or they simply didn't know about it.  There are already taxes with the same reporting requirements as the bitcoin tax, and the reporting requirement for bitcoin purchases is going to be largely ignored, just like those other taxes are.
@_date: 2014-03-12 23:24:36
Regradless of who the transactions are going to, this shows one thing:
The 1MB transaction limit doomsday scenario is approaching faster than anyone thinks.
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:42:45
This strategy only makes sense if you conceive of the government as some huge like-minded entity, with someone in charge and calling the shots.
In China, that is true.  What Xi Jinping says is what happens.  In the United States, there are millions of employees of each of those branches that don't talk to each other.  Despite all the conspiracy theories, there isn't some grand plan where someone is behind the scenes deciding how all these politicians are going to act.  These are state senators, not even US senators.  The policy comes together as more and more people form a consensus.
The military is a prime example of this.  One of the reasons that the military is so bloated and so huge is that everything requires a "need to know."  Nobody knows all of the classified information that the government has; policies are developed where people's limited knowledge happens to overlap.  You can't cut spending when you don't know whether someone else's budget is buying duplicates of what you are.
If anything, it seems as if things have gone exactly the opposite way that people were predicting in last January.  The Chinese have every reason to want to eliminate the dollar as the reserve currency, because they can no longer peg their yuan to the dollar.  The politicians in charge in Russia have lots of motivation to use bitcoins as an untraceable method to launder money from those phony Olympic contracts to their friends.  The US, meanwhile, has a history of crushing private currencies and has the strongest domestic currency.
Instead, we've ended up not only with tolerance, but instead with encouragement.  If you polled readers a year ago, fewer than 1 in 20 would probably have predicted this outcome.
@_date: 2014-08-21 13:00:00
I still think that your method of investing is not useful for most startup companies in this area.
I understand your desire to start small.  However, consider a partnership of two electrical engineers who think they can produce ASICs more cheaply than other competitors.  For these guys, there isn't any use for them to "start small."  They can't manufacture chips at a fabrication plant with $300,000.  They need millions.  They have no business model unless they know they can fund the manufacture of the chips.
Before the chips begin manufacturing, they also have no expenses.  It costs almost nothing to buy the equipment needed to design and simulate the chips.  So these guys need nothing until they go to investors, show them the diagrams, and ask for the millions to proceed to production.
On the other hand, you can consider a software firm in the same situation.  If you are saying that you want to see a product before investing, then the software engineers can produce a product on the weekends like I did.  But once the product is done, why would they want any investment?  Unlike the chip makers, it doesn't cost anything to go to production.  I spent less than $6k for all the hardware the entire project needs to serve thousands of customers.
As to being able to perform, there is no way to prove that other than to use the same criteria that people use to hire candidates for normal jobs.  Look for degrees, job experience, and knowledge of the science.
I want to point out, too, that you are unlikely to find people who don't have a job and who are going to be successful in these sorts of businesses.  Good engineers tend to have jobs, while poor engineers tend to get fired.  That's why employers prefer to hire people away from competitors and question people who have "gaps" on their resumes.  This is an employee's market, and the best people aren't going to accept investments if they are required to give up a promising career in return for $20k with an uncertain promise of funding in the future.  Just like hiring someone, you need to be willing to pay if you want to get the people most likely to make your investment succeed.
In regards to the apartment, I think you're mistaken.  There is no guarantee that someone else will pay $100.  In fact, by refusing to pay, you lowered the average price that the landlord must charge if he wants to exactly fill his units by some small amount.  The landlord needs to evaluate the probability that someone else will pay the $100 against how long the apartment will remain empty, versus continuing the status quo.  If the cost of the apartment is $1200, then he has an entire year's value of these increases in just one month of vacancy.
@_date: 2014-01-23 19:23:56
You don't have to send coins to a blockchain wallet.  That complicates things unnecessarily.
Given Coinbase's security model and their bounty program, just keep your coins at Coinbase.  You can send them directly from the Coinbase interface.  You don't need to worry about backing up, and you already have two-factor authentication enabled to ensure nobody steals your money.
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:11:46
Yes, people will have to learn these things in order to use bitcoins.  But it's not like they're difficult.
You don't see people walking around saying that it's too much to teach people how not to carry around $10k in cash in their back pockets.  Nobody says it's unreasonable to teach people how to write a check, or how to use an ATM, or how to use a signature pad for a credit card.
Likewise, when people got their first TVs, nobody knew how to set them up.  They had to learn, and there wasn't an Internet like there is now.  They had to connect rabbit ears to the TV and point them the right way, understand the difference between UHF and VHF, and plug in the TV before it got signal.
Like anything in life, if you want to use it, you need to be knowledgeable about it.  People who don't understand that you use a cell phone in addition to a password are going to be left behind.  Those who don't select File... encrypt wallet are going to lose their money.  It's not difficult to copy a file to a USB stick and make backups.
The world is becoming more advanced every day, and to survive in this world, you have to learn and adapt.  When new things come around, you need to understand them.  People who don't take the time to learn these things simply aren't going to be able to use bitcoins.  No amount of user interface design is going to eliminate these issues.  But bitcoins will survive anyway, because every time a new technology comes about, people who are successful in the world learn how to use its benefits.  As with other technologies, the people who choose not to learn will live worse lives because of it, but the world isn't going to wait for them.
@_date: 2014-01-04 16:44:52
Why is this post being downvoted?  This is a simple statement of a true fact.
It is not valid to downvote a post because you disagree with it.
@_date: 2014-08-20 15:06:25
As someone who has worked for 1600 hours on a startup, there is a major misconception with what you are proposing that I thought is worth pointing out.
There are two types of startups in bitcoins.  One type is the kind that needs huge amounts of money to participate in very risky business models.  These are mining equipment manufacturers, exchanges, and so on.  They need to buy fabrication facilities and hire lawyers to deal with money transmission laws.
The other type is the kind that I run: a mining pool with new features, or a piece of software built on top of the blockchain like colored coins, or a new altcoin with some innovative idea.  These businesses have no use for money because they have no expenses.  It doesn't cost anything to use open source software like Java to develop bitcoin applications.
Most of the people out there who want to invest have too little money.  The lowest I would be interested in would be $500k, because the only useful thing that money can buy for me is the ability to up my hours from 30 per week to 70.  I (and other people) are not going to quit jobs with health insurance and long-term futures for a field that could implode unless they are paid a lot more than they make now, and can pay other employees to work on the project too.  But nobody is willing to invest that much in an unproven business model, and by the time the business model is proven, there is no need for the investment.
My recommendation is that unless you have a lot of money, then you should not be investing.  $50k isn't enough to make any difference in the success or failure of a startup in this industry.  It makes sense that the most saavy entrepreneurs with the greatest chance of success will not give up ownership when the money isn't going to help them any more to succeed.  On the other hand, people who aren't confident in their business models will be glad to accept a small investment even if it isn't necessary.  If you see people on Havelock asking for small amounts of money, then you should be questioning what someone can possibly do with $20k (which is probably why there are scams there).
You should come to the table with a large amount of money, or not invest at all.
@_date: 2014-02-18 18:22:47
Could you elaborate on why you think that?  Perhaps I missed something.
@_date: 2014-07-15 18:53:04
Cryptocoinsnews was recently shown to provide "sponsored articles" and responded in the affirmative when offered payment to write articles on products.
In the interest of promoting responsible journalism that we can trust, please downvote this thread and all threads linking to the sites listed in the investigation as accepting paid articles.
@_date: 2014-08-15 16:55:38
I'm not interested in arguing over whether I was right or wrong because I don't see the value in putting other people down if I end up proving I was correct.
What I do want to state is that I don't think it matters even if health insurance affects the majority of people negatively.  I don't mind paying more for health insurance if that is what is required to ensure that people don't die because they can't afford the best cancer treatments.  People with cancer, and entrepreneurs who start businesses, are people like you and me.  They have the same hopes, dreams, and fears as you do, and nobody deserves to be in bad health no matter what they have done.  It is difficult for people who have never been sick to truly grasp how nobody really cares about sick people.  Many people just assume that they won't get sick.  Or, they simply don't know anyone who is sick because those people tend to be in hospitals and not interacting with everyone else.
I support healthcare reform because even the poorest people in this country have the ability to live a decent lifestyle with a roof over their heads and plenty of food to eat.  Asking people to give up money that could buy a TV or a new cell phone in order to make life bearable for sick people and to prevent unnecessary deaths is not unreasonable; it's simply the right thing to do.
@_date: 2014-05-24 12:20:40
And I thought that the autowikibot was useful.  This bot is even better, especially since it condenses many tweets into one post.  While it's easy to look something up on Wikipedia, in most cases you won't even know a tweet exists unless you're looking for it.
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:51:39
Thanks for the response - our employee is working with Cryptsy support right now to address this issue.
We were not the customer who called and we were not told about the expert being out of town, and this is the first I heard of that call.  Could a Cryptsy representative have confused two reports of the same issue?  Perhaps as a suggestion to avoid misunderstandings in the future, Cryptsy could monitor the forum more closely and also reply to all support tickets, even if the reply is simply "we just wanted to confirm that we'll get to this one on Monday." 
@_date: 2014-03-23 18:07:57
Nobody should believe a word of this.  There is no way they will make enough for anyone to get back even a fraction of what they have frozen.
They are done for.  If they don't receive an injunction against them within a few days, their business will simply go down the tubes.  There's no way they will be able to pay back these losses from revenue, because their revenue stream is over.
@_date: 2014-03-19 20:25:16
I don't buy this argument about "greedy mining pools."  I'll be releasing one of those pools soon, and I discovered during testing that including free transactions causes my pool to lose money.
If bandwidth were free, then every pool could include free transactions.  However, since I have 10Mbps of unmetered upload bandwidth available to the node, that means that I need to not include transactions unless they have fees above a certain threshold.  Otherwise, in the 0.8s it takes me to upload a full 1MB block, there is a 1/750 chance that some other pool gets a block first.
25 * 1/750 = .03333333 bitcoins per block of average losses by this "non-greedy" mining algorithm.  That's a lot of money, and it gets repeated for every block I find.  The only way I can justify including any transactions at all is if I can get fees of 0.00003333 per KB, which is the expected value of the upload time of 1KB of data.
Note that if I had run a connection speed of 1Gbps instead of 10Mbps, then I could reduce my fees by a factor of 100, requiring only 0.00000033 bitcoins.  These connections cost tens of thousands of dollars to get run to your own facility, as we've seen what happens when you put a wallet.dat file on a node in a virtual private server at someone's hosting company.
In short, including transactions is not free.  Making small blocks is not about being "mean" - it's about running a viable business in an industry where pool fees have been beaten down by competitors.
@_date: 2014-01-26 04:23:59
I don't give any of these economists any weight in the decisions I make about bitcoins.
I have never met a knowledgeable computer scientist who, after being taught about how bitcoins actually work and the things they can be used for, like escrow, autonomous contracts, and stock markets, who believed they were going to fail.  Ever - in two years, not a single person.
On the other hand, these economists who have no understanding of computer science look at bitcoins as if they are just like dollars that get transmitted across the Internet.  You can see that in how they write about bitcoins, and how they state that they aren't any better than other currencies.  Or, they bring up the tired argument about "government backing," as if government-backed currencies can automatically transfer anything of value to anyone else based on any external event at any point in time, without the need of any court system.
I would be seriously worried if there were an economist who held a degree in computer science who believed that bitcoins were going to fail, because he would be the one I would want to ask why.  The simple fact is that these economists are not qualified to make predictions about things they do not understand.
@_date: 2014-01-10 15:51:19
If your job plus the profits on the bitcoins paid you less than $34,900.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:06:31
I understand that you are trying to help, and many of your criticisms are valid, but very few software projects adhere to "perfect" design.  Almost everything is constrained by limited time and consists of just what is needed for it to function.
Everyone plans to refactor things in the future, but it almost never happens.  Some people get caught up in the details and never actually get anything accomplished.  I think that having a working system is far better than any of the recent vaporware sites like "storj," which look pretty but say they are in a "pre-alpha" testing mode.
@_date: 2014-02-26 19:42:27
I think we've seen that people who aren't anonymous can do that too.
@_date: 2014-04-03 12:06:48
We are in a dangerous position at the moment.  The price of bitcoins has fallen so far that, for the first time in 13 months, I've turned off my equipment.
Yet, the bitcoin network hashrate continues to explode.  It's simply not possible that people are getting cheaper electricity than the 5.99 cents I pay, and they are making as much as 25% less every two weeks.
There is not much profit to be made here anymore.  Why, then, is the hashrate going up so much?  Good miners are getting out to save money, which could indicate that bad people are buying up equipment and running it at a loss.
Unless the price begins to rise soon, we could end up in a situation where the network is vulnerable to attack.
@_date: 2014-03-17 23:36:17
Add Ethereum to this list.
@_date: 2014-03-06 13:59:52
People need to stop with the hyperbole.  There aren't going to be hitmen sent over to his house.  Killing him isn't going to get back any of the drug money that people stupidly trusted to these darknet sites, and he isn't going to bail out Mt Gox.  Governments know that assassinating him isn't going to eliminate bitcoins, if they want to eliminate them.
If anything, the only thing he has to worry about is that people camp out around his property and try to interview him constantly.  He will have to deal with the problems that all lottery winners have - people asking him for money.
@_date: 2014-03-20 12:02:30
That's just the source code of the application that has the exploit.
The problem with this issue is that this code has been repurposed by many people for things far beyond its original design, in things other than mining proxy servers.  I see it in all sorts of Python libraries relating to altcoins as well, which is my area of concern.
@_date: 2014-08-15 16:14:00
I'm going to ignore the comment about "trolling."  What happened to assuming good faith?
The Patriot Act is a disappointment, I agree.  One of the things that Clinton campaigned on in 2008 was that she wanted to limit the powers of the President.  If she succeeds Obama, I hope that she holds good on that promise.
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:12:01
I fully agree with this.  I think that you left out one critical point, though:  it is much harder to find someone with management experience than it is with programming experience.
I'm finding this out with my mining pool.  I can write new features all day and test them and come up with something great.  But a large portion of my time is wasted and will be wasted on dealing with underperforming employees, advertising, accounting, and so on.
I wish that it were possible to just hire a CEO to boss everyone around, do research about what features I should write, and develop a marketing plan so that I can get back to actually developing the product.  Unfortunately, while there are plenty of bitcoin developers advertising their services, the help that I really need - managers - is just not there.
This shortcoming is going to kill bitcoins, but I don't see it ending, because it's difficult to convince managers to come anywhere near this industry.
@_date: 2014-04-16 18:58:07
For Tim Horton's, this isn't a problem.  It takes longer than 60 seconds to prepare the customer's beverages.
As long as the people pay first, the waiting period will be transparent to most people, who would only be told to wait if the service was exceptionally quick or there was a problem.
@_date: 2014-03-26 15:27:19
I gave up with deductions a long time ago.
The problem with deductions is that there is a "standard deduction" which, last time I checked, was somewhere around $5000 per person.  That's a lot of charitable contributions for one person, and most people (hopefully) don't have that many medical bills.
Television commercials like to advertise that they can get every deduction, but since most people don't meet this threshold, it's pointless to waste time figuring out if you gave $20 to your church last Sunday.   It took me eight hours to simply enter in the automated stock trades made by my funds last year; it would probably take me days just to find out that my 1000 small deductions don't meet the threshold.
@_date: 2014-04-08 18:40:16
How much profit did you take per week?
@_date: 2014-04-08 14:42:21
This is a major issue for me.  I can't upgrade bitcoind because it has a known package conflict that prevents version 0.9.0 from being used on Debian.  This has been complained about in numerous forums.  Since it is unlikely to be fixed in this patch release, I have to retain version 0.8.6 and use unencrypted communication to send thousands of dollars around between my machines.
Am I the only one who is annoyed that the development team would release a version of bitcoin without ensuring that it is compatible with one of the most widely used server operating systems?
@_date: 2014-02-24 22:09:16
I'm not mining for a pool that mines different currencies, I'm creating one.
The middlecoin pool is a good example of a pool that has already launched that mines multiple currencies.  Their pool uses an algorithm to compute what the most profitable coin is and mines that coin, then pays out in bitcoins.  If the price of a coin falls or its difficulty goes up, then they change to a different coin.
The middlecoin pool's algorithm is inefficient and doesn't make as much money as it can, however.  Because I don't want them to figure it out first, I can't say how at the moment because we're still in testing and it is important to have a rock-solid pool on day one.  In April or May, I'll send you a message and explain how if you're still interested.
@_date: 2014-04-11 18:43:03
It has a lot of uses that have nothing to do with money supply, but keep in mind that no blockchain system can function without the currency aspect.
The reason why namecoin and Ethereum and those others are doing poorly is because people have little incentive to mine. You can't make a non-bitcoin voting system because people would have to mine votes, which is incompatible with a voting system.
Successful implementations of blockchain technology will use colored coins on top of bitcoin, so that people are still getting paid in actual money for securing the network.
@_date: 2014-08-15 14:14:36
This one doesn't make sense.  He wanted less than 1 bitcoin for the ticket, but the price in the auction was $800.  That would be a huge loss.
@_date: 2014-01-08 23:40:10
No, just someone who can research stuff on the Internet to get the best price and model.
For example, I bought a whole-home humidifier recently.  I didn't know anything about humidifiers before I started.  So I spent five hours reading about them and researching the different types, and then compared prices and found the best one for me.
I could never build a humidifier myself, but the Internet provides anyone with enough information to research and make a purchase.
@_date: 2014-08-11 18:55:24
Why does this document have to have an image in the background?  It's extremely difficult to read.
Sometimes, simplicity is better.
@_date: 2014-01-17 22:30:08
If you want to learn programming to understand bitcoins, then learn python.  I'm working on a mining pool and to my chagrin, the supporting libraries are all written in python.
That said, read about python first and find some decent examples.  The python code in bitcoin mining that is publicly available is very rough and does not conform to modern object-oriented standards.
You will be able to understand bitcoins if you learn how to code, but you could come out with bad practices if you use the bitcoin code as a template.
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:38:54
I don't see the wood grain issue as workable because with a hash function, there is no margin for error.  Once a single pixel in the image changes, the hash changes, so any minor damage to the wood would invalidate this scenario.
@_date: 2014-08-20 14:47:30
The first sentence in this article is factually incorrect and causes me to doubt the validity of the rest of this site because it is such a critical error in understanding for what he is discussing.
Given that hashes are independent trials, it is not true that, on average, you will have to wait 5 minutes until the next block arrives.  If hashes were related to each other, such that each block occurred exactly ten minutes apart, then one would expect to wait an average of five minutes.  However, even if miners have been hashing for an hour since the last block was found, the next block is no closer than it was an hour ago.
The probability of the next block being found at any given time in the future follows an exponential distribution.  If you put a transaction out on the network now, and the number of miners has not increased since the last difficulty change, then the expected time until the next block is a little under  seven minutes.  It is not five minutes, as the author mistakenly claims.
@_date: 2014-01-22 15:25:55
When I bought bitcoins and they were worth $67, I computed that the odds of them reaching $25,700, the figure I need to retire, would be 1 in 100.  However, $25,700 is 400 times greater than $67, so the expected value was very high.
Now, I would say that the odds of bitcoins reaching the $25,700 figure are probably 1 in 3, so the expected value is even higher.  If you look at the evidence and interpret it a different way than I do, then you might make a different decision.  Note, however, that you would have to believe bitcoins have less than a 3% chance of success in order to justify not buying at this point, assuming that you believe they could reach 5% of the value of gold ($25,700).
I have about an eighth of my worth in bitcoins, which is far higher than most of the people here are recommending.  Most of that is because I didn't sell to rebalance my portfolio as they went up.  Even though it theoretically makes sense for me to put 100% of my worth in bitcoins, the reason I don't is because if bitcoins fail, I'm not willing to work 15 additional years.
Expected value is only valid for a large sample size.  If you go to a casino, the odds are that if you pull a slot machine that pays 48% 100 times, you'll end up with 48% of your money with near-certainty.
If you pull the same slot machine once, of course, you will either double your money (with 48% probability) or lose everything (with 52% probability).  You have a much greater variance.  That's why you hear that the only way to win at the casino is if you "quit while you're ahead."  Otherwise, the amount you have is going to converge towards the 48% average payout as you do it over and over again.
With bitcoins, there is only one pull of the lever, so you'll either win big or lose everything.  It makes sense to invest because if you were to do so 100 times, you would end up far ahead.  But if you need the money, the risk is high because bitcoins will only ever exist once, not repeat over and over.
@_date: 2014-04-05 11:48:18
I still can't comprehend why this is.  If you compare the rate increases in November with those that are occurring now, you'll see that the difficulty is rising more now than back then.
It doesn't make any sense.  Anyone who is mining today is making close to half what (s)he did 7 days ago, due to the price and the difficulty increases.  (S)he is making only 30% of the profits from 14 days ago.
Why are people turning on these huge batches of ASICs when it is hugely unprofitable to mine?  If the price doesn't rise soon, there is going to be a mining crash where the hashrate suddenly plummets, making the network overload with transactions.  That would be a disaster.
@_date: 2014-08-20 16:28:52
I'm not sure exactly where the tone of this message comes from.  Most of what you said is exactly what I said, so we agree on almost everything.
I am talking about economics and negotiations.  Game theory states that a negotiator has the most power when he is able to walk away from the deal.  For example, if I live in an apartment and the landlord wants to raise rent by $100, but there is a house across town that is an acceptable alternative, I can tell the landlord that he can either keep charging me the same, or I move out.  The landlord has no bargaining power in this instance.
When we are talking about valuation of startups, what needs to be considered is how much to lose the entrepreneur has.  It doesn't matter whether that $500k number is reasonable or not.  Either someone is willing to offer that much to make it a full-time company and take a cut of the profits, or the entrepreneur will continue at it alone and earn 100%.  The investor has no bargaining power to lower his offer, even if the number is so unreasonable that no investor would be willing to invest that much.
When the business becomes profitable, then there is no reason that the owner would want to take $500k from the investors, because there is now money being earned.  The investment is needed to fund development of the product in the first place, not to give up ownership when money is already coming in.
Remember, it is better to own a small business that makes $100k/yr than to have a 5% share in a business that makes $1.5m/yr.  It doesn't always make sense to create a huge business, especially because it is harder.  The VCs that are entering bitcoins are throwing money around and most of them are going to get burned because all these companies do not have a large enough market.
Finally, I need to correct a factual error in your post.  I never said in my post that I was financially capable; you said that.  Stick to what is said in the post.
@_date: 2014-02-25 13:15:48
But he also lost 10,000 bitcoins when none of the three backups he had of them could be recovered :(
Even so, that still is a lot of money left.
@_date: 2014-04-28 15:18:10
Disk space is a problem.  I don't know why these VPS providers charge so much for disk space when you can get two 5-TB hard disks in a RAID-1 for $380.
I don't need lightning fast SAS 15k RPM drives or enterprise-grade SSDs.  I just want more disk space.
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:13:09
The thread where this has been brought up is  which contains the ticket number and other information.  The ticket has been outstanding for five days with no response.  After nobody replied to either the ticket or the reddit post, we attempted to call Cryptsy and were not able to get in touch with anyone.
Thanks for whatever help you can provide.  The withdrawals are probably not listed as pending because after the API call is made, my balance is later re-credited for the coins as if nothing ever happened.  This is a serious issue because the API returns success, and our backup accounting database halts the system (as designed) when our expected positive balance mismatches the daemon balance.  The problem not only needs to be fixed, but the API needs to be atomic, returning a failure when no withdrawal is processed.
@_date: 2014-02-11 20:12:34
Blockchain is reporting double spends due to the transaction issue, as demonstrated on another thread.  They're not losing any money, but are printing unnecessary error messages.
@_date: 2014-08-14 13:24:55
**AUGUST 14 - WRAP-UP AND SUMMARY**
I thought it would be useful to post a wrap-up of what happened as a result of this topic.
Cryptsy support finally contacted us yesterday afternoon.  They were able to look up in their system and they said that we had withdrawln 2.6 darkcoins repeatedly over the course of a week or more.  This help was sufficient to allow us to resolve the problem.  First, an explanation of the problem:
Cryptsy's user interface does not list a comprehensive history of all activities on their site.  For example, it is only possible to view the "Last 200" trades.  Since our system is designed to constantly make trades, withdrawals, deposits, and other actions, everything our system executes falls off the back end of this viewable queue almost immediately.  We likely have more than 100,000 trades in their system just during testing already.
The cause of the problem was determined to be that the production server correctly detected that the miner was owed Darkcoins.  However, the development server, which was not scheduled to have its wallets changed until next week, and which did not have as many miners mining on it, did not show a balance for Darkcoins requested by any miner.  The development server initiated a deposit of Darkcoins to get rid of them, seeing that no miners wanted them.  The production server, looking at its different database, is programmed to remove miners' coins from exchanges as soon as possible to reduce risk of exchange failure.
Therefore, the servers, which used different databases, repeatedly deposited, withdrew, and traded the same darkcoins as they sought to reconcile the system to what each thought was owed the miners.  The solution to the problem is to create new wallets for the development server, which we had planned to do anyway as a security measure.  We were not able to detect this because the Darkcoin actions were hidden by thousands of actions dealing with other altcoins, since only the most recent actions were viewable in Cryptsy's GUI.  
As soon as Cryptsy searched their database and notified us of the multiple withdrawals, the problem became obvious.  We will be telling them this in the ticket and closing it, then likely opening the pool to testers.
As to the other concerns raised in this post, it does not appear that Cryptsy is insolvent or in danger of failure.  This issue appears to be a result of poor customer service.  The company did not monitor for complaints and allowed support tickets to get lost or set aside.  This is a pretty serious issue in itself, and people can judge for themselves whether they will be able to receive the technical support they need if something goes wrong.  However, people aren't going to lose money because of bankruptcy.
Someone went to their offices to point out that people were there and at work.  Cryptsy did note that they had a discussion about this and other incidents.  Hopefully, the CEO of Cryptsy will take a more active role in managing his customer service department in the future.
In particular, Cryptsy states that they do not operate a call center, which is correct.  In order to get in contact with them, you have to search pretty hard to find a number.  While facebook can get away with requiring people to use only E-Mail because not much is at stake on facebook, a company that deals with money like Cryptsy needs to have someone to call when things go wrong.  If someone were able to answer the phone to reassure people that they were still alive, then there would not have almost been a run on their exchange.
Thanks to those who were able to get this issue resolved, both from the company and the community.  We're going to give them a chance, at least during the beta testing period, because they offer a push API, which is not available from other exchanges.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:07:11
But that wasn't a theft, because nobody stole anything.  People gave their money to Madoff willingly.  That's very different from a bank robbery.
If these rumors are true, people hacked into Gox's systems using well-known vulnerabilities and stole Gox's money.
@_date: 2014-02-21 18:00:54
I strongly disagree with this comment.
If you don't want what you said to be reposted, then don't say it.  He didn't falsify your text.
This is like people who binge drink and forget where they were the next morning.  Then they act surprised when they get turned down for a job offer due to the naked pictures on facebook.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:52:03
I don't understand why anyone would want to sell bitcoins on eBay.  Sign up for an account at Coinbase and sell them there in one click.
On eBay, you'd have to sell 10-15% above market value in order to make any profit.  Few people realize how high eBay's and PayPal's fees are.
@_date: 2014-04-18 16:40:48
What is the fee for that?
@_date: 2014-01-13 14:30:08
This statement isn't true.  I see this written all over, but I think that most of the people writing it haven't had to deal with the chargeback process.
On July 26, I purchased two dumbells, and a Bowflex SelectTech 5.1 bench from two sellers online, using PayPal and CapitalOne.  They were advertised as "brand new."  In late August, one of the dumbbells fell apart, its weights coming within one inch of breaking my toes.  I called Bowflex, they said that they would replace them, and they asked for the serial numbers.  They found that the serial number from one of the dumbbells was associated with 27 different products in their database.  In addition, the parts they described on the phone didn't match up with what I had onsite, which means that the seller committed fraud.
Since these dumbbells were useless, I needed to buy some so that my muscles wouldn't atrophy.  I bought another set of dumbbells from a different site and created a comparison document ( with the E-Mail at the bottom missing at first.)  I opened a chargeback with PayPal and sent them the document.  They declined the chargeback on the grounds that a certified letter was required from Bowflex stating that the products were fraudulent.
I told PayPal that a letter wasn't necessary, because the products were advertised as "new," they had been registered in another person's name, and therefore even if they weren't counterfeit, it was still fraud by false advertising.  PayPal disagreed, and closed the case in the seller's favor.
Next, I contacted CapitalOne, who sent me three additional pages of documents to fill out and sign.  After sending them back, I waited a month, but it turned out that one of their staff members misplaced the documents and I had to send them again.  This time, they wouldn't accept E-Mails, so I had to wait until I was able to get to a fax machine (who uses these anymore?) five days later.  I had to print the entire document linked above, plus four pages of E-Mails between the seller and me, plus the forms CapitalOne wanted me to fill out.
Next, they wanted to get PayPal on the phone with me, so they called me and conferenced PayPal in.  They said that PayPal would be handling the chargeback first, and then they would only deal with it if PayPal refused.  PayPal did refuse, stating that once a case is closed, the decision is final even if new evidence came to light, so CapitalOne continued with its investigation.  Eventually, they too said that they wanted the certified letter.
In early October, I called Bowflex customer service, who said that they could do nothing for me and simply hung up.  A few days later, in a last ditch effort, I called again and got a different person, who was willing to help.  With him, we looked again at the serial numbers on the dumbbells, and discovered that both dumbbells had the same serial number.  This was obviously a fraud, because serial numbers are supposed to be unique.  The theory was now that the seller purchased broken dumbbells, took working parts out of them, and slapped them together and called them "new."  The problem with the seller's strategy was not only that he was false advertising, but also that the dumbbells had different versions, and one version was not compatible with another, so the parts would fall off.
We discovered a data integrity issue in Bowflex's database.  Obviously, a database should not allow a duplicate primary key, so the database needs to be modified to prevent duplicate serial numbers from being registered in the future.  By the beginning of November, the Bowflex representative was able to provide an E-Mail stating only that the dumbbells were not new.  He was not able to provide a certified letter, and CapitalOne told me that they weren't going to honor that.
I called CapitalOne on November 1, asked to speak to a manager, and laid into him.  I told him that he was allowing scammers to get away with stealing money from victims, and asked him why the burden of proof was on me to provide a certified letter.  I showed him the documentation in the link, along with the phone calls to Bowflex, and the paperwork that I had filled out for their own system.  Eventually, he agreed and decided to move the case along to the next step, which was to give the seller 60 days to respond to the allegations.
The 60 days passed and the seller did not respond, so the case will be decided against him.  CapitalOne called me and told me to ship the dumbbells back to him.  I replied that the dumbbells weighed 205lb, and that shipping was about $158.  Furthermore, as the original pictures had shown, the seller did not package the product correctly in the first place, so I needed an additional $50 in order to properly package the broken dumbbells to prevent (further?) damage.  This conversation lasted a while, but the representative finally agreed that the seller would have to pay.
I provided my address to the seller and told him he can pick the dumbbells up, or they can be shipped back to him.  He didn't reply, and CapitalOne policy is that the seller has 60 days to reclaim his property, which will be in early March.  At that point, the next bulk trash collection (when it is free to throw away heavy items) will be the third week of May, so my hope is to receive the refund in mid-March and to throw away the fraudulent dumbbells in mid-May.  In all, the process from purchase to getting rid of the faulty product will be ten months in duration.
I computed the amount of work that was required to deal with this issue, and I came up with 70 hours.  The dumbbells cost only $550, so I made less than minimum wage trying to get a refund.  Since I'm now working 3 hours every weekday and 12 hours every weekend day on a new altcoin mining pool, I could have made more money if my pool got launched two weeks sooner and is able to make just 0.0015 bitcoins per day over the next year.  Meanwhile, I've already stubbed my toes and fallen over several times dealing with these junk dumbbells, because for an entire year I've had to retain the dumbbells, the stands, and the boxes and packaging materials in the corner of my living room, which looks ugly and makes it difficult to walk around.
In conclusion, is it possible to get a chargeback?  Yes.  Is it worth it?  Absolutely not.  If I ever get ripped off again for less than, say, $5000, I'll just throw away the item.  Unlike some people, I will never avoid spending bitcoins because of "fraud protection."  The companies are not on the consumer's side, and simple economics demonstrates that you can make more money working overtime or in trying to get a new business started than you can by trying to get your money back from scammers.
Edited for two reasons:  first, to thank whoever gave reddit gold for this comment.  Second, the shoemakervillage.org domain is under transfer from godaddy to domain.com today, and could go offline during the nameserver change, so that link will come back if you're trying to access it and can't at the moment.
@_date: 2014-03-04 19:44:30
I'd suggest that theft is less likely than simply losing data.
In the past two years, I've had two data catastrophes, first when the backup failed while it was being restored, and second when Windows data deduplication corrupted an NTFS file system and the backup had unrecoverable read errors.  I use RAID 60 with a RAID 5 backup and I still have to fire up R-Studio or use Kroll Ontrack, so I always wonder how normal people who just copy them to a flash drive have pictures they took ten years ago.
@_date: 2014-01-27 22:20:13
What should worry people about this is the timing.  There is a big hearing coming up in New York, where all the big investment banks are located.  Today was the worst possible time for more news of criminals using bitcoins to come out.
@_date: 2014-01-08 16:18:26
You can't allow people to return items and get bitcoins back regardless of value, because that would allow people to make money off the store.
The fraudster can buy an item and wait to see what happens.  If bitcoins rise in value, return the item and then sell it for more dollars than you had before.  If they fall in value, sell the item and then buy bitcoins, so that you have more bitcoins than you had before.
The fraudster never had any itention of using the item and just makes dollars or bitcoins off the store's policy.
@_date: 2014-02-24 20:17:57
This isn't true - I know this because I've devoted 344 hours into a new altcoin mining pool.  My pool will not include transactions that have fees below a certain threshold because it isn't profitable.
Counterintuitively, the fact that the block reward is high means that the transaction fees also need to be high.  As block rewards decrease, the fees can get lower.  Here's why.
Let's say that my pool has 1MBps of upload bandwidth available.  If a block can include up to 1MB of transactions (the current limit), then it takes one second to upload a block full of transactions.  Since blocks occur every 2.5 minutes (on average), and I have to upload the entire block to the litecoin network to receive payment, the expected value of waiting just one second to fill the block with transactions is 50/150, or 0.33 litecoins.  That is quite a bit of money and it adds up over days of mining.
Note that if I submitted an empty block instead, I wouldn't have to wait a second, as the upload would be nearly instant.  That means that there is much less risk (0.33 litecoins, to be exact) to just submit empty blocks.
So what do the transaction fees have to be for my pool?  They have to be 0.33 litecoins per megabyte, or 0.00033 per kilobyte.  Otherwise, I can't justify the risk of waiting that extra second for the middlecoin pool to take 50 litecoins from me.
Assume now that the litecoin block reward halves to 25 litecoins.  Now, I can include transactions much more cheaply than before.  Since my expected losses for waiting one second to upload that megabyte of transactions are halved (0.16 litecoins), I now only would require people on the network to pay me 0.16 litecoins per megabyte of data.
The reference client doesn't follow this algorithm, which may be the source of the confusion.  The reference client sometimes includes free transactions, which is best for the network.  But since I spent $2000 on hardware and three people spent 12 weekends working 12 hour days, I'm in this solely to make as much money as possible.  If dogecoin users aren't willing to pay high enough transaction fees, then I won't include their transactions in my blocks.  When the block reward of dogecoins halves, then they will have to pay half as much for me to pick them up.
Also, note another important piece of information:  it is irrelevant how much you pay in transaction fees, only whether your fees are higher than my bandwidth threshold.  Unless there are enough transactions above the threshold to fill an entire block, paying a fee higher than the minimum threshold is simply a waste of money.  The only reason you would want to pay a higher fee is so that someone with less bandwidth than me is willing to include that transaction should they find a block first.
Most journalists have this concept wrong, and there are many articles that are incorrect.  They think that, as block rewards approach zero, mining pools will require higher fees.  That isn't true; pools will attempt to maximize their profits by picking up any fees they can as the block rewards become less of an incentive.  They will have less to lose by taking a longer time to upload their blocks.
@_date: 2014-01-11 21:21:26
The reply below is incorrect.  They charge 1% for exchanging bitcoins.  However, receiving bitcoins as a merchant costs some pittance like $3000 for $1,000,000 in transactions, which is less than 1%.
@_date: 2014-02-17 18:14:50
It's not accurate to say that a 3TB drive costs $120 because you can't store data on just one drive.
At the very least, you need two drives, so that there is a backup.  You probably also want the first drive in a RAID array, probably level 5 or 6, so the cost may increase by 1/4 due to redundancy.  If you don't put it in an array, then you'll constantly be losing files due to bad sectors.
The actual cost of storage is probably about $100 per terabyte, or $300 for 3TB of storage.  If you're paying anything less, the data is unlikely to last more than one or two years.
@_date: 2014-02-01 14:10:26
That's the main point of confusion I have with this ruling.  I'm trying to figure out if I should ditch the mining pool I'm about to launch or go forward and release.  When I read this document, it seems as if there are two things necessary to be a money transmitter: "acceptance" and "transmission."  An exchange, obviously, accepts money and sends it back.
The guy behind the Cassicus coins both "accepted" and "transmitted" bitcoins (through the mail), and he was warned not to continue (but that letter had no legal effect).  Mining pools "transmit" bitcoins, but they do not "accept" them; nobody can make a deposit into a pool.  And no pools have been shut down.
So by the ruling text, the actions of the government towards Cassicus, and the lack of action towards pools, it seems that the currencies involved are irrelevant.  What seems to matter is whether any money is "accepted" and "transmitted," not even if the input and output currencies are the same or different.
@_date: 2014-02-17 19:45:56
The answer to whether you need a backup of any data is pretty simple:
Since all data without a backup will be lost eventually, if you don't have a backup, then why not just delete the data now?  Since you don't want to delete the data, then it needs a backup.
@_date: 2014-04-05 15:52:14
It's a problem because of the 1MB transaction limit, which is an issue in itself even at the normal transaction speeds.  Because the developers have yet to address the limit, the network is significantly limited in how many transactions it can process if a bubble occurs or if the hashrate declines.
@_date: 2014-06-04 00:21:49
It's one thing for people on to say that Apple accepts bitcoin apps.  But now this news is being plastered over TV.
Before, the news stations didn't even report on it.  Now, if Apple changes its mind, they have to report that.  It would be an embarrassment to Apple if the headline tomorrow is "bitcoin not approved currency to Apple."
@_date: 2014-01-09 21:42:42
If they were smart, which they surely are, they likely hold some in reserve so that they can sell them to people who want to buy bitcoins through Coinbase.  That way, they don't have to waste 0.6% in fees with two conversions through Bitstamp.
@_date: 2014-01-02 00:04:18
It is only risky if you know what you're doing.  If you don't make backups or if you run random executable programs, then you should store your bitcoins at Coinbase.
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:12:59
I want to correct this post slightly.
The code portion for early exchanges was easy because they didn't design them properly and had gaping security holes.  That's why they aren't around anymore.
For the vast majority of early exchanges, they didn't go out because they were shut down or sued.  They went down because they were incompetent.
The code portion for anything that is properly designed is hard.  The problem with bitcoins is that we have uneducated and unemployed programmers who are not informed about basic security practices that have been standard in the industry for decades.
Neo and Bee is just another case where incompetent people decided to throw something together quickly without taking their time and doing a good job.  In this case, the people weren't incompetent about programming, but instead about management.
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:01:59
I expected to see the price go up after this news came out.  Then I went to look up the price and noticed it had fallen.
Perhaps people see differently than me, but how is this bad news?  Anyone with any knowledge of bitcoins knows that Karpales has been a thorn in the side of bitcoins for years now.
If I were one who bought and sold in daytrades, a good strategy seems to be to just think what a stupid person would do who has no knowledge of computer science or bitcoin politics, and then just do the opposite.
@_date: 2014-02-25 01:41:44
Thanks!  I don't want to pollute the thread with duplicate posts, so I'll just add this link:
@_date: 2014-08-15 15:04:10
As far as I can tell, the current president, at least, has done exactly what he promised.  His main promises were to pass healthcare reform and to end the wars, and he did those things.
Many people disagree with the things he did, but it's difficult to argue that he didn't follow through on his plans.
@_date: 2014-01-30 23:31:07
The difference is that while Overstock's CEO was lying that Amazon would accept bitcoins, T-Mobile's CEO was telling the truth.  The cell phone industry does suck.
I'm in the process of cancelling my data plan - not because I don't like it, but because Verizon wants me to pay $80/month for it.  2GB isn't enough to listen to music or watch video.  So I use around 25MB/month because if I did watch videos, I would get killed with overages within two hours.  These guys don't offer enough data to do anything interesting, but they also don't offer any limited, cheap plans.  So I'm not going to pay them anymore.
I can get a standard phone for about eight times cheaper and save $1k/yr.  It will be a pain, but the product the cell carriers are offering just isn't worth what they are charging.
@_date: 2014-01-26 17:51:07
As I said above, it really isn't relevant whose fault it is.  It isn't even relevant whether anyone is at fault at all.
If Mt Gox can't obtain sufficient liquidity from its banks, or they lost all their money to the US government, the result is still the same: everyone will lose all their money.
This can also happen to bitstamp as well.  The difference between bitstamp and Mt Gox is not that banks are willing to deal with them, but that people believe that bitstamp is solvent.
@_date: 2014-03-21 15:23:25
It is true that governments can regulate bitcoins, but only for this short period of time between beginning and widestream acceptance.
Trends often seem to start one way, have a swing in the other direction in the middle, and then swing back permanently.  Bitcoins started out small, so that nobody cared about them.  Now, there is this push for governments to regulate bitcoins, but they can only do so where bitcoins meet dollars and other currencies.  Soon, when bitcoins are used for all transactions, governments will again lose the ability to regulate them, because you can't enforce money laundering rules when there are no currency conversions.
This is just like virtualization and retirement communities.  With virtualization, we originally had servers with their own CPUs, now we have servers hosting many virtual machines, and in a year or two, the trend will turn back to small cell phone-like processors each hosting a low-power VM.  Likewise, in the past, people just died of heart attacks, so there was never a need for retirement communities.  Now, people have extended periods of decline for decades where they need constant care.  Eventually, a cure for aging will be found and we will be back to where we started.
Almost always, when there is a societal trend, look for it to swing back the other way someday.  Things are rarely permanent.
@_date: 2014-03-19 22:58:08
The problem with what you're describing is that I did the math and it is not profitable to buy the 1Gbps connection and still run the pool, since I want to do it in an honest, secure way.
Of course, people could also bypass this problem by buying the cheap VPS and running a pool there, which is probably the reason why there are so many script-kiddie programmers who think they can make a buck without paying attention to security.  Since people keep trusting money to anonymous organizations like GHash.io and the Middlecoin pool, that approach probably will work for a while.
My guess is that at some point, miners will demand actual security once one of these anonymous pools decides to take the week's earnings and cash out.  Transaction fees will go up once miners recognize the importance of security.
If anything is going to kill bitcoins at the moment, it is anonymity in the people running the infrastructure.  We need BTC-e, Middlecoin, GHash.io, and similar schemes to fail hard so organizations with accountable people take the lead.  I'm trying to do this with my pool - I will publish my home address and picture on the site.
I just don't understand how many times people have to lose money before others finally get the hint.
@_date: 2014-01-24 17:06:55
His position is correct, in that bitcoins are not the ideal way for governments to fund public policy because you cannot make more of them on a whim.
Fortunately, whether bitcoins are good or bad for society as a whole is irrelevant to whether they will be accepted.  If you agree with him (which I do not), then at best bitcoins are a tragedy of the commons.  People will adopt whatever is best for them personally without regard to everyone else.
Since bitcoins are not subject to inflation, individuals will store wealth in them, even though people who are unemployed (and therefore cannot invest) would be better served by devaluing assets to get people back to work.
One issue that was also not addressed is the value of the jobs currently being funded with quantitative easing.  While some is spent on better roads, much of the money goes to the military.  The military is much larger than is necessary for defense and many soldiers could instead spend their hours creating products and services to make life better at home.
Bitcoins will force governments to spend money more wisely, because there won't be an unlimited amount of it.
@_date: 2014-08-15 14:19:27
This post should be upvoted.  How can a legitimate company make a huge announcement that they are going to help the network by switching, and then suddenly change their minds?
In any reasonable democracy, nobody votes for President, and then after the election results are in it's decided that "things have changed."
The 51% risk has not disappeared, and this company deserves some negative publicity for this.  They got enough free advertising for supposedly being the good guy on the block before.
@_date: 2014-03-10 16:40:17
I'm currently having an argument with someone in who has $64m in bitcoins.  I told him that if I had so many bitcoins, my money would be in T-bonds tomorrow and I would resign in 2 weeks.
Similarly, if I was a developer of Ethereum, and I suddenly discovered that my 22.5% of pre-mined Ethereum coins were worth $64m, I would sell everything I had, stop working on Ethereum, and do what I want with my life.
As you can see, the main problem with developers having an excessive amount of money is that there is no reason for them to continue development.  They would be fools to take the chance at having a boss telling them what to do for the rest of their lives once they would click one button and be able to decide for the first time what they want to do every moment of every day.
You might be able to make an argument for premining with a smaller number of coins, but they simply don't need that much money.  It's an absurd amount.  Ethereum doesn't need to mature to even a fraction of litecoins' market cap.  The developers can cut out, crash the market, and most importantly take all the domain knowledge with them, and the project will die because nobody knows how to continue it.
@_date: 2014-03-28 13:10:21
This is nothing new.  It's a new lausuit, but these companies have been suing Wal-Mart, and Wal-Mart has been suing them back, for years.
A few years ago, Wal-Mart stopped accepting Mastercards in their stores in an attempt to drive prices down, but they lost and were forced to resume acceptance.  Now they're taking Visa to court, but given the precedents, it's unlikely anything will change.
@_date: 2014-02-04 14:32:09
Here's the problem with what you said:  you can't look at dogecoins and bitcoins as two separate entities.  At least with NXT, for example, you can have an argument on the merits of which coin is more innovative.  With dogecoins, you cannot, because dogecoins are a copy of bitcoins.
It surprises me how many people believe that the current crop of altcoins has any chance of surpassing bitcoins.  Last week, bitcoin 0.9rc1 was released, which contains hundreds of features that are moving cryptocurrencies forward.  Another version is in the work that deals with the major issue of the 1MB transaction limit.  When this code is released, it comes from the bitcoin developers.  The dogecoin developers, along with the litecoin developers, and the novacoin developers, and so on, take the bitcoin improvements and integrate them with the other coins (if they do so at all).
Most of the altcoin developers, on the other hand, are not developing, testing, and releasing hundreds of new features and having bitcoin pull them.
I think a lot of people don't understand this concept, because they rarely, if ever, actually look at the source code or install the daemons on a Linux server.  My employees have installed 22 of these altcoin daemons for the new profit-switching altcoin mining pool that I will release in two months, and the daemons are so similar they can write a script to automate the installation whenever a new coin appears.
Dogecoins and litecoins are a great idea to get people interested in the community, but that is all they are.  People need to be clear that you cannot become the "leading cryptocurrency" when all the design and development is occurring elsewhere, and you are copying it.  The only candidates that would ever have had a shot at that are completely new paradigms like Ethereum, but Ethereum is pre-mined with 22% reserved for the "developers," making it as bad as a scam.
I will start fearing for bitcoins when the number of dogecoin developers exceeds the number of bitcoin developers and bitcoin is pulling dogecoin features, but for now, dogecoins are a fun thing to teach people about currencies and nothing more.
@_date: 2014-08-15 16:24:32
I'm suggesting that healthcare reform is much more significant than the Patriot Act.  You might disagree with that, but healthcare reform affects every single person in the country and makes possible a lot of new innovation (I would not be creating a new mining pool if it weren't for the Affordable Care Act).
The Patriot Act, while unforgivable, affects a smaller subset of the population.  Most people are unlikely to be targeted under the Patriot Act, but everyone has to sign up for health insurance.
@_date: 2014-04-09 13:05:59
It was necessary due to something called "DLL Hell."
Some packages in Linux cannot coexist with other versions of the same packages.  I deal with this problem with altcoins all the time; many altcoins use different versions of packages than bitcoin does, and some of those packages can't be installed at the same time another version of the same package is installed.
There was an issue with bitcoin verison 0.9.0 that prevented all Debian systems from upgrading because bitcoin used an obsolete package.  The package could not be downgraded because many other programs used the newer version.
By upgrading to the fixed version of openSSL, that means that, even if bitcoin is not affected by the bug, it can be installed on systems where openSSL has been upgraded without having to perform workarounds to allow the installation of two versions of openSSL at once.
@_date: 2014-02-27 13:58:57
I think if Antonopolos had written an article instead of speaking, this would have received more upvotes.
When I see links that only have videos and no text, I usually skip them (I didn't watch this one either).  Watching videos takes more time than reading text, and I only have a limited amount of bandwidth available.
@_date: 2014-03-19 16:33:17
When an article that proports to be from a professional media organization can't get the usage of apostrophes right in its title, you know to avoid the site.
The writing quality of a lot of articles on bitcoins is very poor.  If you're trying to start a blog, you should at least hire writers who have a knowledge of proper English spelling and grammar.
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:58:58
Nothing new to see here.  This is how it works in the world of finance.
Build a company, mismanage it or make poor investments with customers' funds, go bankrupt, someone buys out the company, and the CEO is fired with a golden parachute worth $20m.
@_date: 2014-07-20 02:59:10
I'm the first person to say that these regulations are one of the worst things to ever happen to bitcoin, but this post seems to be a bit over the top.
There is no need to shut down a mining pool that isn't located in New York.  Not having New York customers would be a drag on business, but it doesn't need to be the end of the pool.  I'll be staying away from New York myself, but there's nothing illegal about their business model in all the other states.
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:31:18
Dogecoins are great because they are lumping all altcoins together as one.  People see bitcoins as the real coin, and then the other coins are all jokes like dogecoin.
Every time the dogecoin supporters try to push dogecoins, they bring down litecoins, novacoins, and all the others, which is great, because bitcoins are almost at the point of lock-in, after which it will be clear that the altcoins are just runners-up.
@_date: 2014-02-08 13:11:57
Has anyone at Coinbase considered adding, at the time of bank account addition, a kill switch that prevents deposits or withdrawals above a certain figure into the account?  Since the only way to override the limit would be to delete the bank account and associate a new one, hacking would not be sufficient to drain an entire account's funding.
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:43:57
The best way to execute this attack would be to use standard phishing methods.  You would only need access to one normally privileged account.  Then you can just execute withdrawals for the full number of bitcoins in the account.
The victim probably doesn't even know that he was involved, because he never saw any money disappear.
@_date: 2014-02-12 19:56:27
Given Overstock's history, since he said that he's going to launch this in four weeks, that probably means that it will actually launch tomorrow.
The best quote in the article is the one at the bottom where the CEO invested "several million dollars" in bitcoins.  It then goes on to say that bitcoins comprise 1% of his net worth, demonstrating that CEOs live on a different planet than the rest of us.
@_date: 2014-01-09 13:19:22
You cannot commit a "mass fraud" with a 51% attack.  All you can do is redirect some of your own money.
-You can't steal other people's money
-You can't change the network rules without 85% of the nodes
-You can't create bitcoins at random
-You can't go back days in the past and re-spend coins from back then
The worst a 51% attack can do is to deny service to people.  Once the attack ends, the network resumes normal operation, so the world doesn't end as soon as the pool reaches 51%.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:47:37
This must be the best business idea of all time.  He said he put it up in 12 hours, and made a million dollars in about 12 days.
What incentive would he have to work anymore, after making so much?  If I had that many bitcoins, I'd close up shop too, sell everything, and live frugally for the rest of my life, not ever having to deal with a boss again.
Of course, the problem he has is that now he has an indefinite liability for the Gox bitcoins.  He can force payouts with all the normal bitcoins he owes, but he needs to retain that data on Gox bitcoins for the five years it will take to settle the bankruptcy, and if his backups fail, he will be liable.  Someone could steal the Gox bitcoins if Gox relaunches, and people could sue him in a few years.
@_date: 2014-01-09 13:22:39
To make more than 21 million coins, you would need to control more than 95% of nodes, which is the threshold Gavin Andressen set where a new update can be pushed.
@_date: 2014-07-10 20:39:06
This stuff about child molestation is ridiculous.  I dislike Pierce for his poor business behavior as much as you do, but declaring him guilty by association is absurd.  Pierce has never been convicted of any crimes related to child molestation.
This is why we have a legal system, so that juries are used to determine the truth, and people aren't convicted on rumors.
Pierce is a poor example for the Foundation and he should resign immediately, because of his unethical businesses and his massive conflict of interest.  It isn't necessary to water down this argument with unproven allegations.
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:26:21
I don't like this comment because you start off with the preface "I didn't watch this video."  How can you discuss how Andreas is doing a good job if you haven't watched the video?
E-Mail is not really an apt comparison; the world wide web is.  When people referred to the Internet, the most common use was to view webpages.  It is true that there are other applications for the Internet, but viewing webpages has remained the core feature of the Internet despite all of the other innovations.
Here, there may be other applications besides currency, but currency will remain the core purpose of bitcoins even as other things grow up around it.  Almost all of those other technologies depend on having bitcoins to represent value.
@_date: 2014-05-19 18:53:20
It's also interesting to note how adoption of version 0.9 and higher is not occurring.  The 0.8 versions are remaining steady.
This is because the developers have not put enough emphasis on platform testing.  My node runs bitcoin 0.8.6 because it is hosted on Debian.  Gavin Andressen told me that version 0.9.1 would fix the Debian problem that was introduced by version 0.9.0, and it did not.
Since version 0.8.6 is no longer featured on the main bitcoin websites, people using operating systems where the latest version of bitcoin doesn't work are probably not installing nodes.
@_date: 2014-02-25 13:07:14
As far as I can tell, this is the greatest heist of all time.  Can anyone refute that?
There was a bank robbery a few years ago where the crooks got off with $40m, and I seem to recall an art theft near $100m, but nothing has ever approached this magnitude.
If anyone ever needed a case why bitcoins are the perfect currency, this is it.  In those previous two thefts, the robbers couldn't sell stolen one-of-a-kind paintings.
@_date: 2014-02-18 19:43:06
I know about that lawsuit, but why are people on Mt Gox's side on that one?
Nobody knows about all the facts of that case, so it's difficult to make a decision based simply upon the paperwork that was filed.  I think it's pretty clear that Mt Gox is an incompetent and perhaps insolvent company.  I wouldn't be surprised if Gox breached their contract accidentally because Karpales didn't know about some law in the United States.
I just find it hard to side with Karpales on anything, even this suit, given how stupid he has proven himself to be with anything related to business.
@_date: 2014-01-01 13:30:38
The website stated that shipping would occur between two weeks and two months, not an indefinite number of months.  I successfully obtained a refund from PayPal on the grounds that it had been two months and one week since my order.
@_date: 2014-07-21 15:11:36
Why are you trying to place blame on the victims?  People who were deceived by Lawsky are not at fault; he is.
Keep the focus on who is wrong here.
@_date: 2014-03-14 16:00:51
The project itself is great, but the people posting bounties are posting ridiculously cheap figures.
For example, there's a bounty for a "Coinbase style payment processing system" for 5 bitcoins.  I would need at least 100 bitcoins before I would even think of touching that one.  For five bitcoins, that poster is going to get a system full of holes where people will rob them blind on day one, if anyone accepts at all.  It's simply an unreasonable task to expect that to be done in under six months or a year for a single programmer.
I see this online on those rent-a-coder sites.  People think that they can get custom websites with logins and shopping carts and fancy graphics for $500.  There must be some people who are willing to do that, or else those wouldn't be posted - I wonder how those projects turn out.
@_date: 2014-08-13 14:37:49
Do you have an opinion of which exchange would be best to use, should Cryptsy go out of business?
Mintpal seems like the best choice, but they do not have a trading API.  We initially chose Vircurex in February, but threw out all that code because they are a fractional reserve.
@_date: 2014-03-26 14:18:43
I also like this last comment about Edward Snowden, as if this exchange has anything to do with him.
Whether you approve of Snowden or not, this poster is no Edward Snowden.
@_date: 2014-04-03 15:49:33
I'm talking about CPU coins in general.  The next round of altcoins is going to have so many different proofs of work that there will always be a new flavor of the day.  Even if ASICs start taking over one, the network can mine the other coins.
@_date: 2014-01-08 19:41:53
I've already explained why it isn't possible to simply change the block size limit in a post a few weeks back, but the gist of it was that the current suggestion is to have the blocksize change dynamically, which is a lot of work and which is what the developers are doing.  There is also a better solution that uses smaller, more frequent blocks, put forward in a paper released in December, but nobody has actually developed it.
Altcoins are not a solution to this problem.  It is a huge amount of work for Overstock.com to implement bitcoin payments.  Implementing litecoin payments requires twice as many man-hours, and creates consumer confusion.  Imagine having to carry around both American and Canadian dollars and use the Canadian dollars for some purchases and the American dollars for others at the same stores, and having to pay fees to convert between them.
I think a better analogy might be to the ipv6 problem.  In my house right now, I now have 41 devices, ranging from PS3s to printers to TVs.  There is a router behind a router, behind which is a box running virtual machines on a virtual router.  If you connect a cell phone to the wireless repeater in my basement, you are behind 3 levels of NAT.  Why?  Because IP addresses are scarce, and it is cheaper for me to buy all this junk than to pay Comcast $20/month for a second IP address.
ipv6 eliminates the need for networks on top of networks, but nobody is implementing it because it costs too much to get rid of the ipv4 routers.  So eventually, I'll probably have hundreds of devices in this one house (and so will you), and I'll have to waste lots of time constantly configuring port forwarding and static routing (and so will you).  Were ipv6 widespread, I (and you) could just connect a device to any router and it would get an address that would be publicly accessible from anywhere in the world with no port forwarding and no configuration.
In the end, society would be better off if everyone spent some money now and bought ipv6 routers, but I'm not going to do it.  Why?  Because Comcast doesn't support ipv6, and even if they did, my hosting provider doesn't, and so on.
Because of Satoshi's blunder, the developers are working on an ipv6-like solution for bitcoins.  Since the number of developers is shockingly low for such a huge project, it is likely that companies that actually pay their developers will come up with a sort of NAT for bitcoins - additional chains or centralized payment systems where coins go in and out through a single transaction.  This is not the best solution, but because the cost of upgrading to a new version of bitcoin is so high, it's the one that will likely become permanent.
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:14:34
This makes sense, because I also submitted the ticket for this issue on Friday.  If it is a sitewide issue, then we know when it began.
@_date: 2014-02-25 17:07:33
Yep.  Along with bitcointip, it's the second best bot on this site.
@_date: 2014-01-26 17:44:07
People need to recognize that it doesn't matter whatsoever whether anything is actually wrong with Gox or not.  They could still fail within a matter of hours if people believe that they are going to fail.  It is obvious from reddit comments that people believe they are going to fail, so I would take that as a warning sign.
Bitcoins are not protected by $100,000 FDIC insurance.  If this were a normal bank, a bank run wouldn't happen because people can trust the government to reimburse them.  The Japanese government is not going to reimburse you if your money is in Gox as this run continues.  As an unsecured creditor, you will be last in line when they declare bankruptcy.  The people who get the money are those who have loans against physical assets, like real estate and leased computers.
Buy now while bitcoins are worth $1000 and take the 20% loss.  By next week, they could be selling for $5000, and you'll have to take an 80% loss.  Even if Gox is technically solvent then, they will be unable to obtain sufficient liquidity because nobody in their right minds will loan them money, and they will need to declare bankruptcy.
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:09:50
That's not true.  You should always turn off equipment when it is unprofitable, because it makes more sense to buy bitcoins.
No matter what your future outlook is, you should always get bitcoins the cheapest way possible.  Yesterday, the cheapest way to get bitcoins was to mine altcoins.  Right now, for almost everyone, the cheapest way to obtain bitcoins is to buy them.  I plan to buy bitcoins at the same low rate I was mining them until the price goes up enough that mining is profitable again.
The GPUs are a sunk cost.  Even if I had spent $1m on them, it still wouldn't make sense to turn them on unless I could earn more than is being spent on electricity.
Let's see if that bot can provide a link:  
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:20:57
The other issue is that the best products often don't need investment.
We're talking about bitcoins here, not pharmacy, where you need to spend billions on research to produce a drug.  I've been working on a mining pool for 18 weekends now, and by the time I launch, my total expenditure will have been about 0.9 bitcoins on a single $1000 server.
Most businesses don't need thousands of bitcoins to get up and running.  What ever happened to developing a product, releasing an initial version, seeing if people use it, and then seeking out investment if necessary?
People waste a huge amount of money on bitcoin businesses.  Serious businesses in bitcoins rarely need big investment to get started.
@_date: 2014-01-09 21:46:55
Yes, but if you are poor, then there is no difference between the two and you usually end up paying nothing.
@_date: 2014-07-28 11:59:48
With some coins, 25ms is the difference between a zero and a 50% orphan rate.
Our pool in development uses, among other things, orphan rate to compute profitability.  When we stood up the production server, which has a ping of 19ms to Google, it ended up making 21% more money than the development server, which has a 50ms ping.
That's because some coins, like Netcoins, have an orphan rate that is around 80%.  If you get that rate down to 60%, then when you mine Netcoins, you can pay out twice as much money.
@_date: 2014-02-22 12:58:43
That doesn't always work that well.  I dislike that Wegmans raised the prices of its fish from $5 to $6 recently, so I stopped buying them.  However, the fish still costs $6 and there is no other store that offers a competing product.
@_date: 2014-01-22 21:13:59
Did I miss where the growth ended?  As far as I can tell, the same exact pattern is occurring now as has occurred with the last bubble, and the bubble before that.
If you cut the charts down to 7-month intervals, they look almost exactly similar to each other.  I just don't get what people are looking at - does nobody seem to remember when "growth was done" in July, or when the bitcointalk forums were flooded with end of the world posts in 2011?
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:38:53
I disagree with what the reporter did as much as you, but calling him a "f**** hack" is inappropriate.
How can we complain about a lack of integrity among journalists if people like you are resorting to foul language and personal attacks?  Is there no better way you can get your opinion across?  This is what reporters who pick up on this story are going to see and think of this community.
I hope that you edit your post, as it waters down the impact of Voorhees' letter.
@_date: 2014-04-03 17:58:11
I am operating at a loss, in terms of running my GPUs, so I'm going to turn them off.  I will still continue with the pool development, though, because that is not a loss.
@_date: 2014-08-21 18:06:14
It's not a limit of free speech if you make posts from a bot go away.
This is like asking someone to turn off a stereo system that blasts propaganda all the time.  People protesting is a lot different than stationing trucks that plays a point of view over and over.  They actually do that in Japan.
@_date: 2014-01-24 17:10:32
I agree with this.  As Gavin Andressen said, "there will be four or five bubbles," and the Elliott Wave theory states five.  Therefore, there will still be two more: the fourth when many merchants start accepting bitcoins, and the last when it becomes clear that bitcoins are going to be the international reserve currency.
When the fifth bubble hits, the key part will be determining when to get out, and then buying back in to hold permanently when the price stabilizes at the final value.
@_date: 2014-01-28 14:20:21
There's a good saying: if something is in the news, then it's probably rare.  It applies to plane crashes, for example - when a plane crashes, the news covers it for days because aviation is the safest form of transportation in the history of the world.  But if planes crashed every day, it wouldn't be covered because there would be too many stories and people expect it to happen.
Murders in the south side of Chicago, meanwhile, kill many more people than plane crashes.  They aren't covered because they happen every other day, on average.
These stories about bitcoin wallet heists and losses are news because they happen rarely, not because they happen frequently.  There are always going to be people who lose money from some way or another.  People dropping a wallet of cash doesn't make the news because people lose cash all the time.  But bitcoins are new, and there aren't many people who have actually lost lots of money.  Nobody remembers the bank robberies that happen every day, but everyone knows that lost 10,000 bitcoins despite making 3 backups.
If we stop hearing about these losses, then it might be cause for concern, because they are so commonplace that nobody cares anymore.  For now, the fact that they are such a big deal shows that they are relatively rare.  Even if there is one reddit post about a lost wallet per day for the past 3 years, that still means that less than 0.09% (estimated) of wallets of any amount (even empty) have ever been lost.
@_date: 2014-02-16 16:44:07
One thing I noticed about many stories is not necessarily that they are wrong, but that they are missing information.
I used to think that many things happened for no reason, or because people just didn't think logically, or because people were mean.  But oftentimes, there are things that aren't reported that make stories "make more sense" when you hear them.
For example, the Amanda Knox story seems to make little sense.  There is no evidence against Knox, so it seems a mystery why the police would want to gin up charges against her, and why Guede had his sentence reduced.  It seems like a "failure of the justice system."  But when you look into it further, you discover that a week before the killing, Guede was involved in a drug deal where he was arrested and inexplicably released immediately without charges, which is common for police informants.
Had Guede not been released, he wouldn't have killed anyone.  Therefore, the blame on Knox makes sense when you consider that many people would lose their jobs if it turned out that Guede was a heinous killer who acted alone (rather than a sex game almost accidentally gone wrong involving many people).
When you know about Guede, the story changes significantly.  Similarly, when you know about the "glitch," the story changes significantly.  The problem with these stories is that the reporters often miss or intentionally hide one key fact, and every fact is important in these events.
@_date: 2014-07-19 03:20:33
If you read closely, this says it's funded by venture capitalists with seed money.  In other words, by people who are rich, and who want laws to protect the rich.
Until I hear otherwise, this sounds like people who are going to buddy up with Lawsky to make sure the regulations protect their interests at the expense of anyone who doesn't have enough money to get in the game.
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:31:11
I agree with the idea of database code.
In my altcoin mining pool that's coming up, we have four systems working together, but the database does all the accounting.  Any operation that causes a change in money is required to commit the change to the database first.  The database updates the the calculated tables, checks error conditions, and throws exceptions if something is wrong (like a miner payout exceeds the pool's available balance.)
If this were done in the business language, it would be exceedingly slow, and would also limit the ability for other systems to interact with each other.  While triggers and stored procedures get bad names, they are strongly typed and don't require confidential information to be transmitted outside of the database machine.
@_date: 2014-03-23 22:20:05
You're free to do what you want when the pool launches.
However, there are things that are right and there are things that are wrong.  What vircurex is doing is wrong.  They only correct courses of action were to shut down immediately upon the losses, or to immediately buy enough coins with their own money to restore solvency.
Playing with other people's money is wrong on every level.  You can't just say that you made a post a year ago that almost nobody remembers.  People slave away at harder and more boring jobs than I have for more hours than I do just to get a few hours with their kids every day, and these administrators take their customers' coins to line their pockets.
I don't really care if people think poorly of me because I called them out on unethical behavior.
@_date: 2014-01-08 15:30:29
The 1MB transaction limit is not an "artificial limit" that can easily be removed.  It is an extremely difficult problem that requires convincing a huge number of vested interests to agree on a solution.  And it is a tragedy of the commons that doesn't provide any useful features that provide profit to anyone in particular and just requires work to implement.
Those who run websites know of the issues caused by unwanted software upgrades.  Google Maps and symfony are two examples of this.  Google Maps recently deprecated version 2 of their API, forcing websites to upgrade for what they say are "great new features."  But most existing websites don't care about great new features; they just want things to keep working.  I simply removed Google Maps from my website because it is a waste of time to upgrade it.
symfony had a working version 1.4, which works great, but they decided to remove backwards compatibility when they created version 2.0.  That left anyone with a website created before the release of 2.0 with a mandatory upgrade by November 2013, before they discontinued support.  It simply isn't possible for me to rewrite a website that I've spent five years writing, as the only developer, just so that I can upgrade.  So I will continue to use the old version of symfony for another five years.
History has shown that there are many suboptimal systems that have retained arbitrary constants for decades simply.  The compact disc, for example, uses 16-bit audio for no good reason.  Even in the 1980s, it would have been possible to add 24-bit audio to the redbook CD spec easily.  Using 24-bit audio, which is the maximum that will ever be needed for listening, would result in much better sound.
But recording studios release music at 16-bit, or 256 times less resolution, because that is what CDs support.  To add to that, online stores like the iTunes store release 16-bit music to customers who all have 24-bit surround systems, 24-bit laptop audio cards, and 24-bit cell phones, when hard drives are far bigger than would ever be necessary to store any amount of music - even though the studio masters are all in 24-bit (!) - all because of the precedent of the redbook CD audio standard.
I don't think many people recognize how the 1MB transaction limit was the one critical oversight by Satoshi, who naively thought that one day it could just be removed, or that a better solution would come about before it became a problem.  He may have been a genius otherwise, but this could bring down the system.  Just like the Democrats do with the debt ceiling, time always passes more quickly than expected and you can't just push things off for five "long" years and believe they will somehow fix themselves before time runs out.
@_date: 2014-08-13 18:51:29
I like this idea.  But unfortunately funding isn't the issue; we need to get the pool working as soon as possible.  While you have an awesome suggestion, wouldn't it take some time to get this up and running?
I already work 70-75 hours a week, and there are only so many weekends a year.  I would love to do this, but people are depending on me for our primary project.
@_date: 2014-04-14 13:25:59
Donating to these people is dangerous, as is accepting donations.  There isn't much harm caused by downloading things for free.  However, what they call donations can easily be construed as payment for a for-profit venture.
The morality of copying TV shows for free is debatable, but few people would argue that receiving money for uploading other people's property is ethical or legal.
@_date: 2014-04-05 11:43:27
That rate is insane.  Nobody can make that much.
First, that only works if I were able to work overtime; since I am not, there is no opportunity cost in terms of paying work.
But I did the costs for things like this at one point in the past.  I was trying to determine if it made more sense for me to work on the pool or to clean toilets on Saturday mornings.  I concluded that I can make more money by cleaning toilets.
I came up that the actual rate was about $23/hr, which is about 56% of the hourly rate of the last dollar of the $89,000 I make per year.  Remember, any money I make on my own would get taxed at the highest rate, which is 28% Feds plus 6% state plus 1.45% local plus 6% sales and so on.
This is why I say that the key to getting rich isn't to work hard, but instead it is to not spend money.  I see frugality as the main method of getting me to my goal of working 3 days per week, with this pool as an adjunct to assist me in putting away more money.
Finally, if you put an hourly rate on your time, that means that you have to give investors a cut of your profits.  I have no investors because I'm taking 100% of the profits for myself.
@_date: 2014-07-30 15:36:56
The amount of maintenance is directly correlated with how many other systems you need to deal with in your code.
I frequently have the problem where my code is fine and nobody finds any  issues for months.  remixsquared.com has run for two years without a single change - except that GiantBomb changed its API, so I had to waste huge amounts of time rewriting code that already works.  And Google deprecated version 2 of its maps, so I deleted the maps from the site.
I had a Bushnell WeatherFxi tabletop device that got data from Accuweather's API.  Accuweather released a new version and now the device doesn't work anymore.
The biggest problem today with maintaining software is third-party companies releasing "updates" that are unnecessary.  As a developer, I would not have integrated my code with another system if it didn't have all the features I need.  I have never seen a case where an API update has been useful to me.  I just want it to work the way it did, for as long as possible.
This is the biggest problem of software engineering.  I can write exceptional code and finish it and it will work great, but then some company decides that they want to add some useless feature and break all the sites using it.
@_date: 2014-05-20 17:21:58
Ah, so that's why whenever I say to reference how you post here, you never appear like you usually do.
@_date: 2014-02-24 22:18:38
We need to be careful when we talk about "covering the cost of mining."
The price of bitcoins is not dependent on the cost of mining them.  Instead, miners decide whether to mine or not based on the price of bitcoins.  As the block reward goes down, mining will become more and more unprofitable.  Transaction fees will not rise to offset this, because users don't care whether people who ordered huge boxes of BFL Jalapenos make money or not.
Instead, miners who paid too much for their rigs will go bankrupt.  The network hashrate will fall, and everyone who is still mining will make money again because each person will find more lower-value blocks with lower transaction fees.
The only way this cycle will not occur is if the value of bitcoins doubles every four years.  One would imagine that the value of block rewards will never reach zero, because there will almost certainly be a time when people decide to make use of 64-bit numbers for higher precision before then.  Remember, the only reason block rewards will ever reach zero is because bitcoins are not divisible enough with 32-bit numbers to give block rewards of fractions of a satoshi.
@_date: 2014-07-16 12:19:59
Be careful about purse.io's customer service, which is poor and unhelpful.  They have bugs in their system where you can end up with a negative balance, and they actually had the gall to demand that I pay the difference.
They are a great idea, but I'm waiting for them to resolve the bugs and hire a better customer service staff before I give them more business.
@_date: 2014-01-24 14:09:56
This post is key.  Litecoins had just one block of premining.  The creator announced them several weeks in advance, and everyone had a chance to find blocks at the beginning.  Had I known about litecoins, I could probably have found a block, and my block would be worth $1250 today.  If litecoins reach $500 this year as many have predicted, then my block will be worth $25,000.
As you can see, if I believed in the future of litecoins, I wouldn't have needed to mine many blocks in order to be rich.  50 blocks may be enough to retire at a decent wage.
On the other hand, if I don't anticipate my new coin succeeding, I can premine 20% of them, so that if they are worth one cent, then I can sell and still earn my $1.25m, and retire off that.  In that case, I don't care if they ever gain any real value; all I have to do is issue some press releases to run up the price a few cents.
Note that none of the successful coins were premined.  Even dogecoins are not premined.  The creators sell off their coins as soon as they become worth a little bit and the coins fail because of it.
@_date: 2014-06-03 18:40:29
He has also had a plan to resolve the 1MB transaction limit published online for 2 years, and we don't see much progress on that.
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:15:11
The whole story about that threat is very convenient and shady.  The threat just happened to occur while he was out of the country, giving him an excuse not to return and face the law.
Most people, when faced with just a single threat, would either ignore it or work with the police.
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:27:28
It might be difficult to prosecute those people because Mt Gox would have to prove that the accused intentionally defrauded them.  There are likely a lot of people who simply didn't see their transactions go through and requested again.
@_date: 2014-03-05 14:31:27
I didn't include all of the measures that we were taking, simply because it would have taken too long to list them all in the message.  There are more than what I listed, and backups are included in that.  In regards to backups, we plan on simply making a copy of the entire system every night on a 24tb RAID 60, and saving backups from the last week and then every Sunday before that.
As to the triggers, they are designed to reduce the amount of work the database goes through.  We considered several designs.  In all of the designs, the major problem is that we need to have one row per share maintained forever, for auditing purposes.  We anticipate one row per minute per person.  The Middlecoin pool has an average per-person hashrate of 2.42Mh/s, so that means that a 2.4Gh/s pool would generate about 1.4m rows in this one table alone per day.  If each row is 1000 bytes, we end up generating 1.4GB of data in this table.
The "best" design would be for us to create a view that always computes balances against this table and others, so that the view is always queried by all users.  This sort of extreme normalization wouldn't work for performance reasons, so the solution we came to is to use triggers to compute how much a share is worth at the time of earning, and put that number in a status_earning table.  There are eight variables in the equation, such as price and difficulty (and others).  There are eight other status_ tables which are computed based on the values in the normalized tables.  The database can then be separated into normalized tables and these status_ tables.
The checks I referred to in the database are basic checks that prevent the most egregious errors.  The trading script is designed to always attempt a commit before paying out.  If the database finds out that a payout causes the pool's balance to drop below zero, for example, then a rollback occurs and the trader won't execute the action it was supposed to take.  Those basic checks aren't computationally intensive.
The purpose of the "check" system is to compare these status_ tables with the actual data and the balances in the wallets.  The check system fires up when the database is under a period of low load (or every certain number of minutes if that never happens), and runs some random queries on some recently added data to make sure that the books balance.  For example, it might choose one customer at random and look at his shares from the normalized tables, and then compare them to what is in the computed status tables.  If his payouts are confirmed, it would then check the txids of payout transactions and make sure that his payouts match what he was supposed to earn.  With proper indexing, running queries for random limited sets of data (and not locking the database, since this routine can deal with a few satoshis missing) doesn't take long.
Finally, you might be surprised to learn that, of the 344 hours charged by employees to this project, the largest single expense has been configuring Linux.  Installing the GRUB bootloader to work with software madam RAID (and eventually having to buy a hardware RAID card) and configuring iptables (and finally deciding against them) are tasks that took days.  With Windows, you just download the installation disk from the MSDN, put it in, click the "hyper v manager," and you have a system that works in about an hour.  I could have saved 150 hours and six weekends for just $600.  The next time I work on a project, I will pay the licensing fees and use Windows, because you clearly get what you pay for.
@_date: 2014-03-20 12:00:45
Another page of As tophernator said, this may be a stupid troll who is trying to gain fame or something else, but I have 1200 hours of work and $10,000 riding on whether there is a bug in this software.  This makes me hesitant to launch if nobody finds anything by next month.
Hopefully slush may have some idea of what is being talked about here.  I can't care whether we're "feeding the trolls;" I'd rather be safe than sorry.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:40:03
Every day, the actions of the United States government in regards to bitcoins continue to shock me.  Remember, this is a place where gay marriage was illegal until last year, and I wasn't able to even consider starting my mining pool until last week because it was impossible for normal people to obtain health insurance on the open market.  It's a country where there is a prison camp in another country where people are held without trial, and where there used to be two wars going on at once.  Some people went as far as to move to Canada when Bush was reelected.
But while the Chinese do themselves in by outlawing bitcoins, the Indians harass exchange operators, the Europeans issue "warnings" about the "risks" associated with bitcoins, and the Canadians declare that bitcoins are "not a currency," the US government now sells bitcoins legally, praises them in Congressional hearings, and proposes the creation of specific licenses for dealing with them.
The United States is not just removing impediments to the adoption of bitcoins, but they are starting to actively encourage usage.  A year ago, who would have guessed that it may well be the US government that could end up being the primary force causing the worldwide adoption of bitcoins?
@_date: 2014-02-20 15:27:54
Not if your mailserver uses SPF.  That's why I always advise people to either enable SPF, or change to a provider that uses it.
@_date: 2014-04-03 20:16:53
Interesting software.  I looked at it and although it does have nice features, I think that it still suffers from the same architectural flaw as every pool software that I evaluated: coin switching is an afterthought.
Some pools, like hashcows, provide many different ports where there are essentially multiple pools running.  This is confusing to users and restricts the most useful features.  The pool should be one piece of software that distributes shares across many coins according to an algorithm, rather than a proxy server that switches ports between smaller pools.  That allows miners to set up huge rigs of equipment, leave the area, and manage what they are mining from an Android application.
In regards to hosting, we decided to simply place the server in a house with an alarm system and a FiOS business class connection, which can get 150/65 nowadays.  That's seven times more upload bandwidth than the 3TB monthly cap that many webservice providers give.  The location is solar-powered, so it is immune to power outages unless too many panels are destroyed somehow.
I agree with you that the data is going to be a catastrophe.  I'm still not sure how we are going to deal with all the data, other than that we have a RAID 6.  We may just compress and copy it to simple $194.99 5TB hard drives.
I share Google's philosophy in that everything doesn't have to be "commercial class."  I think that being open to inventive solutions is a way to cut costs and remain competitive in a challenging market.
@_date: 2014-08-21 23:04:50
I replied to the initial comment.  Then I found it funny that they linked to the comment that I posted criticizing them.
The issue with isn't that they hate bitcoins, it's the manner in which they present their criticism.  For example, they have pictures of Karpeles in their sidebar.  There are a lot of people who lost money it took 10 or 20 years to save for there.  The picture is placed there to purposely remind people of what he did, and there's no honor in that.
If the people in were honorable people, they would discuss their criticisms of the technology in a professional manner without making fun of people here.
My initial comment was largely aimed at that totes_meta_bot, which is posting links here that are not helpful.  It's a software algorithm that is spamming this forum with useless links, and it should be banned.  The autowikibot and changetip provide valuable services, but this bot allows anyone to link to a popular thread and then spam whatever they want in that thread.  And people here upvoted the bot, too, which makes it more likely to be used for future spam.
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:20:44
There's another point that everyone seems to be missing in all these prosecutions:  in every case, the people who are being charged are involved in some sort of criminal activity.
In the case of Karpales, he blatantly lied on his bank account forms, stating he wasn't using Mt Gox's account for money transmission.  Shrem allegedly sent E-Mails and personally looked the other way, knowing that all his money was going to the Silk Road.  And the guys in this article were directly told that the buyers were going to use $30,000 in bitcoins to purchase stolen credit cards and still sold them bitcoins.  Then, they arranged another transaction to sell them more.
Perhaps I'm missing something, but I don't think there has yet been a prosecution of anyone who has solely bought or sold bitcoins and told the truth about it, without some other aggravating factor involved.
@_date: 2014-01-08 19:24:51
First, I don't appreciate personal attacks.  I don't call anyone's posts "rants," and I don't tell people to "wake up."  There are other ways of expressing disagreement than telling people that their posts are "unnecessary."  I downvoted the post because the tone does not contribute to a positive atmosphere.
But as to the content of the post, I disagree with you in two ways.  First, all users will need to upgrade, not just miners.  If a new algorithm is released that allows greater size blocks, then old nodes will reject those blocks regardless of whether they are miners.  Therefore, all nodes that would want to be on this new chain would be forced into upgrading.
Second, upgrading is not a simple task.  Coinbase, for example, will have to take down its nodes for maintenance, which means that all trading activities will cease.  That means that they will lose a lot of money during the interruption period.  They will incur overtime expenses because employees will have to do this on a Sunday morning.  As they bring the nodes back online, it is possible that the upgrade fails because there is some incompatibility with other software, and they have to execute a rollback.  Hopefully, no data corruption occurs, but they still have to schedule another window and try again.
Some sites may have software that is compiled against the bitcoin source code.  That means that the upgrade process involves recompiling their own software and performing regression tests against the new bitcoin code.  They have to pay developers to fix any regressions caused by the upgrade.
Mining pools are even more complicated.  Many pools, like the one I am developing, use custom implementations of bitcoin.  Mine is forked with slight changes, so I would have to merge these changes with my own, which delays the launch of the pool by taking up valuable weekends I could otherwise spend finishing the pool.  Big pools almost certainly have reimplemented the entire client, or run the client behind the bitcoind client, so it would be a monumental change for them to upgrade.
Even if everything goes successfully, millions of dollars will be spent preparing for this change.
Finally, consider what will happen when the day for the change arrives.  The previous fork occurred on May 15 and on that date the software switched over.  Suppose these changes are announced a year in advance, and people get new implementations ready.  When the time arrives, bugs are going to occur when the first large block arrives - and all of these bugs are going to happen at once.  Suppose that the BTC Guild discovers a mistake in their implementation, and 40% of hashpower goes offline immediately.
Or, suppose that it was Coinbase that had the mistake instead, and instead of buying coins from the real network, they buy coins from a forked network.  In a few minutes, they could go belly up as every sell pays out money they don't have.  The price would plummet close to zero as everyone sells to get free money out of Coinbase.  If the 1MB limit is ever removed, fraudsters are going to try this at every exchange.
My opinion is that it is too late for any further hard forks to occur.  Bitcoins are growing too fast, and we are stuck with what we have.  The only solution at this point is some sort of protocol built on top of the protocol, like a blockchain of microtransactions for each block, or centralized payment processors that do off-chain transactions.
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:26:14
When I interviewed people for the last company I worked for, we had hundreds of resumes for a few positions.  After 50 interviews, we finally came up with a simple strategy for eliminating incompetent people:
-Throw away any resume or business plan from a person without a college degree.
That sounds harsh, but having a college degree is by far the most predictive criteria for success in technology.  When I look at new companies like this, the first question I ask is how well educated the founders are.
It may be that competent people pursue degrees, rather than that colleges make people competent.  Either way, people need to stop throwing money at managers who have no credentials or experience.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:16:28
I agree that the competition is fierce, but I also think that most of the existing pools have significant room for improvement.  My belief is that miners will flock to a new pool if a better one is available.  When I talked about this pool last month, I was inundated with private messages and had to tell the customers that we weren't ready yet.
There are a lot of pools out there where people set up some off the shelf software.  I'm not sure how that's possible while still making a good pool.  We've already recorded 600 hours in development effort and haven't yet launched.  To give Some of the mistakes I see most pools making are:
1.  They operate anonymously without real names or contact information.  I know this is an issue because every time I make a post, some people message me saying how the Middlecoin pool has no info.
2.  They don't have someone to call and help them set up mining equipment, which can gain customers for life.
3.  They don't provide data on every single share mined to allow people to audit payouts.
4.  They mine only one coin at a time for all miners, which coins like dogecoins have recently adapted to.
5.  Most only mine one algorithm, like SHA-256 or scrypt.
6.  They don't have a second system to audit the first and shut it down in case of hacking.
There are also five additional disadvantages with other pools that I won't reveal for a few weeks.
I see this pool eventually ending up as a distributed computing platform where algorithm code can be sent to miners.  Eventually, there may be other corporations' work that isn't related to mining that is more profitable, and it can be mixed in with normal shares.
To answer your question, we are indeed in this to get rich.  If you're going to run a business, there's no reason to do it if you don't make money.  If it fails, then I've had four businesses fail before.  But I think that there is a place for a well-run pool.  I guess we'll find out in a month or two.
@_date: 2014-07-16 23:08:52
This is a huge difference.  It makes using bitcoin to purchase gift cards sensible.  Before this, it was better to use 2% cashback bonus credit cards because the 3% you could save with Gyft was not enough.
@_date: 2014-02-25 01:39:24
Thanks for the interest, but I don't think we're at that point at the moment.  We are testing the mining server with just a few employees, and are about 2/3 done with the frontend.
Before we can have people join, we need to write a whole second system to audit the first system and shut it down if the balances stop making sense, so we don't end up like Gox.  I don't understand how a big company like Gox can have systems that just pay out without anyone auditing them.
Plus, anyone joining now would likely lose money because we still need to take down the hypervisor and install a more reliable hardware RAID card in it, which is going to cause downtime.  We want to own the actual hardware in a locked facility, because I'm not going to be like those early exchanges that had employees at the hosting company break into their shared virtual machines.
In three weeks, or maybe five, we will probably be ready to scale up.  If you or anyone else is interested, send me your E-Mail address.  I'll create a list and send out some information when the time comes.  Maybe we'll offer no-fee mining to the first miners in compensation for the inevitable downtime there will be due to pre-launch bugs.
@_date: 2014-02-21 17:48:32
Now this finally makes sense.  This is by far the most logical and well-thought-out theory about Mt Gox that has been posted here.  It should be upvoted or posted in a new thread.
This explains a lot of things that seemed to have no explanation before other than that the people involved were mean.  If this is true, then Karpales' refusal to state that Mt Gox is solvent or insolvent makes sense because he doesn't yet know.
If a database reindex is occurring, the index is an O(n^2) operation, where n=the number of transactions in Mt Gox's database since the beginning of time.  Even if this data is stored on solid state disks, it would take a very long time to read each transaction from Mt Gox and compare it to every transaction in the blockchain.
It would also have required a significant amount of time to write the code to do that, and then some time to test the reindexing code before doing the actual run.
The problem with these procedures is that it is impossible to determine how long it's going to take when you start, because the system slows down as you go.  Everything seems to go fast in the beginning, but as the end of the operation approaches, more and more memory is used, and there are more random disk reads and writes.  Once you've started, and you notice this slowdown, you are already halfway through the records, so you think that a rollback will take longer than a commit.  However, it keeps slowing down more and more, and eventually you have no choice but to allow the transaction to commit regardless of how long it takes - or restore from the backup and start over with new code, which has no guarantee of working any better and which requires the backup to be recent and correct.
This explanation also makes sense in that Mt Gox said they had already released the fix two Sundays ago but hadn't enabled it yet.  They may have their system ready to go, but the reindexing operation is going so slowly that, as they said, they cannot provide a definitive timeframe for it to complete.
@_date: 2014-01-22 22:21:41
I held bitcoins during the last low, and the one before that, and will continue to hold or even buy this time.
Also, if you had bought tech stocks 15 years ago and held until today, you would have made money too.  The only people who lost money were those who sold after the crash occurred.
@_date: 2014-02-25 01:26:02
I think this sort of speculation is pointless because in 100 years we will either be dead, because someone released nanomachines that killed everyone because of a bug or due to terrorism, or we will all be talking about the days we were on reddit, living almost forever and having to work for nothing.
Money is only relevant when there is scarcity.
@_date: 2014-01-03 13:08:51
Only 10,000 people in the entire world have more than ten bitcoins, but one million people have up to ten bitcoins.
I found that shocking when I read it, but bitcoins have a distribution of wealth that is similar to real life.  I would imagine that, as time goes on, the number of people with more than ten bitcoins will decline even further.
@_date: 2014-04-08 18:41:26
Why would Coinbase have such a policy?  It seems to me that they are simply throwing away money from their most profitable customers.
@_date: 2014-07-21 12:06:22
They should move to a location where extradition is not an option for that offense.
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:02:13
I agree with this one, but now that there is news that the three bidders are other bitcoin exchanges, there is some incentive.
Mt Gox has no assets other than its customer records.  Its source code is worthless and all of its employees are either laid off or are nowhere to be found.  It is a tenant in its offices, so it doesn't even have any real estate.
The buyer can eliminate the Gox brand and roll all of Gox's customers into its own exchange.  If Bitstamp bought Gox, for instance, they could just roll balances into Bitstamp's exchange and those customers would seamlessly transition, making them the  exchange overnight, assuming they could afford to pay off the people who want to withdrawal immediately.
@_date: 2014-04-09 23:38:41
All I can say is that people have been predicting the death of altcoins for years, but they continue to stick around.
Bitcoins are the future, not altcoins.  However, there will always be some altcoin or another that people think is going to strike it rich.
@_date: 2014-01-21 21:38:32
There's a large difference between the two.  In a casino, the expected value favors you losing.  In an investment like bitcoins, the expected value is positive, because even if the risk is high, the potential upside is astronomical.
@_date: 2014-02-04 16:09:41
Instead of buying ASICs, buy GPUs and set them to work on the middlecoin pool.  The pool mines coins other than bitcoins, sells them immediately, and pays you in bitcoins.
I make about $8 per GPU per day using the middlecoin pool, and made about $35 in December.  Unlike SHA-256 miners, GPUs are readily available and the first scrypt ASICs are not projected for release until Spring (which means they will really show up next year, given the industry).  GPUs will continue to be profitable until those scrypt ASICs become available or until all altcoins fail.
Note that by using GPUs, you have a secondary benefit:  you promote the bitcoin economy by reducing the price of the altcoins.  The only disadvantage is that the middlecoin has a lack of transparency: there is no contact information on their site, and they don't state what they are mining to prove they aren't ripping off their customers, but I hope to have a solution for that with my pool in two months.
Finally, there are two other benefits to GPUs.  You can use them to play games on the weekends.  I have GPUs that mine 9 days every two weeks and then on Saturdays, Sundays, and every other Friday they make an incredible gaming rig.  In addition, if the scheme ever turns out to be unprofitable, the GPUs aren't worth zero like ASICs would be, because GPUs can be used for games and for rendering video.
@_date: 2014-02-25 01:23:24
Yes, that's exactly the reason.  ASICMINER did that in July, too.  Some pools have decided that not to take on any risk by missing a block, especially publicly traded companies.
Another reason is simply that some pool operators are understaffed and don't have the time to evaluate which transactions are worth including.  Creating empty blocks is the simplest algorithm.
@_date: 2014-04-11 14:31:53
I think this is a great idea as much as you do, but the site says "we are putting the finishing touches on our alpha software."  I'd say that they have a 10% chance of actually launching, and if they do, it will be a year from now.
So-called "beta testing" sites often are unusuable and become vaporware.  This site looks pretty but doesn't even have any content.
@_date: 2014-08-13 20:15:25
@_date: 2014-07-21 02:18:00
What people will do is largely based upon what the penalties will be, because I don't see anywhere where penalties are discussed.  If there is a fine of $1000 per resident, for example, then a pool might be willing to put in place a certain strength of program to prevent New York residents, but if the fine is $1m per resident, then the pool will put in place a program of higher strength.
Likewise, if there was a 10% chance I would spend 10 years in jail and a 90% chance I could make 10 million dollars, I would accept that risk.  I'd gladly give up 10 years of life to buy the rest of it free and clear.  However, if the risk of jail is 10% but the profit is $100,000, that doesn't make sense.
There are so many laws in this country that you can never be in compliance with all of them.  People are going to have to start evaluating the risks.  If the BTC Guild runs away, there are going to be other pools that will implement enough compliance measures to reduce risk until an equilibrium is reached across the market.  The equilibrium will probably be more compliance than now, but not 100% compliance to the letter of the law.
*I also edited this post to point ask why, even if the BTC Guild believes that they need to start collecting all this information, they don't just pack up and relocate to another country?  If I were making as much money as they were, I would get on a plane the day before the regulations hit and then continue on in a business-friendly jurisdiction.
@_date: 2014-04-08 18:05:51
Thanks a lot.  I'll be sure to install this as soon as I can.
@_date: 2014-01-13 21:30:08
They join the middlecoin pool.  Heck, I even mine at the middlecoin pool, because if the owner is defrauding me, I'm still making $10 per GPU per day.
I'm working on a new altcoin mining pool to address these concerns, and we will see whether people care about this or not, but stating that people won't join a pool where they can't see the payouts is proven entirely wrong by the middlecoin pool.
@_date: 2014-02-22 14:45:00
There are other stores that sell fish, but not this particular type of fish.
Another area where it's not possible to create your own product, and where companies can charge whatever they want, is Internet access.  I pay $109.95 for 50Mbps/10Mbps Internet service.  My parents pay $24.99 for 75Mbps/35Mbps service.  The only reason I pay $1000 more per year for an inferior product is that Verizon has lines running to their house.
In fact, Comcast has more bandwidth than Verizon does.  They just don't offer it to customers because they are only concerned with how much money they make, rather than with offering a quality product.
When I launch my mining pool, my goal will be to offer a quality product at an affordable fee.  I'm not interested in becoming a millionaire; if the pool somehow made the $1m I would need to retire, I would probably shut down the pool or lower the fee.
I don't buy the idea that everyone offers the poorest quality product they can.  Some people need competition to keep them honest whereas others look out for society.  The majority of people, in general, are mean and selfish, which is why we need regulations and why public companies are profit-oriented.  It's also why many people always look for what they can get out of a "friendship," rather than just doing nice things for others.
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:33:06
To demonstrate the reason for this, I calculated that if I continued to mine at current profitability, I would effectively be paying $510 for bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:46:53
This is a poor analogy.  The reason that people in Africa starve is not because there isn't enough food, it's because it's too expensive to send food to them.  Apples sold in Zimbabwe don't make any difference because they could never have been sold at the farmer's market anyway.
Bitcoins are not expensive to ship to anywhere, so a sale of a single bitcoin affects the price no matter where it is purchased.  SecondMarket purchased a lot of bitcoins off-market, but it is unlikely that the sellers would have disappeared otherwise.  They obviously wanted to sell, so they would have sold on the market had they been unable to do so to SecondMarket.
There is no difference between a bitcoin on the market or off of it, and there is no difference between a bitcoin in Africa and in the United States.  They are all the same.
Therefore, the price of bitcoins was still diminished by the need for these sellers to get rid of their assets.
@_date: 2014-04-05 15:01:30
Because the frequency of the blocks will be much less than they are now.  When the network is increasing in hashrate by 25% per two weeks, that means that blocks occur every 9 minutes.  But if the network is decreasing by 10%, it means that blocks occur every 11 minutes.  There are fewer blocks in which to fit transactions, even though the 1MB transaction limit remains a hard cap.
@_date: 2014-04-09 15:41:51
Everyone refers to bitcoins as "BTC," and everyone uses the current bitcoin symbol.  The only exception is a few sites that use these other symbols as if they were in common usage, to make some sort of point.
Why has there been this push in the past six hours to change these things?  Nothing is wrong with the way things are now.  There are people stealing private keys, Mt Gox lost millions of dollars, sites are being attacked by the heartbleed bug, and there is a 1MB transaction limit catastrophe approaching.  Yet, people are wasting huge threads about things like this that are completely irrelevant.
@_date: 2014-02-18 18:20:30
If this petition succeeds in removing Karpales, then someone needs to write a press release and send it to all of the major newspapers and technology websites.
Removing him from the board would be a clear indicator that the problem lies with him, and not with bitcoins themselves.  Such a press release could generate positive articles and correct misinformation.
@_date: 2014-02-10 21:12:00
Why is this post being downvoted?  Disagreeing with Market-Anarchist's opinion is not a valid reason for downvoting.
I happen to agree with his comment.  When Google Finance displays stock quotes, they display the price they are selling at on the NASDAQ or the New York Stock Exchange.  They don't list the price at a small exchange in Nebraska.
Mt Gox does not deserve to be treated on the same level as the other exchanges, because they are not operating a competent business.  You can't transfer money out of Mt Gox in either method, and they are issuing false press releases.  How can something be an exchange if you can't transfer money out of it?
They should be removed immediately.
@_date: 2014-03-23 18:00:35
This post angers me more than anything that has been posted here in months.  Mt Gox was a disaster, but what is incomprehensible about this is that these scumbags continued to operate without making their situation very clear on the front page of their site even after Mt Gox failed due to the same scam they are perpetuating.
I'm a month away from opening a mining pool.  If we had launched, it's possible we could have had $10,000 on that exchange during our daily trades.  This action would have been catastrophic for our business.
How many other businesses are going to fail because Vircurex was so irresponsible?  What if there is another pool that goes bankrupt because of this action?  When an exchange fails, it takes hundreds of other sites with it.
I hope that someone sues them immediately for these losses to stop them from operating and the bankruptcy process can recover what it can.  As a community, we need to make it clear that this type of fractional reserve banking is no longer acceptable.  They deserve to fail, and I hope that the owners' homes can be seized over this.  While losing coins to theft is bad luck, operating while knowing that coins are lost is illegal and they deserve jail time.
Withdraw all your coins from Vircurex, and spread the word so that nobody is fooled into depositing money there again.
@_date: 2014-03-24 16:59:34
There's also another reason not to put all your money into it, which few people seem to mention here:  if bitcoins reach $150k, then there is no reason to own more than about ten of them because there is no point to having so much money.
After you don't have to work, money is useless because it can't buy anything worthwhile.  If you got a Jaguar tomorrow, would you be much happier next week?  If your house was twice as big, would you do jumping jacks for the rest of your life?  You can get an unbelievable cell phone that was unavailable to anyone just five years ago for about fifty dollars, and a few hundred bucks will buy you a 1080p projector that can turn a wall into a movie theater, which used to cost millions and which had a lower quality.
On the other hand, no matter how much money you have, you can't buy cures for serious diseases, or bring family members back to life, or make friends with any greater number of decent, caring people.
The only thing that money can buy that is worthwhile is time.  I selected my investment amount based on the idea that if bitcoins become worth $1m, then there's no need for me to own many of them.  Therefore, if bitcoins don't grow to be worth that much, I won't have to retire weeks later than I would have otherwise because I made a bad investment.
@_date: 2014-07-14 03:46:10
Or, maybe the person is just writing what (s)he thinks because (s)he likes to write.
Be careful about assigning motives to people.  I know that I can never get inside someone else's head, so trying to figure out what someone else is thinking is always a bad move.
@_date: 2014-08-13 19:02:24
No, it isn't.  I plan to write about this at today, but the failure of Cryptsy would be catastrophic for the bitcoin economy.  There would be an altcoin crash in the double digits across all the other exchanges.
There are also some altcoins only traded at Cryptsy.  Those altcoins, even if held in private wallets, would become worthless instantly because there is nowhere to trade them, resulting in large losses.
Finally, the news would make headlines.  When Mt Gox fails, it was a tragedy, but there are still people who can write it off as a one-off thing.  If Cryptsy fails, Lawsky will be able to say "I told you so!"  Regulations will be issued, and the price of bitcoins will plummet as there is more negative publicity and mistrust.
Arguably, the biggest loser in a Cryptsy bankruptcy would be litecoins.  Cryptsy trades all of its coins in litecoins, and only some of them in bitcoins.  There would be significantly reduced demand for litecoins if not for trading for other altcoins.
@_date: 2014-04-09 22:19:12
I disagree with this one.  It's possible that bitcoins won't be used, perhaps because of technical limits like the 1MB transaction limit or some of the other issues.
But there will be no other cryptocurrency that supplants bitcoins.  If litecoins, for example, take over, then a precedent will have been set that a new currency can displace the old one.  I would sell everything, and no merchant would invest in point-of-sale systems when his entire investment could be lost once a new flavor of the day comes along.
Because bitcoin is far more useful than any other currency ever used, it can't fail because people won't use it.  It can't fail because an altcoin overtakes it, because that would spell the end of cryptocurrencies, and too much money is invested now to allow that to happen.  Therefore, the only thing that keeps bitcoin from taking over is a technical hurdle.
@_date: 2014-08-13 18:56:30
Thanks for the tip.
Is there a number I can have call for him to demonstrate the business model and talk about what we're looking for?  If so, could you send it to me?
Also, I hope that you're not located in New York.  Our plan is that we may have to ban users from New York in a few months, and I'm not sure if it's legal to use an exchange in New York, even if it gets licensed.
@_date: 2014-02-26 19:40:02
It's possible that all the information is accurate, but someone pulled together the slideshow for whatever reason.  Maybe they faked a few things in it.
If I were a consultant, I would certainly run a spell check on the document, even if it were a draft.
People on the Internet don't always have reasonable motives behind everything they do.  People go to forums and spread spoilers of movies and create photoshopped images of news events.  There's no rational reason for doing that, but those things happen anyway.
@_date: 2014-02-08 13:14:39
The Cassacius guy received a letter, the contents of which were not posted to the Internet, so we don't know what the letter said.  He wasn't charged with anything, and letters are not law.
We will never know whether selling physical coins is against the law or not because he never took it to court.  It was his right to take it to court, where a judge would have decided and set a precedent whether it is permitted to sell physical coins.  Since he did not, it isn't accurate to say that selling physical coins is "money transmission."
@_date: 2014-04-09 13:11:41
I used to think that people were stupid with computers too, but then I realized that most people can become experienced with things.  The problem isn't that people are stupid; it's that they never are curious to find out a better way.  The difference between people that others call "smart" and that others call "dumb" usually isn't intelligence - instead, it's this motivation to learn how to do things, since you can learn how to do anything through the Internet.
Have you ever simply told her how to close tabs?  I bet that the next time you see her, she will not only have fewer tabs open, but she will also be thankful for not having so many tabs around.  You'd be surprised how people can learn quickly, and how the simplest things can make the biggest difference.
@_date: 2014-02-06 13:17:48
If I could go anywhere in the world, I would go to New Zealand.  I hope I can do it sometime in the next 20 years.
I never realized how sparsely populated New Zealand was.  I thought that there were lots of national parks set aside and then the rest of the place was populated with lots of people.
@_date: 2014-01-04 18:48:36
Buy the rumor, sell the news.  I'm going to buy several more.
@_date: 2014-01-24 14:02:42
The "premined" part is devastating.
Any coin that devotes a portion to "development activities" needs to be destroyed.  Fortunately, people seem to have seen through these schemes with Ripple and devcoin and those two have fallen to where they deserve.
I will not be purchasing any of this and I hope that nobody else here does as well.  I'll also investigate if it is possible to point my miners at it to produce empty blocks and attack the network.  Who decides what the "expenses, salaries and rewards" for this coin will be spent towards?  How high will the salaries be?  Who will be paid and who pays them?  What happens if Etherium becomes worth $10b like bitcoins and they are sitting on keys worth $2.25b?
As a community we must be vigilant to eliminate premined coins.  Many people joined the bitcoin movement because, for whatever its flaws, it allows anyone to become a miner, investor, or user with nobody being given an unfair advantage.  Ethereum has none of these characteristics, and whatever technological advances it has are irrelevant without it being fair to everyone.
@_date: 2013-04-25 15:59:17
The number is my opinion.  Yours might differ, of course.
Choice does threaten bitcoin.  If you're asking me what I want to happen, I want bitcoin to succeed.  I don't care about litecoins, and most people do not either.  Litecoins eat up developer resources, waste GPU power, and add to confusion.
I want 4K TVs to succeed because they are vastly superior in picture quality to 1080p TVs.  If litecoins offered a groundbreaking advantage over bitcoins, then I would want them to succeed, but they do not solve any of the major problems hindering bitcoin's adoption, like wallet security and merchant acceptance.
Litecoins are nothing but a hinderance to bitcoins.  They do not create a "marketplace" for currencies where the best one is supposed to win.  People don't choose currencies based on technical aspects; they choose them based upon where they are accepted.  Litecoins being made as popular as bitcoins will end up with another HD-DVD and Blu-ray war, which delayed five years of HD content and jeopardized the HDTV market.
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:00:23
If this is a scam, I don't see what the purpose is.  Anyone can follow the money and identify the criminal whenever it is spent.
@_date: 2013-05-04 20:46:36
This isn't anything new.  Buffet once said that he only buys businesses that he understands.  He rarely invests in technology companies because he doesn't understand a lot about technology.  He sticks to things he does understand, like McDonalds and Coke.
This is a good rule of thumb for any investor - only invest in things you know a lot about.  It's why I've invested in bitcoins, because I know a lot about them.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:57:11
These "speculators" weren't making a bad decision.  Most of them knew the risks.
I hold bitcoins because there is such a huge upside to them.  The most I can lose is 100% of my investment, but the most I can gain is 1000 times it.  If I believe there is even a 1 in 999 chance that bitcoins will skyrocket, then the expected value is positive.
Speculators recognized this and made a rational decision - at least those who didn't panic sell and are still holding.  
@_date: 2013-10-26 13:55:00
But these "obsolete" devices will not be useless.  When I can pick up some old Jalapenos for $5, I will, because they will be useful to generate heat.
Why buy a heater that is 100% heat-producing when I can buy a bitcoin miner that is 99% heat-producing but pays back 10% of its costs?  I can put these in my basement and attach a thermostat, only turning them on when it needs to be heated.
This may sound ridiculous, but miners aren't obsolete just because they can't pay for themselves.  In the future, we may see a whole line of heaters that are made from repurposed ASIC circuit boards, that are more economical than straight resistive heat.
@_date: 2013-04-28 17:14:03
That's all.  If I recall correctly, I think the pills were something like 200mg, and I took three of them over the course of two days.
@_date: 2013-06-26 15:09:00
If you paid by bitcoins, then this is a problem.  If you paid by PayPal, then just send PayPal an E-Mail.
Everyone knows that PayPal never, under any circumstances, sides with the seller.  I've sold 500 items on eBay and have never seen a dispute resolved in the seller's favor.
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:20:48
I'd buy one if Coinbase hadn't "run out of bitcoins" until December 5.  As it is, I can't participate in this event.
@_date: 2013-07-04 13:56:54
Thanks, but I decided against trying again.  Why should I spend 100 hours a week trying to start a business when I can make a decent wage working for someone else and invest my earnings in stocks?  I don't see what the purpose is of putting in such long hours to earn 10 million bucks - what good is so much money anyway?
You can't use money to buy good health, or decent friends.  A sports car isn't going to make me any happier than a Civic is.
@_date: 2013-12-15 16:00:54
That's understandable, but in that case I think that the community rules need to be expanded.  In particular, they need to prohibit namecalling and racial slurs.
In most forums, you want to keep the discussions about the topic, not about the people.  Sometimes, flame threads happen here where one of the participants starts calling the other names.  Such posts contribute nothing to the discussion and turn possible contributors away because they believe they would also be treated that way.
@_date: 2013-07-15 23:32:31
I live in central Pennsylvania.  Far from being a frozen wasteland, highs in July and August average around 80 degrees.  From May 20 through October 1 or so, you can open the windows most days.  There are few places in the country where you can open your windows and enjoy the weather more for more than two weeks in the Spring and Fall.
@_date: 2013-06-19 14:39:18
No, of course not.  If you took it that way, I apologize.
In another thread, someone replied that $40,000/yr is not enough to live on, despite it being more than the average person makes and more than 95% of the world makes.  It is so drilled into people's head that the purpose of life is to work that they see the tradeoff as between what career you choose and what kind of lifestyle you live, rather than as a tradeoff between what career you choose and how soon you can get off the 9 to 6 train.
@_date: 2013-10-19 14:48:36
Is it possible that it is sending coins to a different wallet where sells are going on?  We'd have to look at the blockchain to make sure there simply aren't multiple wallets in one person's name.
@_date: 2013-11-23 17:18:29
I agree that people should submit support tickets before making a complaint to the forums.  However, stating that they are a "startup company" is NOT a valid excuse for poor customer service.
They are a corporation that transfers millions of dollars in dollars and bitcoins, not some mom and pop operation that sells soda for five cents at the corner store.  They are expected to be held to an extremely high standard.  If they cannot meet that standard, then, as BitInstant shows, they deserve to go bankrupt.
@_date: 2013-06-06 14:20:37
In general, the most important factor in deciding whether mining is a good investment is the cost of electricity.
Assuming you are using the most advanced hardware, the difficulty is not going to grow higher than it is profitable to use the most advanced hardware.  That's because people who live in areas where electricity is expensive will shut off their rigs before you do.
Unless the price of bitcoins goes down to zero, I don't see buying a small amount of the best hardware as a very risky investment, unless you live in a place where electricity is expensive (say, greater than 9 cents per kwh).  I pay 7.771 cents and have never had any issues making a profit even with GPUs.
@_date: 2013-05-15 19:48:15
But again, they are going after Mt. Gox because Gox lied on an application.
For all that people like to float conspiracy theories, the DHS does not have the authority to draw up court orders at will banning bitcoins.  Judges do not acquiesce to agencies or police officers lightly.  This is still a nation of laws, and Congress has to pass a law to outlaw bitcoins.
I don't think it's unreasonable to require companies to register as money servicing businesses.  There are reasons for these regulations.  The court order has, for the first time, legitimized bitcoins by defining them as money.  Enforcing existing laws will encourage, not discourage, knowledgeable exchange operators who know what they are doing because they know they have recourse in the legal system should something go wrong.
@_date: 2013-04-22 15:04:38
These people aren't "kids" who need to "grow up."  They are "criminals" who need to be "arrested."
It's ridiculous how so many people here are trying to forgive these people for being immature or young.  They are scum who steal money that was legally earned by honest people, and deserve to rot in jail.
@_date: 2013-05-23 20:13:39
A price increase is important at this point, because as the price goes up, people will care more about bitcoins and defend them against increasing regulation.
More importantly, bitcoins are vulnerable at this point because the price has not gone up, but other coins, like litecoins, have appreciated.  If litecoins become as valuable as bitcoins, both currencies will fail, as there is not a large enough market and enough VC money to support two.  The price of bitcoins needs to go up quickly in order to suppress these other copycat coins.
@_date: 2013-12-08 23:11:31
That would be great.  I've only gotten 131210 blocks after a long period of time, so any help would be appreciated.
@_date: 2013-07-08 03:39:18
I tried to buy bitcoins from Bitinstant almost two days ago and they came back with a "mtgox transfer error," even though I didn't want the coins to be transferred to MtGox.  An automated E-Mail said they were "investigating the problem," but they never called me, and two more messages I sent them went unanswered.
Did they decide to simply abscond with customers' money?  I had no problems with them in April, but all of a sudden their blog is down and there is no phone number listed on their site.  Their last twitter posts were the day before I made the transaction.
In the meantime, I lost a huge amount of money, because the price of bitcoins went up.  I understand that technical problems occur sometimes, but a legitimate corporation calls its customers and addresses their concerns.
I recommend staying away from Bitinstant.  Don't get yourself into this situation, where you might not see your funds again.  The only way I would recommend them is if they honor the original agreement on Saturday at $67.50 and call me personally to let me know what happened.
So far, all they've done is fraudulently advertised their turnaround time.
@_date: 2013-06-09 14:17:23
But there is a huge difference in graphics cards: unlike ASICs, they have other value.  That's why I will continue to mine until the difficulty rises above 64 million or the price falls below $85 at the current difficulty.
I considered buying lots of ASICs, but then I would be putting everything on the line for a currency that does not have the surrounding infrastructure at a level where it can be adopted.  If the price of bitcoins falls out, not only do my coins become worthless, but all the ASICs become worthless too.  However, graphics cards are used by more people for gaming than for mining bitcoins.  I used my huge 3x7970 rig to play games yesterday and today, and it can pay for itself on the side on Mondays through Fridays when it runs 24x7 mining bitcoins.
Not only that, but if I decide I want to stop playing games, I just sell my cards and they are worth hundreds of dollars to gamers, even if bitcoins go to zero.
I don't think your numbers are accurate, because you can't put a number on GPU investment and say "these GPUs are used to mine bitcoins."  GPUs are used for so many purposes that only some fraction of that number is correct.
@_date: 2013-08-15 15:35:59
The actual losses are probably in the hundreds of dollars per class member.  Even if they settle for, say, $70 per claimant, I don't see how they can avoid bankruptcy.
This is not a complicated case.  The evidence on the Internet alone is widely distributed and very obvious even before discovery proceeds.  Their company blog contains many gems that will be useful against them.  Remember, when it comes to this sort of bargaining, the end settlement is proportional to the strength of the case against them.  It's not an "all or nothing" deal like a trial is.
If we just take the outstanding tickets at the time of their closure, they would owe only a million dollars.  But since the plaintiffs allege that this behavior began well before those tickets were filed, and bitcoin transaction volume was far higher in April, the cost rises into many millions, before they even pay attorney fees and court costs.
BitInstant is done for.  Hopefully those Winkevoss twins will pick a better investment next time.
@_date: 2013-12-12 20:55:37
I'm all for donating to people, and I still upvoted this comment, but next time I think you should consider donating to Sean's Output or converting your bitcoins to cash and donating to another charity instead.
As one of the best players in the world, Scarlett is not poor.  She competed in a tournament last weekend where she came in second place, winning almost $10,000.  At the Red Bull Battlegrounds just two weeks earlier, she won $7,000.  She made the playoffs in another tournament and made off with a few grand.  And she's guaranteed at least 2 bitcoins and perhaps 10 next weekend.  This is all within one month.
0.1BTC can feed a lot of people.  While it's certainly nice to give, I think we all should consider spreading the wealth to those less fortunate than us.
@_date: 2013-05-14 03:37:12
Software might have bugs, but it's just so much simpler than these other methods.  Just increment a counter and write a zero to every sector, compared to acquiring the parts for and knowing how to construct a bomb.
The thermite isn't likely to melt the entire drive; it will probably melt a hole through it instead.
These steps are ridiculous anyway because they are more complicated, they don't do a good enough job, and they can't be confirmed.  When you overwrite a drive, you can easily confirm that the data has been permanently destroyed.  A drive with a hole burned through it is unable to easily be confirmed whether the data has been erased, and if an attacker is trying to get access to the drive, he will probably be willing to spend more than you are to confirm whether the data is erased or not.
The other benefit, of course, is that you can sell drives that have been overwritten instead of just wasting money.
@_date: 2013-05-30 14:19:41
That would be true if everyone is equally evil, but that certainly isn't the case.  Most murderers in jail are certainly more evil than most priests are, for example.
Regulators, while they have their faults, are probably less evil than most people.
@_date: 2013-07-04 13:54:30
Regulation, as I hope I've made clear in my previous posts.
Back then, there were many opportunities to get involved in bitcoins very easily.  Now, it is very difficult to buy and sell bitcoins, and the cost of compliance is extremely costly.
It was not easy to foresee that legal compliance would be so difficult.  Many people speculated about governments banning bitcoins, but that didn't happen.  Instead, there are a thousand needles killing it from government agencies.
@_date: 2013-06-25 03:37:11
The problem is that you have to live in a country.  These people aren't some hooligans down the street.  They are the people who control a significant portion of your lives, and you can't do anything about most of it.
If I were born thousands of years ago and could design a better system, I would have.  But we have what we have.  The world isn't going to end without bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:38:02
Agreed.  I think there was another suicide thread back then too.  How do people forget things that happened just 7 months ago?  Same thing, different news.
The only difference is that bitcoins are even more widely accepted now, and that there is even more money in the system, which makes them even less likely to fail than during the last crash.
Did anyone who bought bitcoins in the past few weeks expect that there there wouldn't be any more bubbles?
@_date: 2013-10-29 19:07:32
I also mine litecoins, but not because I have any sort of hope that litecoins will become the new currency.  I mine them because I can sell one litecoin for 0.01 bitcoins.  Every coin I mine goes right into bitcoins.
I'm sure that many litecoin miners do the same, and many use automated pools that pay out in bitcoins.  You can't use the hashrate of the litecoin network to estimate how popular litecoins are.
@_date: 2013-06-26 15:14:30
I've reduced my position for this reason.  People around here can be optimistic about the future of bitcoins all they want, but the fact is that bitcoins are starting to look like they're on their way out.
If one guy says "you can't have any bitcoins," then what is likely to happen is that he will be arrested, the bitcoins will be permanently out of circulation, and others will hear about the arrest on the news.  The price of bitcoins will continue to fall down to zero and the guy in jail will have nothing left anyway.
Even if the guy isn't jailed, few people are willing to take such a risk.  They will begin to unload in droves, making bitcoins worthless.
Therefore, I'm not sure what the point would be in making such a stand.  If someone has to do that, then the game is already over.
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:47:52
This does seem to share a lot in common with the government shutdown.  If nobody can agree on the right implementation, then the solution is likely to be to release a patch to make the maxblocksize=10MB and push the problem off down the road for people to deal with "in the future."  After all, something will have changed before all that time elapses, right?
Of course, the future always arrives sooner than everyone thinks, and problems rarely disappear on their own.  Congress, for five years, deals with this problem by just passing continuing resolutions for someone to deal with later on - but since nothing changes, they just take the same action next time.
@_date: 2013-12-17 18:39:12
This panic isn't directly influenced by the news.  It is part of the normal bubble cycle, and people are looking for reasons to sell at the moment.
During the April bubble, there were plenty of negative news articles about banks refusing transfers and the government having meetings to discuss what to do about bitcoins.  Those articles were ignored.  In July, likewise, the price fell to $67 even though news of venture capital investment came out, and that news got buried.
Now, we are in a bear cycle, so everyone piles on the negative news.  What happened to the posts about jewellery stores accepting bitcoins and people setting up wallets for friends and family?  The news people like to focus on is influenced by the cycles, not the other way around. 
@_date: 2013-05-03 13:22:01
You cannot "seize funds from bitcoin accounts" using a 51% attack.  The common conception seems to be that a 51% attack would result in unchecked power, but the options of a 51% attacker are limited.  The implications of such an attack are serious, but are overblown in this and other forums.
He cannot change the blockchain to rewrite balances, because the existing blockchain is set in stone, and he can't spend coins from wallets, because you still need the wallet's private key to do that.  He cannot change the protocol; a 95% attack would be required to do that, and even then there are only certain attributes of the protocol that can be changed with a 95% attack.
The most the attacker could do is to prevent the spending of coins from certain wallets, and only while the attack was ongoing.  Once people learned of the attack and turned on their ASICs, the network would simply return to normal.
I don't buy that the 51% attack is a crippling blow to bitcoins.  Bitcoins are big enough even today that if a 51% attack occurred, it would be widely condemned and users would quickly take action to regain a majority.  Since no coins can be lost during a 51% attack, the only lasting effects would be the unavailability of the network to a few targeted people until the attack was over.
@_date: 2013-06-25 19:00:21
This is not going to happen.  There's no evidence to suggest that Germany is going to be any different than the United States in its stance towards bitcoins.  If people start moving money from banks to bitcoins to avoid seizure, they will be sued, jailed, or otherwise prevented from doing so.
Bitcoins are rapidly approaching a decision point, or perhaps even a hard fork with two philosophies.  On the one hand, the developers can add identity information and acquiesce to regulation, and on the other hand, people could choose to focus all effort on adding anonymity, distributed exchanges, mixing, and other ways of keeping bitcoins under the radar.
The latter option might make bitcoins less widely adopted, but given that regulators are less and less likely to accept any concessions whatsoever, that may be the direction bitcoins need to take to serve as a store of value in crises like these.
@_date: 2013-04-25 12:36:54
But the biggest advantage that bitcoins have over litecoins is that developers have already spent time implementing stuff that accepts bitcoins.  If I owned a payment system, I want to focus on bitcoins, not having to go back to the drawing board with this new currency that Mt Gox is pushing.
Developer time is by far the most precious resource we have.  Wasting it to implement litecoin technology destroys bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:27:54
I agree that is the point, and I wish buttercoin luck.  I've never said I want buttercoin to fail; just that I have no hope of them actually succeeding.  They should be devoting their time to other problems that Gox is not involved in and where they can make a difference immediately, like wallet security for the average Joe and combating viruses and botnets that mine bitcoins.  The incompetence of people when it comes to wallet security is just as much a source of bad press as is Mt Gox's instability. 
I created a website that surged in popularity from 20 to 500 hits in one day, and it was taking people 30 seconds just to bring up the homepage because database queries that were fine at 20 hits no longer were acceptable at 500 hits.  Gox had trading volume triple overnight.  There is no engineer on the face of the planet that can keep up with that pace of change.  As I said in a previous post, there is no evidence to suggest that Gox's engineers are any dumber than people on Reddit.
I also want to point out that at the same time people here are just starting to create a high speed exchange, Gox has likely been doing it for months but just hasn't released yet.
@_date: 2013-04-20 01:08:36
First, I never said that you need to own two homes - you said that.  I said that you should place the cards in two different houses, one of which may not be owned by you.  If you don't have anywhere else, you can place one of the cards wherever you work, or in a safety deposit box.
Second, I never said that your home has to be disconnected from the Internet - you said that.  I said to take the cards out of the computer when they are not in use.
Third, I did not suggest that you should buy fingerprint scanners - you said that.  I suggested that you should buy two SD cards, which cost less than a dollar for an obsolete card that has enough space to hold a wallet.
Fourth, I never said to place both cards offsite - you said that.  I said to place the cards in two separate locations, so that you have access to one of them and so that the other is a backup.
Finally, I did not suggest that you buy another computer - you said that.  I said that you should buy SD cards, not a computer, and delete the wallet from your hard drive, where it is more vulnerable to viruses.
I don't appreciate people who read more into my words than what I said, or who assume bad faith in others' posts.  
This is not a perfect security method, but it would reduce the risk of theft significantly at the cost of no more than a few dollars and five minutes.  Making a backup of important data (like family photos), and knowing that hackers cannot steal something that is offline except when it is needed are things that anyone can understand.
@_date: 2013-05-17 13:58:10
There are very few people in the world who understand what you just said:  everything in life can be reduced to money.  Economics controls everything.  The key word you used is "possibilities."
I hate high-school guidance counselors who say that the only important thing is "following one's dreams."  I had counselors tell me that, and I ignored them, and am glad I did.  Whenever anyone tells me (s)he is unsure about what career to choose, my advice is the same:  if you are absolutely certain you want to do something, then choose that career.  If there is any doubt, then choose the career within your skillset that will make you the most money possible.
If you choose a low-paying career, you are locked in for life, so you better be absolutely sure it's what you want to do.  If you choose a high-paying career, you can always switch to the low paying career after putting in some time.  When you have no money, you have no possibilities.
And to go further, if you choose the career that pays half as much, you better like it at least three times more than the high-paying career (because of interest).  Regardless of what career you choose, you still have to get up on Monday mornings, deal with other people telling you what to do, and be pressured to produce.  There are people who say they want to move to Hollywood and be actors, but most actors are extras who put in long hours and have to follow the director's orders just as much as an accountant does.  Is being an actor worth having to work 15 extra years until you can retire, even if it is your dream job?
It is foolish to think that money can be separated from happiness, especially when it comes to work.  Most people don't consider the possibility that working for 10 years at a job you hate is better than working for 20 years at a job you love.
@_date: 2013-07-03 12:47:29
Why was this post downvoted?  This is a relevant and well-written response.  Not agreeing with the author is not a valid reason to downvote a post, as the Reddit rules clearly state.
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:54:20
I thought a Roomba was silly, until I actually bought one.  Then I realized that it does a better job than a human can.
Those things are amazing.  You just clear the floor of obstacles, which you would have to do anyway, and then press "clean" and return in 45 minutes.  The robot not only cleans the room over and over until it is spotless, but it sweeps along the walls and around the legs of tables and furniture, places where you would have to get down on your hands and knees to get.
A cleaning service wanted $135 to clean my house one time (and they don't get down on their hands and knees).  The Roomba cost $299.95 and by just doing this once in every room, I can save all that money every time.  I do this every 9/80 off-Friday, so every two weeks I spend one day doing my normal life and just stop every hour or so to empty the dust bin, move items out of the next room, and recharge the Roomba.
And it's durable, too.  It's been 40 weeks since I bought it (therefore, 20 off-Fridays), and it hasn't broken down or had even a single problem.
@_date: 2013-07-24 20:24:59
I went from a ponzi scheme to rape because they are both crimes, where a privileged criminal takes advantage of someone who is vulnerable.
There is no difference between the two in terms of morality, and perhaps we will just have to disagree.  In both cases, there is someone who is right, and there is someone who is wrong.
@_date: 2013-07-28 19:49:38
I had a dispute with Lunarpages webhosting a month ago, where they crippled my website because I was using too many resources for their "unlimited" service.
I called DISCOVER and filed a complaint.  Someone answered the phone within 30 seconds of my dialing.  They listened to what I had to say and explained what the procedure was.  Not only that, but there was no time-sensitivity in that transaction; it had happened 11 months before.
BitInstant took four days before they even responded, for a transaction where far more money was at stake than the $150 in the Lunarpages dispute.  And it wasn't my money; it was another family member's, and my reputation was on the line because I had read in the New York Times that BitInstant was reputable.  How was I supposed to tell someone that they lost $300 because BitInstant didn't process the transaction until the price rose $30 higher?
There is a type of eBay scam where a company puts up legitimate auctions to get lots of positive feedback, then lists a lot of items at once and disappears.  By the time anyone realizes they didn't receive their items, all the items have been paid and the seller is long gone.  
For days, many redditors and I believed that we were victims of this scam.  BitInstant's twitter feed went dark for two days, they stopped responding to messages, their blog was taken offline for some terms of service violation, and there was no contact information.  It had all the hallmarks of a scam.
@_date: 2013-07-15 13:37:55
I don't agree with all your points.
First, I continue to mine with 3xRadeon 7970 and turn a good profit.  The difficulty would have to rise above 72 million at $100 before I would stop.  Those who say that GPU mining is currently a money-loser are mistaken.
However, you need to be aware of a few things:  first, the future of GPU mining is in question, because the difficulty could shoot up any day now.  However, I had previously predicted having to stop mining in June, so delays in ASIC manufacturing must be contributing to the lack of difficulty increase.
Second, the people saying that mining is unprofitable may be mining under different circumstances.  For example, they may have expensive electricity (I pay 5.3578 cents/kwh) and they may live in a region where 90 degree days happen more often than six times a year on average.
Third, when September arrives, mining becomes essentially free.  I have an electric heater in my basement, which simply burns 1.5kw to generate heat.  I might as well put obsolete video cards in my media server down there and turn off the heater.  Even if the difficulty is way too high, ANY coins generated are simply reducing the cost of heating.  Mining doesn't have to break even in this situation; it's better than running an electric heater.  Even if you only save 25% off your electric bill (and the difficulty would have to reach 300 million for that to happen), you're ahead of the game.
Finally, you can't just look at the exchange rate and calculate whether mining is profitable based off of that.  It is extremely difficult to buy bitcoins.  I've tried getting bank accounts confirmed at several exchanges, and there is always a transfer error.  Even if I could get them to accept the routing number, there are 30-day waiting periods.  There are daily limits on how much you can buy.  And the best source of bitcoins, BitInstant, almost scammed me while I wanted six days for them to process a transaction due to a "MtGox transfer error."  BitInstant shut down recently, which serves them right.
The bottom line is that mining is the easiest way to obtain bitcoins.  And the difficulty is irrelevant.  When September arrives, mining allows you to heat your house at a cost significantly less than just buying an electric heater.
I don't think it will be long before we see "smart heaters," which mine bitcoins to reduce the cost of their operation.  Heck, if there were universal health insurance, this is a company I would start up.
@_date: 2013-10-04 15:31:02
You need to remove bitinstant from the site.  Bitinstant was delaying customers' orders so long that they were sued for it.  Given the high amount of the lawsuit, it is unlikely they will survive.
Plus, why associate yourself with such a dishonest site anyway?
@_date: 2013-05-12 13:21:18
I just wanted to point out here that "destroying" a hard drive means something very specific when it comes to data security, such as when you are trying to get rid of a bitcoin key stored on a hard drive.
You can't "destroy" a hard drive by throwing it away, immersing it in water, burning it in a fire, dropping it from a window, or hitting it with a hammer.  Hard drives can withstand 350G under normal operating conditions, and more when the heads are parked.  9G will kill a human, by comparison.  When the force limit is exceeded and the drive stops operating normally, the exterior of the drive can be discarded, the platters transferred to a working drive, and the data copied.
The hard drives in the Space Shuttle Columbia were recovered by Kroll Ontrack after falling 12 miles.  100% recoveries are common even after drives are left underwater for four days.  I recovered 12TB of data with not a single byte lost after a spindle failure, for just $600.
The ONLY way to permanently destroy data on a hard drive is to overwrite it.  That means you right-click on the drive in "my computer," click "format," uncheck "quick format," and wait an hour or two for the operation to finish.  Once this is done, the data will never be able to be recovered.  Do not smash up a hard drive thinking that the data will be destroyed, because it will not.
@_date: 2013-07-01 12:04:16
Several reasons:
1.  As the price goes up, the dividend percentage falls below 1%, resulting in a longer time to recoup the investment.
2.  The current dividend is unsustainable because other mining equipment hasn't come onto the market yet.
3.  Most importantly, the price of bitcoins is crashing.  In real dollar terms, the value of an ASICMINER share may be remaining steady as the bitcoin crashes, so you're still losing money as the value of the bitcoins backing your dividends is worth less and less.
@_date: 2013-07-01 03:47:13
Agreed.  Sell NOW.  This sounds like bitcoins right before they started to crash.  By Wednesday, these are going to go downhill.
In this case, it's worse because bitcoins had fundamentals behind them at the time - there were more businesses taking bitcoins every day, and the number of transactions was increasing exponentially.  But ASICMINER shares aren't going to change the world.  They're just a stock.
To see how ridiculous this is, look at the value of bitcoins. The entire bitcoin economy has now been reduced to what - $950 million or so at $88?  That means that ASICMINER is worth one-fifth of the bitcoin economy.  It's ludicrous.
If there were some easy way to short these shares, I would put in quite a bit of money.
@_date: 2013-05-16 23:18:36
I have a master's degree in computer science and engineering, and have worked in the industry for seven years.  I haven't done anything special, just gotten experience and worked hard.
The resume was posted to all of the major sites, like monster and careerbuilder and linkedIn.
I'm not willing to share the name of the company where I work for, but the main reason I declined these offers is because they are all in major metropolitan areas.  My guess is that people have realized that the one-hour commute through heavy traffic to live in a small house in a high cost-of-living area isn't worth it.
@_date: 2013-05-15 19:42:44
Agreed.  Yesterday, it looked like the bitcoin network was under attack.  But today, all this is revealed to be someone who didn't fill out some paperwork.
If you notice, the questions were asked in 2011, when bitcoins were worth much less than they are now.  At the time, one could argue that bitcoins were not "money service."  Perhaps that will be used in his defense.  Perhaps the law will allow them to simply file the correct paperwork and resume business.  If not, then someone else will do so and a new exchange will be born.
Whatever the case, there is no evidence that a single business to this point has been targeted for any reason other than failing to file paperwork.  The UK is worried about taxes, not shutting down bitcoins, and the Canadian banks incident is likely the same as this one.
The biggest problem with bitcoins now is not a government crackdown, but instead it is idiot entrepreneurs who do not develop secure systems and who do not hire lawyers to make sure all the paperwork is in order.  If only some people who were good at what they do would come into bitcoins and start a reputable company.
@_date: 2013-11-16 22:54:52
Litecoins aren't fast enough either.  There isn't much difference between 2.5 and 10 minutes.  If litecoins were able to confirm in 1 second, then they would be a reasonable alternative.
@_date: 2013-10-21 23:20:05
Unfortunately, there is another possibility:  the price goes up, transaction fees go up, and everyone does nothing.
I think that's more likely, because everyone will say "look, all that talk about the block size was ridiculous because the price is high and there aren't any problems!"
@_date: 2013-11-17 21:35:50
This is going to cause the next crash.  Finally people are starting to notice how much transactions cost.
There probably is some time to go, but once these transaction fees reach a dollar or so, either due to price increases or blocks running up against the 1MB limit, people will find out that bitcoins are not all they are cracked up to be (whether right or wrong).
As I stated before, adoption is exponential, so by the time we are a quarter way towards the problem becoming critical, 90% of the available time to fix it has already elapsed.  Since it is now impossible for the developers to agree upon a solution for the 1MB transaction limit in time, an emergency patch should be released to lower the default transaction fee immediately.
@_date: 2013-12-20 17:04:37
I don't agree with this one.
The exact things you have to spend money on will differ according to the woman, of course.  The idea that you lose the freedom to spend your money as you see fit, however, is true with all wives.
When you get married, all finances legally become joint property.  There is no "my money" anymore.
And keep in mind that there is always the risk of divorce, another reason I choose not to get married.  Aside from major illness, divorce is the absolute worst thing that can happen to a person.  It has ruined every person I know who got divorced.  Thinking about it from the perspective of game theory, a wife can force certain spending habits based on the threat of divorce.  She might not say that, and you might not even worry about that, but that possibility alone causes a loss of control.
@_date: 2013-06-24 12:56:49
There are just so many of these that I'm about ready to sell out.
At some point, you just have to throw in the towel and recognize when you've lost.  Bitcoins may be a revolutionary idea, but it will never be possible to buy and sell them.  Mt. Gox probably killed bitcoins already with their constant trading failures.
Bitcoins were a good idea that were destroyed by poor execution.  3d printing is a technology with just as much disruptive potential, but which doesn't have as many laws regulating it, and might be a better investment as a game-changer at this point.
@_date: 2013-12-08 18:41:20
Ah, thanks.
As soon as this node has downloaded the blockchain, I'll post its ip address here.  Then people should be able bootstrap a new full node at 1Gbps.
@_date: 2013-04-25 12:33:31
I was dreading the day this would happen.  I fully agree with this poster, enough that I will probably be selling out before Mt Gox puts out this new version.  There is at least a 10% chance that bitcoins will fail solely because of this decision by Mt Gox.
I still have hope that some other major company, like PayPal, can beat Mt Gox by offering bitcoin as a payment method.  But if they do not, then the price of bitcoins is going down, all for another currency which nobody cares about.  Litecoins do not have any advantages over bitcoins, because bitcoin has an upgradable network that can resolve future problems that might come up.
This is a shame because it is in Mt Gox's best interest to keep bitcoins as the only currency.  They would earn more money if the price of bitcoins goes up and people buy larger amounts.
@_date: 2013-06-07 22:54:13
Hey, I didn't engage in personal attacks on you.  Even if the comment was the most ridiculous comment on the site, you could have exercised some tact.
If you disagree with my comment, then reply and say why and we can have a discussion.  Don't post rude comments like "my name is Earth" and expect me or others to respect you.
@_date: 2013-07-23 19:14:21
This is wrong.  Your post blames the victims while not drawing enough attention to people like pirate40 for the scum they are.
If these people had invested in a legitimate stock, and the company's business model was flawed, then they should lose everything they invested.  People knew what they were getting into, the worst happened, and they should suffer the consequences.
This scam intentionally deceived people.  They did not know what they were getting into, and he stole their money.  While your advice is good and reflects the current state of the world, the "right" thing is not to require people to accept losses from scammers because they were "too dumb" to know otherwise.  In this case, pireat40 was wrong, and he deserves to rot in prison and go bankrupt - not the innocent people who were tricked by an unethical thief.
Right and wrong are not ideas that are subject to opinion or that shift back and forth when there are more thieves.  Instead, they are universal concepts:  the "right" thing to do is the one where there is a net gain for the most people (not including yourself), and the "wrong" thing is where there is a net loss for the most people (not including yourself).  To prove this, consider if God decreed tomorrow morning that killing people without cause was now supposedly "right."  Would God's declaration suddenly make it moral to kill people?
Let's keep the focus on who was actually wrong here, and stop blaming people who never had bad intentions for the wrongdoings of others.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:26:48
Bitcoin is an incredibly good investment, even at $250 - unless you are looking to sell tomorrow like all the panic sellers did.
Unlike shorting stocks, if you invest money in bitcoin, the most you lose is everything.  The most you can gain is hundreds of thousands of dollars.  When I made a decision to get in, I looked at the state of the market and did not see Mt. Gox as being a problem.  Instead, the fact that Gox is so unstable is a sign that we are in early enough to see a huge return.  If Gox were stable and everyone were accepting bitcoins and there were no hackers and bitcoins were the front page story on CNN, then it would be too late to get in.  We are at the beginnings of a bubble, not the end of it.
It is difficult to say what the risk is in bitcoins.  However, the potential gain is far higher than almost any other investment on the face of the planet.  That's why bitcoins are a better investment than penny stocks.  If you have a 1 in 100 chance of turning $1000 into $1m, then the expected value of bitcoins is an incredible deal.  There is no other investment with a higher expected value right now.
So that means that there are two reasons you would not want to invest in bitcoins:  you want to be guaranteed a small return, or you cannot afford to lose the money at any cost because you need it to live.  You do stand a better chance than not of losing what you invest - but statistically, bitcoins are a sound choice.
@_date: 2013-10-21 13:33:49
That's what I was talking about with the Middlecoin pool.
If someone is going to buy up hundreds of these GPUs and spend their weekdays at home maintaining them, then perhaps they have time to manually switch between coins as one gets more profitable than the other.
For the rest of us, who (for the next three months at least) cannot obtain health insurance without holding a full time job, the Middlecoin pool provides a solution.  I don't really care if the owner takes his 3%, because it's still wildly profitable and costs me almost nothing to leave the GPUs running during the weekdays.
@_date: 2013-07-08 03:46:39
I'm extremely worried about whether they simply absconded with the funds.  They haven't posted to twitter since Friday, their support is not responding to messages, and their blog account was terminated.
Avoid them at all costs.  They cost me hundreds of dollars in lost income from the price appreciation, not to mention that we may simply have lost the money altogether.  In my message, I told them the only acceptable response was to either honor the original purchase at $67.50 or for them to refund the cost of the wire fees at their expense.
A legitimate company would stop all wire transfers, or call customers and keep them updated, not take its blog down and ignore E-Mails.  It is fraud to advertise quick turnaround times and then disappear for 40 hours without any notice or updates.
@_date: 2013-04-14 15:26:49
But I don't get why people are saying that this "bubble" exploded, because there was nothing in the fundamentals that actually changed.
The only thing that happened was that Mt Gox went down.  Everyone invested in bitcoins should know two things:  Mt Gox is under tremendous pressure with so many people coming into the market, and that when Gox goes down, the price crashes and then later recovers.  It happened last week, and a few weeks before that, and so on.
Bitcoins are so illiquid that you can't get money into or out of them fast enough to keep up with these flash rises and crashes.  If I wanted to buy coins tomorrow, I would have to place an order in the morning when I had Internet access, wait nine hours until I get out of work, go to Wal-Mart, wait more time for the money transfer to go through, and then find out that the price went up $200 in the meantime.  So who cares with the current price is?
Nobody here has provided a compelling reason as to why this time is any different.  On the contrary, the high price of bitcoins caused people to make long-term investments into startups, mining equipment, new exchanges, and so on.  What evidence is there that in the course of three days bitcoins have gone from a promising future to a failed technology?
Every "bubble" caused by Gox's crashes ends up finishing at a higher price than the one before.  Bitcoins were worth $15 in January, and $100 now, and people are saying that they are a bad investment?  Has there been any other billion-dollar stock this year that has gone up seven times in value?  Given that they were worth $2 a few years ago, why is there no potential for them to be worth $1000 next year?
I just don't get that people call this a "crash."
@_date: 2013-11-07 15:57:37
I also have my orders ready for the crash.  I'm hoping that it gets down to $150, when I'm going to buy up 20 or more coins.
The problem I see is that there isn't anything right now that could cause a panic.  Things get more unstable as the price goes up more and more, so perhaps another BS news article like the "25% attack" could do it in a few days.
@_date: 2013-04-18 14:51:28
A decentralized or better centralized exchange is a great idea, but I truly hope that people aren't going to spend lots of effort on buttercoin, which is doomed to failure.  Buttercoin is a terrible approach to this issue.
The people who are working on buttercoin don't understand the nature of the problem.  You can't create an exchange through a collaborative effort because someone ultimately needs to shell out the hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees to find lawyers to get the bank side of the exchange on the right side of the law.  Whoever spends that money is going to expect a return on his or her investment.
This is not Linux, where someone puts in a change to make the kernel faster and others use it.  This is finance, where with Sarbanes-Oxley you can't even let developers have access to production systems to fix bugs.  In Linux, if your kernel fix causes the system to malfunction, you revert it and make a new build.  In finance, if your code causes the system to malfunction, you spend five years in court defending against 100 lawsuits, losing your life savings, for a change that someone else made.  Do these people have any idea whatsoever of the liability involved here?
Mt Gox's problems are largely related to legal issues with the entities it works with and the unreliability of the conections to those computer networks.  Even if buttercoin comes up with a "better" trading platform (if one can even define what that means), there is nothing to suggest that buttercoin has some magical solution to integrating all these systems together.  More importantly, they cannot launch it without hundreds of thousands or a million dollars of funding.  The project is going to fail because they are overly concerned with the programming and have talked little about customer service, lawyers, licensing, and banking.
The approach that should be taken is that someone needs to secure funding through a venture capitalist or angel investor, and then that person needs to hire the right mix of people in a variety of knowledge domains.
You don't just jump into the project and say "let's start coding."  Coding is the *last* thing that should be started.  The questions that need to come first are "how do we comply with the law," "how do we market the service," "how do we get banks to take us seriously," "what GUI design will users find attractive," "what features are users actually looking for in an exchange," "how do we secure the system against fraud by hackers and rogue employees," and so on.  The coding comes last, after months of effort getting the requirements right - and the developers are only a portion of the total effort.
@_date: 2013-12-19 22:44:06
These are now worth $.0012?  When did that happen?
While that might not look like much, there are many more times the number of dogecoins than there are bitcoins, which means that there is a non-trivial amount of money in dodecoins.
@_date: 2013-11-01 15:53:25
Yes, it will, because it will be a sign that "normal people" don't want to use bitcoins.
If my prediction for this ATM mattered, I would say that it will receive a lot of interest for a few weeks, but then it will eventually be taken out of the store because nobody is using it.  There won't be enough places for people to spend bitcoins in person.  The adoption is occurring online, so people will purchase them online, as they do now.
@_date: 2013-04-20 22:26:04
They can do that, but not without months of testing and foresight.  It's easy to complain about Gox's incompetence if your website's traffic didn't triple overnight.
Over the past five years, computer hardware has become fast enough that weak software is now the fundamental problem.  People know how to solve a hardware problem - by putting more machines in service.  Software is far more difficult because one has to choose which of those features to use.
That's why you see Java and .NET surpassing C++ as the predominant languages.  If software wasn't harder than hardware, then people would write in C++ or even assembly.
@_date: 2013-05-03 15:38:05
That's right, but you couldn't confiscate coins from existing wallets.  At best, the attacker would be able to scam people who sell things during the attack with his own money.
But even that is questionable, because once word became known that the attack was underway, people would stop accepting transactions knowing that they could be double-spent.  Then, after the attack ends, they can resume trusting the network.
The real danger would be if people don't realize the attack is going on, but given the nature of the Internet and how people are generally protective of their money, the most likely outcome is that business would simply grind to a halt, there would be a movement to take back the network, and then things would resume as normal.
@_date: 2013-10-30 18:55:24
I'm going to make a counterargument: these are all stories of services being rolled out.
Anyone can make a press release, and quite a few people can put an ATM in a building.  The problem is that nobody may use the ATM.  The much-touted new European exchange, for example, already crashed due to technical issues.
If we find out two months from now that the bitcoin ATMs sit unused, then there will be a crash, not a bubble.  I'm not going to invest until I hear whether the exchanges are succeeding, whether companies that now accept bitcoins actually have people pay them, and whether the ATM actually gets any withdrawals.
Negative news from any one of these fronts will spell trouble for bitcoin, and all of the events in this post are still promises that have yet to be tested by consumers.
@_date: 2013-11-03 16:21:26
I've pointed this out before.  There are a lot of people around here who see bitcoins as a way to shrug off government interference.
Now that the US government owns over 3% of all bitcoins, and has the wallet but not the key for far more, if bitcoins keep growing the wealth is not going to be concentrated in "normal people."
The government stands to gain the most from the appreciation of bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-07-05 13:34:08
Someone once told me a completely true statement:  the sole reason to go into business is to make money.  If the purpose of your company is not to make as much money as possible (while still treating workers ethically), the you shouldn't be founding it.  There are other ways to accomplish non-monetary goals, like founding a non-profit organization or making money through some other means and then spending it on your cause.
This post makes it sound as if you haven't started work yet and are very young.  If not, then I apologize for the wrong assumption and hope that those who have not yet started working may still benefit.
In high schools and college, guidance counselors tell students that the  goal for career planning is to find a "career you love."  That sounds like great news, except that there's a reason they call it work.  You still have to get up in the morning and be at the job site at a certain time, and you still have to do the same thing every day.  The economy works by getting people really good at what they do, and the only way to do that is to do almost the same thing every day.  People who switch jobs constantly make less money for this reason of specialization.
Unfortunately, doing the same thing gets boring, no matter what it is.  Even if you find your "dream job" (if that exists), everything becomes just a job after a while.
But nobody seems to realize that money equals time.  The choice of career is always presented as either "do what you like and not have enough money for expensive cars" or "do what you dislike and have lots of cars and houses."  Few people ever seem to realize the third option: "do what you dislike and stop working 15 years earlier without the cars and houses."
That's how I came to the conclusion that it's not worth it to start a business.  People need to stop operating under the assumption that every dime you earn needs to be spent. Ask yourself whether that expensive sports car is really worth working 4 months longer before retirement.  That's a LOT of traveling, video games, or golf that you're giving up for what I, at least, see as a stupid thing that provides very little happiness.
Why take all the risks of starting a business?  There is so much abundance in today's world that almost anyone with any job makes enough to live better than the richest person in the world did 50 years ago.  A job at Wal-Mart allows you to buy a device that can start a live conversation with almost any person in the entire world in two seconds.  Food is so cheap that a 49-cent can of beans has more health value than a hard day's labor could earn in 1850.
To me, it is just pointless to waste one's life slaving away at work when you can live so well on a modest income.
@_date: 2013-10-17 13:02:17
While the other points are fairly obvious, I think that  is the issue that should attract the most attention here.
In 2000, it was easy to start something online, and I did have several succesful ventures then.  But now, the Internet has filled up with junk.  YouTube, for example, seems to be unable to find a top producer who can hold a camera steady.
The fact that there is so much junk anymore means that nobody cares about whether things are good, only that they are some small step above "bad."  I've put far more work into projects I did in 2010 than those I did in 2000, but stopped working on projects because it is just not possible to start something up on the Internet anymore without a lot of money.
How good a product is has nothing to do with whether it will be successful or not.  You need to have at least $10,000 if you are going to try to program it yourself, or at least $100,000 if you are going to pay someone else to program it.  An exchange doesn't take two or three months at $10/hr to program - and even if it is programmed, the programming is not the most difficult part.
The most difficult part is simply trying to figure out what people will use.  "They will use something good" is not the correct answer to that question.
@_date: 2013-06-06 23:13:32
That might be true, but people like me simply don't log in when that happens.  If I decide to check facebook where I'm not allowed to have my cell phone (like at work) then they lose advertising revenue.  My facebook account has been locked for about a month because it's such a bother to deal with their requirements.
Like Mt. Gox, they should allow people to select the level of authentication they prefer.
@_date: 2013-06-12 14:06:17
I understand that some people are always suspicious, but seriously, we need to be careful around here of always assuming that people are involved in some sort of scam.
When there is a choice between a scam and incompetence, incompetence is the cause almost all of the time.
You don't have any evidence whatsoever to back up your assertion.  Posting stuff like this can get you sued for libel if they cared enough about it.  We should keep the speculation to the facts.
@_date: 2013-04-19 18:27:06
I think that all that needs to be said in this thread has been said, but I just want to point out that the root cause of these wild swings has been virus-driven botnets that perform DOS attacks against bitcoin-related websites.
A subreddit needs to be formed to combat these botnets, because the new trading platform is not going to do any better once the criminals turn their attention on them.
@_date: 2013-10-11 02:06:14
People deserve to be held accountable for their actions, period.
If you can't stand your behavior being linked to your name, then you shouldn't be behaving in that manner.  My name is available for all to see ( to prove it).
It is never right for people to do illegal things in an attempt to serve justice.  That said, that profile page, with my name and address, has been visited by 20,000 people, many of who disagree with my stance on issues.  Nobody has even bothered to mail me a letter, let alone firebomb my car or something.  They can and do post negative things about me, which they have a right to do.
Just as making speed limits higher does not cause drivers to drive at unsafe speeds, 99.99% of people don't fly across the world to settle a petty grudge unless you've done something really, really bad.  If you find yourself paranoid about retribution, in most cases you should question what you've done that warrants your concern.
@_date: 2013-10-28 21:36:28
They said they were going to sell them, so I'm watching that address.  There will be a major correction if coins start moving out of that address, and people would be advised to sell if that happens.
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:38:37
I think the key here is that business is business, and friendship is friendship (or family).  The two are different areas of life and never mix.
If you enter into a business relationship, like a loan, with family or friends, then you get a contract.  If they refuse to repay a loan, then you attempt to collect on it.  If they perform poor work, then you refuse to pay them.  If you are not willing to treat family exactly like you would a stranger, then you can't enter into a business relationship with them.
This is necessary because if you don't hold family and friends to the same standards, they start to take advantage of you.  Strangely, people have more respect for people who demand a high standard of behavior from others, which is counterintuitive.
Furthermore, in terms of morality, dishonest family doesn't have any greater right to respect than does an honest person on the street.  Everyone puts their pants on the same way, and nobody is better than anyone else until they prove otherwise by their behavior.
@_date: 2013-12-12 21:03:18
I'm not sure that was one of the best games in history.  She did win in an incredibly tricky manner, but she made a huge number of mistakes earlier and she was lucky they didn't cost her the game.
As Day[9] pointed out during the streaming, she never built a hive or advanced her tech past about 15 minutes in that game.  Building a hive would have cost just two mutalisks and she could have had brood lords long before all her bases were destroyed.  With Bomber having only marines, the brood lords could have camped out in the back of her bases and he would have suffered heavy losses.
Had she made this switch, she would have won much sooner.
@_date: 2013-10-05 03:40:38
Why not?  This is exactly the amount that the owner of the "1500 days" blog is aiming for so that he can finish work at 43.
Throughout history, people have always predicted that there will come a day when society is so plentiful that people won't have to work anymore.  Then they moan when it never appears to happen.  But it already has - I can live a better life than anyone who was alive in 1950 by working about ten hours a week.
For some reason, people don't take advantage of this free time.  Even though the 1950s car could drive them across town just as well as a brand new car can, they want the flatscreen navigation display with hundreds of horsepower and the automatic rear kickgate.  Instead of being content with what was once considered an extravagant lifestyle, the bar moves upward and that 1950s lifestyle is now considered as poverty.
To make things even worse, $5 now can buy you far more than the same $5 could buy you a decade ago.  Look at the type of cell phone you can buy for the same amount of money.  Consider the billion-dollar lunar landers and compare them to an original iPhone model that you can barely give away on eBay nowadays.
The poorest person today is richer than the richest billionaires in 1900.  This race to own more and more stuff for more and more work is ridiculous.
@_date: 2013-10-20 17:34:40
What you say is true, but cards are warranted for one or two years.  The key is to sell them right before the warranty expires.
eBay buyers rarely price in how long the warranty has until expiration.
I do this with hard drives all the time, because they fail so often.  I buy new drives, and then when they get within six months of warranty expiration, I sell them and buy larger ones.  This allows me to never have to worry about a drive failing and my losing a lot of money, because all I have to do is rebuild the array and send the drive in for warranty repairs.
@_date: 2013-07-19 13:03:03
Beer vendors are well known to be community liabilities.  That's why there are only certain numbers of liquor licenses that are sold for a lot of money, and you need one of those licenses to sell beer at a restaurant.  It's also why there are "Wines and Spirits" shops instead of such wines being sold in supermarkets.
I think few people recognize how far alcohol has permeated society.  In the younger age groups, almost a quarter of all people binge drink - that is, overdose on alcohol so badly that they lose contact with reality and end up sick for a day or days.  Someone who is 25 or 30 either drinks or does not - and those who do not drink have 90% fewer friends than those who do.  Some people like to make it sound as if people can go out to bars and have a good time without drinking, just to meet others, but it's not fun to be around aggressive, flighty people who won't hold a 30-second conversation.
And when these same people do things without drinking, they often are overly shy, reserved, and not fun.  Going to a social event with a person who drinks a lot when they are not drinking is agony, because you have to do all the talking.
A large reason for the decline in civility and general lack of basic social skills today is that people never develop them.  They hang out with people who are drunk and who don't exhibit these skills in the first place.
Unfortunately, it has been proven that there is no way to effectively ban alcohol.  That said, it is difficult to argue that alcohol (chickens) is less dangerous to society than cocaine (lions).  Why?  Because even if both were legal, few people would use cocaine and most people would continue to drink alcohol.
A single chicken is not very dangerous, nor is a single person drinking.  When excessive chickens force everyone on the planet to build fences to keep chickens from pecking their eyes out, that changes society, just as excessive drinking has forced people who do not drink to consider doing so just to fit in.  It is the secondary effects of these things that are the real problems, not the actual direct consequences of one drink or one chicken.
@_date: 2013-07-28 14:01:19
Alas, there was a time when I also thought BitInstant was a scam.  I purchased 6.36 bitcoins from them at the very bottom of $67.50.  Then bitcoins skyrocketed to $90 a few days later and they never replied.  Their site said there was a "MtGox transfer error."
Consider if you were in the poster's or my shoes.  You see such an error and nothing happens for 12 hours.  Then there is an automated reply generated that says they're "looking into it."  You wait a day and nothing comes of it, so you submit a support ticket and get an automated reply.  The support ticket gets no reply the following day, so you look on their website and are surprised to find no phone number or contact information.  You post to reddit and send messages to the Genesis Block, hoping to get your story published.
The biggest problem with BitInstant was that they didn't have any customer service whatsoever.  You can't run a business with huge amounts of money at stake, take four days to get back to people, and then not even post a phone number.  While I never wish failure upon anyone, BitInstant failed because they could not provide the basic customer support that is necessary for any corporation, from a fast food chain to a high-tech company.
@_date: 2013-06-18 21:08:03
That's the point.  I'm not sure what the question is here.
Are you saying that's not enough to live on, especially when you add a drawdown of the principal over time?
@_date: 2013-07-24 15:41:38
No, you do not.
Some people have argued here that the victims share some blame, which I disagree with but can consider a valid argument.  However, the idea that both the victim and the scammer are equally to blame is an outright dangerous idea.
Look at the consequences of this belief.  Imagine that someone who simply walks down the street in a dangerous area of town and gets murdered.  Since he is at the same fault as the killer (since he should obviously have known that that was a dangerous area), he should avoid that area of town.  Therefore, everyone else should avoid that area of town because being there means you are just as much at fault for whatever happens to you.
As a result, businesses close because nobody comes to visit them.  And then people turn to crime to make money.  Eventually, the feedback loop makes two cities, the "good" city where bad things happen to good people, and the "bad" city where everyone there is a bad person or is stupid enough to be there, so it doesn't matter what happens to them.
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:39:46
It would be, but bitcoin came first, and that's all that matters.
If litecoin had come first, then this would be happening with litecoins.  With most things in life, it doesn't matter what is better; it matters what is first.
I'm personally surprised why we aren't seeing the bitcoin hashrate skyrocket along with these prices.  If bitcoins hit 1000, it will be profitable again for me to turn my GPUs on.
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:34:59
Sarbanes Oxley is a law that requires many financial disclosures at public companies.  It was supposed to increase transparency at stock exchanges, but in reality it has simply created an immense amount of costly paperwork for most businesses.
As to good software, there are lots of exchanges that have good software.  But look at what is happening to them.  Two shut down today alone.  They didn't shut down because of their software; they shut down because of legal problems and lawsuits.
Gox isn't shutting down due to legal problems because they did their research, hired lawyers, and located in a place where restrictions are low.
What bitcoin needs most is not more developers; it needs one lawyer who is willing to provide his services pro-bono to set up an exchange.  If Reddit could trade 100 developers for one lawyer, it should.
@_date: 2013-12-05 01:52:36
He keeps the difficulty at 512, so it takes longer to get shares accepted, but the payout is unaffected.
@_date: 2013-07-23 13:59:48
I both agree and disagree with this statement.
I changed my GPUs to mine litecoins, not because bitcoins are unprofitable to mine (they are still profitable to mine with GPUs), but because litecoins are more profitable.
But I also think that litecoins are worthless and have zero advantages over bitcoins.  So my coins are paid to an exchange account and I get them to bitcoins as soon as possible.  The only purpose of my mining litecoins is to turn them into bitcoins.
Since I believe there is room for only one currency, this actually helps further my beliefs.  By mining and selling immediately, the price of litecoins goes down without my having any risk.  If enough people do this, then litecoins will become a thing of the past.
In the meantime, though, I'll play the game like anyone else, so that I can get more bitcoins, which I hope to see succeed.
@_date: 2013-07-17 20:34:28
But this application is not designed for a mobile device.  He's talking about redesigning the bitcoin-qt client, which is a desktop application.
@_date: 2013-10-21 15:53:18
The problem here is that everyone is waiting for "consensus," so nothing actually gets done.  By the time an Internet forum reaches consensus, there will be another crash.
Fortunately, there are only two or three people who actually need to come to an agreement, not thousands of developers.  The BTC Guild and Slush, who saved the network in March, can probably themselves force the elimination of this max blocksize issue overnight.
People who want to see action should be working with those who have actual power, not waiting for lots of people to talk about the issue on forums until the crash happens.
@_date: 2013-12-05 15:59:50
While a great idea, colored coins don't raise the value of bitcoins at all.  The idea of colored coins is to assign a higher value to very small numbers of coins, like 0.0001 BTC = 1 share of stock.  If the minimum transaction fee is changed to 0.000001BTC, then most implementations of colored coins will use 0.000001BTC = 1 share.
A stock exchange could buy ten bitcoins and have enough money to represent all the shares in all the companies it owns.  The price of bitcoins isn't going to rise at all from contracts or colored coins.
@_date: 2013-12-13 14:37:47
It isn't as safe to allow them to keep your money, because they are a bigger target.  They have to deal with constant attacks and have a lot more money to lose.  If you make a wallet of your own and encrypt it and don't tell anyone about it, you have less money to lose and nobody knows you have it anyway.
On the other hand, if you don't know anything about bitcoins, then it is a better option for you to have Coinbase hold your funds.  They have a strong incentive to prevent theft; they've seen what happened to many of the online wallet sites before this one.  They have a lot of potential profits to lose if they make even one mistake, just as airlines train pilots for every possible scenario because they know one crash will bankrupt them regardless of whose fault it is.
I also think that the bigger risk to bitcoins now is a lack of disaster recovery preparation, not theft.  I have a large RAID array and have "enterprise" grade drives fail with an average lifespan of four years.  People put wallets with 20 bitcoins on these drives and won't spend $2 for an obsolete 256MB USB stick on eBay to protect their investments.
Of greater concern than a drive failure, though, is the CryptoLocker virus.  You can send your bitcoins off to a data recovery service if the drive's spindle motor fails or its heads crash with a 99% probability of recovery.  If the data is overwritten (such as by CryptoLocker), the odds of recovery are exactly zero.  While you can probably recover a deleted wallet, overwriting a wallet file by human error is likewise non-recoverable, and such an error can also be pushed onto the backups if not discovered in time.
If you don't know how to do backups properly, then stick with Coinbase.
@_date: 2013-06-09 15:35:01
Agreed to all points, but the one you're missing is that the corporation is holding so many coins that this is obviously a for-profit venture.
Could you imagine what happens if that huge proportion of the world's wealth gets concentrated in the hands of one corporation?  People should be doing all they can to suppress Ripples for this reason.  Currencies shouldn't be controlled by corporations, they should be controlled by people or governments.
@_date: 2013-12-27 13:52:25
A better description is that many illegal activities are not bad activities, but rely upon horrendous atrocities.
Drugs are an example.  As things stand, when you buy marijuana, it most likely was sourced from Mexico, where gangs send children to torture people who encroach upon their turf.
People always downvote posts like this, especially when I state that purchasers of illegal drugs are wrong for supporting this kind of behavior.  They like to close their eyes and make arguments that they should be allowed to do whatever they want to do, and that I am wrong for "dictating" what they are allowed to do.
It is not a question of freedom; it is a question of morality.  By purchasing drugs in the current supply chain, you are directly responsible for these murders.  Your money is being smuggled back across the border and is used to purchase guns and ammunition, and to pay people to engage in violent behavior on behalf of the cartels.  Were it not for you, then the cartels wouldn't be able to afford their operations, and the violence would cease.
That said, marijuana should be legal, and people should be allowed to smoke it.  When it is legal, then people won't be dying to produce it, and smokers will no longer face this ethical issue.  People should convince their representatives to make it legal.  Until then, you can't just downvote posts, continue to take drugs, and delude yourself into believing that somehow it isn't your money that supports these types of activities.
@_date: 2013-09-17 03:36:09
As another developer, I think you'll agree that probably 75% of all code that I am paid to do is wasted and never seen again.  I spend years implementing stuff and then poor management causes rework.  Or the project is simply cancelled and the code shelved.
This is the norm, not the exception.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:48:32
But the payout isn't guaranteed, so that's a huge risk.  It would be less risky to spend the $250k for bitcoins.
For half the profits, though, it might be worth the risk for some construction company to fund this search.  Searching would require the use of heavy machinery and industrial sorting equipment, rentals for which cost thousands of dollars.  But like anything else, this is a sort of business opportunity with risks and benefits. 
Remember, however, that when trash is left at the curb, it is forfeit.  This has been confirmed by judges in many cases where police have searched for evidence in trash.  Since the poster no longer owns the drive, it isn't clear what incentive people would have to help him, as they could take it as their own should they find it first.
@_date: 2013-11-12 14:53:20
I think the answer is a lot simpler than this.  It's simply about price.
Once you have international remittances being sent in bitcoins, it's a logical step to imagine that businesses in the areas with lots of migrant workers will accept payments directly in bitcoins.  After all, why would you want to pay a 1% conversion fee when you can cut out Coinbase, save time, and eliminate processing fees for the businesses?
As to the idea that bitcoins will be an "internet currency," the Internet is already merging with everyday life.  If Wal-Mart starts accepting bitcoins on its website only, is it going to turn away money from people who walk in the store asking to pay the same price in bitcoins as they offer online, when they can make more money than they can by forcing the people to pay in credit cards?
This is why bitcoins will eventually become the currency of choice in all areas of life.
@_date: 2013-12-02 23:52:17
The people who he stole from are not the type of people who go running to the cops when something happens.
Most of the people who used that site are hardcore criminals.  On the streets, such drug dealers kill each other simply for crossing into a different block.  
@_date: 2013-04-28 13:47:19
The government's regulation of medicine is certainly better than no regulation at all.
Keep in mind that if you take nutritional supplements and something goes wrong (which it often does), you have no recourse and no doctors know how to help you.  The FDA may not be perfect, but if you take a government-audited drug, the legal system provides you with some protection.
@_date: 2013-10-21 18:10:06
The transaction limit is bad because it is so low that the fees being charged will be too high for most people to afford, should bitcoin usage grow.
If the limit is raised, then the transaction fees will be lower because there is more space available.
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:55:52
The percentage of bitcoin users who care about anonymity is low, and there are already mixing services that can deal with that.
Most people, like me, don't care about anonymity.  They care about cutting out the middleman, about avoiding inflation, and about speed.  These are the things that will make bitcoins the world currency, not anonymity, because most people don't participate in criminal activities.
@_date: 2013-05-23 23:54:22
The Genesis Block came out of nowhere and has accurately predicted all of the major swings of the past few months.  Every time it makes a prediction, the prediction is posted everywhere within a few hours.
I wonder if they are causing the swings rather than predicting them.  At a certain point, with such a small market, they will have been right enough times that people will jump on the bandwagon of whatever they say.
@_date: 2013-07-03 12:51:55
Mt. Gox can clearly no longer be used as a valid source for the price of bitcoins.  Their market share has fallen precipitously over the past few months, and their price is inflated as a result of recent events.
You need to look at other exchanges, like bitstamp or btc-e, as a valid indicator of bitcoin prices.
@_date: 2013-10-06 14:46:32
Well, I think the bigger point is that the "poverty level" today is nothing compared to how everyone lived just a few hundred years ago.
It would take a whole day's labor to harvest enough beans for a family to have one meal back in the middle ages.  And those beans would be of poor quality and would be unable to be preserved for the winter.
Now, a person who lives in poverty can walk to a grocery store and buy a can of beans that is almost certain to be free of diseases, tastes far better than those from hundreds of years ago, and is fortified with nutrients.  I saw an ad where Wegman's is selling canned beans for 49 cents for 12 ounces, which is less than five minutes of work even at minimum wage.
Furthermore, people who are in "poverty" are entitled to Internet access and cell phones in many countries.  In the United States, people who go "bankrupt" are allowed to retain a television!  While poverty isn't easy, it is important to recognize just how good we have it.  Anyone who was alive 50 or 100 years ago would switch places with a poor person from today without thinking.
@_date: 2013-10-28 21:28:51
But banks still provide services that will be necessary in a bitcoin economy.  Banks protect money.  You could mail $500 in an envelope overseas right now without any banks, but it could be stolen.  You can also send 2.5 bitcoins overseas to send the same amount, but it also can be stolen by viruses and lost wallets.
Bitcoin banks can charge fees for their services, one of which could be to protect wallets.  In the future, it is likely that few people will actually hold money in a wallet, just as few people have cash in their homes now.
@_date: 2013-10-28 21:23:16
I disagree that the rise of bitcoin will somehow create a new financial system.  It will shift all of the wealth to a different set of investors, all in the technology sector, but that's been going on for years already.  The richest people in the world now are all telecommunications and computer corporation owners.
Plus, lots of people here seem to blame the United States government for all the problems in the world.  But the US government owns around 3% of all bitcoins.  It will continue to get richer along with so-called "normal" people.
@_date: 2013-06-25 18:56:02
There are two problems with this statement.
The first is that there is no incentive for anyone to make bitcoins work.  I've already stated in many posts how I would love to quit my job and start a bitcoin company.  But until health insurance is available to individuals with preexisting conditions, that is impossible.  I'm not going to rewrite this post again; you can see that in my history.  Only people with no other options (and no other job) become entrepreneurs nowadays.
Second, bitcoins already work great.  They don't need to be made better.  There are lots of features, like escrow, that most people aren't even using now.  There have never been any major security issues with bitcoins, and buying stuff with bitcoins is even simpler than entering that same name-address-phone number form at every site you visit.
There are no problems with bitcoins; the problems are with the governments and people around them - and those problems are quickly approaching the point where bitcoins are going to suddenly crash.
@_date: 2013-12-14 23:48:54
I report posts all the time, and I've never seen a single post I've reported be removed.  Some of these posts are vindictive and nasty, with foul language, racial slurs, and personal attacks.
Without a way to determine if anyone actually looked at your report and rendered a decision, people lose faith in the reporting process.  I stopped reporting posts because as far as I could have told, they just go into a black hole.
@_date: 2013-11-24 00:42:12
Since when did this bot start pricing things in microbitcoins?  Or is that a personal setting that was set by you when you gave the tip?
@_date: 2013-12-13 14:27:15
This post is a little misleading.  E-Mail may have been around for 30 years before it was easy to use, but that won't be the case with bitcoins.  Most likely, they'll be easy to use within 2 or 3 years.
The rate of technological change increases over time, so that it would not be expected to take quite as long to make a user-friendly interface this time.  Why?  Because how to make a user-interface that is friendly is well-known.  Nobody knew how to do that for the first Internet applications, but now it's just a matter of implementing an old tried-and-true method over a new technology.
@_date: 2013-12-04 14:08:17
If this community banded together, couldn't we kill QuarkCoin with a 51% attack?  The difficulty isn't that high.  All that would have to be done is to create blocks of the maximum size with dust transactions between wallets controlled by the miners, and to refuse to include legitimate transactions.
If transactions aren't included in blocks, then nobody can sell.  The markets will destabilize, and all of the transactions the few remaining legitimate miners include will be sales.
In fact, if we simply announced that the attack was going to begin at a certain time, that may end the coin immediately as people head for the exits before they could no longer sell.  There wouldn't even be a need to start the attack if that happened.
Is there anyone who would support this plan of action?
@_date: 2013-11-26 22:17:24
That isn't that bad of an idea.  People don't realize how difficult it is to destroy a hard drive.  You can't just throw a drive out the window, or throw it in a fire, or submerse it in water, and hope the data goes away.  Kroll Ontrack has managed to recover drives that were soaked in water for four days.  They recovered all of the data from the Columbia hard drives that fell out of the shuttle when it exploded.
The *only* way to permanently delete data is to overwrite it.  If the data hasn't been overwritten, then it is more likely than not that it is still there.
@_date: 2013-09-16 19:46:47
I still get that much by using the Middlecoin pool.  Yesterday, I banked 0.037 bitcoins using 2x 7970.
Also, Middlecoin helps with two goals.  Not only does it make you money, but it also destroys altcoins that are competing with bitcoin, reducing confusion and competition.  As more people catch onto this scheme, eventually the pool will crash coins every time it switches and sells all of its assets to bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-12-11 03:22:18
Just wait until some journalist blows up this post and embroils the school in controversy.
This place seems to be the go-to location for writers anymore, whether the original poster of the topics know what they're talking about or not.  Here is a story that the poster actually knows about and which should be published.
@_date: 2013-07-08 20:35:28
Yes.  I'm not sure what is going on with Bitinstant, but I'm starting to worry that I was the victim of a scam.  If not, they are so incompetent that they should be out of business.
I paid them on Saturday morning, never received any coins, and then they stopped responding despite three messages.  They don't list a telephone number on their website, their blog went down, and their twitter account didn't have any posts since Friday.  Meanwhile, the price of bitcoins went up.
How a company can survive when it does things like this escapes me.  Hopefully there are people here who read this thread and use a different exchange, so they don't get into the situations we're in.
@_date: 2013-05-16 13:46:32
I want to point out that people should consider that the reason why there are constant thefts of bitcoins at exchanges and DDoS attacks and other problems is because these exchanges are not following regulations.  The regulations are there for a reason: because they force people to take precautions that ultimately avoid problems like these.
Regulations are not bad.  A fully regulated exchange that was in compliance with the law is exactly with bitcoin needs.
The problem is that a decent regulated US exchange hasn't been founded, not that MtGox shouldn't have to follow the regulations.  The reason why that is is that unlike in most countries, the United States does not guarantee health insurance for entrepreneurs.  I would love to get into bitcoin businesses, but there is no way I will quit my job because my preexisting conditions preclude me from coverage on the open market.
The reason the exchanges are bad is because they are not being formed by top talent.  The top talent realizes that, at least until the Affordable Care Act takes effect in January, it is foolish to give up what they have and put themselves at risk of financial ruin in the case they get sick.
The people behind the current wave of bitcoin businesses are often "hackers" and programmers who were unemployed and therefore had nothing to lose by quitting a job.  If they had had the skills to be good at programming, they wouldn't have been unemployed in the first place.
It's hard to understand this until you put your IT resume online.  I got 25 calls in four days from people wanting to hire me until I deleted it.  They are desperate for engineers.  One recruiter asked me if I wanted to drive to their city for an interview, or if a phone interview only would be fine since I could be hired quicker.  A reasonable person would not turn down $100-120k offers that have health insurance to start a bitcoin business without any insurance.
@_date: 2013-12-04 22:48:08
I love how people downvoted your post that talks about people downvoting mine.
Someone cross-posted this to a lot of other forums, which is what I hoped would happen.  The more attention to this, the better.  It interests people in mining again, which had become unprofitable due to ASICs.  It's much better than talking about the bitcoin price.
This title is the best:  "has tried to formulate a plan to destroy all altcurrency.....apparently their plan is to mine them."
@_date: 2013-06-26 15:04:52
Agreed, four times here.  Each time, I went to Wal-Mart at 8:00am and went to work.  I expected that when I got home at 7:30 they would have gotten to it during the day.  But every time I found an E-Mail waiting that they had processed the order around 8:05.  It took me longer to wait in line at the Wal-Mart than it took them to buy the bitcoins.
They made a post at some point commenting that many of the complaints were coming from people who made stupid mistakes, like mistyping the address of the destination wallet, sending wire transfers to the wrong company, or entering an invalid zip code on their personal information.
If that is the case, it's hard to place blame on BitInstant.  As others have shown, getting transactions reversed from banks when people make mistakes is a time-consuming process.
@_date: 2013-05-29 15:36:09
 is especially important here, especially when it comes to the Republicans who hate any sort of regulation whatsoever.
At first glance, it makes sense to say that regulation prevents people from doing what they want, because it's true.  The problem is that an unregulated society is a horrible place to live in, because most people are inherently evil.  This has been proven time and time again over the centuries by wars, exploitation, and mass murder.
You do not need to be involved in government or study history to prove this fact.  Simply go to a nightclub and pay attention to how many people act ethically and considerately of others' emotions when societal restrictions, like those of the workplace, do not exist.  Watch how many people steal others' girlfriends, sexually harass people, get involved in fights, stop talking to you mid-sentence and run off somewhere else, text people while you're standing right next to them, talk about nothing but themselves, and make fun of other people to make themselves look cool.  Are these type of people in the majority or the minority?
When there were no regulations, owners made employees work 14-hour shifts in the coal mines without safety equipment.  Companies produced drugs that caused permanent side effects and promoted them as safe without any clinical trials.  Banks lent money with so little reserve that they sent millions into poverty in the '30s.
You can see the effects of regulation if you compare the nutritional supplement market with the pharmaceutical industry.  Which industry has a higher safety record and guarantees that you'll get what you pay for?
And few sole proprietors can say that the impending Affordable Care Act is going to somehow make life worse for them.  If you wanted to open a restaurant, would you rather start it in Canada or the United States, where the lack of regulations provides insurance companies the excuse to deny coverage to almost everybody on the individual market?  This is what a complete lack of regulation does - it discourages people from innovating because the risks are too high.  I am one of those people who chose not to innovate in bitcoins at least until this Act comes into effect.
I agree that bitcoins should be lightly, but not excessively, regulated.  But making a statement that almost nothing should be regulated is a poor idea.  The sort of society that we would be living in absent government regulations would be barbaric.
@_date: 2013-05-24 20:05:10
When I realized that bitcoins were going to increase in value several years ago, I had three options: buy bitcoins, buy stocks in bitcoins, or start a company.  I chose to buy bitcoins, because it is the only reasonable action.
To see why, let's assume that you start with a decision to start a bitcoin company.
Starting a company in today's environment is a stupid idea.  Not only is it impossible to get health insurance if you quit your job, but stifling regulations are coming down on bitcoin companies.  The reason why there are so many poorly managed bitcoin companies is because the smart people are not willing to risk all their wealth on the off chance they get sick.  This is why I elected not to release a wallet-hosting service in 2011 despite having worked on it for two months.
So if you have to choose between starting a company and investing your money in bitcoin stocks, it makes a lot more sense to do what you're good at and set aside money to invest.  This is a rule that many successful investors have given: let people who are good at developing new ideas make the money for you in the form of stocks, while you continue to do what you are good at - which is your profession.  So buying bitcoin stocks that other people have started is obviously better than starting a company yourself.
But then consider whether it's better to buy stocks in bitcoin or bitcoins themselves.  Bitcoin companies live and die by the bitcoin.  If the value of bitcoins goes up, then bitcoin companies will have more customers.  If bitcoins crash, all the companies will go bankrupt.
So if I want to invest in bitcoin stocks, why would I add that layer of risk?  If the number one reason that bitcoin companies will succeed or fail is the price of bitcoins, why not just buy bitcoins?  Why add things like the competency of the CEOs and whether other companies sue the company you're invested in as risks?
So that's how I arrived at my current decision.  I think there are only two reasons you would not simply want to buy coins if you believe in bitcoins.  The first is if you think the price of bitcoins will be highly volatile, rather than going up, which means you should invest in exchanges.  The second is if you want to wait until the Affordable Care Act takes effect in January (or you have never had any sort of preexisting condition - which is almost impossible), in which case it will be reasonable to start your own business.  I edited this comment to add a third condition:  you are unemployed and nobody will hire you (and if that is the case, you probably need to get more skills before starting a business.)
Otherwise, keep your job, put aside some savings, and buy bitcoins when they are cheap.  This is a tragedy of the commons.  The strategy I described is not going to help bitcoin develop, but it is the optimal strategy for you personally to make money.
@_date: 2013-05-17 13:44:12
Such a contract would work, but you would have to sue, probably in small claims court, if the other person doesn't honor the deal.  That's a hassle because there are court costs, paperwork, and (more importantly) the court is only open Mondays through Fridays during the day.
You could even prove that the contract is valid by using the bitcoin network to prove ownership and creation time (how to do this is available elsewhere).
@_date: 2013-12-02 17:20:05
By the time the trial is over and all appeals are exhausted (probably 3 years), the value of bitcoins will likely be $10k or $100k and stores will be accepting them regularly.  The circumstances will have changed so much that the FBI will need to reevaluate its "auction" strategy.
@_date: 2013-07-03 12:57:11
I think you need to be careful when you talk about new businesses.  It is VERY HARD to start a successful business.  I've tried it four times and failed repeatedly.  When you watch TV, you get the impression that anyone can start a business and become rich when that clearly isn't true.  
Even if you have a good business, things like advertising and financial support are usually more important than the actual product.  Clicking on a post and noticing that the site "works perfectly" does not indicate a successful business.
Only a very small proportion of new businesses succeed.  Many of the advertisements around here are for products that don't exist yet.  I'd be surprised if even 5% of the things here are both completed and used in any meaningful fashion.  We need to be careful about being misled by small startups with a low chance of success and minimal investment.
@_date: 2013-12-12 17:19:27
Star Trek: the Next Generation was recently re-released on blu-ray.  Watch it and notice how they press wireless communications devices to talk to each other, they read books on tablets, they chat by video with other people, and they control the ship's functions with voice commands.
In all of these cases, the actual implementations are better than the ones depicted.  The tablets, for example, are dull and static, while real tablets have video and moving pictures.  They have a collection of all the books in the world in the ship's mainframe, but today a normal person can afford a RAID array to hold the entire world's collection of literature that has ever been published in text format.
Some of the things in The Next Generation are likely ridiculous, like the idea that in 2350 people will still die from aging.  That problem will be history in 30 years or less.  Or, the whole premise that people would use physical bodies to travel in space - why not just copy information in brains and transmit it to the destination?  Or why travel at all, when you could build a huge computer using all the materials available in the entire Earth and simulate a place to live that has any characteristics you like?
That show demonstrates how it is far more likely that the technology will develop faster than expected, rather than slower than expected.  Advances always happen astonishingly quickly and people do not think exponentially.
@_date: 2013-10-14 13:49:34
But this argument doesn't hold if we compare bitcoins to gold, as many people here like to do.
While the government has been wishy-washy with bitcoins, they have been very clear with gold:  you can't buy anything with it, and it is illegal for a seller to accept gold.  In pawn shops, if you want to sell your gold for something in the store, you get paid in dollars, and then you give the dollars right back and take the merchandise.
But gold is far more valuable than bitcoins.  Even if bitcoins were banned for all purchases globally and nobody was able to find a way around that, there is still a huge market for people to store wealth securely.
@_date: 2013-07-24 15:48:22
I just don't understand this thinking.  Seriously, people need to stop this - don't you understand what is happening here?
This is what happens all the time with rape and is why women are afraid to go to social events.  They have a bit to drink, and start flirting with a man, and end up in the bedroom.  She says "no," but the man goes on anyway.
When the report ends up in the media, everyone says that the woman was just as much at fault as the man, because she "shouldn't have been drinking."
You are falling into the trap of blaming the victims.  The truth is that nobody deserves to be victimized.  When you say that the victims are "at fault," you are saying that people who have more power or money or intelligence or strength or whatever trait deserve to be treated by a different set of rules.
@_date: 2013-12-17 18:25:55
I'm not sure that the connection speed is relevant to bitcoin adoption.  Using an online wallet requires only a few bytes to tell the server to send a transaction request.
You are correct that Indians are not adopting bitcoins right now.  But most Chinese aren't either.  Most of the previous bubble was caused by rich Chinese putting money in.  Likewise, the next bubble will be caused by rich Indians putting money in.  The layperson on the street does not yet have any interest in bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-10-20 17:32:06
I agree that what you say is true, if your goal is to own dollars.  But my goal is to earn bitcoins, because I think they will be used widely some day.
@_date: 2013-12-14 23:51:21
And a lot of this is because the moderators fail to remove posts where people make personal attacks on others.
Perhaps they are simply overworked and, like they need to issue a call for more moderators.
@_date: 2013-05-24 13:39:28
I agree that those companies did form recently, but the reason I say that the fundamentals has changed is because most of these are just announcements, or they are "new" startups.
There is a long lead time between announcing say, an exchange, and actually launching it.  The company isn't going to need to acquire any bitcoins during the leadup time.  All of the bitcoin transactions begin when the company begins operations.
That's why I suggest that there will be a six month delay before a spike, and any rise now will lead to another crash before that second rise.
@_date: 2013-06-28 17:47:09
I respect your opinion, but there is no evidence to support it.
Look at the numbers.  The price of bitcoins has been plummeting every day, to the point where I turned off my mining yesterday.  These aren't drops with rebounds, but a steady slide.  Downloads of bitcoin wallet software were down in all countries except for China in May, and in June they were down even in China.  Regulators send out letters and file more lawsuits every day.  All the huge new startups that were supposed to change this (like the vaporware "buttercoin" project) are nowhere to be found, not even early prototypes.
The only significant progress in bitcoins right now is in mining.  Mining doesn't provide value to the bitcoin economy.  I just don't see where there is any good news.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:16:04
While I appreciate the theory, this is just speculation.  Many people have stated that a switch to a lower unit might increase uptake of bitcoins, but nobody has ever provided any evidence that sites using smaller units sell more bitcoins.
Until there is proof that the unit issue is holding bitcoins back, then it is advisable for people to stop posting this argument.  Without additional evidence, the price of bitcoins appears to indicate that people are buying bitcoins regardless of the unit.
@_date: 2013-07-20 15:22:30
Thanks for the tip!
"Tolerance," as with any drug, is an up- or down-regulation of neurotransmitters.  Since those chemicals are being provided to the body by the drug, the brain doesn't need to produce them.  After a while, stopping the drug doesn't immediately reverse the changes in neurons.
There is a caveat in using the word "damage" here, because everything you do causes brain changes and it's not sure which are "better" than any others.  But put one way, people who boast about alcohol tolerance are bragging that they have brain damage that makes it easier to kill themselves.  Unlike non-drinkers, binge drinkers, or about 25% of the population, have lost the ability to recognize when they are close to poisoning themselves.
It's a sad state of affairs when people seem to have no problem with this.  But then again, 70% of people are dangerously overweight.  Personally, I just don't get it.  People supposedly fear dying more than anything else except public speaking, and then they shave 10 or 20 years off their lives with obesity, drinking, and smoking.
@_date: 2013-12-20 20:02:52
I reported this comment.  Comments like these give reddit a bad name.
Next time, try sticking to the discussion and not making personal attacks.
@_date: 2013-07-24 20:23:07
I was going to reply to all the points in this post, until you added the following personal attack:
"Get your head out of your ass..."
I went to a lot of trouble to state that I respected your opinion, and why I disagreed with it.  I never called you names or made it seem like you were stupid by telling you to "realize" things, and I didn't blame all of the world's problems on you.  There are plenty of people on reddit who don't resort to namecalling and personal attacks on whom I can spend my time responding to.
Have a good night.
@_date: 2013-12-16 16:49:23
I agree.  Their AMA where the comment was included was poor.  When I was reading IAMA, there were usually two types of posts:  ones where the original poster took the time to create lengthy, well-thought-out answers to the questions, and ones where each question was answered with one sentence.
These one-sentence AMAs provide little value.  Wouldn't it have been better if they had explained under what circumstances they thought the price would rise that high?  Instead, they couldn't even bother to use proper capitalization in their posts.
Having bad TV interviews is not an excuse for a bad AMA.  It's disrespectful to their readers, many of whom write quite detailed questions, that they couldn't even bother to proofread their answers and capitalize the first letter of each sentence.
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:22:50
Tell the council you will give them $50,000 if you find the drive.  That will pay for a lot of road repairs.  You could also hire people to help you in this search, but you need to put out the money first, most likely, which is a gamble.
The major problem is that there may be multiple hard drives there.  If you find ten drives, you need to send them all to recovery at $1k each, and none of them could have what you're looking for.  How will you know whether to stop once you've found one drive?
Also, landfills are dangerous.  There isn't just trash there - there are also used needles and biological waste that can ruin your life such that you would be willing to pay $10m to survive.  You need protective clothing if you're going to search.
@_date: 2013-06-02 12:56:14
Bitcoins were also not used for their intended purpose for a long time; the payment processors came after the mining.  But that still doesn't make Litecoin a good thing.
Litecoin, in fact, is a very bad thing, because botnets can easily gain 51% control of the network and case it to fail.  Instead of the possibility of having honest rich people in control, you have the possibility of unethical hackers in control.  I'd rather manufacturers of ASICs compete with each other.
Ripples, however, are what should really be setting off alarm bells in people's heads.  Could you imagine what would happen if 25% of the world's wealth were controlled by a single corporation?  This isn't just the show Continuum, where governments sell out to corporations to get themselves bailed out; this is where one sole corporation has enough wealth to take advantage of every single person on the planet to its own ends (which are to make money for its board members).  It is mind-boggling to me that there are people here who discuss Ripples as if they are "just another currency."  It's not as if a company created the currency and plans to make money on an exchange or in payment processing.  They created the currency so that people can bid it up and they can make billions without doing anything.
Finally, why do I keep hearing this idea that bitcoins aren't profitable for GPUs to mine?  I've had six GPUs running in my house since January and they are pulling in hundreds of dollars per month.  Even running at 3kW, they are costing 7.771 cents per Kwh times 3 = 23 cents/hour, and are making over $1.00/hr.  The difficulty would have to rise above 50 million before they should be turned off.
It may be too late to buy new GPUs, but it was only too late as of this week.  If you have GPUs in your computer, you should be running them.
@_date: 2013-11-17 23:04:02
Bitinstant claims they closed at the end of the article because they "couldn't obtain a bank account."  That's BS.  They obviously had a bank account at some point, because they did process some transactions.
They actually closed because they ripped off their customers by not providing the services they advertised.  I waited six days for them to reply to me.  Eventually they were sued and the settlement will likely cause bankruptcy.
The bitcoin market is better off without Bitinstant.
@_date: 2013-09-30 13:55:37
Mining is still profitable, contrary to what some people might say here.  But you need to do it indirectly, through the Middlecoin pool.
I pay about 5.91 cents per kwh and have three high end graphics cards mining with the pool.  I end up with about 0.035 bitcoins per day, which is about $1.00 profit per day with no upfront investment.  You can make money this way if you have a GPU available.
The great thing about this pool is that the difficulty of the bitcoin network is irrelevant to your profits.  It also helps bring down the price of altcoins, which helps bitcoin by reducing confusion and the risk of people starting to support litecoins in the marketplace - a win-win situation.
@_date: 2013-07-02 19:46:20
Lately it seems like this subreddit is polluted with articles saying stuff like "bitcoin adopting is growing" or "bitcoin is getting its groove back" or "hundreds of people are adopting bitcoins in China."
Yet, while regulations grow and people sell, I can't find a single piece of good news anywhere to back any of this up.  The only "positive" news is from rich people like the Winklevoss twins, who are talking up their own products and services.  Or, it has to do with mining, as if the rising value of ASICMINER shares is indicative of any actual value or an expanding economy.
It's like people here live in a bubble, oblivious to the world outside of Reddit.
When I hear of some good news in major media from people who aren't hawking products and services, then I'll say that bitcoins are getting their groove back.  For now, they are going downhill.
@_date: 2013-12-04 21:00:51
I'm not sure I follow this logic.
The people who buy the altcoins are getting them cheap, but that's the point.  People who participate in this pool don't believe that altcoins are worth anything, so who cares if other people buy them cheap?
If the price does rise as you suggested, then the pool will switch back and lower the coin's price again.  Eventually, people come to dread the constant instability the pool causes in both difficulty and price, prompting panic sales and disruptions in transactions due to the long confirmation times.
The pool's greatest strength is in its unpredictability and lack of care for what happens to the coins it mines.
@_date: 2013-09-16 12:36:12
Stability is exactly the reason why it is so popular.  This is why I stopped mining using the Middlecoin pool.  It was down so often that just mining litecoins and selling them was more profitable than trying to get the best exchange rate across all the coins using Middlecoin.
If another pool is down 2% of the time (or 15 minutes per day), then even if it has a fee of 3%, it can't compete with the BTC Guild's 5%.  By providing stability, the Guild operator is able to pay itself with the extra coins mined.
I did a calculation last night about this.  If you assume that the BTC Guild is mining 40% of the network, which means it would be getting around 1500 coins mined per day, and the operator takes 5%, that means he earns 75 bitcoins per day in profit.  Whatever server expenses he has are insignificant compared to that windfall.
The guy is rich, and he puts his money into infrastructure to keep the pool stable.
@_date: 2013-10-18 21:26:49
Perhaps, but if bitcoins ever hit $266 again, I doubt many people will make the same mistake twice.  I'll definitely sell out if they hit high enough to get my money back.
@_date: 2013-12-04 18:37:57
The best way to do this is to create a mining pool to coordinate efforts.  Otherwise, the setup would be too complicated for the average user.
We could get it down to three steps: install GUIMiner, set the pool's address to whatever the server is, and enter any username and password.  The pool server would take care of the actual attack so that clients don't need to be concerned with the details.
Unlike other pools, people who mined here wouldn't make any money, but they would be doing a service to help bitcoins succeed by removing confusion.
Unfortunately, it's Wednesday, so I can't do anything with this yet.  I know that there is a node.js Stratum pool implementation, so that would be the easy part, but researching how an obscure coin like QuarkCoin mines blocks will be more difficult.  When Saturday finally arrives, I'll do some research and make a post next week.  Hopefully this won't take more than one weekend to set up.
@_date: 2013-06-29 00:05:22
This post is being downvoted, as do all points that have a negative outlook on bitcoins.  That said, I just don't see any evidence that shows bitcoins have a promising future.
All the big Silicon Valley projects are vaporware.  Exchange after exchange and site after site are being closed down by the government.  The only real investments are in mining, which doesn't actually provide any usefulness to bitcoins.
The reason the price is falling is because bitcoins are starting to fail.  It's difficult to write this one off as "ASICs are coming online so the price will rise again."  For the price to rise, there has to be a change in fundamentals, and the fundamentals are all going in the negative direction.
@_date: 2013-10-08 14:50:24
I don't think the double-spend risk needs to be zero.  It just needs to be less than the risk of fraudulent chargebacks that would have been incurred using credit cards.
I don't know what the chargeback rate is, but it's got to be higher than 0.1%.  That means that fewer confirmations are required for bitcoins to be more appealing than credit cards.
@_date: 2013-12-09 16:20:54
I agree with this comment.
The drop from $266 in April to $67 in July was far worse than this one.  This one went down from $1200 to $600, only half.  Each crash is less severe and takes less time to recover before the next one, as well.
@_date: 2013-06-07 13:52:55
That's the problem, though: I'm not permitted to install the browser plugin.
The other thing that worries me is that if I install this plugin at work, then password information has to be stored on disk somewhere.  Since they record all communications, they can easily perform man-in-the-middle attacks and decrypt anything stored there.
This is a major concern with intellectual property.  I might want to log into my bank account from work, but I never want to log into my blog.  If I log into my blog from work, then they gain control over my posts because I logged in on their time.
If the browser plugin automatically stores passwords to log you in, then it is difficult to prove you never accessed your blog from work.  Most people need to keep certain accounts completely separate from work for legal reasons, and I don't want any trace of my blog on their computers at all.
@_date: 2013-07-26 19:51:37
Thanks for the tip!
@_date: 2013-10-21 15:48:34
The only thing that is going to get this to change is when the current rally crashes due to the transaction limit issue.
The first rally was killed by Mt Gox being unable to process orders.  Now that that has been solved, the next issue will be when all the newcomers start being hit with high fees because of this blocksize issue.  And just as nobody installs guardrails until there is a fatal accident, nobody is going to take action on this problem until a crash occurs because of it.
There is always "more time" where the solution can be delayed until the "far future" - just like the debt ceiling.  After all, three months is a long time, and time doesn't pass that quickly.  Things will be different and someone else will have solved it before all that time elapses, right?
What happens when bitcoins are worth $1000 and everyone wants to start investing in them?  With increasing prices comes increasing transaction volume.  Those who have assets in bitcoins should look to get out as soon as the blocksize starts to be regularly reached unless the developers do something about it now.
@_date: 2013-12-20 13:53:08
If you have friends who come to you for money and don't let up when you say no, then take a preemptive step and tell them you are no longer interested in being friends.
There are better people in the world who don't seek to take advantage of others' money.  You can always find new friends if you join a few volunteer organizations or talk to new people at work.
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:13:43
I was ready to buy $500 in gift cards at gyft, since they are 4% off today.   But I wasn't able to do so because Coinbase ran out of bitcoins and won't be fulfilling orders until December 5.
Looks like the exchanges killed another great idea.  It still amazes me how, after three years, nobody can seem to get the most basic foundation of the bitcoin economy right.  I guess Mt. Gox can rest easy that it wasn't their fault this time, at least.
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:52:26
You'll feel even worse if you sell, and then the next bubble hits and you buy back in at $1200.
@_date: 2013-07-17 13:25:10
I disagree.  The original poster has the best interest of everyone in mind, but the design turns me off because of how similar it looks to facebook and twitter.  It seems that every website is going towards those rounded buttons with flowery colors.
UI designs are a fad.  What "looks good" one day is out the next.  Instead, what people should be concentrating on is usability.  That means two things:  does the user have to go through unnecessary steps to accomplish tasks, and are there any bugs?
The current GUI works great and is easy to use.  The balance is displayed on the front screen, easy enough for anyone to read.  You click "send coins," enter the address, and that's it.  I think there are far better uses of effort than redesigning this UI to move buttons around and change fonts.
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:48:52
I agree with your sentiment that now is a great time to make a move.  I have a secure wallet hosting service that I believe solves the problem of having a "central wallet" myself.  The bitcoin side of the system is written and tested.
But even after months of work, I decided not to launch, and am continuing to sit on it.  The reason is that doing so involves too much risk.  Consider my two choices:
1.  I could quit my job, spend $100,000 to hire a legal team, security experts, and auditors, and launch.  But since the Affordable Care Act doesn't go into effect until January, I have 10 months where my preexisting conditions make me ineligible for health insurance.
2.  I can spend $10,000 on bitcoins today, when the price is low, continue to work at my job, and retain my health insurance.
If I choose  then I'm putting my entire life savings at risk, if either I get sick or someone sues me for a security breach.  We've seen how many of the wallet services have gone under.  If the business fails, then I have no job and probably have to move far away to a big city in order to find a new one.  If I choose  I can lose no more than the initial investment - and if bitcoin goes under, it's likely to be longer than 2 months from now, when I'll already have made more than the $10,000 back.  Nobody can sue me for anything and if I get sick, I'll be able to resume my life after my recovery.
Now let's look at the reasons why each option could fail.   could fail because of bad marketing, bad programming, security oversights, hiring incompetent people, my getting sick again, and the failure of the bitcoin market.   will only fail because of the failure of the bitcoin market.  So if my business is tied to the success of the bitcoin market anyway, why would I take on all that extra risk?
The unfortunate truth is that starting a business in today's environment is a really poor idea.  In bitcoins, it is an especially bad idea because we are so early in the game that simply making an investment in coins is likely to pay off just as much if they succeed.
@_date: 2013-05-15 19:52:30
This is a key point.  If there were some sort of attack on bitcoins, then all exchanges would have been simultaneously attacked, not going after one at a time.
@_date: 2013-10-23 21:47:57
If you're trying to argue that adoption is occurring, then you have to point out the specific areas where bitcoins are being adopted.
Every time there is a crash, people panic, and I state that the fundamentals haven't changed.  This time, the price is rising, and the fundamentals still haven't changed.  How many more sites are accepting bitcoins since last week?  There is more adoption, but not significantly.  The only reason people can point to buying bitcoins is that the price may stabilize "this time."
There have been times when the fundamentals have changed (the government issued new regulations, for instance), and there was much less effect on price.
@_date: 2013-12-12 17:07:12
It would not dominate the currency market if the 1MB transaction limit is unable to be overturned, or if the blockchain becomes so huge that it is impractical to copy it to new nodes.
When the blockchain reaches 1Pb in size, how will it be possible to copy it to anything without shipping it across the country on hard drives (or perhaps multi-layered SSDs by then)?
And assuming that all the data arrives and you put it in the computer, how long will it take to compute the balance of a wallet (which requires reading every byte of the data)?
These are significant concerns.  They don't even have to happen; they just need to be a possibility in order for people to question bitcoin's superiority to gold.
@_date: 2013-06-25 03:42:00
The thing about "capitulation" and "rallies" is that you only lose money if you sell lower than you bought.
It is a rational decision to decide to get out if you think that bitcoins are doomed, no matter what the price is.  People who criticize "panic sellers" fail to understand this point.  Some people just click the "sell" button without understanding why, but most are selling because they want to cut their losses.
If I decide to sell, it will be because I've written off bitcoins permanently - and if that is the case, then it is a legitimate action to sell at any price given a belief that the price will fall to near zero.
@_date: 2013-11-06 13:02:31
This post brings up an issue that the original post doesn't address.  I haven't made a dime because BitInstant charged 10% fees and Coinbase charges 1% to sell.  Plus, the price you are talking about is at Mt Gox.
I will be happy to call it a profit and get out if the Bitstamp price hits $300, which covers all the fees and actually allows withdrawals.
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:02:06
Last week, bitcoins passed the point where they were small enough to be overtaken by a competitor.  There are now too many corporations and vested interests to allow something like litecoins to take over.
Also, and more importantly, I don't think I've ever seen an analysis of the code behind litecoins.  They are a fork of the bitcoin source code.  Litecoins are almost identical to bitcoins - look at the litecoin-qt wallet.  It's not as if litecoins are some new upstart technology that is a revolutionary new protocol.  Litecoins are a copy of bitcoins that are actually becoming outdated as new features are added to bitcoin.
Since all of the coins rely on bitcoin's source code, they will always be one step behind.
@_date: 2013-07-08 20:41:48
Why is this post being downvoted?  Are people not aware of BitInstant's problems?  If it weren't for the fact that people are losing huge amounts of money, their service would be a joke.
@_date: 2013-11-04 01:35:24
To add to these points, another risk is that the price skyrockets but no consensus is reached on the 1MB transaction issue.
Mt. Gox may have caused the previous crash, but I've said before that this is what is going to cause the next crash.  Pay attention to the size of blocks being mined and the size of the transaction fees.  Once transaction fees start reaching significant amounts, like $0.25, or the blocks start regularly getting over 243Kb, then it is time to sell.
People are buying into this idea of there being "free" transactions.  While some developers at bitcointalk.org continue to be deluded into thinking that this 1MB limit is somehow a good thing, events will overtake them and cause a crash, if not the end of the network altogether as people permanently get the wrong first impression that bitcoin provides no cost advantage over other payment methods. 
The sad thing is that I watch the price every single day go up and up, and there is still no movement from anybody who has any power to resolve this problem.  This is like the people who know that a road is dangerous and talk about it in public meetings, but they don't install the guardrails until there is a fatal accident.
@_date: 2013-06-27 14:53:04
Nothing is going to make bitcoin obsolete because there is no currency that can resolve the problem that are slowly killing bitcoins.  Those problems lie in government regulations, not in the currency itself.  Devoting time to developing a "better" currency is a fool's errand because there aren't any major problems with bitcoins.  Instead, what people should be watching for is that a decision point is rapidly approaching sooner than most people think.  
On the one hand, there are people, like the Silicon Valley folks, who believe that bitcoins need to be regulated, and that people need to abide by the regulations.  These people and governments will push for and develop ways to implement taxation, money laundering controls, and identity information into bitcoins.  Their belief is either that these things are necessary to give buyers confidence, or simply for bitcoin to survive the assault.  They want bitcoins to be adopted by the entire world as the dominant currency.
The other side is people who are rapidly approaching the realization that there is nothing that can be done to appease government regulators - so why try?  Not only that, but most people are satisfied with dollars and euros, so there is no reason to go through all the trouble of trying to prosytize to those people.  They will give up on bitcoins being widely adopted, and settle on what they see as a more reasonable goal of having a currency that works for themselves.  These people will push to implement additional anonymity and security features into bitcoins, to make exchanges more underground, and to limit exposure to the media and to the general public.
I think that the pro-regulation folks are in the majority now, but the "to hell with them" side is starting to grow.  Since bitcoin is likely to continue to be embroiled in bad news, one can see a fork occurring between these two sides.  The winning fork will be known as the "successor to bitcoin," and since the two networks will likely have different names, that will provide more weight to being known as a "successor."
This idea of a "better" virtual currency isn't going to start from the ground up.  It's going to be whichever side - the pro-regulation or black-market, wins in this upcoming fork.
@_date: 2013-05-23 23:51:29
The more important question is where the crash after the $220 mark will fall to.
Am I the only person who doesn't see how the fundamentals have changed between last month and this month to justify another price increase?  There aren't any new bitcoin companies yet that are trying to get their hold on coins - that will take months.  There are regulations prohibiting people from buying coins, driving the cost down, and the big news articles like the Chinese feature came out weeks ago.  It's possible that coins will increase, but next year, when these new regulations are dealt with by competent companies.
If the price hits $266 again, I'll sell everything I have.  It doesn't make sense to me that people who were burned the last time around are going to sit on their winnings and hope that things turn out differently this time.
@_date: 2013-04-12 21:58:38
It's interesting that it is more profitable to invest in currency than to invest in business at this point.  It is a feedback loop, in that if nobody invests in business, the currency won't be worth anything.
This may sound weird, but I have way too much money for how I want to live.  If I could buy time, I would do that - but in order to get health insurance, you have to work 40 hour weeks.  By the time I get home on weeknights after work and commuting and the gym and showering and dinner and cleaning up and preparing for the next day, I maybe have a half hour before sleep, if I'm lucky.  What is the point of making so much money when there is no reason to buy anything with it?  So I sit on it in the stock market.
You have people like me who would love to start a bitcoin business, or just work 20 hour weeks and spend the rest of the time playing video games, but instead they can't and end up with huge savings they can't spend.  The people who are unemployed are the ones who are trying to start these businesses, but they are producing insecure code because they don't have the skills to get a job in the first place.  People who have the skills to be successful with this stuff know they have a better deal working for someone else, and that's why there is such a mess here.
Until the healthcare law takes effect, small business will never be a good bet.
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:54:34
I believe this one, even though there was a downvote.  People who carry around a lot of cash and who are always poor understand the value of money.
They face thieves and violence every day and know how to keep their cash safe.
What's interesting is that people who are poor may not have a car or a TV or a house, but they always have an expensive smartphone.  If you pay these people in bitcoins, they would avoid the check-cashing fees and would be immune from crimes like pickpocketing, because a stolen wallet on a cell phone would be useless without the password.
@_date: 2013-05-17 13:21:00
I completely agree.  I make way too much money as it is.  I have a lot of money saved, but it can't buy me anything I want.  It can't buy friends, a change in society so that people are more accepting of those who choose not to drink or do drugs, or a cure to my health condition.
But what it can buy is time, so I am investing and working hard.  I'm sick of working 9 to 7 four days a week and then by the time you commute, go to the gym, make, eat, and clean up dinner, and deal with personal hygiene, it's already time to go to bed and do it again the next day.  I'm tired of slaving away in an office where you are a pawn to people who think they know better than you do and who make a lot more while not actually writing any code at all.
Yes, I would like to be true to ideals, and all that.  But the truth is that you have to make money to live.  If I had enough money to not have to go to work, then I would be as idealistic as you are.  Until that point, though, I'm doing all I can to get there, whether it be through bitcoins or any other stock.
@_date: 2013-11-27 01:14:59
One article that references one of the drives is at   They managed to recover 99.9% of all the data on this drive despite a 10-mile fall through fire and then extreme cold.  You can see the pictures for yourself.
I did call them in March 2012 when a RAID array failed - and the backup array also failed with a spindle motor burnout while it was restoring the data.  Smoke came out of the drive.
I paid $1.5k, they provided a prepaid shipping box, I gave them the failed drive and a spare, and three days later the spare comes back with a 100% accurate copy.  All I had to do is run R-Studio to reconstruct the array and all the data was back to normal by next week.  Second-best purchase I ever made (the best was a Roomba vaccuum cleaner).
If you are making a backup of something, don't encrypt it.  Even if the backup drive also fails, you can almost always recover it if drive encryption is disabled.
On the other hand, if you are trying to eliminate data like a bitcoin wallet, be aware that the ONLY way to do so is to right-click the drive in "My Computer" or "This PC" (Windows 8.1), select "format," and uncheck "quick format."  While another poster mentioned you could shred a drive into bits, you probably don't have the technology lying around that can do that, and your sledgehammer isn't going to cut it.
@_date: 2013-06-26 15:21:10
Great quote, but we're talking about bitcoins, not freedom of the press or freedom of religion.
Nobody is willing to die because they believe in bitcoins.  The world will go on just fine without them.
@_date: 2013-05-06 00:49:46
While I didn't lose any money here, I think that a change of opinion might be in order for many redditors.
Every time an exchange has its accounts frozen, the immediate outcry is that the bank is wrong and hates bitcoins.  That might be true, but we only hear one side of the story, because the banks usually don't share theirs.  The Canadian banks are an example of that.
There isn't any evidence to show that this case is a fraud, but it should at least be considered that many of the exchanges that have accounts frozen could possibly be involved in illegal activities.  If it is true that most of the frozen accounts are involved in real fraud, then scams are far more widespread than anyone imagined and that is a major problem to bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:01:57
A lot of people make the same mistake here about the 1/7 argument.
Things in nature don't grow on the linear scale.  They grow exponentially.  By the time people realize there is a problem, it is too late to fix it.
It is true that only 1/7 of the transactions are taking place now, but in terms of time, 90% of the time was spent on the first 1/7, and 10% will be spent on the remaining 6/7.
@_date: 2013-12-27 13:41:05
As I said yesterday - who would ever have thought that a country that demonized private money for a hundred years, shutting down the Liberty Reserve and similar schemes, would come out as the leader and biggest proponent of bitcoins?
As with entertainment, science, and even wars, America will again lead the way, and that is shocking.  This time, it isn't because of any particular policy, just having an open attitude and strictly defined regulations that businesses know how to abide by.  Every time another country tries to suppress bitcoin trading, it becomes more difficult for Democrats to force a vote on this issue, because now it would look like they are supporting both authoritarianism AND corruption.
As a side note, I don't think this news is really that relevant.  The average Indian is scraping by, and can't afford to buy bitcoins.  The rich will pay someone off so that they can buy them anyway.
@_date: 2013-05-18 03:48:03
Thanks!  It's great to see that there are people who think through this logically instead of just following along with what society tells them to do.
@_date: 2013-10-04 15:42:00
I just can't understand this.  How can someone who has 5200 bitcoins decide that they "don't have enough?"
This concept is entirely alien to me.  They have achieved what all of us have dreamed: not having to get up in the morning for another day of drudgery taking orders from the boss.  What do they want?  They're going to risk their entire life on buying a stupid Porsche or a big home or something?
How does 30 years of work equal any risk whatsoever?
@_date: 2013-12-05 01:01:05
Try GUIMiner if you've never mined before.  It's simple to set up and you can start getting paid tomorrow night.
Once you have it running, you can do searches on how to optimize your cards.
@_date: 2013-07-26 21:39:17
Everyone says this, but the prices I see on Localbitcoins are not competitive, being far higher than the market rate.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:52:47
This is the best post I've read on reddit this week.  About a month ago, people were talking about bitcoins being worth $200 by the end of the year.  Now, all of a sudden, they're "only" worth $120 and the currency is dead.
If they fall $100 in one day, perhaps they'll rise $100 tomorrow.
There are companies investing big money in things like payment systems, exchanges, auction sites, and mining equipment.  Every single one of these companies isn't going to disappear overnight, so the price isn't going to go down to zero like some people predict.
@_date: 2013-11-20 21:46:30
The fundamentals are not "solid," but rather are worrysome.  The bitcoin network is becoming saturated with more transactions than it can process, and there is no easy solution to that in the works.  It is not clear if bitcoins can scale.
Either the transaction limit is removed, which means that a DDos attack can be made with large blocks, or the transaction limit is retained or raised, limiting the usefulness of the network.
Myself, I'm holding off until we see a solution to the 1MB transaction limit before buying.
The biggest risk to bitcoins at this point is that adoption proceeds too quickly and this limit is reached.  That could spell the end of bitcoins and the ascension of litecoins or a proof-of-stake coin.
@_date: 2013-06-07 22:58:51
I reported this comment.  Next time, try staying on topic and not being a coward.
You might also remember that there are real people on the other side of the screen, who have the same wants, needs, and feelings that you do.  Other posters are not robots.
I dare you to stand up in front of an auditorium of 200 people and tell the person who spoke before you that he is an idiot, because that's what you just did here.  You wouldn't have the guts to even stand up.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:26:54
Here's one for those who like conspiracy theories, although I don't think this is true just yet.  But here's the theory anyway.  BTC China is moving far ahead of everywhere else, which just doesn't make sense.
Money is power.  Suppose that the People's Republic of China decided that it wanted to control the world's money supply and improve the lives of its citizens in the process.  In China, they don't need to go through legislative approvals and deal with financial regulations and laws.  If you are at the top of the Party, then you make the decisions.
So they wait until there is some really good news and it seems like the technology is ready, and then just start to buy.  They buy and buy and buy with billions of yuan and billions of dollars.  Every time the price falls, they prop it up by buying some more, until they get it to some target price or their budget runs out.
But other governments are watching this, so they recognize that if they don't act quickly, their money is going to be worthless.  So they buy too, and it's a race to get the governments as much as possible.  People wake up the next day and suddenly bitcoins are worth a million dollars overnight.
This can't happen right now because the banks simply don't have enough funds available to transfer through the small exchanges bitcoin has at the moment, so the crash will happen once the exchanges start to suspend operations (as happened last time).  It's easy to imagine this happening in the fifth bubble, though.
@_date: 2013-07-01 12:04:39
At some point, the dividend will be slightly off last week's, and that will trigger a panic sell.
@_date: 2013-06-05 19:49:15
I think you're looking at this chargeback problem the wrong way.  In an average transaction, which party has more to lose?
I left eBay because their answer to that question is that the buyer is always right.  When they eliminated seller feedback on buyers, they skewed the marketplace so that buyers can easily defraud merchants.
But buyers generally don't have anything to lose.  If they file a fraudulent chargeback, then it is almost always paid out.  In the rare case that it gets rejected, the credit card company sends a letter saying the appeal was denied and that's the end of it.  Perhaps in the worst case the card company could cancel the buyer's card, in which instance the buyer can just sign up with one of the million card offers that fill your mailbox every day.  They can just disappear and pocket the proceeds of the scam and never buy anything from that merchant again, as there are always plenty of merchants selling everything.
Sellers, however, have a reputation to uphold.  If they sell shoddy products, then people don't buy stuff from them again.  It takes time to build up a reputation, so they can't just restart their business somewhere else with the same sales level if they rip people off.
When I buy stuff, I trust sellers to be honest far more than I trust buyers to be honest when I sell stuff.  The ability for sellers to conduct business openly is more important than the ability of buyers to get refunds based on a single scratch.  The current business model of credit card companies and PayPal has increased buyer fraud far more than seller fraud ever was a problem.
@_date: 2013-10-14 14:02:15
I think the other issue people are forgetting is that, when Mt Gox was posting $150 in the past, it was the leading exchange.  Now, Mt Gox's prices are not relevant to the marketplace because of its liquidity issues.
Perhaps, when coinbase (or wherever it sources its coins) starts selling greater than $150, this discussion can be had, but I don't see much point to placing any value on Mt Gox in this day.
@_date: 2013-05-16 23:22:49
In the pharma industry, regulation is critical and it is doing squat.  I learned this the hard way when I took an unregulated drug called "sam-e," and it induced mania, a severe mental condition.  If it weren't for regulations, pharma companies would be just as bad as the nutritional supplement companies, and they would charge even more for worse drugs.
If I had to choose between excessive regulations and no regulations at all for pharma, it is obvious that at least some regulation is necessary.  The CEOs are only concerned about money; someone needs to watch out for normal people, even if the regulations aren't perfect.  The government isn't always evil, and not everything is a conspiracy.
@_date: 2013-12-05 01:02:04
The world I described is one where each country has 145 different currencies.
@_date: 2013-06-03 19:15:10
This post is false.  The box is not "going to be worthless in a few weeks."
I run GPUs that can get 700Mh/s each.  I computed that, at 7.771 cents/Kwh, and at $110/bitcoin, the difficulty has to rise to 81 million before they become unprofitable.  I predicted that difficulty would be hit on July 26, and so far it looks like I'm right on.
If Butterfly Labs' boxes make 5 Gh/s, that means that they are 7 times more powerful than my cards.  Even if they used just as much power as my cards do, the difficulty would have to rise to 560 million before they become "worthless."
People need to be careful about false information being spread about mining.  It is not true that GPU mining is unprofitable, as is commonly touted, and it is incredibly unlikely that these boxes will be worthless in a month either.
@_date: 2013-11-30 13:48:56
I anticipated it, but anticipating it doesn't help solve the problem.  If they won't sell me bitcoins, I can't buy any products with them.
How does a company "run out" of the only product that it sells?  What kind of business model is that?
@_date: 2013-05-11 00:07:17
This 52GB limit assumes that the 1MB block size wall will be kept, but a hard fork is going to occur sometime soon to deal with that.  There are far too many people invested in bitcoins to allow the 1MB limit to become a problem.
As soon as there is even a remote chance of the 1MB limit pushing out real transactions, movement is going to occur quick to get rid of it.  And when it is rid of, the replacement is not going to be a hardcoded size.
This is like the ipV4 protocol, where technology limited early computers to 2^32 addresses.  But ipV6 has so many addresses that every atom in the universe would have to be a computer to use them all.  The same will occur with the blockchain size limit - it will be made very large so that another hard fork is not necessary.
@_date: 2013-10-05 12:58:47
@_date: 2013-06-07 22:51:49
Napster died, but now a completely decentralized way of distributing music has emerged (distributed hash tables and magnet links).  Sites like what.cd trade far more music than Napster ever did due to distributed technologies.
Another payment system that is completely decentralized, including exchanges to other currencies, will need to emerge.  Nobody knows how to create that yet.  When that system is created, it will easily supersede bitcoins, which is probably what people are recognizing.
@_date: 2013-11-17 14:20:01
I don't see any demand for an altcoin that provides these features.  Most people don't care about anonymity.  They want a coin that is secure, can be spent anywhere, and is cheap to use.  In six months, the price of bitcoins could be 3k and they could be past the point where it is obvious that bitcoins are the currency of the future.
Perhaps this new alt-coin, if it appears (which is not even certain until we actually see some code), will be used by a few drug dealers and drug users.
Posters here don't seem to understand that banks and the financial establishment offer some valuable services for most people.  They keep money safe, they provide credit, and they track criminals like the CryptoLocker scumbags.  Not only is this altcoin too late, but they also don't seem to get that anonymity is not the attribute that is going to sell bitcoins to the masses.  Look at how few people use VPNs and HTTPS already, and how many people use simple passwords, for an idea of that.
@_date: 2013-06-25 03:53:48
You are right about governments becoming obsolete; however it is not governments that will become obsolete but all kind of collective authority.
The reason I am pessimistic about the future is because I don't believe we will be alive in 30 years.  The ability of one person to destroy civilization is increasing exponentially.  Ten years ago, twenty people destroyed two huge skyscrapers and started a decade of war.  Any day now, a small group could detonate a nuclear weapon and destroy a city.  In 10 years, people with the knowledge will be able to manufacture unbelievably deadly and contagious viruses.  In 20 or 30 years, nanomachines that are programmed to self-replicate and kill everyone they come into contact with before anyone can even analyze what is going on.
These things are not easy to do at present, but there are billions of people in the world.  A huge number of those people are disgruntled and care nothing about their own lives.  Now, they blow themselves up with suicide vests.  What will happen when you can download plans for self-replicating machines on the Internet - and you only need the resources to build one tiny machine and press "start?"
I save my money and plan for the best, but the problem of terrorism is not going to go away.  As terrorists become empowered by technology, not only will governments have more difficulty maintaining control, but the world will be one step away from a lone actor destroying all of civilization.
@_date: 2013-06-18 16:09:12
I disagree with this comment.
Effort should be directed at making bitcoin more secure, easier to buy, and cheaper to get into.  But the recent trend, just in the past few years seems to be that people need things dumbed down for them to function.  That's even to the point where previously capable websites have working features removed.  In 2005, I don't recall people saying that they aren't going to use a piece of software because it was "too complicated."
In the 1800s, you learned how to farm or you died.  You figured out the best crops to grow and how to care for them.  You learned how to use the tools, how to listen to your boss, and how to take care of the household chores.  You never said you weren't going to do something because it was too complicated.  And people survived and improved the world to the point where it is today.
There is a limit to how simple things need to be, and decimal places in bitcoins are one of them.  Everyone can learn that you need five 0.2 bitcoins to make one bitcoin.  It's not that difficult, similarly, to understand that $0.01 times 100 equals one dollar.  They understand that gold is divided into ounces and how many ounces equal a pound, and gold is a huge market.  Similarly, bitcoins are named "bitcoins."  I understand what euros are and I call them euros even if I don't like what they are called.  People can remember what the name "bitcoin" is.
Like anything in life, you need to have a basic understanding of what you are doing if you are to participate, and that basic understanding cannot be eliminated.  If I wanted to go surfing, I would spend an hour learning what a surfboard is and how to catch the waves before I did it.  Those who don't do that get themselves injured.  People who want to spend bitcoins should be expected to spend a short amount of time gaining a basic understanding of how bitcoins work.  Those do not will probably lose all their money, and that is acceptable.
It gets frustrating seeing these posts where people debate what bitcoins should be called and how they should be divided.  These efforts are misdirected and useless.  The goal should be to get merchants to accept bitcoins, so people want to use them.  Then, they will be motivated to learn about bitcoins and become responsible users.  Do you want to be part of a network of people who don't understand anything about bitcoins?
@_date: 2013-05-24 13:40:55
Perhaps, but there is still the specter of regulation hanging over everything.  It's inevitable that Mt Gox is going to have another announcement at some point about this asset freeze, and it's not going to be good news.  Even if nothing new happens, news about the court proceedings is going to drive prices down.
@_date: 2013-10-28 21:25:10
No, he couldn't.  If I suddenly spent a trillion dollars tomorrow, the prices of everything would skyrocket.
This would generate financial ruin greater than anything that's happened by so-called "fiat" money.  When you have that much money, you simply can't spend it all because there aren't enough items in the world to buy at the current prices.
@_date: 2013-11-25 19:42:30
Why does it matter if things are called something "nerdy?"
People who view things as "nerdy" and "non-nerdy" are being left behind in this technological world.  If you don't understand technology, you cannot reasonably function in today's society.
This is only going to increase as time goes on.
@_date: 2013-06-25 03:46:44
I don't think you should do this.  You'll attract the attention of regulators, especially since your username ("jdkeith") has a real name in it.
If you want to create a decentralized exchange, the only feasible way would be to develop it anonymously, without telling anyone about it, testing it through the testnet using a proxy connection, and distributing it without advertising it.
The problem is that, on the Internet which is now saturated with people who make $100,000 from poor quality YouTube videos, advertising is much more important than producing a good product.  You can't advertise something you're not willing to stand behind - and standing behind it will destroy your life.
If you can do programming, I recommend getting a well-paying job and investing your time into making money at it, then putting some savings in the stock market.
@_date: 2013-06-11 12:11:15
It's not as complicated as Miner_Willy suggests.  I don't know why more people don't use the following model, which is what I would have used before PayPal prohibited the sale of bitcoins:
1.  Buy a pack of obsolete USB sticks that have less than 256MB of memory for pennies.
2.  Sell a USB stick with bitcoins on it, with the terms that "all sales are final, no returns" which is a permissible option.
3.  Ship the USB stick to the customer using USPS first class, which is less than 50 cents, so that there is a physical product to satisfy eBay's criteria.
4.  If the USB stick gets "lost," then create another USB stick with the same wallet and mail that one, at a loss of less than a dollar.
I don't see why people are losing twice their money in these scams when they could prevent them 100% by just sending the same wallet over and over.
@_date: 2013-06-08 12:29:40
The advertising on this site is very misleading.
The NSA is not "logging all cell phone conversations."  They don't eavesdrop on every call and record it.  What actually happened is that the NSA is logging "who you call," not the conversation.
@_date: 2013-12-20 14:55:02
It's expensive because you lose control of the ability to spend your money as you see fit.
As a single person, I don't have to buy things that my wife wants.  I can (and do) drive my 10-year-old Civic, avoid buying drapes, and sleep on a cheap mattress.
When a wife enters the picture, she is going to disagree with some of my lifestyle choices and ask me to spend more.  There are also luxury items that she will want that I would never even consider buying.  By getting married, I would agree to give up some of that freedom to save money.
@_date: 2013-07-24 20:44:46
This is one of the reasons I avoid PayPal whenever possible.  The other is that PayPal freezes accounts for no reason and without recourse.
When I sell stuff on eBay, I transfer the money out of PayPal IMMEDIATELY after receiving payment, both so they don't earn interest and also so that they can't freeze the money.
Last night, I purchased an elliptical trailer that cost $1197.  One site cost a dollar more than another site, but the less expensive site used PayPal.  I specifically paid the extra dollar so PayPal wouldn't get their 2.9% in fees, so PayPal lost $33 on this sale.  I hope that more people do the same.
@_date: 2013-11-16 15:37:12
This crash isn't going to occur soon, because the 1MB transaction limit is the next great barrier.
As this original post shows, bitcoins are growing way too fast for the infrastructure.  The last time, the weak point of the infrastructure was Mt Gox, and the price fell until other exchanges came to dominate Mt Gox.  Now the exchanges are fine, but the developers are not making progress on the 1MB block limit.
The price increase is going to bring more transactions, eventually saturating the blocks, and when the price hits $2k or so, transaction fees will get so high that bitcoins will crash because people will be unable to transact without exorbitant fees.
It will be interesting to see what the limiting factor for the next bubble is.  I'd bet that the fourth bubble will probably be popped by the slow confirmation speed of the network, which limits usefulness in grocery stores and the like.  Also, the biggest issue facing bitcoin in the future will undoubtedly be the inability to create printed currency that can be used in areas without Internet access.
@_date: 2013-12-26 16:22:32
Seriously, could you take a minute to proofread your comment before posting it?  Surely it doesn't take more than one minute to add apostrophes in contractions and actually type out the word "see."
Posts like these are suggestive of disrespect towards others in this forum.  There are lots of people who write long detailed analyses, and then there are others who reply with "well i think tht china is going up over their."
@_date: 2013-06-05 16:21:40
That's not true.  As I've stated in previous posts, unless you pay a lot for electricity or use inefficient graphics cards, that time won't come until the difficulty reaches 80 million, which is probably two months away.  GPUs are still profitable to mine at the moment.
@_date: 2013-07-03 12:59:18
Again, I don't see why this is being downvoted.  It seems that any post that has a negative outlook on bitcoins is downvoted just because people don't like to hear that bitcoins have a real chance of failure - which they do.
@_date: 2013-05-23 14:12:54
Litecoin has a huge problem that will not affect whether it succeeds or fails, but which poses a significant security risk if it does succeed (which I hope it does not).
The problem is that litecoins are designed to be inefficient, so that CPUs can mine them.  But it is always more efficient for a hardware circuit specifically designed for the purpose to perform a task than it is for a general-purpose CPU, regardless of the algorithm.
With bitcoins, you can (and I do) make a significant amount of money using GPUs for mining because they are competitive with ASICs.  Were litecoins ever to become widely used, ASICs would far outperform ANY other method of mining because the algorithm is so inefficient.
If someone decides to attack the bitcoin network, it is possible for a large number of computer users to get outraged and turn on unused GPUs toregain control.  With litecoins, it would only be possible to combat ASICs with ASICs, and if one company is manufacturing the ASICs, the network will be destroyed.
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:33:36
Agreed.  If you made money off bitcoins, don't waste it on cars or houses unless you can answer the following question:
Is this $120,000 car worth working three years of work (at the average wage)?
If you would give up the car so that you could sit at home for three years and do whatever you want, then don't buy it.  Most likely, you'll find out that there are few, if any, expensive things you can justify buying when you look at them this way.
@_date: 2013-04-14 14:31:06
This was a mistake.  These coins are going to be worth 5 times more, and then probably 10 times less after that.
The big losers in bitcoins are people who are doing this panic selling and day trading.  You can't beat hackers with gigabytes of bandwidth and millions of dollars available compared to your single computer.
I plan to double-down on my coins soon, and then hold them until they are either worth nothing or I am rich.  People need to realize that buy and hold is the only viable strategy if you plan to speculate on bitcoins, because you are going up against people with much an immense number of resources otherwise.
@_date: 2013-12-08 14:45:57
I do have a virtual machine in a datacenter, but it will run out of disk space to store the blockchain in about three months at the current growth rate.  Until then I have 24Tb of excess bandwidth per month that I dedicated to the cause.
I was going to make some changes to the configuration file.  However, I looked at the bitcoind default options, and the number of connections is not 8, but 125.  Where are you getting 8 from?
@_date: 2013-11-26 22:21:06
I upvoted this comment.
What is occurring right now is necessary before any big players can enter the market.  eBay can't accept bitcoins right now because it couldn't do anything with them after it received them.  They alone would crash the market by selling them.
If bitcoins can get up to $20k or $50k, then large companies will be able to start accepting bitcoins because there will be enough buyers and sellers for them to perform the transactions they need.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:39:57
Of course, the Dow will probably reach 28,000, and it won't take as long as people think.  Take a look at a chart of the Dow between 1930 and today.  It looks just like bitcoins.
**In general, almost everything goes up over time.**
The only people who lost during the last stock market crash are - you guessed it - those who sold.
@_date: 2013-12-05 19:31:00
I had "friends" like that, who expected me to pay for things because I made more money than they did.  It turns out that while I did make more, they were disproportionately poor because they wasted money on trinkets they buy at Wal-Mart.
It plays out in very subtle ways, and sometimes people don't even ask overtly.  One time, someone refused to pay me for a DVD I had made of a talent show, even though it cost $1.  Another time, an agreement had been reached to allow me to stay with someone for a wedding in return for services, but they overbooked their house and told me they had a hotel for me instead.  It turned out that they hadn't paid the bill at the hotel.
I don't worry about it because these people are not friends.  Anyone who treats you differently because of money is someone you don't want to be around.  Even if that means you have few or no friends, it's better than being around people who don't respect you.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:01:36
Looks like someone else made a post around the same time as me with a similar theory.
There are a lot of rich people everywhere, and there is more money in the United States than in China.
@_date: 2013-10-21 13:30:58
The price of the cards isn't important - the only thing that matters is the price of the cards' depreciation.  That is, if you buy a used 7970 now, and sell it two months from now, how much do you lose in addition to the 15% that PayPal and eBay take out?  The depreciation would be pretty small, since there are so many of these cards out there.
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:16:40
I upvoted this comment because of the phrase "eBay hates sellers."  There is no truer statement.
Disputes are never resolved in favor of the seller on eBay, ever.  That's why I stopped selling stuff there.
@_date: 2013-06-03 19:18:22
That's an interesting point, but at some point, the opportunity cost will be negative.  Even though it may always be profitable to use GPUs, ASICs may go down in price a lot as more competitors enter the market.
Assume that you have a fixed amount of money and ASICs become cheap.  At that point, there would actually be a negative opportunity cost to running a GPU because the money spent on electricity could have purchased a cheap ASIC instead, which could have made more money in the same time period, even if the GPU sits idle.
@_date: 2013-10-19 14:35:13
That's possible, but it could also go belly up.
Some people are willing to take that risk, surely, but I lost enough money the last time.  The stock market is doing well enough and is a much safer investment for me.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:36:10
What's interesting is that I invested 1% of my portfolio in bitcoins, and now they are 30% of my portfolio.  They were 10% in April, then they were 50%, and they'll probably be there again in two or three months.
It's an interesting issue.  I had more than enough money for my retirement before I bought bitcoins, so I haven't sold a single one.  The only way to get rich is to take big risks.  If bitcoins somehow become worthless (which seems almost impossible), then I'll "only" have 99% of my original retirement (plus the additional 20% I've put into my funds by working since then).
Most of the people who have more than 10% of their portfolios in bitcoins are those like me, who initially followed conservative investment advice and only put 1% in.
@_date: 2013-12-02 23:58:02
Who are the "crooks" here?  Are they the people who stole this enormous amount of money?  Or are they the drug dealers who buy their stashes from Mexico, where gangs hire children to kill rivals in turf wars?  People who support "libertarian" ideals and the ability to buy drugs over the Internet seem to forget where these drugs come from.
Please forgive my lack of pity for anyone involved in this situation.
On the bright side, it is likely that the value of bitcoins just increased by 1%.  Either the thief is never going to spend his bitcoins, which means they are lost; or he will be killed, which means the private keys will be lost.  Either way, we all just got richer.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:21:07
Or, as I did, pay using PayPal.  Don't pay with bitcoins.
If you've ever been a seller on eBay, you know that PayPal never, ever, sides with a merchant.  If they don't deliver by mid-June as promised, I'll simply go to PayPal and they will refund my money.
@_date: 2013-11-03 18:33:47
That might be true, but if they gain ten trillion dollars simply by holding them, that would increase the power of the government by a lot.
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:21:09
I've heard people say this before, but sometimes you just have to learn a little bit.
People who have $50,000 in cash don't just leave it lying around in a car with the windows rolled down, or else it gets stolen.  Instead, they do some research and find out that you can deposit it in a safe, or in a bank.  Then, they can ask people what types of safes are best or they can learn about the banking system so they can choose a bank that is best for them.
If you want to store money as bitcoins, then it is not unreasonable to expect you to learn some basics about computer security, just as you would need to learn basics about securing cash, or even the basic rules of hockey if you decided to buy a hockey stick.  Knowing that online wallets are stored in other people's possession is not difficult to comprehend.  It is easy to teach someone how to make a backup of a wallet file and store it in a different house or at work.
I understand that you may not be knowledgeable about how bitcoin works, but just like anything else in the world, you need to educate yourself about it so that people do not take advantage of you.  Life is not easy, and you can't just throw up your hands and say "other people should do all the work for me."  People who are successful in any area and who avoid bad things from happening to them make an effort to be informed about what they are doing.
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:59:27
The problem with this solution is that a private key is very small, only a few kB.  It is highly unlikely that the edges of any of the very large pieces cuts through the area where the wallet is small.  Remember, a few kB can be stored in a space a few thousand atoms wide.
In general, using electron microscopes is too expensive and slow to recover all the data from a hard drive.  However, when all you need to recover is one private key, you don't need the drive in working order.  For the promise of a million dollars, I would spend three or five years with a microscope attempting to locate and recover the wallet.  Once you find it, you could probably get the rest of the wallet in just a day or two.
@_date: 2013-12-17 18:32:13
I have a big issue with people who say that bitcoins will be worth "zero."  That is that everyone spends a lot of time discussing the reasons behind the next bubble, or what will cause bitcoins to be adopted.
When people are asked what the risks are, they often say that "it will go to zero," but they won't provide the reasons why bitcoins will fall that low.
In general, things don't just happen for no reason.  For bitcoins to be worth nothing, some catastrophic event needs to occur that will cause people to sell.  I have far more difficulty imagining the event that causes such a drop in value than I do in imagining a situation where bitcoins become the world currency.
What exact event do you believe will precipitate the decline to zero, and why does everyone assume that bitcoins are going to fall to zero unless there is a continuous stream of unbelievably positive news?
@_date: 2013-06-29 14:13:38
My argument boils down to two reasons.  The first reason is that it doesn't matter if your product is better; it matters whether it was first.
I developed four websites over the past five years, probably putting 3000 hours into them.  Three failed, and one (remixsquared.org) continues to stick around without developing much of a following.  What's interesting is that I have yet to find anyone who says that the remixsquared interface is worse than the market leader's (ocremix.org) for actually listening to music.  ocremix.org is difficult to search, loads slowly, and rejects a significant portion of music submitted to it.  But there are lots of people who go to the other site because they simply have been using it for a long time and it is "good enough."
The problem with bitcoins is that dollars and euros are "good enough."  Bitcoins are obviously superior to them; few people here including myself disagree with that.  But people are not logical and don't switch to the best thing; they follow their emotions and stick with the thing other people use.  Google Plus is far better than facebook in terms of features, but people use facebook because they've used it before.
In order for people to switch to a new thing, there has to be a "cataclysmic" event, which doesn't occur very often.  Unless Overclocked ReMix goes down, there is no reason for people to use my site, even if it is better, which is why I slowed development on it.  facebook isn't going to go away unless ad prices fall out from under it or it makes a catastrophic privacy settings change that seriously angers users.  You need to ask yourself:  "What catastrophic event will cause bitcoins to overtake dollars and euros to become the dominant currency?"  Believing bitcoins are better than those other currencies is NOT a reason to invest.
If you can answer that question with something that is likely, then faith in the currency is well-founded.  But I don't see what the answer is.  The argument that "all fiat currencies fail" sounds great to zealots at bitcointalk.org, but what is the true likelihood of dollars failing in the next 50 years?  What earth-shattering event would occur that causes other currencies to fail but leaves bitcoins unscathed?  If a nuclear war breaks out and several cities are destroyed, for example, the dollar will fall, but the Internet will also be inaccessible to those who survive.
If we scale down the ambitions of "earth-shattering events" simply to bank failures, what is there to say that all of the banks in the world are suddenly going to start failing?  Banks fail all the time, and there is always an economic crisis somewhere or somewhere else.  Today isn't much different than the 70s, or 80s, or 90s, and the various economic crises then.  Remember, it seems that many of the people who post to this forum are only 20 or 25 years old; they never bothered to read about the Savings and Loan crisis, and so think that this period is somehow unique in history.  If German banks fail, why not just buy dollars with your euros instead of bitcoins?  The reason to believe bitcoins will not succeed is very simple: there isn't a likely event that will force widespread adoption.
The second reason that bitcoins may fail is because of an impending hard fork.  Few seem to take this possibility seriously.  Government regulators are getting more and more zealous in going after bitcoins.  Whether the government's reasons for doing so are legitimate or illegitimate is irrelevant; some people are starting to get mad.  While there is value in making sure that bitcoin exchanges are trustworthy, forcing small businesses to pay $25 million in money service business licenses is not something many people are willing to deal with.
There are no signs of regulation going away; in fact, lawsuits and seizures are accelerating.  There is already some talk brewing by some people saying "we tried to work within the system, but this is unreasonable."  As the regulation continues to ramp up, the entrepreneurs who see a rosy bitcoin future with widespread adoption are going to be at odds with a large number of angry people who are willing to scale back their ambitions.  This new breed of people will push for anti-regulation features to be adopted, like built-in mixing, untraceable distributed exchanges, running nodes through tor, colored coins, and so on.  The entrepreneurial types may decide to include taxation and even real name features.
As that argument comes to a head, the most likely outcome will be a hard fork.  The value of the two resulting networks, both of which contain the same blockchain to a certain point, will be lower than the sum of the coins you hold in both, so that a bitcoin that was worth $100 before would now be worth $30 in the regulatory network and $40 in the black-market network - so now your two coins are only worth $70 immediately.  Payment processors and mining pools would have to choose sides, resulting in two networks, both of which may claim to be the real "bitcoin."  Suppose that Mt. Gox chooses the "black market" network and Bitpay sides with the regulatory network - but since Bitpay uses Mt. Gox, they now have to develop new software.  Consumers will be confused, and sites will suddenly be non-interoperable with each other.  HD-DVD and Blu-ray delayed the introduction of 1080p video for over two years because of a format war like this - and they almost killed both of each other.
Again, nobody has provided me with a reason why this outcome is unlikely.  It's not as if businesses just have to file some forms.  They have to retain massive amounts of data for years and pay millions of dollars in fees just to get started, and there is now talk that even miners at home are subject to these regulations.  People are going to get angry at this, but the Silicon Valley types who care only about money aren't going to let their cozy relationships with the government get overturned by a decision to go anti-regulation.
Hopefully that explains my reasoning.  In your post, you focused on the technical aspects of bitcoins - and those are all valid points.  But I think many people here are lost in the weeds and aren't stopping and thinking through what the possible scenarios are.  When you think it through, none of the scenarios depends significantly, if at all, upon the fact that bitcoins are divisible infinitely or that they have low fees.  Bitcoins aren't going to succeed or fail based on their internal structure; it is external events and influences that will determine their future.
@_date: 2013-06-09 14:20:35
This program seems to just add credence to why I don't use services like GMail and Yahoo.  Not only is it more credible to use your own domain for E-Mail, but giving one corporation the power to do anything it wants with all that data is a mistake.
@_date: 2013-12-20 13:59:59
I'm a firm believer in encouraging positive behavior in others, and in not rewarding bad behavior.  You can either take the tack of not giving any money to anyone, or you can select people based on need.
Using the two examples below, the person who has a kid and is married and is struggling with bills is not deserving of your money.  Kids don't just happen; he made a choice to have a kid (or they made a choice to take a risk of having a kid).  He also chose to get married, which is much more expensive than being single.  Life didn't accidentally throw him into this situation - he arrived there by his own choices and should accept the consequences.
On the other hand, someone with an illness may deserve further consideration, depending on the illness.  If the friend smokes, refuses to quit against your advice, and has contracted lung cancer, then he caused the problem.  If he was hit with a devastating disorder with no known cause, like multiple sclerosis or ALS, then he is deserving of aid should you choose to give it.
If you ever consider to grant aid to friends, make sure that you examine your personal beliefs and the situation of the people you are going to help.  If you give money to people who exhibit destructive behavior, you are encouraging society to engage in such behavior with no consequences.  People respond to rewards and punishments, and money gives you the opportunity to help those who help themselves.
@_date: 2013-12-23 14:47:21
I don't agree with many of the posters who say to buy all the bitcoins over the next year.
The boom and bust cycle is accelerating.  There won't be 7 months until the next bubble.  If history is a guide (which it probably is), there is at most four months before the next bubble begins.
Now is a great buying opportunity, with all the negative news that's come out.  If you are sure you want to buy, there is no reason to wait for a "better price."  If bitcoins go to $50, it will be because of some really bad news that means you won't want to buy anyway.  If you believe in the success of bitcoins, $500 is probably the lowest price they will have if they remain successful.
@_date: 2013-10-20 13:45:40
I don't think that 10 cents is too low for most people.  It is for people who live near big cities, but if you look at the charts, there are a large number of areas where electricity is much cheaper.  In fact, the only area where electricity is consistently expensive is in Europe.  There are plenty of maps on Wikipedia if you want to see world electricity prices.
As I stated in another post earlier today, I will make a cointerintuitive argument: if you want to get into mining, your best choice is to buy a GPU, not an ASIC.  You can make far more money by mining litecoins or by using the middlecoin pool that automatically sells altcoins for bitcoins than you can by buying an ASIC directly.
There are many stats that affect profitability with GPU mining of scrypt coins, but the only one that is irrelevant is the difficulty of the bitcoin network.  At 5.97 cents per kwh, I make about $1.30/ATI 7970/day - and that's only because I still have to keep the windows open to vent the heat.  Once the highs start to average in the lower-50s next week, I'll be able to keep all the windows closed and my effective probability will rise to $2.30, saving $1.00 per day in heating costs in my basement.  I would normally have to run a 1500W "dumb" heater in the basement because the natural gas system doesn't heat it properly.
These GPUs are unlikely to depreciate much further, because people are dumping them onto the market now that bitcoin mining with them is done.  So you can buy them now, and if this scheme becomes unprofitable because too many people latch onto it and kill the altcoins, you can flip them on eBay with your main loss being eBay's fees.  Their prices may even rise after the market glut clears out.
The biggest benefit of this scheme is, of course, that you can use the GPUs to actually play games on Saturdays and Sundays, then allow the system to hash 24/7 Mondays through Fridays when you're not home.  I also see the resulting reduction in altcoin prices as a benefit, because it reduces the odds of a "format war."  Most of the altcoins provide no value over bitcoins, have no merchants accepting them, and the only people getting rich off of them are the developers.
You can achieve low electricity rates by signing a long term contract where you get a lower up-front rate.  Every once in a while, there are companies that send ads in the mail suggesting that you "lock in savings," but in reality they just give you a lower rate for the first year, and a higher rate during the last year of the contract.  For someone whose usage is constant, there is no difference.  But if you want to do mining, you can use a lot of electricity at the first-year low rate and then stop mining during the last year of the contract.  I lowered my rate from 7.779 cents to 5.97 cents this way, and will have to pay 9.9 cents a year from now when I will reconsider my mining.
@_date: 2013-12-05 16:47:41
1.  The corporation creates two wallets.  One wallet contains bitcoins that are valued at normal rate.  One bitcoin is sent to the second wallet, which represents 10,000,000 shares of the corporation's stock.
2.  The buyer transfers money at the normal value from his one wallet to the corporation's normal wallet to buy five shares of its stock.  He receives 0.00000005 bitcoins from the corporation's stock wallet into his wallet.  These coins are designated as "stock" coins.  One share of stock is designated to equal 0.00000001BTC.
3.  The corporation publishes the address of its stock wallet, so that anyone can see that coins sent from the stock wallet represent shares of stock.
4.  The initial buyer decides to sell some of his stock.  He agrees upon a price with a second buyer, who transfers normal bitcoins to the first buyer.  The first buyer, using the transaction ID from the stock purchase, sends those same 0.00000005 stock coins to the second buyer.
5.  The corporation pays dividends in normal bitcoins to the wallets that contain its stock coins proportionally to the number of stock coins that are in them.
6.  No stock exchange or broker is necessary.  Therefore, eTrade cannot charge $10 per stock trade.  The blockchain permanently records the ownership of all shares of the corporation's stock.  Nobody needs to register who owns which shares, or even know the names of the owners of the shares.
@_date: 2013-06-06 23:15:02
This isn't exactly true, because password cracking isn't based on brute force most of the time.  Good hackers have dictionaries, and lists of patterns, and substitution tables (like " for "a") that they use.
A password of eight eight-character words is probably weaker than a random 6-character password.
@_date: 2013-12-07 15:07:43
This crash is the best possible thing to happen to bitcoins.  I hope that it holds.  It gave us valuable time.
People are concentrating on all the wrong issues here.  I could care less about these posts where everyone panics about making a bad investment.  How many times does the past have to repeat before people will learn that if you wait six months, then this will happen again?  Gavin Andersen himself said there would be "4-5 bubbles," and most things in nature take five waves before they reach a steady state.  I stopped wasting my time reading those posts and people here should too, as it just encourages people to complain more, sell more, and then complain six months from now about having lost money.
However, I don't have the same bullish outlook as I did in April because this time, there are significant technical hurdles facing the bitcoin network.  In April, the technical issues were with Mt. Gox and the exchanges, which, because they were centralized, were easy for Peter Vennesses to tell his employees to fix.  
Unfortunately, for all the strengths of a decentralized system, there is nobody in bitcoins who can order people to fix its problems.  The developers have until the next bubble to fix the 1MB transaction limit problem, or then people should be worried about losing money.
Each of the bubbles goes 6-10 times higher than the last one, so you would expect that the next one hits $7500 or so.  There is no way that the 1MB transaction limit can allow the network to continue with such adoption.
The community got a HUGE break here.  This limit could have been hit in January, but instead this bubble looks like it popped and we have a few months until the problem becomes bitcoin-ending.  It is time for people to schedule a hard fork with some solution to get rid of this limit.  The paper that was published yesterday is a great solution and should begin testing immediately.
I will buy if the price hits $400, but will be ready to sell at the first sign that community consensus is not being reached on the 1MB transaction issue.  There will not be a next bubble without this problem being addressed with intwo or three months, at most.
@_date: 2013-11-04 04:33:11
My point is that it will not.  Most things in life grow at an exponential pace, but humans think at a linear pace.  When the size of the blocks is halfway to being a catastrophe, then 95% of the time between now and the crash will already have elapsed.
It will be too late to do anything when it "starts to become an issue."  Coding and testing for something of this scale takes months.  It is probably already too late, in fact.
@_date: 2013-11-21 13:55:13
No, the DDoS attack would be the opposite: create a 1GB block that has millions of transactions sending 0.00000001 between a few wallets.  This block has to be copied to everyone.  Either it would waste disk space a million times over, or it wouldn't be able to be copied across the network before the next block, so the attacker could do this over and over again to waste all the bandwidth.
Also, since the network is at 1 transaction per second, we are probably 90% of the way to it reaching 7 transactions per second.
@_date: 2013-05-10 13:41:38
This was always my first advice until a week ago.  But then I realized that the size of the blockchain is growing so huge that bitcoin-qt may not be a viable long-term storage option.
If the blockchain becomes, say, 250GB in size in 2 years, then it will not be feasible to load up bitcoin-qt and spend your coins, especially in a timeframe necessary with the volitility of the market.  Comcast's bandwidth cap has been 250GB (and now 300GB, a paltry increase) for five years, and their cap is generous compared to most caps in Canada.  In Canada, with Rogers you wouldn't even be able to download the entire blockchain in one month; you'd have to stretch the download across multiple months.
Disk space is increasing rapidly, but bandwidth has been left behind.  I have twelve times as much disk space (4TB =&gt; 48TB including backups) as five years ago, and 33% more bandwidth (12Mbps =&gt; 16Mbps down).  Any option that requires a full client installation is not good for long-term storage anymore.
Stick with a solution that does not require full blockchain download, or else you could find yourself having to download untrusted code to "convert" your wallet into a format readable by other software.
@_date: 2013-06-07 14:01:25
I don't buy this analysis, because there are a lot of things different in 2011 than there are now.  The most important is that government entities didn't care about bitcoins in 2011.
The simplest explanation is usually the right one.  In this case, the simplest explanation is that bitcoins are in trouble because Mt. Gox killed them.
I've launched websites in the past, and almost every website launch has bugs.  What I've found is that the number of bugs at initial launch has more to do with a website's success than almost any other variable.  It appears that many people are not interested in sticking around to see if things improve.
Bitcoins had their time, and when the price went up, Mt. Gox went down.  Then, just as the price started to recover, Mt. Gox had its assets seized.  People who trusted Mt. Gox are not going to come back.
The short answer is that Mt. Gox has killed bitcoins.  For better or worse, the state of the bitcoin economy depended on them doing a good job, and they were unprepared technically and legally.  It is unlikely that, even despite their incompetence, any other trading platform is going to supersede it, because being first is far more important than being good - and that could be the end of bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-10-19 19:00:03
We should be discussing what will cause the next crash, as well.  The last time, it was widely agreed that Mt. Gox was unable to handle the registrations and on its website and keep its infrastructure up.
This time, it will be the 1MB block size limit that causes the crash.  The transaction volume will rise with the price, until eventually blocks reach the size limit.  A solution to that problem won't be worked on until all the blocks are 1MB in size, because nobody does anything until after something bad happens.
People won't be so bullish on bitcoins once they find out it costs $.10 or $1.00 to send a transaction because the block size is so small.
If I were willing to take the risk, I would buy and then hold until the block sizes regularly go over the current 243KB, at which point this problem will start to manifest itself.
@_date: 2013-07-27 12:56:36
Thanks for the offer, but I'm not interested in anonymity.  Coinbase allows me to get coins much cheaper than localbitcoins does.  Plus, it seems to me that localbitcoins has even lower prices for people who happen to live near large cities.
It seems to me that there is a significant opportunity to make money here by buying coins through Coinbase, sending them to a different address for plausible deniability, and then selling them through localbitcoins.  I'm surprised nobody has thought of that and driven the prices down.
@_date: 2013-05-06 00:36:22
A better strategy is to sign up for two or three of the credit cards that have rotating cash back categories.  For example, DISCOVER has 5% off gas in April, while Chase has 5% off restaurants, and Bank of America has 5% off hardware stores and groceries.  The companies are always changing their categories, but you can play the game if you always make sure to check their websites on the first of each month and click the "sign up" button.
Then just charge everything to your card and redeem the bonuses for gift cards, which usually compound your bonus.  I redeem $45 of bonus for $50 Olive Garden gift cards, since I go there often, so my real cash back usually ends up being 5.5% in the categories.
@_date: 2013-12-20 18:24:55
Agreed, but you make it sound as if that is easy.  I'd guess most people don't find out about their wife's spending habits until after they are married.
@_date: 2013-11-17 21:39:02
That's great, but 97% of people in the world get married and many of those become soccer moms and dads.
Illegal drugs were never the largest or even a significant part of the promise of bitcoins.  That's why this whole coinvalidation issue is ridiculous.  Of course schemes like coinvalidation are going to come about - they are the next logical step in bitcoin's development.
It is inevitable that bitcoins will be dominated by legitimate, non-anonymous, uses.  The criminal underground pales in comparison to how much money is transacted in legitimate business every day, so the loss of all the drug dealers from bitcoins will hardly affect its value or usefulness.
@_date: 2013-07-24 15:34:02
Unfortunately, there is no way that we can come to any agreement on what was posted above, so to save time I'm not going to reply to your thoughts on the topic of bitcoins.  I respect your right to have an opinion if the evidence supports it, but loosing regulations has been tried again and again and consistently leads to unimaginably bad outcomes.
Regulation saves lives and makes life bearable.  Before there was regulation on companies, life consisted of working 60 hours a week in a factory, breathing in poisonous dust, where you risked losing your arm every day.  Before regulation, books compared food processing to the "jungle," where consumers had no idea if they were eating what was on the label.  Without regulation, the dietary supplement industry has a far higher rate of deaths and injuries from the drugs they produce than the pharmaceutical industry does.
Before the Affordable Care Act was passed, it was never going to be possible for anyone except the 10-30% privileged with the most perfect health to start a business.  And when Clinton and W. Bush weakened the regulations on banks and stock brokers, millions of people went bankrupt and the country spiraled down into debt that will be with us for a hundred years.
We need to learn from the mistakes of the past, not repeat them by attempting to create what some people think will be a utopia where there are no regulations.  What should be done is to direct an effort towards making fair, just, and effective regulations.  A world with no regulations is one where people who were born into a family with power, who have a lot of money, or who have perfect health take advantage of everyone else.  I don't want to live in a place like that.
@_date: 2013-12-30 15:06:34
Not again - this is a disaster.  Every time these guys remove trading fees, they destabilize the markets and send the volatility through the roof, making bitcoins seem like a joke.
It probably isn't an accident that bitcoins have been very calm recently.  This time period coincided with the removal of trading fees by BTC China.
Hopefully, fees will be reinstated soon to bring some stability to the market.
@_date: 2013-04-14 14:32:44
I agree with this.  I do not have confidence that the project will be successful anyway, given that the real problem is in the interaction with the same third parties that Mt Gox has to deal with.  Gox will have a new trading engine well before these guys can even get off the ground.  Even if their engine is better than Gox, they need at least a million dollars in startup capital just to deal with legal issues and get banks to take them seriously.  They're not going to get that by accepting donations of one bitcoin here and there.
But the name is going to compound the problem even more.
@_date: 2013-04-28 13:48:03
If you have any specific questions, I'll be glad to answer them, but I'm not sure how I could be more specific than I was.  I took sam-e, as stated in the message, for three days.  It was bought from GNC, if that helps.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:42:49
I'm sure that the founder of the Pirate Bay, who threw his entire life savings of $500,000 into bitcoins at $5 and was laughed at, would say that having your net worth in one asset is "horrorifically foolish."
@_date: 2013-08-24 14:52:56
To me, it seems that the case is simple.  Their website promised that orders would begin shipping in two weeks, with all orders to be delivered within two months.  It's been four months since it said that.  Therefore, they failed to honor their contract.
Note that the wording on their website has changed to state that orders may require "2 months or more" for shipping now.
@_date: 2013-11-22 18:13:38
An exchange is a centralized system.  If the CEO of Mt Gox decides on a solution, it gets implemented and the problem is resolved.
Here, there is no CEO.  The risk isn't technical, as there are many solutions to this problem.  The risk with bitcoins is that nobody agrees on any solution at all.
@_date: 2013-05-23 23:46:25
One thing I learned over the years as a software engineer is that nothing can ever be described as requiring "minimal coding."  When I transferred remixsquared.com from Lunarpages to 5ite, without even a single line of code being changed, it took me one Saturday and one Sunday to migrate the site, and I thought everything was fixed.  It took an additional nine weekends of work responding to bug reports and fixing things that I broke by fixing other things before the site was stable again.
When you are talking about transaction systems where billions of dollars are at stake, everything has to be tested and retested.  Sarbanes-Oxley compliance requires reams of paperwork.  Just to get developers access to the production systems to modify them requires sophisticated audit logging and numerous filings.  It's likely that laws prohibit most developers from having even having access to a copy of the data necessary to test the systems.  And without having an actual copy to test with, you can never adequately predict the behavior of a real-world system when a new currency is added.
@_date: 2013-10-20 13:29:30
I want to point out yet again that this is not true.  You can still make quite a bit of money by mining litecoins and selling them for bitcoins, or by using schemes like the middlecoin pool.
These pools allow you to use GPUs to mine one of the 70 or so altcoins and then have them automatically sold into bitcoins.  I can make 0.01 bitcoin per ATI 7970 per day.  At 5.9 cents per kwh, I'm spending about $1.00 and making $3.40 with my two cards.
Note that there are many statistics that are important to consider in profitability here, but the bitcoin difficulty is the only one that is completely irrelevant.
Myself, I see a side-benefit to this sort of mining - it depresses the prices of the altcoins, which makes it more likely there will not be a "format war" between bitcoins and one of the altcoins.  This increases the probability of bitcoins succeeding, which is the reason you're mining in the first place.
@_date: 2013-08-01 11:23:03
These people are handling huge sums of money.  If they can't hire someone to handle customer service in fewer than 4 days, then they shouldn't be in business.
This isn't a mom and pop shop on the corner.  It's a financial services company where big money is on the line.
Imagine where bitcoins would be if there was just a single reputable exchange that responded to customer service inquiries and actually worked.
@_date: 2013-11-17 21:43:26
You're missing the critical point that everyone else is here.  The average Joe doesn't visit bitcointalk.org.
The people who visit bitcointalk.org are people who are early adopters who care about bitcoins for libertarian reasons or who use it for gambling or shady things.
The average person doesn't do these things, so it is possible and even likely that bitcoins will come to dominate as the world currency in legitimate markets.  Bitcoins will be heavily controlled and regulated, and be far more valuable than this new coin.  Banks and businesses will appreciate the lack of anonymity, and bitcoins will grow wildly once they can be tracked.
The new coin, if it comes about, would be used by the libertarians and those who continue to believe in the original premise of bitcoins.  It will be useful and have a smaller value, but big business will never accept it.
The other reason this is true is because the other coin will take years before it is released (since the developers are promising months, that means years).  By that time, bitcoins will have already passed the point of no return.
@_date: 2013-11-17 23:07:33
I agree that this is a good soultion, but 0.9 isn't available yet and has no set timeline for release.  The market is growing now and can't afford to wait until then.
It wouldn't take much effort for the developers to take the 0.8.5 fork and change one line, then release a non-mandatory upgrade.  People who downloaded bitcoin after this change would have a more reasonable fee, and people kept the existing version can change the default very easily.
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:30:44
Look, I didn't make any personal attacks against you or call you names.
Bitcoin is different than stock because there is no stock in the world that has the potential to become the default world currency.  Nobody will ever trade Apple stock for a piece of bread.
Bitcoins are risker than Apple stock, because Apple's business model is proven and they aren't going to go bankrupt tomorrow.  But they also have so much potential that I believe that even a 1 in 100 chance that bitcoins will succeed is worth a shot.  That's why I'm hoping that the panic sellers push bitcoins to $10 or even lower.
A side effect of this crisis is that the hashrate is dropping dramatically, which will make the next difficulty lower.  I was looking at the predicted difficulty of 8.5 million with dread, but now that people are turning off their computers, it will be possible to get more coins.
@_date: 2013-11-04 01:30:29
I think the most significant risk isn't listed above at all - that people simply don't use bitcoins.
I've tried to start several websites in the past, and most people agreed that they were better than the existing sites.  But nobody used them because they continued using the existing site.
Bitcoins are a great invention, but there needs to be an earth-shattering event if they are to become widely used like dollars.  Otherwise, what will cause Wal-Mart to start listing its prices in bitcoins rather than dollars?  You can't just print out bitcoins and put them in your wallet.
The lack of a physical presence is the biggest holdup of bitcoins.  A large number of people have never had a bank account or Internet access, and these people will hold back bitcoin adoption unless the paper currency issue can be addressed.
@_date: 2013-04-19 23:22:05
It's true that people need to learn a few things about bitcoins, but the stuff that needs to be learned is not difficult.
When I was a kid, my dad told me that when you're given some money, you take it to the bank, or lock it at home.  You don't carry it with you in your car or put it out on the counter for everyone to look at.
People follow those rules because they are ingrained in them from the time they are young, because they use cash all the time.  If they had just been introduced to cash now, they would probably lose it just as easily.
With bitcoins, you don't need to be an expert in computer security.  All you need to do is copy your wallet to two SD cards and put them in two different houses disconnected from the Internet.  The odds of someone stealing your coins or your losing them at that point are minuscule.
People who are any age can understand that much.  They just don't care about the importance of doing so, or are too lazy to do so.  People get cash wallets stolen all the time too, because they are too lazy at protecting them, but those thefts don't make headlines.  I'd like to see a study comparing the prevalence of bitcoin wallet theft with cash wallet theft, and we might be surprised to hear that both are equally common.
Remember that if something makes the news, then it is something that doesn't happen very often.  If there were terrorist attacks every day, the sad fact is that they would not be covered by the news.  The fact that bitcoin wallet thefts garner so much press may in fact indicate that they are relatively rare.
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:58:49
That's true and will still be true, but the price of bitcoins has risen so much that it will also be break-even to GPU mine bitcoins again, if they hit $1k.
@_date: 2013-07-08 20:45:21
I'd care about this if BitInstant were actually processing transactions and responding to customer service E-Mails about lost money.
This is like complaining about being bitten by an ant after surviving a car accident.  If you bought something from BitInstant, you should be glad that you received your bitcoins and got out alive.
@_date: 2013-10-21 13:34:26
I would never recommend overclocking GPUs, because it voids the warranty.  If you're going to try this, use the stock clock speeds simply because it is much more stable.
@_date: 2013-06-23 14:36:12
Why do you need your parents to buy bitcoins for you?  Buy them yourself.
Surely you can make a few dollars by doing something.  Get a job, save your allowance, or sell some things you don't use.  You probably have used video games that you can sell at a yard sale or even walk into a Gamestop with.  They won't give you much for them, but it's more than you had for games you never play anymore.
There's no reason your parents even have to know you have bitcoins, which is part of what makes the system great.
@_date: 2013-12-12 17:41:48
If I stole my co-worker's wallet, for example, I could look up enough information in the public records to come up with a significant chance of success.  Family names, significant dates, places of residence, and other things would be invaluable.
I could combine that with social engineering: he likes Final Fantasy, so let's add "lightning" and "cid" and "crystal" to the list.
Then I could try combinations of all these terms and permutations of random characters (some people replace "s" with "$," which is not secure).  Maybe you could get the odds of recovering a wallet up from zero to 1% or even 5%.  If there are ten bitcoins in the wallet, I'll take an expected value of $100 or $500 any day.
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:43:17
Yes, you could say that.
The demand will be too high, too fast, and will cause a crash or a complete failure.
This is a strange position because bitcoins themselves have so much potential that nobody predicted the speed at which they are being adopted.  Of course, if a reasonable solution to this problem is able to be released within a month or two, then I would again be bullish.
@_date: 2013-11-16 16:15:49
I don't think that the blockchain size will ever be a serious issue.  Right now, the blockchain costs less than a dollar to store after four years.  Even if it becomes 1000 times as big right now, any small company could still afford to store it.  And you don't need redundant or backed up storage for the blockchain since there are so many copies available, further cheapening its storage.
One way to deal with the paper currency issue might be to print one-time-use bills, similar to the Cassius coins, but on cheaper paper.  The bills would have a private key in a QR code hidden by a scratch off covering.  To add them to your main wallet, you just scratch them, scan them with some app that automatically creates a transaction, and then trash them.  Or, I suppose, you could respend them without scratching off the cover.
These bills would be subject to counterfeiting just as regular money is, so online transactions would actually be safer than offline ones, which isn't the case currently with dollars. 
@_date: 2013-10-20 15:29:45
The profit is indeed from mining.  I use hashpower to mine, say, feathercoins, which have value.  Those coins are then sold for bitcoins, which I retain.
This is no different than the thousands of miners who mine bitcoins and immediately unload them for dollars.  In my case, I have no faith in altcoins but do have faith in bitcoins.  In their case, they have no faith in bitcoins but have faith in dollars.
In order from highest risk to lowest risk, we have altcoins -&gt; bicoins -&gt; dollars.  Each of us is mining something and then converting it to a lower risk investment.
@_date: 2013-10-12 12:22:59
I know the reason why I don't use localbitcoins, and it's pretty simple - it's too expensive.  The prices I see are not competitive with the marketplace.
You can go to Coinbase and buy bitcoins for $127, but in downtown State College, I see bitcoins selling for $140.
If I want bitcoins today, why would I drive into town and sit in the football traffic for 30 minutes, just to pay 15% more to deal with an untrusted person who I've never met before?
People who are downing Coinbase need to understand that localbitcoins is not even close to Coinbase, even with these changes.
@_date: 2013-12-27 15:52:56
As with all things in life, you have to make decisions based on the pros and cons.
I also disagree with the size of the military, and supported the President's efforts to end the wars.  However, I pay my taxes because the drone strikes, while often causing civilian casualties, often result in the elimination of terrorists.  I would never consider using drugs because there is absolutely no positive impact on society from using drugs.  Few people would argue that an erroneous drone strike that had an intention of accomplishing a good thing is worse than a drug dealer directly intending to eliminate his enemies.
I'll also point out that, for those who do want to smoke weed, you can either move to Colorado (which on Wednesday will be the most permissive jurisdiction in the world), or grow your own supply, which has no negative consequences.  If you're going to insist on taking drugs, then the right thing to do is to accept the risk of operating a personal growhouse so as not to support the gangs.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:18:57
I wanted to comment on this one because there seems to be a lot of criticism about Mt. Gox, and the state of exchanges, and that developers should be out there doing things.  The consensus seems to be that people are incompetent and lazy.
I do not believe that the Mt. Gox developers are lazy.  Instead, what they are doing is incredibly difficult.  When you develop a website today, you rely on a number of third-party products.  Most of your time is not spent writing code; it's spent doing *research* on how to get stuff to interact with your stuff.  When you hear stories about how Zuckerburg put up facebook in a weekend, that's because he wrote a simple program that depended upon nobody else.
Unforeseen stuff starts to happen that you don't understand.  For example, if you rely on an ORM for database accesses, it might be using subqueries to perform certain operations.  As a developer, you just call -&gt;save(), and it takes a long time.  When lots of people start hitting the site, you all of a sudden discover that you don't have access to that company's source code and you need to replace their component - because there is no way for you to know what is actually causing the delay in the save.  Now consider what happens if you CANNOT replace the component because it is a critical part of your business.
Mt. Gox isn't just some PHP script on a website.  It has to interact with databases, programming frameworks, bank APIs, wire transfer agencies, the bitcoin network, and many other systems.  The company doesn't have control over these other systems.  Since bitcoin has risen to $75 from $15 in just four months, no human can understand these other systems quickly enough to get everything working reliably together.  And you can't just throw additional programmers at the problem, because it takes six months before a developer really contributes at 100% on any project.
"Trading lag" is not a product of bugs in Mt. Gox's code.  It is a symptom of problems in the interaction between Mt. Gox and all these other components.
There has been no permanent fix in those two days of downtime, because understanding other people's code is incredibly difficult.  By the end of the weekend, the value of coins is likely to rebound back to $100 or more and this problem will occur again.
There is no way that anyone is going to be a "first mover" in the exchange market because the new company is already going to be a step behind Mt. Gox in solving these problems.  Despite people's accusations, there is nothing to suggest that developers at Mt. Gox are dumber than developers at any other company.  More importantly, there is nothing to suggest that another architecture design exists that is far superior to Mt Gox's because the other architecture will still have to interact with these other systems.
Instead, there will be incremental improvement and reduced bugs and lag as understanding of these various systems grows and Mt. Gox will continue to be the market leader as the network becomes more widely used.
@_date: 2013-06-04 15:08:55
It's difficult to call anything a "computer" unless it is Turing-complete - in other words, if it can do subtraction and branching.  A computer that can perform those two operations can compute anything that is possible to be computed.
These ASICs either do not support instructions for subtraction and branch, or they do not expose those low-level instructions to the user.  If they can't be repurposed to do anything else, then how are they any different from a huge collection of classic cars in a parking lot?  If they are all turned on, all of the cars can move many people to a different place, but they can't do anything else.  Classic cars that perform only one purpose aren't called computers.
The bitcoin network may be a supercomputer now, but if it is taken over by ASICs in the future, then it is little different than any other machine that does one thing repeatedly over and over.
@_date: 2013-11-22 18:11:08
That is true, but most people don't even know what the minimum transaction fee is.  It's not displayed anywhere in the UI and is a command-line parameter.  And it doesn't even have any effect with your own transactions (only those relayed by others).
If every node you're connected to is rejecting 0.0001 fee transactions, what does it matter if you accept 0.00009 fee transactions?  This is same the reason why flu vaccines are more effective if more people get them, because it takes two unvaccinated people to spread the flu.
@_date: 2013-11-04 04:36:06
As I said in another comment, it is probably already too late to do anything about this problem, because it could hit within weeks if there is another bubble.  At most, there are probably a few months left.
As to this size limit, I don't see why anyone even believes it's an issue.  If you compress the blockchain using common compression schemes, you can even  store it in much less space.  Some make it sound as if the size of the chain is too large, at 15GB.  It costs less than a dollar to store the entire history of every transaction that has ever happened, and people argue that making the blocksize 10 or 100 times larger is infeasible.
@_date: 2013-06-18 16:16:50
I don't understand how anyone can lose 2.4 million dollars for any reason.  If you do, you are a fool.
If I had made 2.4 million dollars, I would be selling out and spending the rest of my life doing what I want to do, drawing down the money and earning interest in safe bonds.  I might decide to spend a few thousand here and there to start a new business to supplement my income, but not any more than 5% over the course of my life.  What I wouldn't do is risk my freedom just to buy another house or yacht.
Why would someone want to risk spending the next 40 years in a cubicle from 9 to 6 every day for any reason at all?  The idea is just unimaginable to me, and that alone makes this story sound ridiculous.
@_date: 2013-11-22 15:28:23
There is one major threat to bitcoin, which is touched upon by all of your points.
You mentioned "merchant adoption" as one of the issues.  The threat isn't whether merchants adopt bitcoins, but whether they adopt them before many people have wallets.  A great threat is that, about six months from now, we hear stories of stores dropping bitcoins because nobody paid with them.  There aren't any banks yet that can safeguard balances in bitcoins and which back them up in case of theft, and it will take a while before that happens.  Normal people won't use bitcoins without banks to ensure security.
Another threat is whether the 1MB transaction limit is reached before the developers agree on a solution to the issue.  This issue is why I'm not buying bitcoins at the moment.  What if the price rises to $10k in a few months?  The transaction volume cannot be supported.  At the very least, the hardcoded 0.0001 fee would become too high.  At worst, transaction fees would rise to the point where bitcoins are more expensive than other networks, like wire transfers.
In the short term, this risk is that the developers do not release a 0.8.6 emergency patch to reduce the 0.0001 default fee.  In the medium term, the risk is that the developers do not agree upon a solution quickly enough, or a fork occurs because the developers disagree on the solution.  There is no long-term; bitcoins will be gone in 3 months if no solution is agreed upon.
A good, permanent agreement needs to be obtained to this problem - not just raising the transaction limit to 10MB so that this occurs again later in the year or deciding that SatoshiDice transactions are "spam."  For technical reasons, simply removing the 1MB limit altogether is not a valid solution.  This is a very difficult problem and it is THE major challenge for bitcoins in the coming months.
Few people understand how quickly successful technologies are adopted.  Those people who said that bitcoins won't come into wide use until 2029 are kidding themselves.  They will be see wide use or be dead a year from now.
In short, all of the problems can be summarized as the following: the major risk to bitcoins is that they grow too fast.  As many sites have shown, as soon as people have one bad experience, such as the network becoming overloaded, they won't come back.
@_date: 2013-12-12 16:53:29
This is par for the course in data recovery.
Kroll Ontrack charges $1500 for recovering a single drive with a broken spindle motor.  For a RAID, prices start at $6k.  For a RAID on RAID, like 10, prices are $10k and up.
The knowledge required to recover data is significant.  It took me four weekends from sunrise to bedtime to recover a single 12TB array once I had the data, in addition to $1700 to outside vendors for physical services.
I would imagine that this Dave has invested in a large number of GPUs for password cracking, or else he wouldn't be able to crack passwords quickly enough.
I wonder though: how does Dave determine whether these wallets are owned by the original owner?  What if someone stole a wallet and sent it to him, and then he sends 80% of the proceeds to the thief?  He could be embroiled in legal controversy and go out of business with just one incident.
@_date: 2013-06-06 14:15:46
There's a lot of articles saying that "anonymity is dead" with exchanges requiring people to provide real names and such.  What people don't understand is that you don't need anonymity.  Consider the following two scenarios:
1.  I buy a T-shirt from someone, who then uses those coins to buy drugs from someone else.
2.  I send my coins to another wallet, then use those coins to buy drugs, and then permanently delete the key to the intermediate wallet.
These two transactions are indistinguishable on the blockchain.  If you were a juror, would you be willing to take the chance of putting a completely innocent person in prison for years when there are going to be at least a few cases where  is true?  Would you stand up in front of the judge and be able to say "yes, this is my true verdict?"
It is very easy to create plausible deniability with bitcoin.  You don't need complete anonymity.
@_date: 2013-12-12 20:58:32
For karma?  Please.  I'll sell 9 karma points for $100 any day.  If you're posting to reddit solely so you can earn karma, then you might want to reconsider your motives.
@_date: 2013-10-22 13:46:32
Why do we consider SatoshiDice's transactions "spam?"  They are real transactions that represent a transfer of wealth between two people.
"Spam" is when people send useless transactions in an attempt to destroy the network without intending to transfer money.  Some people make it sound as if it is difficult to come up with a definition for spam, but the definition is simple:  is the purpose to transfer wealth?  Also, everyone can agree that the last thing SatoshiDice wants to do is destroy the network.
Ignoring the moral objection some people have to gambling, in an ideal world, the blockchain would include every single transaction of Satoshi Dice's and everyone else's legitimate transfer of wealth.
@_date: 2013-06-06 01:17:55
I agree with the advice about passwords, but the key to password strength is in "derivative" passwords:
1.  You can complicate passwords by taking the first letters of each word in a sentence, like "I married Lori in July 1990." and making ImLiJ1.  It's very easy to remember and impervious to dictionary attacks, but use a longer sentence than the example.
2.  Rather than "33tdog24d," make the password "tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttdogdddddddddddddddddddddddd."  Or, simply type a weak password three times in a row.  As long as you never tell anyone the pattern, you can make passwords orders of magnitude stronger with very simple tricks.
But also, you need to be realistic.  The advice that websites give out ("use a different password for every account") is ridiculous.  Nobody could possibly follow that advice when you have 100 accounts.  And furthermore, I could care less about facebook's stupid text message confirmation requirements and other arcane security measures - it's a social networking site, not a bank with a million dollars in it.  Sites need to have security proportional to what they are protecting and not take themselves too seriously, or else people like me get fed up with them and do what they can to get around the sytem.
I use the same strong password for all the unimportant sites, ignoring the standard advice.  I ignore password complexity policies and reuse passwords where possible.  I use different passwords for my work login, my websites, my bank accounts, and my bitcoin wallet.
Concentrate your attention on where it matters.  It simply isn't humanly possible to remember passwords for every place you've ever visited, and inputting wrong passwords as guesses to these sites so they can log them is probably just as risky.
@_date: 2013-10-10 22:28:56
I downvoted this post.  Feel free to disagree with the poster, but keep the conversation on topic.  There's no need to guess at people's emotions or hint that they have some sort of mental issue.
@_date: 2013-05-05 15:41:20
This usually depends on the amount of money you have on deposit.  If you put enough money in a retirement or brokerage account, like $100k, then they give you unlimited ATM withdrawals.  If you don't have that much money, you can pay something like $70/year and get all the benefits.
I use Janney Montgomery Scott, and they even reverse other banks' transaction fees, so you can go to any ATM in the world and pay nothing.  Don't waste your money paying fees every time you withdraw money; there are better options out there.
@_date: 2013-06-06 23:07:35
I did try these tools, but the problem is that they are only good with one computer.  When you have multiple computers and tablets, and you can't bring your tablet to work (where you have yet more passwords), the problem gets worse.
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:29:25
What I don't understand is how people can forget the pain of what happened seven months ago.  If the price ever hits $295, which is $266 plus the 10% bitinstant fees plus the 1% coinbase selling fee, I'll be out, happy to break even.
Has nobody done a search of what this forum looked like the day after the last crash?  Are they not happy with bitcoins appreciating 10 times year over year, so they try to make 20 times?
That story about the network being vulnerable is BS.  But the more significant development is that WordPress stopped accepting bitcoins.  When merchants stop accepting bitcoins, that is a red flag that shows serious concern over the future use of bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-05-12 18:10:11
I'm not sure that these other ways are a good idea, either.  The degaussers are unlikely to destroy every single byte on the drive and will likely leave some bytes untouched.  Thermite might make a hole and leave other parts untouched.  And the shredding machines would have to make the pieces smaller than ten atoms in order to prevent recovery.
And all these methods are expensive - it makes a lot more sense to use the cheapest method when that method is the most effective anyway.
@_date: 2013-11-27 14:07:25
While I appreciate your comment and you made it in good faith, I think I need to point out that it is incorrect.
The idea that you need to overwrite data 3 or 7 times originated from early hard drives.  These drives were, say, 5MB, and the tracks for the data were very wide.  When you wrote new data to the drive, it could leave the old data intact, because the new data could be offset from the old by a small distance.  Rewriting 7 times caused several data flows to be written inside the area designated for one track, creating a greater probability that at least one line of data was located in the same area as the data to be destroyed.
You can see this sometimes in old VHS tapes where data is written at different speeds (EP vs SP, for example) - and the previous recording bleeds through onto the current recording.  VHS tape heads are very wide.
Today, however, with 5TB instead of 5MB drives, the tracks are a million times smaller - only a few atoms wide.  The drives need to be so precise that, when they locate a track, they cannot deviate from it at all without writing over the next track.  When you write over a track even once, all of the atoms' magnetic properties are changed, so there is no data that remains.  Writing over a modern drive 7 times just erases the first (or second, or third) overwrite.
@_date: 2013-10-20 15:26:55
People have told me my profits will go away soon for a long time, but it hasn't happened yet.  The only way it will happen is if all the altcoins die, which to me is also a win either way.  Those who support altcoins will consider that a loss, of course.
But even if I'm making ten cents on the dollar, I'll still keep doing it because it costs less to do this than to turn on the dumb heater in my basement.
In fast, obsolete ASIC mining rigs do have value solely for this purpose, so it is unlikely their value will ever fall below the price of an electric heater.  If I ever see Jalapenos get that low, I'll pick some up and use those to heat the basement, reducing my energy costs.
@_date: 2013-04-28 13:59:57
I have a rig that mines at 80Mh, and another at 1.2Gh and another at 380Mh, and all of them are profitable.  I spend about 15Kwh of electricity per day at 7.771 cents per Kwh, and end up with around 0.09 bitcoins.  That's a profit of nearly $10 per day.  It is difficult to get a handle on how much money is saved on heating, but until the highs regularly hit the 70s during the last week of May, there is free heat as well.  I only needed to turn on the heat once this week.
There is a myth out there that GPU mining is not profitable, but that is not the case.  The numbers of bitcoins being mined look pathetic, but the price of bitcoins is so high right now that you can easily make a profit.  I computed that the difficulty needs to rise above 25 million or the price fall below $50 at the current difficulty before it is better to buy coins.
On the other hand, you won't make any money if you buy GPUs for the sole purpose of mining bitcoins.  But even now, bitcoin mining is a great way to cut the price of a massive gaming rig in half, so long as you do it within the next few days.
@_date: 2013-12-05 16:51:39
I understand what you're saying, but here's why this isn't an issue that we should just "forget" and "relax" about.
There are likely people here who take Adderall.  ADHD, which Adderall treats, is a serious condition which significantly affects people's learning abilities, concentration, and productivity.  People with the condition often try many solutions before having to take drugs, and society looks down upon people who take drugs for mental illnesses.
If you were one of the people who took Adderall because he could not control his hyperactivity, you would probably be offended because the joker made it sound as if you were faking it or chose to behave in that manner.
I'm all for joking, but I just wanted to point out that there are some jokes that are inappropriate.  I think that it's advisable to stay away from topics like this when you don't know who is on the other side of the screen.
@_date: 2013-11-22 18:05:00
The difference is that nobody loses money when you get a "too many connections" message.  You can terminate the connection and try again later.
When you're standing in front of a cash register and transactions won't confirm, you can't cancel the transaction and walk out of the store.  The transaction remains in memory forever, unless a code change is made.  You could wait for hours, have to go home without your goods, and then find that the transaction is in a block mined two days later - so you paid for something you never received.
Imagine the chaos if this issue were to occur on Black Friday and you have stores setting aside hundreds of orders for when the transactions confirm because the blocks are too small.  It would destroy the economy.
@_date: 2013-12-05 16:01:51
I don't see why this post is being upvoted.  If you have something to contribute, then reply to the post's content.  If you don't like it, then downvote it.
Throwing around insults doesn't help anyone.  There is a real person on the other end of the screen.
@_date: 2013-08-15 15:30:24
I rarely disagree as wholeheartedly as I do with this statement.
All businesses have "struggles," bitcoin or otherwise.  If the business isn't taking people's money, I don't really care.  When you are dealing in high-stakes financial trading where time is of the essence, you have an obligation to deliver the product as promised.
The reason that this litigation exists is that it protects consumers.  Were there no regulation, the sort of activity that BitInstant was ripping customers off with would have been able to continue.  This isn't a "tax."  It WAS cheating when they failed to update their website to promise longer delivery times after they recognized they could not deliver in time.  It is simply not possible that a CEO was so out of touch with his or her company that he or she did not realize how long it was taking to fulfill orders.
When I paid BitInstant for my coins, I expected to receive bitcoins at $67.50 on July 6.  They took 4 days before they replied to my order, during which the price rose to $83.00.
Fortunately, they shut down a few weeks ago.  The settlement for this lawsuit will effectively terminate whatever small hope there was to relaunch their business.  Good riddance to them, I say.
The only disappointment is that few people will ever see any money, because they will probably be forced into bankruptcy and the proceeds from the liquidation will go to creditors higher up on the chain than us.
@_date: 2013-10-07 14:14:42
It implies that there is going to be a huge crash in the bitcoin difficulty at some point, just as there was a price crash earlier.
The difficulty is going up faster than the miners can make money, so at some point, a difficulty increase is going to double or triple the difficulty, making it wildly unprofitable to mine.  Then half or more of the miners are going to shut their equipment off, and it could be months before the difficulty falls.  During that time, the network will suffer from large delays in confirmations.
People like to say there are no flaws in the bitcoin protocol, but the possibility of a difficulty crash is a huge flaw because if most people turn off their miners, there still needs to be over a thousand blocks at the old difficulty.  Since this will also affect the price, those who can predict when the difficulty is going to skyrocket and then crash stand to make some money by selling beforehand.
@_date: 2013-04-27 23:42:10
You can try what you want, but I just want to put in my word that this is dangerous stuff.
I also tried using nutritional supplements in 2006 because I had heard that sam-e improved mood and concentration.  I figured that if I took a low dose, there couldn't be much harm.
On the second day, after taking just three pills, the drug induced mania, a serious mental condition.  Years later, I found out that sam-e induced mania in many people who had never had any history of mental disorders.  Since no doctor had ever heard of these nutritional supplements, it was five months before I got a correct diagnosis, and then another two years before I was cured.  I had to quit my job, I lost most of my friends, and to this day my career is still set back by the experience I was unable to gain during that time period.
You might think that it is possible to do research on the Internet and figure out the risks of taking nootropics, but the problem is that you don't know what to research.  I spent two weeks finding out every possible side effect before taking these things, but I never researched what mania was because I didn't recognize it as being a serious condition.
If you are going to experiment with these things, only take drugs that are approved by the FDA, at least.  They have been tested on thousands of people, while amino acid supplements have few studies on their safety.  People often try to make it sound as if FDA-approved drugs are "hardcore" and nutritional supplements are like "vitamins," when the opposite is really true.
Finally, retain all receipts, packaging, and keep a log of the dosages you take, so that if you do have a serious reaction, at least you can show a doctor.  Hopefully this post won't be downvoted as one of those "I told you so" posts, because there are real issues with these supplements that people need to be aware of.  It doesn't just happen to other people, and the frequency of side effects is higher than you might think.