@_author: quo2y
@_date: 2014-07-17 13:06:42
To start you've got a few huge misunderstandings about how bitcoin works which are clouding your view.


You can't tell this. Bitcoin doesn't know about pools, what pools are, or how they are distributed. Miners are anonymous and there's absolutely no way of telling who made a block as distinct from another person without a central authority (which bitcoin does not have). As far as Bitcoin is concerned there could be one miner, a thousand miners, or a million. 
Websites like blockchain.info make a guess as to who made the block, but that is almost entirely up to trust and luck on their part. It's trivial for a miner to spoof a block to be "mined" by another person. Blockchain.info in particular shows IP addresses for blocks, but this is completely made up and not part of the protocol at all. 


Not possible in the least. The entire idea is like asking for a solution to bleeding. It's an integral part of the design of the human body, and therefor can't be "fixed" out. You will never see a "solution" to such problem. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 13:19:04


There is no donation address for p2pool. If you donate using sendmany you divide your input into hundreds of outputs and incur a huge fee in the process. Doing this on every transaction would bloat a normal transaction to tens of KB. 


@_date: 2014-07-17 12:56:45
Possibly the stupidest thing I've seen on reddit in a long time. You're encouraging people to use compromised computers to denial of service attack the front end of a pool!? I might not *like* ghash.io having a majority hashrate, but you don't buy something *completely illegal* to combat something you don't like. 
Morons like you have tried this anyway in the past. They'll keep mining on, you can't touch endpoints you can't find. Put your money into something productive like p2pool.
@_date: 2014-07-17 14:00:45
There's more to this than you think, and downvoting me isn't really the best way of getting more information about it. 
There's other issues with that beyond what you've come up with. 
* A transaction with no fee with no fee will typically not be relayed by bitcoin nodes due to the free transaction limiter. 
* The extra output would also add a huge amount of data to the block chain as a whole, which current transaction fees don't do at all. 
* The poor p2pool miner will become inundated with dust outputs which they can't spend due to them being the exact same size as a standard fee. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 11:30:23
To start you've got a few huge misunderstandings about how bitcoin works which are clouding your view. 


You shouldn't ever do this, it pollutes the unspent outputs database. 


You can't tell this. Bitcoin doesn't know about pools, what pools are, or how they are distributed. Miners are anonymous and there's absolutely no way of telling *who* made a block as distinct from another person without a central authority (which bitcoin does not have). As far as Bitcoin is concerned there could be one miner, a thousand miners, or a million. 


This can't happen with bitcoin script, and will never be possible. Scripts talk about outputs, you can't make a script which affects outputs you don't know about at the time of creation of the script. Miners are supposed to make a new address for any block anyway, and there's nothing stopping ghash.io from doing this properly in the future. 


Not in the least. The entire idea is like asking for a solution to bleeding. It's an integral part of the design of the human body, and therefor can't be "fixed" out. You will never see a "solution" to such problem. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 13:23:44
Well, you force people to register their identity and they'll all just join pools to avoid giving up their ID. You make centralization even worse by trying to force the other direction. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 12:24:53
You can't, it's a futile idea.