@_author: qwefhsdf
@_date: 2018-02-04 11:10:17
Well, so far it's worked out because the price has risen and fallen but always ended with a rise and the vast majority of investors are holding.
If either of those 2 premises fail then you will lose any money invested in bitcoin.
i.e your investment strategy, as so many do, relies on the price rising. If this doesn't happen you lose. Similarly you could still lose even if you decided today's price is $x and you want to sell them all. It doesn't follow that you will get $x does it? Selling isn't an instantaneous press of a button as it is in a trading app.
Ultimately, of course, if you bought at 12 cents and held you would have more money than continually selling and buying at a higher price. i.e the buy/sell thing has been losing you money, even if you are still in profit. You've lowered your profit.
@_date: 2018-02-04 13:57:52
It's not advice. It's talking about history not the future.
And stop being so melodramatic. If this guy loses money it'll be from his own hubris not from 'advice'
@_date: 2018-02-01 08:52:40
@_date: 2018-02-04 11:45:08


I didn't. You showed it with your posts. If anyone is trying to insult intelligence here it's you insulting ours with your delusionary posts telling us how smart you are making money from "stupid people"


Well, you keep selling. So clearly you aren't that convinced about the future price. Because selling when the price rises later is throwing money away.
And making "thousands" is kinda of laughable. If you were truly smart here you should have made millions. The rate bitcoin rose you could have begged or borrowed money.
So clearly you're not that smart and you're not that sure. You're good at hindsight and you've made less money than a decent programmer which, yes, given your nous is probably more than you could have expected with a job.


Yes, it's true of anything finance related and, of everything else about the future too.
@_date: 2018-02-04 11:32:36


Don't be silly. The history shows that the price has risen. You haven't intelligently spotted booms, they've just been happening.
Jeez, you will lose your money if you think you were "smart" to make money with bitcoin. The price rose thousands of percent over an incredibly short time - any useless cunt on the planet could win buying it.
Those 2 squared headed twins became "billionaires" for a short time, that should tell you how much nous you needed. They were outwitted quite easily by Zuckerberg. 


Yes, but if you keep throwing your money back in you will lose it eventually. The bubble will burst, maybe it already has.
Point being (a) You've lost money by selling and buying back at a higher price, maybe you feel this has hedged your bets, but it certainly shows that you don't have any great insight, and (b) You have no more idea than anyone else what the future holds and (c) You're most definitely not smarter than anyone else.


Well, what it means is, the next time you see the price at, whatever, say $50000 a bitcoin and you hit 'sell' the price could be $0 before you've sold them if you can find anyone to buy them at all. This is a crash. You keep saying "I've had no problems" - well, no, up until now it's been really, really easy to make money with bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-04 12:06:09
What are you waffling about salt for? Are you ten? Your behaviour here is ironic for someone who has deluded himself that he's super smart.
You're not smart for example if bitcoin or crypto is your only investment. Most definitely not if you only have 1 crypto.
In answer to your question about how other investors aren't the same, it's because they realise they don't know the future and they diversify their investments and they typically don't kid themselves they are the smartest guy in the room when they buy something where the price goes through the roof.
You want to show you're smart, tell everyone what they should buy other than bitcoin or crypto. And make sure it's not nvidia, amazon or google either. i.e if you're so wise and insightful why are you talking about the past to demonstrate that and not the future? Hmm?
You're basically a buffoon who sold bitcoin and after you did the price went up. You're not Warren Buffett. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 13:58:53


Yes and no. It's not typically sound investment advice to put all your money into one single risk.


Well exactly. The thread wasn't about a sane, logical investor though. Quite the opposite.
@_date: 2018-02-04 10:55:20
The problem is, that works in hindsight. In the future there's every chance that you will get stuck with bitcoin you can't sell even though nominally the price is high, and the price will crash further and further down and you can't find a buyer either because new buyers don't exist or every other cunt that thinks they are smart has flooded the market with their bitcoins and you're behind them in the queue.
The transaction delays you hear about would only serve to compound this potential issue, especially if the price is really volatile.
@_date: 2018-02-01 09:04:26
"Speculative Bitcoin Adoption/Price Theory" - translated "I drew a table where the price just goes up and up in the future"
@_date: 2018-02-01 09:00:00
Ah, maybe not then. I picked up most of my Mandarin from eating take outs.