@_author: qwernakus
@_date: 2013-07-31 22:58:02
I believe the 800.000 fact and knife law has been adressed. The rest:
Im surprised you dont recoil at the fact that we have the highest taxation pressure in the human world. There is several issues connected to it: First off, the moral one. Is it really fair to rob a person of more than half of what they own? Less than half of what a man produces is left to him and his family. The rest is taken from him by means of force and threats of violence. Secondly, there is the economic issue. Having the highest taxation level in the world leads to an incompetitive economy. Ceteris Paribus, we have to do everything a lot better just to keep our jobs because money is siphoned away from the people who spend it best - those who earned it. The government does not create growth - it hinders it. Low competitiveness means lower growth, and lower growth means less money for hospitals, jobs, child aid, and most importantly, the following of dreams.
Government surveilance is rising in that they are using additional funds to do it and laxing laws that prohibit them from doing it. The already mentioned law that allows them to enter private property without warrant is one of them (and a major one at that). Another is the increased traffic surveilance, among these the "totalkontrol", the like of which has never been seen before. I do believe that government has also increased its powers through the new "offentlighedslov" (law of public access), by limiting appealoptions in tax courts, etc etc...
About cars: Its a little below 300% when you count all the creative ways money is siphoned away from you. Registration taw, weight tax, value added tax... The problem is that its absurd that such an amount is taken from you. You pay a man 1 apple for an orange, and then someone puts a gun in your face and charges you 3 apples for making that trade. Its the same deal as with the other taxation problem - its immoral and robbery.
For starters, specific tastes of cigarettes are prohibited, and E-cigarettes are under strict control.
It prevents people from getting apartments. It prevents the market from equalizing supply and demand, and means that not enough appartments are in supply. Even worse, every day, lots of people would be willing to shake hands on paying a bit more for the apartment than they are legally allowed to - imagine it, two people shaking hands, freely and willingly - and those people are considered criminals for an act that harms noone.
@_date: 2013-07-31 13:22:54
Im sorry for my aggressive post. Im just so very tired of these views on the party - we're being demonized and lied about by most because we're about the only party that consistently wants to lower taxes significantly in our country (and move responsibility from state to individual). We've seen a surge of membership, and our views are gaining general traction especially among the youth, and I believe the socialist party's fear this development.
We've had a growth of around 0,5% for the past many years. 800.000 of danes in the working age live off welfare checks (in a country with 5.5 million total population). Our taxation level is the highest in the world. Government power and surveillance is growing fast. There's laws and taxes for everything: what kind of dog races that are allowed, a 300% tax on cars, what kind of cigarettes are allowed, you're not allowed to stop for gas with your fishing knife in the trunk, the government decides what you can charge for renting out your apartment, etc...
The scandinavian model is hell. Personal liberty and responsibility is eroded. We can fix it, but for some reason the danes I otherwise hold so dear and who are so resouceful are hard to convince.
@_date: 2013-07-31 12:43:56
They're absolutely not extreme at all. Im a member myself, and I dare you to convince any redditors here that the party is extreme. It isnt.
Within the context of Denmark, its a libertarian party. Within the context of the US, its a socialist party. Within the context of the EU, its somewhere inbetween. They believe in an incometax-level of 40%, fewer taxes overall, about 5% reduction in the amount of government employed, greater personal freedom (including legalization of marijuana and removal of silly laws such as the one that put a guy who get put cleaned his rain drains in a way the authorities deemed risky. His own rain drains!).
EDIT: They have also opposed a law that is currently in effect that allows the tax authorities to walk about your domecile property without a warant and only suspicion. And a law recently passed by the government that greatly limited transparency in legislation. :ENDEDIT
They do not want to destroy the Scandinavian Model, nor are they copying the US. They want to trim it and make it more effective, but believe me, 40% income tax is still plenty for what you want of services :)