@_author: qwerty4ever
@_date: 2017-12-12 03:50:46
I was able to do it on my new S9s by modifying the /config/bmminer.conf file.  I'm sure there is probably a write up on how do this if you don't know how.  I just used ssh and vi to make the changes myself.
Add the following lines:
"bitmain-fan-ctrl" : true,
"bitmain-fan-pwm" : "xxx",
Change xxx to the speed percentage you want.  You could probably put this anywhere but I put it above the line "bitmain-use-vil".
After you do this, reboot and you can check this by looking at the kernel log on the webpage.  You should see these lines:
Set fixed fan speed=xxx
FAN PWM: xxx
read_temp_func Done!
where xxx is the fan speed percentage you put in the config file.
This worked fine for me even on the latest November firmware with the auto-tune S9s.  Good luck!
@_date: 2017-12-26 21:20:43
Glad you got this figured out and thanks for making the directions!!!  I had been on vacation over the holidays and just didn't have time to respond with better directions.
To make it a little simpler, you can eliminate the cd and chmod commands.  The chmod command you're using makes the file executable as well which you don't need.
Simply logging in and issuing the command:
vi /config/bmminer.conf
will get you into vi where you need to be, and instead when in the vi editor of using :wq, do instead
The w! will override file permissions (you're root anyway, file permissions don't really matter.)
I was as little surprised about why you were worrying about 80 degree temps though.  The overheat shutoff is at 115 and from what I've seen elsewhere running them in the 90s - 100 is fine.  I have mine all set to run a max of 100.  Now on my L3+'s they have a cutoff at 80 and I try to keep them max in the low 70s.  What's funny is I have some set to 60 all the way up to 90 to get the same temps, even on the same TH/s model.  I can't really feel much difference though from the fans so I guess some of it may be the difference in the quality of fans between the many different brands they use.