@_author: r00ib0s
@_date: 2014-03-22 13:06:33
Precisely. There is a lot of confusion about this, which is not surprising, because these are subtle philosophical issues that need to be untangled carefully. And part of doing this is to carefully and accurately define one's terms.
There is a difference between "inherent" (=intrinsic) and "objective". Something can have inherent *properties*, but it cannot have inherent *value*—but it can have *objective* value. Why?
Oil had its intrinsic properties for millions of years, but it was not valued by humans, because they had not thought of a useful application of this dirty, gooey, black stuff yet—they had not invented internal combustion engines yet. In fact, oil was *disvalued* by humans, and it lowered the value of farmland—until it was discovered that oil could be used as fuel for internal combustion engines. At that point, to people who valued technological progress and profit, oil became valuable. The context of internal combustion engines makes oil objectively valuable for a particular purpose. But to some environmentalists, who have radically different purposes, oil is a disvalue.
So one needs to distinguish between "properties" and "value". Something can have inherent properties, but whether those properties are valuable, necessarily implies an answer to Ayn Rand's question: Of value to whom, and for what purpose?
The term "objective" implies a certain relationship between consciousness and reality. In particular, it describes the relationship of a consciousness aligned with reality (whereas the term "subjective" describes the relationship of a consciousness *not* aligned with reality). As Francis Bacon said, "Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed." So objectivity is always contextual—the relationship between a subject (a consciousness) and an object (an aspect of reality, that is being observed by a consciousness).
The term "inherent", by contrast, refers to a property of a thing that is independent of context, independent of observers. For example, the chemical element "gold" has 79 protons and its melting point is 1064ºC. Those are inherent properties, regardless of whether someone observes them, or values them for a particular purpose.
Bitcoin has certain inherent *properties*, such as the protocol's ability to generate decentralized consensus. But whether those properties have objective *value* for a particular person for a particular purpose, depends on the person and the purpose they are seeking to achieve.
In conclusion: Nothing has inherent (intrinsic) value, though it may have objective value to a particular living entity for a particular purpose. Bitcoin's inherent properties are potentially of great objective value to certain people for specific purposes. In fact, Bitcoin's properties make it of potentially far greater value than gold for use cases such as store of value, medium of exchange, decentralized payment network, censorship resistance, worldwide transferability, its electronic digital nature, etc.
@_date: 2014-06-07 05:25:48
Johann Gevers here. We put an extreme emphasis on quality. We're not going to release something that isn't well-tested and exceeds people's expectations. And we're not going to do a ton of marketing before we are confident about a release date. Our current expectation is a beta release in the first quarter of 2015.
@_date: 2014-03-28 18:03:49
You can use Custom House to send money cheaply worldwide: 
Or you can use regular international wire transfers, which cost about USD 30, regardless of the amount.
Bitcoin transfers are fairly expensive, if you're doing a complete roundtrip, in other words, first buying, then selling Bitcoin, to exchange from USD to CHF.
The best Bitcoin exchange service in Switzerland is Bitcoin Suisse: 
I know them personally, and they've been excellent for many friends and businesses I know.
If you need further pointers, contact me at johann
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:14:50
Hi Gary
Thanks for your kind words about OT and Monetas. I'd be happy to send you more info. Just give me an email address, and I'll shoot something over to you.
@_date: 2013-12-26 10:54:27
@_date: 2013-05-01 04:14:30
Actually, Fellow Traveler (Chris Odom) and I started up a company, Monetas, a year ago to further develop and commercialize OT. We've made excellent progress. Our first products are coming soon. We're growing our team. Email me at johann for more info.
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:04:00
FYI, Monetas recently successfully closed their first funding round.
@_date: 2013-04-10 02:48:27
Congratulations on your foresight in being one of the early Bitcoiners!
As you suggest, what Bitcoin really urgently needs to succeed is better infrastructure:
- Better SECURITY (theft-proof wallets, unforgeable transactions and balances)
- Better PRIVACY (your money is your business)
- Better SPEED (instant settlement, instead of waiting 10-60 minutes)
- Better COST (profitable off-blockchain microtransactions)
- Better USERFRIENDLINESS (so your grandma can use it)
But more—beyond the basic Bitcoin currency, we need:
- The whole spectrum of FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (cash, cheques, payment plans, basket currencies, securities exchanges, futures and options, etc.)
- ESCROW functionality
- scriptable SMART CONTRACTS
- profitable RESOURCE ALLOCATION for p2p networks
- UBIQUITOUS INTEGRATION across all platforms, all devices, all services, all contexts
- CONVERTIBILITY between all currencies, all asset types
- DECENTRALIZED EXCHANGES that cannot be stopped.
If Bitcoin is to survive and thrive and remake the world, we need all the above infrastructure improvements.
The open-source Open-Transactions (OT) platform developed by Fellow Traveler
(see 
and the commercial Monetas products built on OT (see 
offer all the above extensions to the Bitcoin ecosystem, and more.
I'll send you more details privately.
We're at the dawn of a new era. Onward and upward!
@_date: 2013-12-26 10:56:48
He'll be posting new demo videos very shortly.