@_author: r4507
@_date: 2014-11-10 20:29:23
I signed up with Changetip and made a deposit just to participate in this. 
Tipping is a heck of a way to spread the word about Bitcoin! Moreover, it does so in such a way people actually seek out information and want to know what Bitcoin is rather than just politely pretend to listen when told how great it is. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 19:05:21
Exactly - it depends on how hard they're willing to look to find that one area that you likely missed. --- and if someone is asking how to mix/launder BTC they're likely not a crypto expert capable of ensuring that every single technical detail is correct. - piss off local cops... maybe/maybe not that they'll find it... catch the attention of the FBI/NSA... much... much more likely. 
@_date: 2014-11-11 14:13:06
I think this is a great idea. Figuring out twitter changetip now and will post a tip shortly.
On a related side note.....
As soon as facebook integration is setup/complete we should have a  day. Besides being one of the most popular celebrities on Facebook, he also does incredible work from a charity perspective for the LGBT community (and in general) ... also he was Sulu on Star Trek. 
@_date: 2014-11-11 14:05:35
From what I can tell, the fee is just a 1% withdraw fee... so if it stays within Changetip (receive a tip, send a tip) then no fees. If you want to cash out, then you are essentially giving Changetip a 1% gratuity for facilitating the service.  (which is incredibly reasonable IMHO)
Edit: the 1% will start in January
@_date: 2014-09-06 14:15:21
You realize this is essentially broadcasting "Hey I'm probably doing something illegal... but seriously FBI, don't pay any attention to me... "
I think it more comes down to how bad someone wants to get you. TOR is one of the best ways to stay anon online, but they managed to track and shutdown the first silk road.  If you attract enough attention to justify a high enough level investigation, you will get caught.... if its just local jurisdiction, then maybe not so much... still a bad idea though. 
@_date: 2014-08-07 22:45:48
I know this is a bit of an idealistic response, but here are a couple possibilities of long term widespread adoption that would impact the average joe. 
Consider this possibility as a universal currency. Imagine taking a trip to another country and being able to pay with the same means that you could where you live - without paying massive exchange fees both ways.  Likewise, in case you don't ever plan to travel, if tourists visit from another country, then I would think that they are likely to spend more if they don't have to convert their currency (with fees) first. 
Every country with a physical currency spends a small fortune (no pun intended) printing their money, not to mention the environmental impact of using resources to create a physical representation of a value store. - Bitcoin could potentially eliminate most if not all of these expenses. (again, idealistic in the extreme... but we're talking what is possible, not what is likely)
@_date: 2014-09-29 19:00:34
Personally, I like web wallets for quick buying of BTC and the app for Coinbase when using it to shop. I don't usually have more than 1btc at a given time so given that both Coinbase and Circle are insured my risk of loss is a lot higher from price fluctuations than from Coinbase/Circle getting hacked.  If you are looking to store a lot though, then you would want to make sure that you control the private keys to your wallet or (as others stated earlier) at least use multi-sig. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 18:49:04
Personally, I think that this is the best thing to happen to the mining community in a long time. BFL got away with their crap for WAY too long. It's about time that the FTC show that just because you're working in cryptocurrency doesn't mean you can rip people off forever with impunity.  - About damn time. Hopefully this will discourage similar behavior from other other manufacturers of mining equip that this kind of blatant disregard for the law (and their customers) will not be tolerated and they will get shut down.