@_author: r_sholes
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:47:02


Neither did you. You've stated that misattribution is wrong - and that's, of course, not controversial. But then you claim that a log of actions in a repository has primality over the actual enclosed text of license and copyright, and that's unsupported and goes against common sense and common practice.
If you're correct, for example, then Google's and Node.js lawyers are sleeping at their jobs, since updates to included copy of V8 source are "authored" by node.js maintainers and don't mention Google at all. If you're going to assume that the Git log is the primary source here without consulting actual including LICENSE file, then it'd be equally rational to assume that they might be committing their work from an internal repository in huge batches and therefore are the "authors" of V8.
Worse, everyone in similar situation including Bitcoin Cash here would be in a weird superposition where they're so stupid that they distribute at once a version where they blatantly misappropriate the code through Git, and a version where the only source for authorship claims is in the license files and therefore the authorship is preserved.
Despite things you hear about tricky loopholes in laws, if your case is based on blatantly anti-common sense premise like the Schroedinger's misattribution here, you likely don't have a case.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:00:34
Git commit's "author" field does not, and cannot, unconditionally imply an authorship claim. If it were, then you couldn't start a project using a bunch of open source libraries and make the first commit with the message saying simply "Initial commit" instead of listing each library's authors without "misrepresenting authorship".
The author of that contribution is pretty clearly "Bitcoin Core team", as listed in file headers. Bitcoin Core team, through MIT license, permits anyone to copy, modify and merge the code under sole condition of preserving the Bitcoin Core's copyright notice and license. The notice has a definite attribution of copyright, and there's no requirement for further attribution as a condition for merging the code.
@_date: 2017-09-12 00:54:01
That wouldn't work if I use more than one library, and also misattributes *my* work to "Code from libfoo.com"
Anyways, I wouldn't do anything so silly since appropriate licenses and copyright notices make it clear who's authored what.
@_date: 2017-09-12 01:22:26
I've been talking about Node.js repo in another thread, and it seems those guys just dropped every dependency into deps/ subtree one day in a single commit labeled simply "import full versions of dependency libraries! "
If it's good enough for Joyent, it's good enough for me.
^^^What's ^^^submodules, ^^^tho.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:07:32
You'll have hard time arguing that transient Git commit log, which won't even be present in distributed copies of the software, has more bearing than permanent copyright notice in COPYING and headers.
I'll pose the same question here as I did elsewhere:
If I start a new project utilizing a bunch of MIT licensed libraries, and my first commit message reads simply "Initial commit", am I now "claiming authorship" of all those libraries?
@_date: 2017-09-11 21:25:17
Nobody denies his, or anyone else's, authorship. Making a Git commit doesn't imply authorship claim or copyright reassignment. The attribution of code to Bitcoin Core team is still present, as required by the license.
By allowing his code to be included under MIT license, Greg granted the whole world a permission to "... copy, modify, merge ..." it under the only condition that "The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software."
Now he goes back and says that Bitcoin Cash team can't merge this code without an additional condition of mentioning specific authors.
@_date: 2017-09-12 00:46:46
Either the commits are under the same MIT license, and then they are available to use under same "just include this notice" condition; or the whole Bitcoin project (as well as many others) is in a dangerous state where any previous contributor can bring whole thing down if they didn't explicitly agree to this license.
Even `git clone`ing the Bitcoin repo wouldn't be covered by overall MIT license in that case, since you'd be copying and Github would be distributing commits where the author didn't grant the permission to do so.
Care to point out the part of Bitcoin license making specific exception for `git clone`?


Wat. [Here]( is the commit updating V8 to 5.9.211.37. Both reviewers and the author are employees of Joyent and have no relation to Google. The only place original authors of V8 are mentioned is Github's issue tracker, which is as external to Git's commit log as the COPYING/LICENSE files.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:50:22
With all the copied commits still referencing the original author in the actual copyright notice? Most likely not.
There is no "US Copyright Act of 1968", current US Copyright Act comes from 1976, and it's not big on moral rights in general. There is no passage 195A in it, either. What are you talking about?
If you're talking about AU Copyright Act, then you can throw everything you just read away, because section 195 applies to "literary, dramatic or musical", "artistic" and "cinematographic" works, but has no provisions for computer programs. Even if there were, you'd again have hard time arguing that mandatory COPYING file is less prominent and authoritative than optional Git commit log.
@_date: 2017-10-31 12:15:38
Weren't they supposed to have some custom layer for microtransactions and a miner pool to finalize the transactions by putting them on the blockchain in batches?
Fees don't matter if you're mining your own transactions.
@_date: 2017-09-12 01:13:16
But nobody claims Bitcoin Cash wrote those files; I mean, I can look at those files and see "(c) 2009-2016 Bitcoin Core team" plain as day.


You claim that the commits are copyrighted separately. Either they're under MIT license and the attribution required by the license is in the COPYING file; or they're unlicensed/licensed under separate license, and then there has to be clarification as to how this permits copying the commits when cloning the repository.
I thought we've already agreed that it isn't necessary to mention an author of properly licensed copyrighted work in the commit message, otherwise Bitcoin Core is in trouble as well since it includes copyrighted OpenSSL binary in its initial commit without properly attributing it in the commit message.


Why? It's worse - Joyent is claiming authorship of whole batches of commits at once.
If there was a chance for Google Legal to take an issue with this, Joyent Legal would've blocked integrating v8 (and other contents of deps/ subtree) in the source tree in the first place. It's a common practice to integrate and update dependencies like that. You're claiming that whole industry's lawyers were sleeping all this time.
@_date: 2016-05-05 19:47:22
RemindMe! September 19th "Tulip Trust Grand (or not) Reveal"
@_date: 2016-05-05 15:01:00


Even leaving aside circumstantial evidence like his phantom doctorates and supercomputers, or that weird leaked collection of back-dated Satoshi memorabilia... What do you call someone who starts a business by promising people a huge bitcoin stash, custom software and tax credits for developing said software, and then leaves ATO investigating him for tax fraud, investors scrambling to recover even 10 cents on a dollar, and BTC, software and tax credits nowhere to be found?
I was split 10/90 between "it would be funny if he was actually Satoshi" and "he's going to say 'you guys are rude, screw you'" after he stalled for time with his "extraordinary proof" post, and he didn't fail to meet the expectations.
@_date: 2016-05-03 10:39:28
~~It's even better: it looks like the man who's supposed to be the creator of Bitcoin can't even be arsed to write his own verify.sh script, opting instead to modify someone else's and introducing $signature/$signiture typo in the process.~~
~~[Check this out]( and note how that script's header seems to be pretty generic, but [doesn't actually appear anywhere on the Web]( except for that gist (and now Wright's screenshot).~~
Scratch that. Mea culpa, I skimmed the article and didn't notice he links to scripts' author. Now I feel stupid.
Still not as stupid as a crypto expert who consistently misspells "signature" and considers screenshots of Notepad a good way to share source code, though.
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:52:00
Why does he have to do that?
He might be dead, he might be imprisoned, he might have lost all keys in a fire, he might be in coma, he might be peacefully living somewhere in the wilderness with no care in the world, he might be watching this and laughing his pants off. He might even be Craig Wright trolling everyone, because why not?