@_author: racingking
@_date: 2018-11-22 06:09:06
No, I'm not here to warn anybody, I have a few bitcoins, which I am holding long term! Was mostly talking in response to the guy who said it was not an investment, which might be true, but it seems like most people treat it as such, so wanted to know their POV. 
@_date: 2018-11-21 19:58:55
Just curious though...would you put all your money into bitcoin ? Sure the idea is great, fuck the banks, but isn't it true that a really good portion of people are treating bitcoin like an investment or a get rich quick etc?
Sure, ideally it would be great to have this decentralised system, but I don't like the idea that it is possible my money could disappear into basically nothing in a few months. Sure, HODL and all that, but my bills can't really wait to pay themselves if its in a huge dip - I just don't see how at its current state, that is supposed to work.
@_date: 2018-11-26 08:37:06
Good points all around in your replies, it's a shame too many can't see them. You're 100% right that this thing was a great idea that has been overtaken by greed and scamming.
I must admit I am a little shocked at the mentality here - if you disagree with bitcoin rising to the all powering currency, then you must be new to the internet, and they send you to some 101 on Bitcoin as if they themselves have all the answers and you're just too stupid to see it.
I must say I find it a little odd that some are saying how useful of a currency it is, how safe and secure, and all of this - at the same time its like, oh its crashing to hell, but hold on to it. I mean come on. Sure it might go up and be a currency we can all use, but when? And at its current state where its basically a crazy wild west out there...
@_date: 2018-11-21 21:01:53
What is it then? A good portion of the users treat it as such, despite whatever the original intention was. The price fluctuates unbelievably, 20k last year is now worth less than 5k, why would I put my money into that as my day to day spend? If I put in $100k a year ago, I'd be feeling a little bit scared right now. Sure it might go up, it also might not. Something else might come up that is better than Bitcoin. We don't know. Are you going to gamble savings on that?
Don't get me wrong, I like bitcoin, but do you have all your money in Bitcoin? My guess is you have some money in the bank like most people. I haven't been able to buy anything I need with it yet, and there's no way I would put a significant amount of money into it unless I was treating it like a (risky) investment.
&amp;