@_author: radims
@_date: 2014-06-09 15:33:04
Our media project is born today:
Here the opening statement:
Revolutionaries, activists, disobedient, Integrals, creators, movers, dreamers, free, committed, resistant, networked and selfmanaged. The choice of disobedience as our path is what moved us to organize ourselves and create spaces which are autonomous and free from oppression.
Our strategy was born on February 2013 with the protection of the freedom of those who have already disobeyed and who are feeling harassed by the mechanisms of power.
This is how RADI began, as a collective structure for the protection and defense of activists committed to the radical transformation of society.
Now we want to step forward with strength and be more proactive. We already know that one of the most powerful ways to protect those who are fighting is to disseminate news of their actions. This is why RADI is starting off in the field of information.
Springing from a spirit of rebellion, from everywhere, anywhere and nowhere. A quality media , because being an activist does not mean giving up being a journalist. An independent media, because being a journalist does not mean giving up being a revolutionary. To unlearn everything that we were taught which tore us apart. To make visible what unites us in diversity. For the common good, not the good of the State, or the 1% To remember that there is only one earth, of which all the creatures that inhabit it are equally a part. To narrate the events from other worlds that are being built. To discover new technologies that can help us in our liberation. To network with other media anywhere in the world. To build a shield against repression, whilst we empower our self-organization. That’s why we are announcing that a new media is born.
RADI.MS A new world from the Integral Revolution.
First articles:
   *  Cherán K´eri. Celebrating three years of autonomy. 
   *  Disappear 500 million debt of Chilean students. The artist Francisco “papas fritas” confessed and self-reported. 
   *  The Tax Resisters movement in USA. 
  *   Disobedience is not the problem of our society, but civil obedience. Report of the borderless economic Disobedience second Meeting. 
   *  Currencies, the creation of money and the redistribution of wealth. 
   *  Towards a self managed Senior organization. 
  *   Integral cooperatives network. Report of the borderless integral cooperative third meeting 
   *  Come Back. A story we wrote together. //
@_date: 2014-07-18 15:28:54
This Cooperative its the same that endorses Darkwallet project 
@_date: 2014-07-18 15:26:47
The Coopfunding platform accepts bitcoin but dont have yet introduced a bitcoin plugin therefore the process is manual
1. You chosse the colaboration value in euros.
2. You can fill the form for collaborations by other ways of payment (not credit card)
3. You will receive an email with information of different ways for make the collaboration
4. The bitcoin adress for this campaign is 1Pbv1QyYkz1rQAaKTBnvuodLhYZaVhBQXc
(the same that you can see in the CIC website:  )
@_date: 2013-12-20 23:05:31
Today we published a post about Cooperativa integral Catalana accepting donations in bitcoin
@_date: 2013-12-20 16:17:38
Okcoin have same problems with diposits and perhaps less nonchina clients (who not withdrawal). Otherwise in  
you can see other big exchanges like huobi.com and chbtc.com with bigger prices that btcchina because are accepting diposits 
@_date: 2013-12-20 18:27:21
what do you need to confirm? 
btckan.com is the most refered site for chinese exchanges
and for example  have the same data about volume.
If you ask about deposit, i said this
And nobody has declared that this is not fair. Anyway i think volume data is the better confirmation that deposits are going on!