@_author: radicaldog
@_date: 2018-01-16 12:00:50
Gold can be used for jewelry and science, neither of which applies to crypto. So that will always have intrinsic value.
A stock that doesn't pay dividends has no intrinsic value. Tesla are just like crypto in that regard. Apple stock eventually paid dividends, though, so I guess it's possible that Tesla could one day too.
@_date: 2018-01-17 00:38:52
I literally say that currencies don't have intrinsic value in my post, besides whatever use you have for the paper they're printed on. Bitcoin also has no intrinsic value. This is factual, not an opinion. That doesn't mean it doesn't have value, since of course you can procure goods and services with it!
Whether that dissuades people or not is a personal decision. I'm totally fine with other people putting their money into BTC, but I'm not going to as I am not comfortable with the relative instability combined with the no intrinsic value. (Either alone would be OK to me, but not together). More power to those who have the faith, but I think there are two good sides to this debate and neither is objectively correct. It's a matter of your own values after a point.
@_date: 2018-01-16 11:52:01
It doesn't have an intrinsic value, whereas a share might be worth $1/year in dividends. Crypto is worth exactly what other people think it is, and not a cent more. If everyone else thinks it's worth nothing, then that's exactly what it's worth.
@_date: 2018-01-16 12:46:59
Let's put it another way. If you never sell your asset, what can you do or what does it give you? With gold, that's jewelry and science. With most shares, it's receiving a dividend every year or so.
Crypto, and Tesla shares, have no implicit value because if you just have them and can't sell them then you get *nothing*. Even regular currency doesn't have intrinsic value - you can have a million Zimbabwean dollars, but that's not going to help you if the currency collapses.
You can't just choose to have a different opinion on a technical term definition. "Intrinsic value" is a specific term, and it's totally separate from "market value".
Once you understand, you can go back to being condescending to people except with better information.