@_author: radkiin
@_date: 2014-02-05 20:36:07
I wont downvote but I will reply.


When people get fiat money, many try to find ways to prevent that money from decaying: not from spending it all immediately. So they get certain investments or buy gold and silver. Those that don't tend to have so little money that they don't want to risk investments and as a result are stuck in the bottom rungs of the economic ladder. 
If a person wanted to simulate buying goods with bitcoin at no future loss, they would via the internet buy the same amount of bitcoins that they just spent on some good. The hoarding we see is a result of minimal, yet expanding, utility for Bitcoin's growth. It's not a true currency, yet.


As mentioned, little else to do other than risking the day trade market for alt coins at the moment. Purchases have been expanding and the liquidity of bitcoin as a medium of exchange for goods and services has been on the rise. 


Which is a very major thing.


And this is only looking at one frame of the picture. Bitcoin drops and then other people capitalize on the drop and it returns. 
If a person were hypothetically dealing with a good, that costs 0.5 BTC, that they can only buy in bitcoin that they want, and the average holding cost of he BTC they hold was acquired at a cost of 900 per coin and currently it's value is around 800 per coin: they would simply at that moment purchase 0.5 BTC for 400 dollars and by that good: leaving them no worse of "investment" wise as before. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 01:00:11
This number keeps changing, 30%, 70%, 90%, 98%, nor does it make sense.
1/12th of all bitcoins currently in existence are owned by "Satoshi", is bitcoin 50% "premined"?
Quarkcoin never finishes mining. Every year an additional 1 million coins are available to mine. It is an inflationary crypto to ensure that to some degree there is always use in mining, however said inflation is still significantly less than USD inflation. The early mining was to ensure distribution, not containment. Because a crypto can't gain value if it isn't being circulated: much of the "pre-mined" quarks were already traded off more than once to pay the initial mining costs. The frame of the mining for quarkcoin is actually the opposite of bitcoin in how the algorithm and feasibility of mining works.
An individual with normal tech is going to be able to mine quarks in 2016. The notion of what a mining rig for bitcoins would look like in 2016 is ridiculous, of which only a heavily invested few could afford. 
Consider finding your info of alt's outside of the BTC-e trollbox. 
@_date: 2013-12-27 06:24:13


I'm not quite sure you know what guns are. 
A revolver chambered in .357 is clearly smaller than a Ruger 10/22, but the wound it would leave would be devastating compared to the .22LR rounds of the Ruger rifle. A gun's "size" has nothing to do with it's magazine capacity unless said magazine is non-detachable and tubular. But if you pride your nations laws on the fact that you and your governemnt thinks 1980's Hollywood movies are realistic depictions of how guns work, so be it. 