@_author: radonculous
@_date: 2013-04-20 02:30:25
What you're referring to is a CSRF(cross-site request forgery) attack. 
Coinbase, and most sites, use CSRF tokens to prevent that.
Ideally you're using 2-factor authentication to login. Once they offer 2-factor authentication for *coin transfers* I'll be happy.
@_date: 2013-04-20 03:20:22
That's for login-based 2factor authentication--not transaction-based.
Right now they use Authy. It's a rolling code generated every 20 seconds. If the code is required for every transaction they wouldn't be able to send anything to their account. 
@_date: 2013-04-20 01:32:44
I haven't had a problem sending bitcoins so I can't speak to that. I just sent coins a few minutes ago too.
One thing to keep in mind is that bitcoin went viral right around the same time coinbase launched new products. They were 2 people a few weeks ago. Hiring, especially in a security sensitive company like bitcoin, is extremely tough. Confirming the high transaction volume that they're having is also extremely tough. You have to forge relationships with miners. When ASICs come along that will go away.
The shared wallet idea has tradeoffs. If you manage your own wallet and private keys you run the risk of being sloppy. Keyloggers and bitcoin-specific trojans are going to be hitting in full force. I don't run Java or Flash anymore. I'm even scared to visit bitcoin sites lest a 0day vulnerability is dropped on there and we all get hacked. If you think this can't happen, look at this: 
You can say that you'd be more careful and use paper wallets and back them up in safety deposit boxes...but you probably won't.
By comparison, you run the risk of having your BTC stolen by a hack at coinbase. They're a high profile target and I've actually wondered about their physical security(see:  ). Physical attacks aside, assuming they safely store the majority of funds in cold storage, they would be able to recover from a hack and still pay out users for missing funds. Coinbase will, inevitably, be hacked. It happens to every company. Hopefully they have systems in place to prevent mass thefts. Being a ycombinator company and insanely profitable I'm sure they'll be hiring some top notch security guys to run their security. They're not idiots.
For now, I trust them to store my money more than I trust myself.