@_author: ragnar_sangfroid
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:45:42
This is just another opportunity to get rich like everyone was wishing they had when they saw how high some of these prices went. Its a second chance. Use it wisely. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 04:38:26
The lesson in your post is important. I think you should attribute equal focus to the fact that this very point also exposes the fact that not only bitcoin can solve the problems aforementioned, which fiat is inadequate at solving. The underlying technology Bitcoin uses, and inspires, however, has much more value. 
Yes, we are at a precipice where the alleged “bubble” may very well be the needle instead. It is paramount to understand though, that we are also at a precipice where technology is reaching into our financial systems in very novel ways for the first time ever. The problems that can be solved with blockchain and tangle technologies are merely the beginning of an even larger change of guard than that of how the financial industry transfers value. The very way value presents itself is actually changing, and taking a massive leap towards creating independent and democratized systems where the common man and woman can access information. Data and the ability to transfer it; whether it be monetary value, informational value, contractual value, or anything that can be translated into the digital realm, is the new currency. 
Bitcoin is important; it’s creating millionaires, and it is also inspiring, but it’s symbolism will be historic in many more ways than just these. It represents great potential for massive financial disruption, and yet is also the first dance of many to come with the usefulness of blockchain technology and the distributed ledger concept.
We will have over 25 billion iot devices in circulation sometime in 2018. This stat is projected to be over 70Bb by 2025 - look back seven years and look at what has changed and now think about what the next seven will bring. Think about the implications of this with today’s common systems and their respective inefficiencies in communicating with each other, and the $’s and time associated with doing so for organizations, governments, and individuals alike. Security, real-time requirements to satiate the humanity’s ever evolving economic thirst for on-demand anything, and the common man and woman’s access to information are all a perfect storm of circumstances to make these technologies staples of our new era. 
We are not witnessing the explosive growth of Bitcoin, we are having an explosive realization that blockchain and similar platforms are needed in order for us to progress. Bitcoin is just a single step in the right direction. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 19:29:53
In case, you lose it all, maybe this will help: 
@_date: 2018-02-16 01:59:22
The lambo at the end is hilarious, good job  