@_author: rahan12
@_date: 2018-08-01 12:35:33
Thanks for clarifying the situation, hope you get things sorted out and we can start working on your cyphers again :)
Regarding the key/wallet issue, that's a bit of a problem indeed. The only solution I can think of is to transfer the main chunk of btc you want to keep for yourself into a new cold wallet, leaving 1.337 btc on the wallet which address matches the key to find.
Regarding btc price drop and alt investment, I'm no expert but I do follow closely. Out of the many opinions out there the one I tend to agree with is that right now, it's best to stay in btc and not invest in any alt coins. Yes they are low and cheap but they might go even lower... if btc does. Most alts tend to drop a lot faster than btc and if (or when) some institutional money is to come to crypto (which will likely happen at some point) it is almost certain it will go to btc first (and maybe some of the top alts) but not to some random lesser known alt. Alts will pick up once btc has stabilised but until then guessing which ones might go up or down is a bit of a gamble in my opinion. But no financial advice here :)
@_date: 2018-08-01 10:23:08
Great work! I love the look of your cyphers... but you need to provide the community a proper proof that you owe the funds.
On other threads people are seriously starting to doubt that these cyphers are legit and that you have the funds... I must say that finding these two cyphers on your Instagram account ([ amongst some similar looking ones that share a lot of the same symbols made me start to doubt a little that these are legit...
I know you say you are not a bitcoin expert and I believe you as you do not seem to realise that the screenshot you posted does not actually prove anything (it could just be any random address with the amount edited in paint) but if you just do a little research online you will easily find how to give a proof to the community.
For instance:  
\- first of all you should provide the public address (receiving address in the Electrum screenshot you provided). There is no reason why you could not give us that. The whole point of bitcoin is that it is impossible to derive the private key from the public address. A little clarification here maybe just in case you don't know: the fact that the funds are on a cold wallet only means that they are not kept on a device that is connected to the internet... but the bitcoins are still on the blockchain no matter what, otherwise they would simply not exist. So anyone will be able to see them once you provide the public address but not access them until they find the private key in your cyphers or contact you with partial/complete decyphering and that you give them the private key.
\- secondly you should sign a message from each address. As you are using Electrum you can just follow the procedure in part 2 of this post:  
[  
This does not compromise in anyway your private key, privacy or anything for that matter and it will prove to everybody that you have the funds you claim to have.
Your cyphers look very interesting and promising but also very complex, so I really think it would only be fair to provide guarantees to the community that if we decide to dedicate time to solving them we are in for the real thing :)