@_author: railsisaghetto
@_date: 2017-12-11 06:55:30
They're not math problems exactly. That's something that keeps getting spread around. What you are really doing is taking some portion of the blockchain, adding a little bit to it, and applying a hash function that spits out a fixed-length string of numbers and letters. This hash needs to match a certain pattern, so if you don't get the pattern, you increment that little bit you added earlier and hash again, and again, and again, until you arrive at a hash that fits the pattern. Since there's no way to predict the hash's pattern even if you know the inputs (and not being able to predict it is exactly what makes it cryptographically secure), you just have to brute force it.
is the hash of everything I wrote in the above paragraph. If I take out the last character, the period, and add an exclamation instead, I get this hash:
  
  e01b0d2aecddd8736268a22d441058f48630682c5fa2a0b2387bd6ea7a658592
Completely different hash. I could in theory write a program that takes my paragraph, changes the last character to a 1, checks whether or not the first four characters of the hash are "xxxx", then increment the last character to a 2, check again, 3, 4, and so on until I finally find some giant number on the end that makes the hash start with "xxxx". It might be the third try. It might take a quadrillion tries. But there will no doubt be some number that eventually makes the whole thing work.
That's effectively what you are doing with Bitcoin mining. And it's not pointless busy work. It's what keep the blockchain honest. The "miners" are actually verifying the prior sections of the blockchain by computing these numbers and hashes. By doing this work they are rewarded with slices of a Bitcoin for their effort. 
The award goes to the faster miner, so it's all about computer power and electricity to get the payout. Regular desktop computers won't do. Way too slow. I haven't mined in ages but I think we're well into the 10^18 hashes on average or something ridiculous like that to verify a transaction on the blockchain. That's just something you need a group of custom machines to pull off.