@_author: rainierd
@_date: 2017-12-14 02:10:59
Can you buy gold mined 100 years ago at the price it cost 100 years ago?
@_date: 2017-08-10 23:17:03
I think we are saying the same thing. I agree that miners are selling their bitcoins to cover the cost of mining. And I agree that the price they sell bitcoins for is directly related to the amount of mining and work done. And I agree that if the price isn't high enough that the miners will move their real world work to other crypto currencies. 
I also agree that about  he current pricing based on supply and demand. I just think the demand will start to drop when the supply stops increasing. Currently it is a chicken and egg scenario. They are feeding each other like a perpetual motion machine. 
My point is about after the mining is done. At that point it will just be scarcity and supply/demand. The currency won't be tied to a real world economy or utility (as per my original comment). That is when I think there will be a hiccup in he perpetual motion. There will have to be a lot transactions (for small fees) or less transactions (for high fee) to support hashing. The price will either stabilise or crash at that point because the gold rush will be over.
@_date: 2017-08-11 08:43:49
There is a little bit of utility there. I acknowledge that. I can appreciate that it is useful in Venezuela right now or in another country with currency controls or high inflation. It also has utility for criminals.  But you are kidding yourself if you think that is what is causing the demand for btc right now. It is due to hedge funds and investors looking at the returns for the last year and getting on the bandwagon. 
More investors will lead to more holders who have no intention of using it as a currency. That will lead to bitcoin being classified as an asset not a currency. I'm not the only one to think this either. Do a search or try this  [BITCOIN - ASSET OR CURRENCY? REVEALING USERS' HIDDEN INTENTIONS](  or do search on it. 
Out of curiosity, do you think of bitcoin as an asset, a currency or both?  If you think of it as a currency what would you buy with it?
@_date: 2017-08-10 23:03:29
The current miners are subsidised by mining and selling bitcoins at a high price. If you take away this subsidy then the miners will move as there won't be enough money in it for them to stay. Look at the current transaction costs (in time and money) and let me know how you think that will sustain all the miners that are currently required. I would love it if someone could prove that this won't be true. 
As I said before, btc still has more upside. I reckon that the hype still hasn't saturated the market. When your/my mom asks me about buying bitcoin that is the time to sell as far has the hype. If you want to hodl long term then just make sure to sell be for all the bitcoins are mined. 
@_date: 2017-08-10 22:52:55
"Mining has nothing to do with the price of bitcoin."
"If the price of bitcoin cannot sustain a miner, he or she will simply mine another coin."
These two statements of yours contradict themselves. There is no incentive for miners to mine unless there are transactions to charge a fee for.  And I agree with your last statement that miners will move to a new coin. This is why I'm saying that there is no "work" associated with bitcoin. It will be disconnected from any real world utility except how people feel it should be valued.
@_date: 2017-08-10 11:55:19
Just remember that any currency of value in history so far has had value outside of the actual currency (ie gold). Or in the case of a modern economy not tied to a gold standard, it is tied to the ability/GDP of the economy. Bitcoin is an entirely new speculation with no precedence. Some may want to compare it to tulips a few hundred years ago, other might want to compare it to something else. In my opinion, once the mining has stopped, there is no reason to hold bitcoins.  So you should make sure to sell before then. 
I agree there is a lot of room for upward movement to come though as more and more people jump on the bandwagon and there is really no reason to sell at this point (no one knows the underlying value).  At this point bitcoins are like rare paintings and we have to enjoy the uniqueness of them and value them in the rarity. I don't think anyone should sell until the miners start to leave. At that point the transaction cost will rise and it will become a less liquid "currency". 
@_date: 2017-08-23 10:29:18
It is a tradeable "currency" that isn't backed by any traditional centralised country. It isn't a commodity in the traditional sense of the word, as a commodity represents something tangible in the real world.
I don't think that you intentionally meant to misrepresent a commodity though, I just wouldn't want someone to misread you.
@_date: 2017-08-10 23:43:58
Yes you are right, But my point is the that current amount of mining work is related to the subsidy of finding bitcoins? They wouldn't do the work mining bitcoins if the price wasn't high enough or if the cost of the electricity and hardware was too high to support the mining. 
In the future they will have to be supported only on fees as you know.  I jus think that the demand (partly due to hype) is higher when the mining gold rush is on. That is what I'm trying to get at. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 12:35:27
You were the one who started the comparison.
Honestly there is nothing like btc. It is just a few electrons. There is nothing else like it. The value is completely in the eyes of the beholder. 
@_date: 2017-08-11 08:01:09
It is still profitable for them because they are getting cheap/free electricity. Why would they do it if it wasn't profitable?  
@_date: 2017-08-10 23:57:50
In general, yes the when the supply decreases the demand should rise. I just think that there is an affect on the demand caused by the ability to mine coins based on real world work (electricity/hardware). It's easy to see if mining is profitable based on real world numbers. That plus the hype is driving demand.
@_date: 2018-03-07 06:25:45
I’ve got no problem with you trusting your tax advisor, just say that instead of claiming that people don’t read the guide and then misquoting it.  
“...need to be a lot less certain in their statements.”
Agreed. This is a great mantra for reddit, full stop. Even if someone says they are qualified, it’s hard to prove. 
@_date: 2018-03-05 07:32:13
This is correct if he is paying taxes in Australia. It is a taxable event when you realise the gain. If he isn’t filing in Australia for some reason the he wouldn’t care.  Maybe is under a threshold or is visiting from another country and filing under different rules. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 00:18:49
Agreed. As there is no inflation, it is a scarce resource and people will tend to hoard it.  This is classic Keynes. An economy based on currency that is a scarce resource will have tendencies to stagnate like in the Great Depression. 
Obviously the rise in crypto currency prices makes btc’s value greater as a store of value. But even if the price was more stable the tendency to hoard will still exist due to it being a scarce resource.
Right now as miners still bring new coins into the supply they have a need to put the coins back into the market to pay their running costs. This helps to provide liquidity to the market. But it will be interesting to see how the liquidity in the market is affected in years to come as the new coin supply declines. Will people still hoard or will it actually be a currency.  I’m guessing that they will hoard even more.  My thinking is that it will be more useful in large value transactions and not as popular as a day to day currency. 
@_date: 2018-03-07 00:59:42
Frogo, you are misreading that guide. You are quoting the section about buying something for bitcoin directly. This is treated as bartering and is viewed as per your quote.  However you are actually converting the bitcoin to AUD via an exchange so that you can buy your beer in AUD. 
That means you have to treat the gains as income and need to track the gains. Here is the quote from the appropriate section further down regarding exchanging money back into fiat:
“If you are not carrying on a business of bitcoin investment, you will not be assessed on any profits resulting from the sale or allowed any deductions for any losses made. However, if your transactions amount to a profit-making undertaking or plan then the profits on disposal of the bitcoin will be assessable income. “
If you want to keep in harmony with the law, Just buy/barter with bitcoin directly and don’t use a cash card that converts to fiat. Of course this limits your spending options, 
Btw, what is up with the attitude? 
@_date: 2017-09-14 14:15:49
Demand for something that is made up is certainly fickle. 
@_date: 2017-07-19 12:03:13
Agreed, it's not just the security of the network but is usefulness as well.  As the bonus for processing transactions goes down the transaction costs will go up. Bitcoin will become less viable as a currency and merely just a place to speculate. Transactions will cost too much and take too long to be useful. 
One of the semi-legitimate drivers for alt-currencies is economies with lots of inflation and closed markets like Venezuela. There are people there actually trying to use alt-coins to buy food and essentials. There is also a real reason for vendors to accept it due to the inflation. Yet, If transaction costs and times are high they will not use bitcoin. 
More transaction with then new changes will help to drive down the costs and times of transactions but it should be worthwhile for anyone to help out. I suppose this really comes down to the cost of electricity wherever you live.
@_date: 2017-07-20 11:08:03
I'm curious if you still use ltc or what is the most popular there. What is your current preference?  What is easier to use there? 
I've heard that electricity is cheap in Venezuela. How about Colombia?