@_author: rainyrie
@_date: 2014-08-25 00:57:10
Hi there r/bitcoin, my name is Rie ( on social media), and I wanted to share my awesome first few milestones as a Bitcoin user. 5 months ago, I had no idea what Bitcoin or cryptocurrency  (or Reddit!) was. Then, I joined a company  that accepts Bitcoin. Now, I receive part of my paycheck in Bitcoin, and I made my first "real-life" purchase using my hard-earned BTC. 
The details: I had no idea about Bitcoin until I was introduced to it through the my now-employer, who is the founder of the online tea company, Tealet. She's an outspoken advocate of both cryptocurrrency and fair practices in the tea industry, and we accept Bitcoin/Litecoin on our e-commerce site, [Tealet.com]( Based on what I was learning through Tealet and the Bitcoin advocates around us, it was just a matter of time until I realized it made sense to get paid in BTC myself. 
I asked to receive 20% of my total monthly salary as BTC, and I've since received two paychecks this way. I made this decision because there's so much potential for Bitcoin as a tool for the tea industry, which I am very passionate about; in a few years, we plan to regularly use Bitcoin as a way to make payments to tea farmers in Asia without the hellish transaction fees and processes of traditional commerce/FIAT. I've been watching the Bitcoin community and economy for a few months now, but actually holding BTC is the best way to really understand it, I think, and I also want to be able to help others like myself become adopters too. The anonymity is another huge bonus, since I don't need people knowing my name/financial info, thanks.
So, with the help of more savvy coworkers and friends, I made a Blockchain account to generate my first address and received my paycheck. It was cool to finally be holding BTC after all that time exposed to it and learning slowly about it. A few days later, I got Mycelium as my wallet for my mobile phone. We went to [Jalisco Cantina]( this Mexican restaurant in Southwest Las Vegas, and I ordered their shrimp ceviche. It was delicious, seriously - would highly recommend, even on days when you feel like using FIAT, haha. When we were closing  the checks, I just had to tell the servers I was paying in Bitcoin. They brought out an iPad, on which they were also using Mycelium, and I scanned their QR code through my phone's camera to send over the payment. The transaction went through. It was surprisingly quick and convenient. It felt good. See how simple the receipt was? No need to hand a credit card over and disclose my name/information, no need to sign anything. Felt awesome to do that. 
Shrimp Ceviche Total: 21.31243 mbTC.
I hope to keep learning more about Bitcoin and sharing my experiences with fellow novices. If there is anyone like me who is interested in discussing how to manage/use Bitcoin, let me know! I'll also happily take advice from more experienced Bitcoin adopters, thank you in advance! 
I'm also in San Francisco tonight (flying back to Vegas tomorrow morning), and I hear there's a healthy Bitcoin presence here. If you know any spots that take BTC in the Downtown area, let me know. I wouldn't mind just getting more ceviche, but plus points for any gelato or macaron places. 
Lastly, I must give kudos to my employer, Tealet (led by because I get to work in tea (which is my true life love) and be paid in Bitcoin for it. Please visit our website at  or PM either of us to learn more about Tealet, our team, and how we're using Bitcoin. Maybe buy some tea while you're at it - we have some seriously good tea, and every mBTC counts towards a better tea industry. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-08-28 00:07:45
Thanks for the link! I went to Jalisco Cantina for that meetup in July, and I hope I can make it to more meetups soon. 
@_date: 2014-08-29 16:11:24
We document our Bitcoin at the company, and are filing taxes accordingly at the end of the year. I am a paid contractor, so I am keeping track of each separate paycheck through different addresses to reference once I file my own 1099. I'm still learning about the details as I go along but I am treating the Bitcoin portion as I would the FIAT portion, and our team plans on having a Bitcoin/Taxes 101 at the end of the year together as well. I'm confident that the company is serious and legal about this, we seek the advice of Bitcoin-oriented investors/mentors when needed. And if I have any doubts about that, I'll be sure to report back and seek outside advice. 
@_date: 2014-08-25 02:44:52
5 months into Bitcoin and this is my first post I dared to make in here, haha. Bound to be a novel with some grammatical errors (out of excitement??). 
@_date: 2014-08-28 00:07:11
I don't have a paystub yet, but will the Blockchain address suffice? 
@_date: 2014-08-25 02:43:16
It's a guideline I definitely try to keep in mind in most landlocked areas, but it's surprising how much good seafood there is here. One plus to being a tourist city, I guess.
Better than my experiences in San Diego at least, where I thought I'd find euphoric fish tacos, but found none. :c