@_author: rainfly_x
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:55:57
Right, exactly!
@_date: 2017-12-22 04:23:23
This. Bitcoin has true value, but a bubble on top of it. Without small corrections every now and then, the eventual large corrections would be utterly devastating.
@_date: 2015-06-03 17:08:58
Bitcoin celebrity stuff always reminds me of tabloid newspapers, where it always assumes that the audience has a running familiarity with all the current celebs and thinks of them on a first-name basis.
"Brad and Angelina in devastating breakup!" Brad Who and Angie Who? Oh, right, Brad *Pitt* and Angelina *Jolie*, I kinda know who they are. They were together? Whaddya know.
I feel very much the same about this Bitcoin stuff. It has that same first-name-basis, hysteric interpersonal drama made public, hordes of obsessed followers, kinda vibe. It's maybe a bit more justified here, since corporate drama can have a big impact on the people here, but I'm generally a lurker/long-hauler so I still get a chuckle out of it.
@_date: 2015-06-10 01:31:37
My node is currently not port-forwarded to the network, but when XT is launched, I will definitely use that as a full node.
@_date: 2015-06-13 22:27:32
Puppet, not pocket, but I did read "sock pocket" to the tune of the "Hot Pockets" jingle, so that amused me.
@_date: 2015-06-16 19:52:26
Personally, I've thought for a long time that BitTorrent clients should support "author bitcoin address" metadata in both the .torrent file, and the content of multi-file torrents. Possibly even multiple addresses, all of which are labelled.
This could manifest in the UI the way the Humble Bundle does. When buying a torrent, you get to set your slider values to pay X to the author, Y to the seeders, and Z to that charity the movie creator felt like supporting. You could do these as absolute sliders, or relative ones (chopping up a proportion of the total price, which you can provide a default for).
Another neat feature to add to the above, would be a speed gauge, so as you adjust your "seeders" slider, you can see how it affects the total bandwidth it opens up to you.
@_date: 2015-06-16 19:58:25
That would be the DRM in HTML5 ;)
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:45:53
This is a great point, which I had neglected to mention.
Crypto is great, but if enough people attack it for a long enough time, especially if they can find ways to leverage quantum computing, individual algorithms will tend to fall over time. Which is no big deal, given the level of advance warning, which gives us plenty of time to "evacuate to higher ground."
But data that isn't migrated with the times can be subject to hash collisions, key breaking, etc. Yeah, your current money is all protected by TOKAMAK and SHA9, but your .0005 BTC (as much of a fortune as it is in the far future) isn't much of a prize compared to the poorly-secured 50BTC you mined in the early days, before losing it all to a hard drive failure.
Thinking about it, we all typically treat loss of cryptocurrency as "lost now, lost forever", but that's not necessarily the case. Time will tell whether future attacks on current crypto will give rise to an industry of cryptocurrency salvage, like a grey-hat counterpart to today's mining industry (is it really stealing if the original owner cannot access it, or prove ownership? Should such money be considered fair game, or shouldn't it?).
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:18:09
It sounds like they're talking about transaction outputs - in which case, this description isn't wrong, just a bit clunky ("slots" in particular is a misleading word). It mostly sounds wrong because it deals with a lower level of abstraction than Bitcoin users tend to be aware of.
@_date: 2014-11-07 07:20:35
Right. The difference is that all of OB will not disappear if one guy gets caught.
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:47:28
Because maturity is definitely a binary thing.
IMHO, Bitcoin can walk now, but it still isn't ready to run - let alone borrow the keys to the Mercedes. The economy is a lot more capable/stable than in the "Satoshi is still around" days, but also far from the apex of Bitcoin adoption and development. It's a really, really long road, and there's nothing wrong with our position or pace on that road.
@_date: 2014-09-22 20:58:13
Yeah, they really handled that well. That had to be a sucky situation.
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:45:58
You're taking multiple indirections here, and pretending you're not, or that the indirections are technically irrelevant.
A paper wallet does not contain a single output reference. In order to figure out for sure how much a paper wallet represents, you have to do a bunch of lookups in ledger state, which is not encoded into the paper wallet in any way.
A paper wallet represents a remote control that, in isolation, carries no guarantee that anything listens to it.


Blatantly incorrect. The BTC still exist, they're just uncontrollable, and therefore unusable.


But if you copy the private key a bunch of times, do you get more coins? ;)
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:55:03
The major key servers, and many of the minor ones, regularly synchronize with each other, so you can always upload and do lookups via the server of your choice.
That said, it may be of interest to the community to use some form of blockchain technology to replace this *ad-hoc federated system* with a *truly decentralized system*.
@_date: 2014-01-31 17:45:59
I disagree with you, but your comment was well thought-out and supported its reasoning, so upvote for you! Much better discussion than all the people just making jokes about @_date: 2014-02-21 18:00:14
Well at least we can all agree that Poe's Law is in full effect in this subreddit.
@_date: 2014-01-18 21:22:19
I would leave out stuff about how mining works, for an intro at least. Mining is a verification process that chunks a bunch of transactions into a block, and adds that block to the official history (blockchain), every 10 minutes or so. For the intents and purposes of most people, *how* it does this can be a black box.
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:20:24
I support this. Whether Dorian is the Bitcoin Inventor or not, Newsweek has turned his life upside down, and he needs all the help he can get.
+1Dorian4RoXcnBv9hnQ4Y2C1an6NJ4UrjX .08BTC verify
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:57:34
Lol nope. I really hope didn't recently pay anyone for Google Authenticator, because that would be embarrassing and awkward.
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:49:44
There are also the people who are only in it for a quick prophet, although I'll never understand the appeal of combining precognition with premature ejaculation.
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:32:24
Fair enough, for sure. While I can understand the draw of convenience that comes with compiled binaries... in this case, it's still pretty imperative to compile your own copy, and it's worrying that so many people are just running the EXE. I mean, *on their own heads be the consequences* and all that, but it'd still suck to watch people get bit for not knowing better.
@_date: 2014-04-11 06:15:21
Don't forget that the market will tend to bounce a bit lower, before springing back and forth around the actual floor. When we hit it the long-term floor, it will be with momentum, wherever that floor is, and we'll momentarily have super-lows before everybody figures out they have more solid ground under their feet.
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:49:45


As long as oil can only be purchased with dollars, and as long as U.S. taxes can only be payed with dollars, dollars will exist, regardless of the success of cryptocoins. There are just certain markets that are well-established and well-cornered, much in the same way that, in the early days of Bitcoin, there was an understanding that *if all else fails, we still have the Silk Road to prop up the economy.*
Which is why, much as I herald and believe in the success of cryptocurrencies, I don't think their success is sufficient for fiat failure. The two can, and likely will, live alongside each other for quite awhile.


I can see this as a valid interpretation of the way that bank account interest is the only way to outpace inflation. It's a bit heavy on the rhetoric, but not wrong.


Availability of credit may raise prices as a side effect, but that is far from the "only" thing it does. Regardless of your lender (whether it's the bank, the credit union, or your Cousin Vinnie), you are always *really* borrowing from *Future You.* You are spending Future You's money, on the assumption that he will have have that money. This is fantastic for enabling people to set up businesses - think of scenarios where you can only pay the cost of machine X if you *have* machine X and run it for awhile - and investments in general.
That doesn't mean it's not abused by people who "just can't wait" for a new flatscreen TV, which doesn't do much for their Future Selves' finances. Or that the financial industry doesn't *encourage* such misuse of credit, often under the banner of "establishing a good credit score/proving yourself a trustworthy person to lend to", which of course, you can only do by spending money ;)
Finally, the increase in prices is because people are more capable of buying things. This is the same reason that insurance pushes medical costs up. Whether this is good, bad, or neutral, depends on your point of view, but people don't generally think that insurance is a bad thing, because for all its foibles, it's often the only way to get back on your feet after (or in some cases, survive) a major personal disaster.
tl;dr: Lending is very important, at all financial scales (see Kiva microlending as an example). But banks encourage people to misuse credit for shit that won't pay them back later, and people promptly *do* misuse credit this way, because people are gullible and/or stupid.


This is just off-the-rails. You can lend in Bitcoin, it's just pointless and/or dangerous because of price volatility. That will hopefully change in the future, but if you're feeling ballsy, you can certainly lend in BTC - which involves interest, credit, and not a drop of fiat.
Problems with lending in Bitcoin, before you go out and try this:
 * It's deflationary. Imagine if you took out a 5 BTC loan in 2011. How hard would it be to pay back now? The increasing value works against you if you *owe* money instead of *hold* it.
 * It's easy to just run off with the money. Get a loan under an alias, then wash the money through tumblers, drop the alias, and the lender will never get their money back.
 * It's volatile. As we saw earlier, it's bad for the lendee if the value increases, and as you may imagine, it's bad for the lender if the value decreases. The only fair way is to price in something that is *not* volatile, such as equivalent value in USD (or more palatably, Bitcoin at a specified time and exchange).
Lending is still useful, and the market will eventually find ways to make it work with Bitcoin. This may, or may not, involve banks. There's no reason people have to use banks in the lending of the future, but there's no reason banks *can't* offer lending, and may be very successful given their experience in selling such services in convenient ways. The most likely expectation is that, like in fiat, lending will be available both ways - with and without banks - and only time will tell if one of them ultimately displaces the other. Of course, non-bank lending will have first-mover advantage, because no bank would be foolhardy enough to try to do BTC lending right now, given the above problems.
@_date: 2014-04-06 06:21:53
This actually would encourage me to work out more often. I'm a sucker for two birds/one stone scenarios.
@_date: 2014-01-05 17:12:06
They don't eliminate the need for lending, nor are they great for lending *unless* you price in a less volatile currency (which still introduces a whole extra class of risk for both parties). And nor will Bitcoin quickly kill USD in any case, barring some major USD-killing fiasco that drives everyone into other currencies (including cryptocoins), and as long as fiat exists, so will banks.
I'm not saying we won't see a serious reduction of the banking industry within 40-50 years. But I can't imagine the entire industry being extinguished by 2100, which is just pointlessly far into the future.
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:51:05
If you are locked out of your house, with no way for you (or anyone else) to get in, does the house suddenly disappear? There is no garbage collection thread in real estate.
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:08:19
And yet, in practice, we actually do buy shit.
If reality contradicts your theory, you have to figure out why your theory doesn't map to reality, rather than trying to defend that theory as-is.
@_date: 2014-02-03 19:03:14
I don't doubt Wikipedia's intentions. Do I have the same trust in their security? Or odds that *every single entity I pay with my credit card* has sufficient security to protect my credit card number from attackers? Remember, only one of them has to be broken.
@_date: 2014-01-14 20:36:25
It's fine to pay mortgages in BTC, but it's awful to *price* them in BTC. Just paying your monthly USD-equivalent in BTC isn't too unreasonable, although the value volatility may still be a discouragement to one or both parties.
@_date: 2014-03-29 02:36:18
This is why I haven't given my Aunt and Uncle any Bitcoin. They're the most libertarian people I know, I'm sure it's right up their alley philosophically, but they have a history of downloading bad versions of iTunes, and cannot migrate off of Windows for app support reasons. I don't expect it to last 5 days on their computer, and all that does is give them a bad impression of the tech.
Maybe I'll give them a paper wallet and tell them to treat it like a college fund - open it up in 5 years, and not a moment before, nor on an insecure machine. Let it accumulate value in the back of a dresser drawer for awhile.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:03:11
Indeed. For the people who had money in Gox, this is gonna hurt like a bitch. But at this point it really is a "greater good" sorta thing for MtGox to just fucking keel over and die.
@_date: 2014-01-15 15:54:59
Awesome. FWIW, you need to have no centralized pools higher than 16.6% if you want to be resilient to a "hijacking the top three pools" attack, but we are definitely moving back in the right direction again.
@_date: 2014-09-22 20:55:38
Don't forget that America has been buying up a bunch of Russian nukes over the years and using them as reactor fuel. Nuclear power has been doing more nuclear disarmament than nearly any layman realizes. There are less warheads in the world because we've been using them to power our Teslas and TVs.
@_date: 2014-01-03 16:24:49
Well, I came off sounding like a regulation apologist, but I'm actually anti-regulation, at least with Bitcoin (although admittedly, it would be nice to do something about all those banks shutting down BTC-related accounts). I believe the market will eventually find ways to fill the gaps currently plugged with state regulation. My comment above silently assumes that regulation is bad for the Bitcoin consumer, but it is still in the best interest to play along with the feds in the short term in order to establish a beachhead in Bitcoin acceptance.
To give an example of what I'm talking about, imagine of all cybercrime was supposed to be dealt with by the government. Well, you'd be screwed - it's too big a job, mostly outside of national jurisdiction, and despite the futility of the venture, they'd always be holding onto (and promoting) the myth that if we just gave them enough power and authority, they could finally do their jobs and clean up these darn cyberstreets. Which, of course, is fiction.
The solution that we all ended up adopting was that we started using Firefox and Chrome. We report spam in Gmail, we warn our relatives about phishing. In the end, private industry and open source self-defense do what we need of them. And similar tools can fill the remaining gaps that we (traditionally) expect government to attempt to fill.
This is kinda like the philosophy of except applied in a context where I can actually visualize it being successful, as it's already halfway to a complete success story - the internet. I don't think that AC, at least the degree of it that its proponents believe in, could happen practically in the real world. Maybe with the internet as a proof of concept, but even that, I see as a stretch.
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:44:05
Well, the point where you draw the line is subjective, but the extremes are obvious. It's like the edge of the atmosphere. Depending on what density you consider to be the threshold, the height of Earth's atmosphere varies a lot. But it's pretty obvious that we have atmosphere at sea level and don't on the moon.
Right now we've got some extremes going on.
But if you want a good, fairly arbitrary line, consider the following constraint: It should not be possible to execute a 51% attack by hijacking control of 3 pools (or less). This translates to pretty simple numbers - the top 3 pools must add up to less than 50% of total hash power. Assuming equal distribution is better than not... no pool should exceed (50/3)% of total hash power, which works out to about 16.6%.
But you don't need to get all mathy about this. Honestly, there's a perfectly fucking good solution in P2Pool, if people would just use it. It doesn't matter how big P2Pool gets, because despite being a pool, it's still decentralized, and there is no practical way to hijack it for the purposes of anyone in particular. And in terms of fees, it's perfectly competitive in the pool market.
The long-term solution is to make P2Pool less of a PITA for miners, make sure that they can have their fancy features and pretty interfaces and whatnot. The short-term solution is for people to start using it *despite* the rough edges, so that Bitcoin does not die a premature death, which I really do not think is an unreasonable thing to ask.
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:20:41


And that's exactly why transfer of a paper wallet is not transfer of your bitcoin! In fact, this is the primary reason that it's critical to understand the difference - that a paper wallet is a (potentially non-unique) means of controlling a set of coins.
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:23:38
When the real fucking morons - the miners who still bulk up GHash.io's hashing power - finally stop the fucking mining for GHash.io, then we can stop penalizing them with a post flood.
Yes, it's an annoyance to everyone, but if it annoys miners enough that Bitcoin doesn't go through a large-scale double-spending attack, *it's probably worth the minor inconvenience.*
@_date: 2014-08-09 15:11:59
The block size has always been an artificial restriction. People don't focus on it, because it's easy to remove the limit entirely.
Bandwidth limitations, on the other hand, cannot be fixed with a 5 line diff.
@_date: 2014-06-25 23:33:21
I think you'll be fine. Just be on the lookout for red flags, like a sudden obsession with coffee.
@_date: 2014-01-05 01:11:39
Such education, very learn.
@_date: 2014-09-08 02:07:05
That's why you always use a fee!
/picks up plastic arm
@_date: 2014-03-09 00:40:55
I think there are ways to express your frustration at someone without phrasing it like a "she deserved to be raped and murdered" quote.
@_date: 2014-11-06 06:50:29
Tragedy of the Commons shit, I tell ya.
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:46:39
Cool guys don't look at explosions.
@_date: 2014-06-25 06:55:27
Ironically, I didn't realize it was GoT at all until you said so (I've been holding off on watching the show, until I read more of the books). It wouldn't have been a spoiler if it wasn't called out as such.
@_date: 2014-03-20 16:54:59
The market has priced in that these things are in development, with funding. But that's also not a guarantee of success! When these projects become publicly available and production-ready, the price will go up. Until then, any of these projects could turn out to be vaporware, and the price accounts for that, too.
@_date: 2014-04-06 06:28:06
Could use slightly longer cuts - the high frequency jump cuts are a little grating - but other than that, I love it! She's adorable, and I caught some news that I would have missed otherwise.
@_date: 2014-06-02 15:09:49
This is why the "correct" solution, from a publisher perspective, is to make money off of both sides. Ads by default, pay to remove them, with some small minimum amount.
@_date: 2014-03-05 00:29:57
I actually do see it positive, in the long term. Not kidding at all. It was a money blackhole made of shit PHP and Mark Karpeles' ADHD, and now nobody else can get their money sucked into it.
I do agree that in the short term there's a lot of hurt, though, because not everybody was able to get their money out in time. I'm still undecided about whether it adds up to a positive or negative in the short term - I could make a strong argument to myself for either.
@_date: 2014-01-30 07:11:23
It's like the equal and opposite evil of the Federal Reserve.
@_date: 2014-07-14 16:00:21
It raises the bar for altcoins - you have to have some really good selling point in order to make any headway. But if you do, you're starting from a base that's on par with Bitcoin, and eventually the competition will force Bitcoin to adopt the same changes.
Then again, maybe the network effect will be too big a deal for that to ever happen. But tons of people are still putting their time, money and attention into altcoins, and Bitcoin is still "stealing" their features on an infrequent basis at a very distant level of competition. So we'll see.
@_date: 2014-01-09 16:18:21
Here's the thing. I'd be happy to pay my taxes if I had a say what they were spent on. Firefighters? Fuck yes. Pointless wars in the Middle East? Fuck you.
So the solution to that, is to have (in your tax forms) a sort of multiple-choice ballot for what services you want to help pay for. There are a few ways you can calculate how to determine the proportions of your taxes that go to each thing, but this problem is effectively an implementation detail, and we can ignore it for now. But the important thing is, now I can contribute back to my society on my own terms!
Only this still puts a monopoly on several services - not just the services you actually pay for with your taxes, but the meta-system of collection and distribution. If I want to pay my contribution to society via a different distribution system, or to services that the central distribution system did not put on the ballot, I'm sunk. And the thing about monopolies, is that they *protect terribleness.* Paypal gets away with being terrible because they're the only game in town. American internet service is absurdly expensive because even though there are multiple players, it's in their best interest to divide up turf such that no customer has *options,* and the telecoms make their money off local monopoly.
Government itself is already tongue-in-cheek described as a monopoly of force (no one else is authorized to beat the crap out of people), but let's not forget that it's also a monopoly on what to do with taxes. Too often, the answer is "wars, surveillance, and construction/maintenance contracts chosen by how much kickback they give back to the guy who makes the hiring decision." It's also a monopoly on tax collection, which isn't so much of an issue, but could be in the future/different circumstances.
Let's see... so what do we call it if we give people the actual freedom to choose what their taxes pay for, who they pay for, who collects it, etc.? There are a lot of terms that come in the ballpark... free market capitalism, anarcho-capitalism, crowdfunding... all close in their own way. The missing "magic element" is "deciding how much your taxes should be, and enforcing that you do something tax-y with them," which is why none of these terms fit. You find a way to fill that in, and you're golden. It's entirely possible to do this without dissolving the state, by the way, but it mostly dissolves the *purpose* of having a state, so take that how you will.
@_date: 2014-09-28 00:48:45
Funny, I actually liked the totes-meta-bot. It would innocently create these little bubbles of hyperdrama in an otherwise boring pro-BTC circlejerk. On occasion, the buttcoiners even had a point, although that's less about Bitcoin's issues, and more about people in this subreddit treating Bitcoin as their One True God (inb4 Nic Cage).
This is the first I'd heard about TMB being banned. I miss it already.
@_date: 2014-10-02 17:04:28
Right now, this is balanced against individual security.
**Credit card:**
 * Don't have to worry too much about keeping it safe.
 * Worst case, cancel and get a new one. Don't have to pay for shit that hacker bought.
 * The cancel process is a huge pain in the ass, but happens rarely enough that it's not a huge discouragement.
 * Huge emphasis on personal security. I wanted to give Bitcoin to my Libertarian aunt and uncle, but there's no way they can keep it secure on their old virus-riddled Windows machine, and they don't want to switch to Linux because they're not techy.
 * Pain of security is constant, although never as bad as CC worst case.
 * Useful in less places, more of a pain to use.
 * In the event of security failure, there is no recourse. The money is gone for good.
This is actually a huge problem that I think may be inherent to Bitcoin. I think the next big altcoin that actually has a chance to beat or influence Bitcoin will be the altcoin that figures out how to sanely implement an "undo" button.
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:46:24
The Bitcoin Ledger is this public database that stores how much *value* is associated with each *address*, where an address is a sorta-random number thing. This ledger has full history of every transaction ever made in the Bitcoin network. It is kept consistent and valid by a large set of automated computers called *miners*, who get rewarded with newly-minted bitcoins every 10 minutes or so (the mining process is a bit random, so the block completion time varies).
The philosophy of bitcoin is built more around being *uncensorable* money than *anonymous* money. Addresses are pseudonymous, like a pen name - nobody knows it's you, unless you do something to to reveal your identity, but then everybody knows that all the stuff done by your address was actually done by you. So a lot of people overstate the "anonymity" aspect, but the real focus is on making sure that no transaction can be blocked for political reasons, faked, etc. That's where all the fancy crypto and hash-y mining comes in. No one person or group controls what gets to be part of the ledger. It's a whole bunch of people with valid (but different) answers to the question, *what gets to be in the next chunk of official history*, where one of the valid answers is chosen to be the official one in a random way.
I'm not sure I can go into more technical detail than that, without derailing way out of layman territory. There's a lot of cool tech here, for those willing and able to dig their teeth into it.
But basically, it's the ideal activist currency, because your funds can never be frozen, appropriated by your payment processor, etc. You always have control of your money, and nobody can stop you from doing what you want with it. When Paypal tries to shut off the firehose to Wikileaks, Bitcoin keeps going. When fiat currencies try to inflate their way out of debt at the expense of the little guy, Bitcoin is the safe haven with the reliable minting rate (that cannot be significantly manipulated). Whether you want to buy cocaine, alpaca socks, rented server hosting, or even just have a trivially easy way to give to charity, Bitcoin is there for YOU!
Also, it has cool side features exposed by sites like  and multisig.info (the latter seems to be down for the moment).
@_date: 2014-03-10 16:34:04
You actually do have another option - add a meta tag!
This is an invisible part of the page &lt;head&gt;. But browsers with Bitcoin plugins will be able to detect it and indicate to the user that "this site accepts BTC at address X".
It's probably the least profitable way to go about things - you're only catching the attention of people who not only use BTC, but have a browser plugin installed. But on the other hand, there is zero on-page impact for everyone else! No "we accept bitcoin" banner or button or QR code. And it's still easy for anyone to verify the Official Wikipedia Bitcoin Address, using the "view source" feature of their browser.
Obviously you don't have to go with this, but I just want to bring up the option in case you find it interesting/a good compromise.
@_date: 2014-03-15 00:12:55
That analogy doesn't make sense - it assumes that Bitcoin is somehow more dangerous than USD, which it isn't, except from an "oppressive state" point of view. But I should expand upon that instead of just asserting it.
Bitcoin is no more "criminal friendly" than the dollar, and I'm not just saying that because all hail Bitcoin. It's the most traceable major currency of all time - every spec of the currency can be analyzed all the way back to the block it was minted in. Every change of hands is tracked. I think that the law would consider that an even tradeoff for pseudonymity.
Bitcoin is not the criminal's currency, in the long run - not unless stealth addresses become the norm. What it *is* is the *activist's currency.* This is no surprise - the motivation of Bitcoin was always a resistance to censorship, not a protection of privacy. Wanna fund Wikileaks? Nobody can stop you.
Bitcoin isn't a hand grenade. It's an impossibly sharp knife with a GPS tracker. Which is a bit weird, but not something it makes sense to ban.
@_date: 2014-01-06 21:54:37
Yeah. There's definitely a thrill to seeing your investment peak crazy high, and know that you just turned $X into $Y. The reverse side, of course, is that the same thing that makes it fun (the emotional component to trading) is also the thing that will cause you to make the worst decisions by playing into momentum at the worst possible times - buying at the peak, selling in the valley.
The emotional experience is as treacherous as it is glorious.
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:15:49
No, it's inaccessible. You cannot build a new, accessible house in the same space - real estate is a finite resource, and carelessness makes it rarer, therefore increasing the price of land everywhere else.
This actually does have real world implications. An inaccessible transaction output is not *visibly inaccessible to the rest of the world.* It looks no different than money that *is* accessible, but the owner is choosing to hold rather than move. Even if you tell people, "I have lost the keys to X!", they can't verify that, they can only verify that you aren't *using* the keys.
Moreover, what if you find a long-lost backup next month? This case especially highlights the difference between inaccessibility and destruction, since Bitcoin-like cryptocurrencies can only mint money as part of the mining process, and it is a core technical conceit that money cannot be created otherwise.
I can see the ideological shortcut/alias you are shooting for here, but it's subtly wrong, and only useful for a few (if really common) frames of reference.
@_date: 2014-08-12 22:34:34
Not very informative, but potentially a good intro to a series that is.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:19:09
[This apple is your ego. Imagine it expanding to the point of critical mass, taking over your whole personality, making you an uncontrollable monster!](
@_date: 2014-01-14 19:46:46
Well, we've narrowly averted this danger multiple times. I think we can do it again. But it would be really nice if the community could prove that not only does it react to immediate pooling threats, but it has the forward thinking to not put more hashpower into the number 1 pool, and therefore not *create* these crises in the first place.
@_date: 2014-01-14 21:50:57
Bitcoin is slowly growing out of the volatility. As it gets less volatile, more industries will find it practical to price in BTC. But you can't really blame people for not wanting to price in it now.
It's a bit of a chicken and egg problem, honestly. In order to be used as a currency, it has to have a more stable value. In order to have a more stable value, more people have to use it as a currency! So fiat pricing is sort of a necessary bootstrap step to get to Bitcoin pricing.
@_date: 2014-03-10 23:47:22
I love Leah Goodman's objection about "not enough data", because it's true, but it's also hilariously ironic in the context of her original article. If "that's just circumstantial" is a good enough defense *for* her article, it's also legitimately damning *against* the article.
@_date: 2014-01-28 19:25:28
I've already been working on a technology very close to what you're talking about. Will PM you.
@_date: 2014-04-25 03:18:58
It's not different in the short term, but it's also a *necessary precursor to a pure BTC economy.* And that's important to understand.
Let's say a merchant starts accepting BTC for her products. Are her expenses in BTC? Materials, real estate, food, toilet paper? Probably not. She needs fiat to pay for those things, and if she can't trade her BTC earnings for fiat, she's screwed. Converter services enable people to accept BTC, and the more people who accept BTC, the more people who can go full-BTC, until the currency is fully bootstrapped.
No, you can't run your combustion-powered car off the dinky little starter motor. But good luck starting the main engine without it.
@_date: 2014-02-13 22:36:25
Really, it's just a consequence of it being a large state with an ocean border. It covers a lot of territory, in an area where there are a lot of *types* of territory.
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:00:17
You guys are fools, but the least I can do is try to bandaid the hurt with karma.
@_date: 2014-04-14 05:36:31
I'd post a link to Listen to Buttcoin, but wasn't there malware on that site?
@_date: 2014-03-11 00:03:04
Thank you for giving my lazy ass just enough of a push to read his comment history. This is great.
@_date: 2014-03-09 17:52:01
I was a huge Google Wave fan, and I can tell you, federation was always in the plans, but was never practical. I tried to implement my own Wave technology, but it was absurdly complicated. That's why it collapsed.
@_date: 2014-06-25 06:57:21
God damn if that didn't give me the "anniversary of FOX canceling Firefly" feeling.
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:33:44
There are no bitcoins represented by the paper, only *control* of Bitcoins. It's like the deed to a property, vs. the property itself.
A philosophical aspect of Bitcoin that most people don't think about, is the relationship between control and ownership - ownership is nothing more than the establishment of control. He who controls, owns. That control is not necessarily the traditional (moral) sense of ownership, though - if your wallet gets hacked, you will still think of the lost money as "your" bitcoins. And ownership is not truly equal to the owned property.
It's just useful to collapse (control &gt; ownership &gt; property) into one concept, because nearly all of the time, you *can*, in a valid way, and it makes it easier to reason about.
[This is not a pipe.](
@_date: 2014-02-12 16:32:55
My personal crazy conspiracy theory is it's actually someone who's mostly pro-Bitcoin, trying to force the entire network into these (previously low-priority) fixes, and generally just refine it in the fire. Probably also for the lulz a bit.
@_date: 2014-01-13 06:52:20
Think of Paypal. You can put dollars into your account, or vice versa, and spend them conveniently online.
Now imagine that it was run by a magical computer in the sky, with much lower fees, and no ability to freeze your account, block you from giving money to Wikileaks, or arbitrarily fiddle with your balance.
Now, magical sky computers don't exist, but you can do it with a whole lot of real computers that maintain an agreement about which transactions have gone through, and which haven't. The advantage is that anyone trying to break the system, has to have more computer power than everyone else combined, and even then, their capacity for mischief is limited (you'd be able to "write bad checks" or block some transactions from going through, but you couldn't steal from anyone else's account).
Now you're most of the way from Paypal to Bitcoin, except that Bitcoin isn't measured in dollars or euros or yen. It's also its own currency - when you put money in or take money out, it's measured in Bitcoins. New bitcoins are "minted" as a reward for those folks that use their computers to keep the network running and consistent. And also, unlike Paypal, there's no one company in charge of trading regular money for Bitcoins. Any company can do it, if they can afford the legal compliance fees in their country.
Final note: it's really tough, if not impossible, for governments to block Bitcoin, short of shutting off the internet completely, or shooting people in the streets for using it. This is why some people see Bitcoin as scary - the feds can't stop people from buying drugs with it! - but other people see it as safe - the feds can't stop me from buying drugs with it! It's not just used for drugs, or anything, it's being accepted by more and more major retailers because of the low fees. But it's also an ideal currency for getting around government restrictions, which is especially important in places like China.
@_date: 2014-06-25 20:22:17
1FzQW9CWpNBoqUmaLFKNMAYiBhj6ncJA7N .05 BTC
@_date: 2014-09-29 22:51:19
Absolutely. Gox screwed people harder, but less intentionally. BFL was more dickish, but had less of an impact. It's hard to compare them, because it depends entirely on the metric you're using to score them.
@_date: 2014-06-25 20:02:09
Well, considering he put a homemade SSH server, written in PHP, into his production environment, I'd say he probably has no idea what his competency level is.
@_date: 2014-04-06 06:24:33
I'm a boy, and I have been described as cute a fair few times. I just have to work on capitalizing on it - I feel like I am squandering all my "get laid easily" years by not interacting with people in person.
@_date: 2014-04-11 06:30:22
I didn't understand much of that, but I've accidentally photobombed a news photo of District Attorney Frankie Moonz. He's a cool guy. Not sure how he's related to this though.
@_date: 2014-01-14 18:37:52
Mostly, people who don't want to see GHash.IO used for a large-scale double-spend attack, which would cripple the Bitcoin economy and make coins nearly worthless.
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:45:01
That sounds about right to me as well. It's not that a lot of people are changing opinions, but the overall tone of the subreddit shifts in a massive movement that suppresses views in an alternating manner, using the power of *psychology!* When the chips are down, most people don't want to express optimism, and when the price is up, pessimism is downvoted or seems unwarranted.
@_date: 2014-09-29 01:52:40
You probably get this a lot, but are you planning to port breadwallet to Android as well?
@_date: 2014-03-10 15:56:57
Here's the thing though. If you want to say "I like snickerdoodle cookies", and you make this message by cutting and pasting the letters out of magazines, it will still be a benign message, but have the *form* of a ransom note.
I never said that nawariata was actually threatening rape and/or murder. My complaint was with the *form*, not the *content* (considering the word choice and heavy use of gendered insults as being form, and the meaning as the content). And let's face it, that comment *is* phrased like it's straight out of the more horrifying Disqus comments on the Steubenville rape case. It's a benign message, but in very ugly clothing, and I don't think that I'm exaggerating that ugliness.
@_date: 2014-09-04 06:21:37
I was going to post a comment consisting entirely of "dat ash."
Then it occurred to me that reddit is basically analogous to an optimizing compiler. We are all just a series of passes reducing structure to more familiar and basic forms according to commonly recognizable patterns. In the end, only constants are left.
I'm going to bed now.
@_date: 2014-01-14 19:50:08
I'm not going to disagree that this is a critical weakness in the Bitcoin protocol. Because it is. But that doesn't relieve the burden of responsibility from miners - if anything, it makes it heavier, because their poor judgement could destroy the system for everyone else.
So yes, the miners *are* doing something wrong. In a better system, such a behavior would be harmless, but in this case, it's known to be harmful and miners are doing it anyways.
@_date: 2014-02-13 22:38:06
[Miners, not minors!](
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:08:53
That's exactly how I interpreted it, as well.
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:27:36
You do realize people use exchanges to *buy cryptocoins with fiat* as much as the opposite, right? I don't get paid in Bitcoin. The only way for me to own it at all, is to buy it via an exchange.
@_date: 2014-09-29 03:23:02
Great explanation, thank you for taking the time to write it (and for putting so much thought and research into the topic).
@_date: 2014-07-14 22:46:28
I hear the Global Baking System has an annual conference every April 20. At least, according to that old issue of The Blaze that was in my dentist's waiting room.
@_date: 2014-06-25 23:28:22
Heh, thanks. I'm sure there would have been a fair few readers who thought I was just making shit up.
For the readers who are wondering what the problem is, congratulations! You could be the next Mark Karpeles!
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:19:22


Critical research failure!
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:52:35
I upvoted it. Because even though I was only mildly disappointed myself ("aww man, I was hoping for an $800 floor"), I know there are people out there who *do* make idiot decisions with their investments, and it's better safe than sorry to have that post in a highly visible position if it saves even one life.
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:33:13
Let's not forget that 70% of the codebase has been reengineered over time by the other developers since Nakamoto's "disappearance." That's a lot of sunshine.
@_date: 2014-04-12 05:51:16
Yup. Its value is its fluidity. Which, of course, depends on the network effect, but that doesn't mean there's no base to it. Just a more abstract base than "I can turn this into jewelry or circuit boards."
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:24:01
As long as the price is volatile, it'll be a distraction/diversion from the true value of the technology. That's just how our brains work. Complaining doesn't change anything, it just gives you a false sense of moral superiority.
tl;dr: This is as much a circlejerk as the price circlejerk it's calling out.
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:22:27
The only advantage of Paypal, and the reason why anyone gives a shit at all, is that it has a large network of customers and merchants. It would, admittedly, be exciting to open up Bitcoin to those users, all at once, through a site/UI that they're already used to.
That said, I still believe it's a futile cause, and agree that Paypal should DIAF. I can just empathize a little bit with the unreasonably optimistic.
@_date: 2014-01-09 16:42:52
I love that, for some subset of the worldwide population, Kanye West, a guy who stands out in fucking *showbusiness* for his arrogance and ego, who (with his millions of fans) believe he is the most talented musician on Earth today... is just "the Gay Fish Guy from South Park." That's what he's notable for. Beautiful.
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:53:31
Well now you know, and not only can you take the advice yourself next time around, but you can share it with others. We're all in this together.
@_date: 2014-01-03 06:59:47
I see a lot of anti-government sentiment in this thread that seems... how can I put this accurately and diplomatic at the same time... pointlessly inflammatory. Telling the feds to Fuck Off and Die, in a game where they hold more short-term advantages than the liberty movement (due to consolidation of power) seems more suicidal than helpful. I don't see this as "traitorous sentiment" so much as basic common sense. The wealth of the world is mostly in fiat, and the state has enormous weight to lean on the gateways between cryptocurrency and fiat - such a move would not kill Bitcoin, but it would cripple it significantly and for a long time, let's not kid ourselves.
While I certainly don't advocate bending over for the man, I think the man has a lot of incentives for Bitcoin to succeed as well, provided that the matters of jurisdiction can be settled. No "bending over" is necessary, nor are thrown rocks. Monetary crime is actually much easier to trace through the intertubes. The ledger's public nature is of considerable interest to economic policy theorists and IRS agents alike. Plus, anything pro-economy is pro-job. In the short term, our interests are actually more aligned than you'd think (for entirely different reasons), provided we don't convince the powers that be that we are all Libyan Rebels or street dealers.
In my mind, the real battle for Bitcoin legislation is not whether Bitcoin will be allowed to exist or not. At least, not in "western" states like the USA (for the most part). The battle happens *after* adoption. The battle is *the right to track,* and it's a battle that's already been ongoing since dox-worthy information hit the internet, that became all the more consequential when Facebook (and the other social networks, whose lunch Facebook eventually ate) squeezed the masses for every drop of info they could, and made it all public by default. The debate over how publicly available information may be used, whether U.S. citizens are allowed to use mixing services, etc. is where our interests finally diverge from that of the state.
Anyways, my two cents.
@_date: 2014-02-21 16:25:34
It's a little wonky, but I'm not sure why you're having trouble understanding it. At any rate, let me try to rephrase it on behalf of &gt; MtGox serves as a valuable cautionary lesson. People have their money locked into it, so anyone holding money there is getting screwed. We've always known it's a bad idea to leave money on an exchange, rather than withdrawing it to your personal finances - this is just another real-world reminder that we can't afford to have long-term faith in any exchange.
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:40:27
I agree that it is not really a technological difference. But it is an economic one, so a better analogy might be Car X is *cheaper than* Car Y, or something.
@_date: 2014-06-25 18:03:09
I first assumed Perl, but considering that Mt. Gox was a gigantic heap of terrifyingly shitty PHP code, I suspect the latter is more apt.
@_date: 2015-05-31 02:43:23
20% accurate as usual, Morty.
@_date: 2014-04-26 01:09:46
Well, is Joe Public going to be using API keys? If you use that feature, it's up to you to use it securely.
Agree about the other stuff, though.
@_date: 2014-01-14 17:27:14
I can't confirm that - there are tools for making deterministic builds of a set of source code, which is used (for example) for Tor. But OP isn't making use of those, so build env differences would still gum up the works of that.
I can only advise the old truism - compile it yourself, it's the only way to be sure!
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:16:52
There's an important distinction between being managed by multinational corporations, vs. exploiting their collective horsepower.
Think about the Linux Kernel. By far, it's mostly developed by big corporations, but they manage to maintain the integrity of the final product. A lot of that comes from the GPL, which forces publicly available binaries to have publicly available source, which means improvements can't stay in-house like BSD allows. But the other side is that, just because code is made available, doesn't mean the core devs have to accept it. Which keeps the crap out of the master branch.
Having the resources of multiple highly profitable organizations pushing your progress is great, as long as you can effectively channel that momentum without being taken over. It's the last part that's crucial.
@_date: 2014-01-03 16:12:55
Agreed completely. Plus, I think that the internet opens up a possibility for more of a choose-your-own-government sort of model (and on a finer-grained basis than that implies) via licenses, arbitrators, etc., which we don't see much in the current state of the world, but could make a sort of techno-anarchism as safe and practical as any government, but with more of the freedom of anarchism.
People keep trying to unify the world under one rule, but what the world really needs is *diversification* and *freedom to experiment*, plus unity in cooperation via free trade, of course.
@_date: 2014-04-30 23:26:45
Greendale's probably pretty cheap.
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:29:02
Because more existing service infrastructure, for example, FDIC.
I will grant that the Bitcoin ecosystem has not matched the maturity of the dollar ecosystem, and that makes certain things easier/safer/more plausible with the dollar. That isn't because the fundamentals of the dollar are better - in fact, they're quite a bit worse. But infrastructure inertia is a very real (if a bit abstract) thing.
There's nothing stopping Bitcoin from being on par with fiat or better, even in these infrastructural ways, within 10-25 years. If all you need is "fairly usable", it'll be a much shorter wait - depending on your needs, the future may already be now.
@_date: 2014-06-26 14:37:52
He doesn't explicitly say so, but his motivation (at the end) strongly implies it. I'd try to find a better source, but I'm on my phone.
@_date: 2014-03-10 16:08:30
You're getting a lot of people who are asking you to hold onto BTC like it's an investment, but the silent voters seem to agree with you - for Jimmy Wales and Wikimedia, it makes more sense to cash out.
Holding long-term is good advice for some people/uses, but not *all* people/uses. Don't worry too much about a few members of the community pushing for long-term investment behavior. We've got your back, do what makes sense for *you.*
@_date: 2014-07-28 23:19:30
It's not, for multiple reasons, a few of which are:
 * Greater merchant acceptance
 * Greater consumer acceptance
 * Better defended against malicious entities
 * Code is more tightly scrutinized
 * More third-party tooling - wallets, proof-of-existence, and other things built on the blockchain
 * Liquidity (ability to purchase or sell large amounts of money frictionlessly, and without breaking the market)
 * Stability - the world ain't gonna switch to a different coin out from under you, and if they did switch, it would take a really long time. Yes, popularity breeding popularity *can* be a good thing!
The most popular cryptocoin will always end up being the safest bet that some random person or merchant will accept it (or at least have heard of it). It's got the most abstraction and tooling options, like escrow services. And it's just plain safest against blockchain forks.
If popularity didn't have a ton of positive side effects, then yeah, popularity *on its own* would be a really shitty reason. But it's those side effects that make popularity so powerful, and you really can't just sweep them under the rug and pretend they don't count.
@_date: 2014-04-27 21:58:20
I'll take your word for it, I guess? I spent all day playing VVVVVV and I don't have any brainpower left to try to make sense of Google Translate's bitter failure.
@_date: 2015-01-02 02:23:47
Efficient algorithms simply mean that you can do more of them for the same cost. And with competing miners, the difficulty will always scale to a cost equilibrium, regardless of how many iterations it takes to spend that much electricity. I don't know why people keep falling for the "efficient proof of work" fairy tale... the whole design is about using electricity and time costs to defend against attacks.
You won't magically get efficient proof of work by swapping in a different algorithm, although you can gain other benefits (like resistance to ASICs). And proof of stake is just an outright weak solution at even the most superficial level (let the rich control the coin, surely that will safeguard everyone's right to transfer money), to the point that it doesn't hold up without frequent pinning in the source code. There is no magic bullet. Only reliable, energy-expensive grinding.
@_date: 2015-01-21 04:57:47
Free speech is acceptable, paid speech is for hackers and child rapists!
- official stance of OP's bank
@_date: 2015-01-19 18:02:49
I explicitly covered this point, although it does bring up an assumption that's also with talking through. I've been assuming that the future data is simply dumped into the network without warning, but what if we had responsible disclosure?
**Responsible disclosure:** We publicly warn everybody without revealing the data. Maybe the headers, but not the block contents, as proof for skeptics. That way a conflicting block can be pinned in all clients beforehand... we have to assume it's just a matter of time before the future data is somehow leaked.
**Just dump it:** The scenario covered before. Yes, we can pin a conflicting block after the fact. But in the meantime, chaos reigns, many sites break, etc. When there's so much business logic out there rightfully assuming that 6 blocks deep = confirmed forever, and that all a site's transactions will be internally motivated... yeah. It's like if the Y2K bug had hit without warning, rather than people having time to prep.
@_date: 2014-01-30 07:30:30
It's easier to get the high-level purpose, and then get into how it works.
There's a bunch of uncommitted transactions floating around the network. Mining takes an arbitrary set of those transactions, assembles them into a block with no contradictions (I can't send money I don't have, or that I'm simultaneously sending to someone else), and then tacks that block onto the end of the blockchain (history of the ledger). The ledger is just the result of replaying the transactions in every block of the blockchain.
How it works, is basically "there are a lot of possible right answers, so let's pick the official one by random lottery." Miners assemble a block that pays the fees to them, and then try to find a number (called a nonce) that makes their block a winner. First one to find it, wins. The only way to find a winning nonce+block combo is to try a ton of different nonces until you find one that works.
@_date: 2016-03-21 14:47:50
We shouldn't accept or dismiss anything because Satoshi said it. He was a limited human being, like any of us, but he was also a genius who thought very deeply on this subject, so his thoughts are worth consideration. Not blind agreement. Not blind disagreement. But certainly consideration and respect.
@_date: 2015-01-16 22:32:00
That's actually an interesting thought experiment. How much havoc would it wreak to suddenly get 100 years of blockchain history before it ever happens?
Probably the biggest deal is that a ton of money is going to get transferred through addresses that were generated randomly in the original history - addresses that, due to chaos theory, will probably *not* be reproducible in the new timeline! The vast majority of Bitcoin will be produced, exchanged, and stored through addresses that are completely inaccessible.
The next factor is that mining will effectively die, at least for awhile. You have multiple factors at play there - halving events (which are timed by block count), unstoppable "competition" from the future, etc. By the time the network is caught up to the future, the system will have reacted so strongly to the new data that it will be effectively impossible to mine more blocks.
Another fun factor? Hard forks. In the next 100 years, Bitcoin will probably see at least 1 (understatement of the year) protocol upgrade that requires a hard fork. So mining software in the present would only accept so much history as valid before protocol differences break compatibility. This would be a limiting influence on the damage and insanity wrought by a future chain event.
And these are all just the technical side. Remember, Bitcoin does not exist in a vacuum. Most posts in this subreddit are actually on the societal side. And how would *people* react? Mostly by panic buying and panic selling. Even if you endeavored to HODL, your original history transactions could have a huge effect on your wallet balance, bankrupting you or making you rich. Bitcoin would simply not be a viable currency for investment or purchases anymore.
That's not to say it wouldn't have value, or that it couldn't be recovered. There's a lot of value in that future history, from an anthropological point of view, as well as security engineering. And Bitcoin could be hard-forked to treat all future transactions as garbage (by adding a specific blacklist against the first future block). It's just that the damage to Bitcoin-based companies in the meantime would put a lot of people under, and "confidence" would become a much more complicated question. Proof that Bitcoin survives for a hundred years, but also evidence that we have time-travellers who *can and have* dumped future blockchains on us, and may do so again.
As much as Big Data is a "thing" right now, it would become vastly moreso as a result of a future chain event. For future prediction, for selling stuff to people, for uncovering secret identities. And you can expect that to be controversial as hell - you think Big Data is polarizing now, just watch the battle lines get drawn when big companies can study your potential future purchases (with the conventional limits of blockchain pseudonymity, of course).
@_date: 2015-01-21 15:37:19
The value of Bitcoin is constantly changing with a high degree of variance?
@_date: 2015-01-02 02:30:35
Buy-in is a great indicator that a thing is worth researching and evaluating for yourself. It is not a guarantee that the concept is actually viable.
As Bitcoin haters remind us frequently, people have mass-invested in some really stupid shit because of marketing and momentum. So any cryptocurrency must be evaluated not just for its network effect (which can make it useful), but also for its fundamental properties (which can make it reliable).
@_date: 2014-03-31 05:59:26
Bitcoin is a geek currency. It attracts a lot of geeks - and what more sensible place to talk about Bitcoin, at any level of depth, than This is our sub, we were here first. We try to be nice and helpful to noobs, but that's not the only purpose of this sub, nor should it be.
If you cannot learn about Bitcoin by:
 * Googling basic questions ("what is bitcoin")
 * Asking questions in the Moronic Monday thread
 * Asking in ...we are not obligated to support you being a lazy researcher - if we do it, it's because we're being extra nice, not because you're entitled to anyone's time. And it's actually pretty arrogant to assume that you *are* entitled to that time.
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:22:14
Someone should use this as the basis for a respin of the old [Ed is the standard text editor]( copypasta.
@_date: 2017-02-25 03:47:29
The years that lubricate the exchange.
@_date: 2015-05-27 23:12:43
Oh come on. It's the former CEO of Apple. They've got the pretty, minimalist white cube in a shrine where they *claim* he's composting, and then there's the cryogenics facility where they're preserving his body for potential resuscitation.
@_date: 2015-08-18 05:47:27
Validating that echo chamber is a *terrible* solution, though. It's basically a concession that user consensus is a failure, a strong indication that your opponents have a better argued position than you do, etc.
Which is not even to say which way the facts lean. Just that fighting disagreement with censorship is like fighting fire with gasoline.
@_date: 2015-08-17 06:08:51
As a counterpoint, I'd say that Bitcoin has (so far) established a pattern of "what doesn't kill me makes me stronger, and I'm surprisingly difficult to kill".
Bitcoin was eventually going to have to deal with political chaos, in the same way that every relationship is eventually going to have to deal with a fight. The question is how it comes out the other side. This is the first time a thing like this has happened, and it will establish precedent for the future. If we don't completely fuck up, we'll not only survive it, we'll prove that political bullshit is a thing we can survive.
Just as well we handle this shit now, while the only other thing remotely newsworthy right now (from a future historian point of view) is the BitLicense thing.
@_date: 2015-08-17 06:20:56
But another side of this is that a lot of responsibility for that, is on the people who refused to even show up at the negotiating table.
We're seeing that this time around pretty clearly: we have evidence that we're approaching blocksize capacity, we need all the top brains trying to come to consensus on the details, and we have a bunch of top-level people holding:
1. Blatantly unrealistic demands for consensus, to the point that it can't really be interpreted as anything other than a stalling tactic.
2. A stance that no change is even warranted.
3. A holding pattern of not contributing for multiple years, and then demanding more time to figure shit out.
Yes, a lot of the responsibility lies on the people demanding change, and being so desperate for it that they settle for something half-baked (and then that ends up in history forever, good job team!). I'm not disputing that. But the fact that our core development team is clogged with the cryptocurrency equivalent of climate change deniers, should also be taken as a strong indication of *why* these things (when they do land, by necessity), have such an underwhelming amount of critical review (which is absolutely distinct from broad, obstructionist temper tantrums).
/prepares for red inbox and a lot of controversial voting behavior
@_date: 2015-08-17 14:45:33
.... I walked right into that one, didn't I.
Although at the rate this shit's going, "the next few weeks" is optimistic. This could take on the order of months to resolve, and could end up being one of those "correct decisions found through procedural hell" situations, like the Debian systemd decision. Correct choice, made before it was truly an emergency, but full of so much bullshit that it becomes an example of how not to do things in the future.
And that would be okay too. But I'd obviously prefer to set an example of us doing things right, more or less. Broad obstructionism is just so unproductive.
@_date: 2015-07-09 08:17:04
Well, for that matter, basically any Bitcoin-based solution will be mind-bogglingly slow compared to what the professionals use. I don't see much benefit for using colored coins to describe stocks, except maybe for long term holders, like employees who get stock as a bonus.
@_date: 2015-07-04 03:42:12
Yup. I've previously donated out of principle, and wanted to make an account today. I feel like a slight variant of the Fry meme - shut up and take my account info! I'm ready and eager to switch at this point, but there's shit all I can do while Voat is underwater from traffic.
@_date: 2015-09-02 17:40:41
Not as manufacturers switch to layered technology. Remember, these transistor layers are thin as hell, and all previous optimization has basically been for 2-dimensional size. Intel and Micron actually collaborated to create a whole different fundamental design that is "technically not a transistor" but can be layered pretty much indefinitely, and products are gonna be on the market soon.
@_date: 2015-04-30 18:59:06
On the internet, nobody can tell nervous laughter from regular laughter ;)
@_date: 2015-09-02 15:21:54
Alive and well for SSDs, though! That's what happens when you make storage out of transistors.
@_date: 2015-09-02 22:10:05
Complexity reduces comprehensibility, which reduces auditability. It also introduces more possibilities for error, which can be abused as a vulnerability.
This is not to say the rule complexity = insecurity is absolute. It's "simpler" to not require a password on your website, but that's obviously a broken security model, for example. But we should be *heavily skeptical* of complexity, and it has a very high bar to reach in terms of justifying its existence.
@_date: 2016-10-10 01:53:50
Or the Black Mirror episode _15 Million Credits_, where people live their whole lives indoors in a meaningless mandatory-ad-driven society.
@_date: 2015-10-01 16:25:09
If you don't mind, I'd like to add a supporting analogy. Violence and surgery are both performed with knives. On some occasions, the line between the two is blurry. But we usually have an idea which side an action falls under.
would clearly want everyone to believe his actions are surgery. I'm sure he even believes it, regardless of what people are saying about him being corrupted by financial incentives. Why else would he try so hard to justify himself on technicalities, particularly "I don't censor the BIP, just the fork"? But that doesn't make it so. There's very little difference between his actions, and banning the Anarchist Cookbook. In the end, the fact that dangerous ideas can win in the face of any and all attempts at burying them, is a fundamental part of what keeps society from devolving into a complete top-down oligarchy, mired in ownership of humans, centralization and limitation of technology, and nobody asking if there's a better way.
@_date: 2015-03-14 05:09:18
Eat crow is more common in America, but not so much in the last few generations. It's something my grandma or a pretentious journalist would say.
@_date: 2015-02-11 06:18:12
Maybe you'll answer this in another part. Maybe I missed it. But the point of order book sorting is partly to find overlap between limit orders, where the top buyer is proposing a higher price than the cheapest seller, right?
My question is, in those situations, what price is the transaction? It's not like market price, which defers to the other party.
My suspicion is that this is the "spread" thing I've heard about but never understood. Buyer pays his higher price, seller receives his lower price, and the exchange pockets the difference that the buyer overpays.
@_date: 2015-02-12 15:23:41
It does, thanks!
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:16:31
Yes, it's open source, which allows us to audit the validity of the software. In practice, this means that the small set of curious users do validation, and the majority rely on a trust relationship with both the software providers and the validation community. It's not practical for every user to audit.
And what's happened here is that the validation community has found a huge red flag that destroys any rational faith in the maintainer. It is not the job of the validation community to filter out the crap, it is to raise a stink when a maintainer feeds us crap, so we can stop trusting untrustworthy people.
Let's please stop pretending that openness is a substitute for trust, rather than an enabler. Or for that matter, that Luke-jr has a history of good faith with Gentoo or Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-12-24 06:19:06
Came here to say this. I left largely because of the politics that almost killed the currency at the time.
@_date: 2013-09-12 04:16:23
How does this work? A wallet effectively boils down to a keypair, so if you have a good keypair migrated onto a bad client, then where exactly are we relying on the weak RNG for transaction signing?
@_date: 2013-05-15 22:50:13
My thoughts exactly. Cryptocat already handles this nicely, I don't see what there is to gain by a BTC-specific forum except more security vulnerabilities.
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:27:40
"You don't think it was Al Gore, do you?" &lt;- best quote yet, was not expecting that guy to make a joke for the whole thing.
@_date: 2013-08-14 01:35:00
[War. War never changes.](
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:11:49
Bitcard/Cascasius coins. No need to reinvent the wheel yet.
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:53:02
A provider that you trust, same as exchanges now. The intention is to increase the number of trustworthy venues and foster competition, such that the best transfer methods are popularized, and exchange load is thoroughly distributed through the system.
@_date: 2013-06-07 15:43:35
It *does* grow the Bitcoin economy in that it makes it more practical to live off Bitcoin for a week.
@_date: 2013-08-29 19:51:18
And as long as there's any decently profitable scrypt coin available to mine, it'll still be a good deal.
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:26:55
Is it a trend in this subreddit for the OP to respond badly to a comment and then cry "sock puppet" when the community downvotes it? I swear, this is the second time I've seen that in but I don't think I've seen it anywhere else yet.
@_date: 2013-12-21 23:35:06
Client extensions like this still have to be written in JS - or even worse, as compiled NPAPI binaries. I'd be really amused to see someone try to write a blockchain wallet in just HTML/CSS.
@_date: 2013-12-03 21:18:31
So let's just ignore that any "tangible backing" system inevitably relies on a single centralized party that hands out promises of parity. Let's ignore that it could suddenly decide to break those promises and run off with the money. Let's ignore that it can be easily subverted or destroyed by a hostile government. Let's ignore the fundamental incapacity for privacy and vulnerability to economic censorship. And finally, let's ignore the complete misunderstanding of how the Bitcoin ledger works, including the network effect of membership (which cover both possible meanings you could have been implying with your "copied over and over again" comment).
If we ignore enough things, it's totally practical! More than that, it has a proven track record:
 * 
 * 
 * 
To be fair, I never said it was a track record of *success.*
@_date: 2013-05-13 17:47:56
I regret supporting Gawker's ad revenue. I've seen more thoughtful and interesting discourse scribbled in sharpie on a restroom stall.
@_date: 2013-12-11 17:07:49
I've been incubating a set of ideas around the idea of a blockchain forest for awhile now - originally under the name PolyCoin, and more recently as Odinhorse (because I like the idea of naming it after Yggdrasil, but the hell if *that* is a marketable name). It's more ambitious than that, though, and involves a bunch of other ideas that simplify exchanges, provide better support for contracts and smart property, and make it practical to have a united payment system across lightyears of distance (not that this is an immediate need, but it's a cool way to be futureproof).
I've been waiting for the ideas to get more mature, but if anyone is interested, I can do a writeup on the subject. It'll take awhile, though, obviously, especially since I'm only an hour into today's workday at the moment.
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:12:35




Note the swapped i and o.
@_date: 2013-10-21 22:08:38
If the U.S. dollar got really valuable, we might have to introduce "micropennies" that are worth 0.01 cents. This new unit doesn't change how much a dollar or a penny is worth, but it lets you work in *smaller fractions of* dollars and pennies.
Same thing with bitcoin. It won't make any difference to the value of 1BTC - that's right, none at all. It just lets you trade in things smaller than satoshis. So if you want to send someone half a satoshi, then this would let you do that.
@_date: 2013-05-09 16:41:39
Good call about the license. I feel like there's a Vietnam vet watching over my shoulder disapprovingly, drawling out "kids these days, always takin' freedom fer granted."


GMG might be a big enough deal to pressure them into "open now!" if they make an ultimatum. Will have to bring that up as part of the dev discussion.
@_date: 2013-04-12 03:04:30
Debit cards, then. And Bitcoin ATMs are a perfect application of a distributed trust system, since you can break out each machine as a separate provider if you want, allowing the network to naturally react to regional fraud, not just company incompetence.
@_date: 2013-05-06 01:34:18
I don't have a ton in my tip account, so I don't mind flushing it out and refilling a bit via Coinbase.
+tip ALL 1EoUJadqQWyuNwgs9ez1hsGewNkK7BrmpF verify
@_date: 2013-11-13 19:52:08
Just glad to have a way to help. Bitcoin makes it too easy not to.
+167rwiMqXaBC944NeM2krwMVbhEh4BnwVc 30 mbit
@_date: 2013-06-22 04:13:55
Well the author does clarify further on that structuring should merely be an audit trigger (much like a single &gt;$10K transfer), rather than a prosecutable offense. So the court still has to prove that actual laws have been broken, and structuring itself is not illegal.
I'm not sure that's unreasonable, not until we completely collapse into Mexico-level corruption anyways, but it looks bad because of the way it's split in half.
@_date: 2013-05-09 16:43:16
This is true. It's not actually hard to care about uniqueness and still feel like natural speech, as long as you pay attention, but it's something users will have to get used to paying attention to.
@_date: 2013-10-31 23:16:12
Yup. That's why [doesn't get any donations](
[Basically, I could tell you where to put your unwarranted skepticism, but it's more fun to imply it](
@_date: 2013-05-09 15:11:32
This is what the memo is for! It serves the dual purpose of being descriptive of the reason for the transaction, and helping to uniquely identify it (along with all other parts of the tipstring, like tip amount and recipients).
The standard interprets each unique tipstring as a unique tip, so if I was to tip someone 3 BTC in one place, and 3 BTC in another place with the same identstrings and memo, it would only show up as one tip in the system.
@_date: 2013-08-15 22:45:40
Yeah, I bet deweydb was talking about 2.3, not 3.2. I have a free-with-plan Gingerbread, and while I do want to update, it performs admirably.
@_date: 2013-05-14 04:24:53
Yep. Java is a security problem in the same sense that a tank-sized hole in a submarine is a structural integrity problem. No one should use it except in isolated VMs. It is the worst shit.
@_date: 2013-05-23 11:57:55
I actually do plan to make Go or Erlang ports of a few of my projects. And you're right, this would be a great project to use Go for. I'm gonna hold off on the port until I have a decent Python version, though. It doesn't make sense to split my time yet since pymads is still so young (and in such heavy development churn).
@_date: 2013-11-21 23:01:27
Reminds me of another quote that I will have to roughly paraphrase from memory:


@_date: 2013-05-08 05:30:44
Khashmir is awesome. I hope this time next year, an all-bitcoin lifestyle will be more comfortable - to call K a trooper would be a serious understatement, much like calling World War I a "bit of a kerfuffle."
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:58:23
Whatever the providers can work out. It can be two guys in a cafe, handing cash over. Nothing is prescribed by the protocol. BTC is transferred first, then fiat, as bitcoin has a public ledger.
@_date: 2013-04-05 15:56:30
Right. The worry is that if someone (such as BTC Guild right now) gets too close to 50%, and the central command server gets hacked, it doesn't matter the guild's intentions. You're still in double-spend-zero-confidence hell.
@_date: 2013-10-29 03:34:54
A man determined to turn his paranoia into legitimate concern!
@_date: 2013-11-09 01:44:13
There's mining, but unless you have an ASIC or a GPU farm (each of which is a significant financial investment)...
@_date: 2013-05-17 23:06:50
This isn't so much like bitcointip, as Everywherium with a feature to temporarily hold funds for sites that don't use bitcoin yet. Universal tip is a much closer analog to bitcointip.
That said, this looks like a great service, and I can't dog on your marketing too much, considering it's a mostly valid shortcut to conveying the meaning you want. I'm mostly just being a pedant and promoting utip :)
@_date: 2013-05-21 21:04:20
I'm a huge Bitcoin enthusiast, and I've lately been working on a Python DNS server, but it didn't occur to me until this post to [put them together]( When some of the more immediate issues are resolved, I plan to either do this myself, or put a BTC bounty for it on freedomsponsors.org.
@_date: 2013-10-02 21:21:11
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:59:51
Non-evil use for this tech in Bitcoin: vanity address generation. You want a vanity address? You gotta run in the farming pool for awhile. It's brilliant.
@_date: 2013-06-21 20:36:28
I haven't been this rustled about the conflation of cleverness since I saw some call satire "trolling."  There's a difference between wit and sarcasm, for christ's sake.
@_date: 2013-04-12 04:59:34
Good point. Single-provider escrow does have some good selling points, and would probably be just as safe with the trust model, if not safer.
@_date: 2013-06-11 17:43:07
What this says to me is that we want to put in more protections against runaway difficulty. For a low-volume altcoin, this could be as extreme as completely shutting down transactions if the difficulty increases too quickly - better to temporarily stop the flow of money than allow attackers to destroy the larger system.
For BTC, it's a much more subtle problem. You can't do a full-stop. What signals do you use to detect attacks, and what action do you take to protect the blockchain when an attack is under way? Luckily, this is a much smaller possibility for BTC, since we have the kind of absurd network hashrate that altcoins don't. But this isn't a guarantee - if you can quietly hack any 3 major pools over time, you can easily and suddenly grab control of the network majority.
I think in the near-to-medium term, Bitcoin will have to rely on network diversification, making it impractical to hack enough mining pools to get majority control. There is no emergency-handling mechanism that people will agree on very quickly.
@_date: 2013-06-07 15:39:24
I feel like there ought to be a legal requirement to watch 12 Angry Men before you can be a juror.
@_date: 2013-12-09 07:10:26
We all appreciate the archive.org services here. You folks are doing an amazing thing, and anything we can do to keep your systems online and archiving... yeah :)
+1Archive1n2C579dMsAu3iC6tWzuQJz8dN all verify
@_date: 2013-05-02 18:31:01
It's not lunacy until you visit the moon :D
@_date: 2013-11-01 05:28:49
As someone who regularly makes Bitcoin-based purchased on 2/3 of those, plus Flattr, just as I said I would, I hope you don't mind if I still resent your assertion that I am a fantasy creature. Reddit actually *does* get my tree fiddy on the regular.
@_date: 2013-08-15 22:48:19
An important point to mention is that this was an issue with the cryptographic random number generator, or RNG. This means that wallet *creation* on phones was fucked, but wallets created on desktops/laptops and imported onto your phone should be fine.
While the fix will never reach users of old versions of Android, app developers can simply use /dev/urandom directly for secure wallet creation, instead of Android's bullshit crypto API.
@_date: 2013-12-03 02:08:43
It's probably important to remember that there's a difference between "legal" and "ethical", and between "illegal" and "unethical". I can call you a fat cow, and that's not very moral of me, but I have a right to say that. On the other hand, it's illegal for a woman to walk around without being wrapped up in veils, if you live in a country under Shariah law.
Piracy is a complicated issue because we can all agree that it is *on-the-books illegal,* but there's a lot of disagreement over whether it's *unethical.* Do people have a right to prohibit others from expressing ideas or information? No. Do content creators still need means of getting revenue and recompense for the act of creation? Yes. Hence conflict.
Like you say, Bitcoin has a big advantage here, because it is not inherently ethical or unethical. It is amoral - like any kind of money, you can use it for good things or bad things, according to any definition of "good" or "bad". And of course, we prefer to think of its positive capacity to improve the world - remittance, for example. It's still on untread legal ground, but signs so far are surprisingly positive that it will be considered legal.
Even so, the point still stands that the banks will someday have a predicament - and argument - that is very analogous to that of the entertainment industry, if not exactly the same. Bitcoin's peer-to-peer decentralized nature will be an unstoppable force, carving the profits and lifeblood out of traditional banking, and those industries have every incentive to portray that in a frame of reference where "loss of profits" or "getting comparable services for free" is *stealing.*
@_date: 2013-05-09 15:44:43
Tent's a funny thing. Whenever I read about it, I always think, "that's exactly what the world needs! I should keep that in mind as a base for my next project." And then it's never really a good fit. That's not to say I couldn't modify the design of utip to use Tent.io, but I can also nail screws into 2x4s if I try hard enough.
That said, I do finally have a useful idea for Tent, as a federation layer for GNU Mediagoblin. That would help prevent those folks from reinventing the wheel, and it works well with their content model. I'll have to bring that up later in the freenode channel.
@_date: 2013-06-09 08:55:45
As long as you can type out the syntax correctly, the bot will work whether you're on a desktop, a phone, or a washing machine.
@_date: 2013-06-10 17:43:03
What the hell, I'll chip in too. Here's to your future, kiddo.
+1GiXrbFGFGSY8wQ1zDbArJnbgJZJVFNKdW 0.05 verify
@_date: 2013-05-09 15:08:00
It would actually pretty much work as you describe. You make a tip in reddit. Your browser plugin sees this, recognizes the tip, and reports it to the network. You plugin pops up a browser notification - "Do you want to approve this transaction?" And you click "Yes."
Not everyone needs to be using the plugin, especially since almost everyone tipping will also have the plugin installed. As long as some small critical mass of users have it, you have all the distributed tip reporting you need.
@_date: 2013-08-14 01:33:54
@_date: 2013-07-26 00:12:18
+1 beer
@_date: 2013-12-25 21:42:18
Well,  I feel silly now! And once again, folks, Bitcoin makes a point about why we (as society and individuals) need it to exist.
@_date: 2013-04-05 17:13:20
I'm going to assume English isn't your first language, give you a pass on the grammar soup, and guess at what you're trying to say (and also correcting the idea that I'm a Coinbase employee - I'm not).


First of all, let's make sure we're all on the same page of actually understanding the technical details of what's going on here. *There is no public directory.* The links live on Coinbase.com and have semirandom/unguessable URLs - when Googlebot finds one, it's because it found it through *your* site. There's no big public list maintained by Coinbase, or any such bullshit.
That said, you're right that Coinbase should either limit the information available on checkout pages, or put a better warning notice for people about to stick a checkout button on their site. Option A, option B, option B as a band-aid until fixing it properly with option A.... I don't give a shit, but they have to fix it somehow. Which is what I've already been saying.
@_date: 2013-11-05 16:46:17
It just occurred to me that, as someone who is still relatively young (early 20s) and has never done this yet - I might live my whole life and never have to do this. It's very plausible that by the time I need to send an international transfer, Bitcoin will already have taken over.
Hell, maybe we're already there. I've donated and tipped and paid people in other countries via BTC already. We truly are living in - if not the future - then at least an important generation.
@_date: 2013-05-10 15:10:11
Timestamp of what?
 * When the tip was made - how can any discovery agent know that?
 * When the tip was discovered - different for ever discovery agent
 * Part of the tipstring - more easy to lie about than to tell the truth, and just generally an unnecessary pain in the ass for tippers.
I actually did consider timestamps early on, and rejected them because there's no "thing to timestamp" that makes any sense at all. Timestamps aren't inherently good - everyone needs to be able to trust or verify that they're vaguely accurate, you need to know clearly what event the timestamp is talking about, and it has to be an event that "happens" simultaneously everywhere. And none of those requirements can be applied to utip.
Furthermore, in the specific case of the user providing the timestamp, there are specific user-friendliness reasons that's not a useful idea. The appeal of tipping is that it's something you can just quickly type out, without using some sort of plugin as a synthetic crutch. It's more or less pretty simple for the end user. "It's the utip syntax... I know this..." Requiring the user to figure out the current timestamp and paste it into the tip is a pointless burden no matter how you do it, at best causing an unnecessary reliance on browser extensions and at worst alienating people who tweet tips from their phones, and compelling most people to either just make shit up, or not use utip at all.
A memo field does not prohibit either approach. Tips made by robots can have a timestamp as the beginning or end of the memo. Or an ISO 8601 date, if the robot authors value human readability. Or just a random splatter of letters, which even a human can manage conveniently. It's just part of the memo. All of these use cases and more will "just work". If you want to use timestamps, you can, but you're not forcing other users into it (especially important for plugin-less tippers-by-phone). It certainly bends the "normal speech" property of the memo, but that was always more about ensuring that it *could* flow like normal speech, not that it *had* to.
@_date: 2013-05-08 02:59:18
This is why it would make more sense to fold those into taxes for actual services. You're already paying for electricity, water, etc. Sure it's a bit of a conflation to use that money to pay for the local government's copier toner and road repair crews, but in my mind, I think it's at least worth considering as an alternative to property tax.
@_date: 2013-05-09 15:33:34


No arguments there. One of the aspects that annoys me most personally is that unlike bitcointip, utip can't figure out the sender from context, so you always have to explicitly list yourself as the sender as part of the tip. Such are the tradeoffs and costs of making a tip system that actually spans the internet, which is why I don't intend for utip to ever *supplant* bitcointip, just to become a wider and hopefully cooperative service.


Visibility is actually one of the primary reasons for utip. It's been great at improving visibility in reddit, and would do great at improving visibility worldwide. After all, you're able to put a tipstring almost anywhere!
The downside, of course, is the lack of visible result. The flexibility of being able to put a tipstring anywhere has the side effect that utip bots won't generally be capable of responding to the conversation where the tip is made.
This will never be completely solvable - if I make a website that's just a blank page with a tipstring on it, no bot will every be able to modify that to include a confirmation, and that's a damn good thing - but it's solvable for certain scenarios, and I think that's the important point being brought up here (that needs to be considered as a future plan for the standard). Confirmation is cool, and we probably want to make sure third parties can trigger hooks based on confirmations.
@_date: 2013-06-18 20:28:13
That's pretty cool! It doesn't work for looking up "1" though. In fact, a lot of seemingly legit prefixes 404 like that.
If they fix that, I'll tip 'em, because it's a very cool and useful idea.
@_date: 2013-11-26 22:47:23
For the tip to work, it needs to start with +instead of just @_date: 2013-04-26 19:36:38
Right. Your web wallet is like your real wallet - never carry around more than you could afford to lose in a mugging. Keep the bulk of your money in other storage.
@_date: 2013-10-09 18:29:52
ASICs have a ways to improve before they peter out. I think they will within +/-2 years of the next reward halving - may or may not affect the timing of the upcoming drop, but will definitely affect the timing of the drop after that.
@_date: 2013-12-11 17:52:36
BTC is definitely first-mover in the *decentralized* currency space, or even more specifically, the blockchain-ledger-based-currency space. On the other hand, to call it the first online currency, or currency in general, would be absurd. Whether it is a first-mover or not really depends on how tightly you define the space around it.
@_date: 2013-12-03 23:45:05
So, at what point does Google buy it for a couple billion dollars? ;)
@_date: 2013-05-28 20:02:52
More like existing technologies just get drastically cheaper, allowing miners to scale out horizontally as much as they can afford.
@_date: 2013-06-22 16:11:26
You're right, I *should* have fed the circlejerk for free karma. This seems obvious in retrospect.
We agree, at least, that structuring as a standalone offense is insane. We disagree about whether or not it is reasonable to try to detect fraud by adding an element of human oversight for transfers more than $10K (which I would hate to see in Bitcoin, but am ambivalent about in fiat). And when you believe that the $10K sanity check is equivalent to slaves being brutally whipped by their white masters on the plantation, it only follows that it is further unacceptable to try to detect structuring for any reason.
I can say this for your position. As much as I dislike the way it's phrased, and your complete lack of respect for any opinions beside your own, at least your philosophy is consistent.
@_date: 2013-04-26 23:01:45
The best compromise between safety and convenience is a wallet-on-USB, always physically disconnected when not in use. For more safety, I recommend a paper wallet.
And best practice either way is to split between a few wallets so that your whole stash is not lost if a keylogger snags your encryption passphrase. Not so much a problem for Linux users like me, but most people are still on Windows, which very much does merit the warning.
@_date: 2013-12-10 22:49:30
*Mathazar! Activate the Omega 13!*
@_date: 2013-06-06 16:49:02
That's fantastic news. VLC is one of those projects I've always meant to pay back for all the use I've got out of it, but never did. Bitcoin is easy enough that I don't have an excuse anymore :)
+beer verify
@_date: 2013-06-20 16:41:35
Convert it to BTC and get it out with localbitcoins.com, or if you don't specifically need USD, Gyft.
@_date: 2013-11-04 07:33:24
Hahaha, wow, really screwed that one up. Let's try that again - probably can't use the same address, though, so here we go. Thanks for handing back the dough!
+14vrf4GJuQ4jMtcuZLnTrXSG4CZjnnm96o $10
@_date: 2013-05-28 21:34:47
It's important to note that Coinbase actually is federally licensed. They've put a lot of effort into being legit, more than many of their competitors and more than you give them credit for. Although your underlying point still stands - this is unexplored and swampy legal territory.
I have no doubt that Coinbase is doing all its "due diligence" to be legal, which makes it a perfect test case to see if that due diligence is good enough.
@_date: 2013-05-22 03:12:55
I'm familiar with the law. Unless I'm mistaken, the law only applies when the article has to ultimately admit the answer is no, which is not a trait of this article.
@_date: 2013-08-16 16:09:11
I looked into that awhile back. My phone was like, the *one* in its line that nobody supports in the alternative ROM community. Had there been a Cyanogenmod image compatible with my phone, I would have slapped it on post-haste.
Worth another look, I guess. Like I said, it's been awhile. I'd love to get rid of the existing, crappy vendor ROM. I don't expect to find anything, though.
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:14:07
Heck, why not. Education is nice.
+1JbMsdkqaZwt1u4MKxmFb5okKAbH5H6Jvz 0.03 BTC
@_date: 2013-04-05 16:06:09
Looks good to me!
+tip 0.05 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:50:54
As someone who dropped in a bit late and only caught the tail end of the criminal talk, it's amazing to see how bad it was. And it's reassuring that (by my very rough estimate) 3/4 of the total session time was *positive* instead of negative, focusing on how to apply *existing* regulations at the exchange level, rather than creating new laws (which I think is sensible, since this is the only level that guarantees country affinity).
Cheer up, people from two hours ago. Like those videos for gay kids say - it gets better!
@_date: 2013-05-11 06:06:44
I worry if I respond to this, I'll just be perpetuating a whole talk-in-futile-circles-and-never-agree cycle, which I tend to do. But I'm gonna go ahead and do it one last time :)


Well, it's still uniqueness-based, so lying about a tipstring is neither for or against anyone's incentive. You might as well be using random numbers, which is still one of many valid patterns you could use for memo strings, without being locked in to something arbitrary like timestamps.
Also, this is still completely ignoring that there is no concrete event the timestamp should be describing, which is all the more reason timestamps are meaningless. I'm not gonna restate this any further than that, since I already explained it pretty well in my previous reply.


Relying on a plugin works for the most common use model, but fails for pretty much every single other use case:
* Borrowed computer
* School/library computer
* Incognito/VM
* Any phone or tablet
* Console browsers
* Internet Explorer
* Opera/Midori/Godnosewut
One of the design goals of utip, though unstated, is that you don't inherently need an extension installed to use it. This keeps utip open to a wider infrastructure that is forward-compatible with exotic browsers and utip-oblivious devices. Extensions provide convenience, especially in terms of notifications and account maintenance, but have no business being a mandatory requirement of the infrastructure.
**EDIT:** To clarify, nothing that an extension provides is extension-specific. Notifications could easily be sent over SMS, email, IRC or XMPP. Account management can happen on the provider's website directly. Even if Apple blocked every utip app from the App Store  because of its control over transactions, it can't stop you from using a provider that has SMS notification and in-browser account management.
When I say that apps aren't a necessity to use utip, I'm not blowing smoke. That's a consciously designed feature. The only thing apps are really necessary for is discovery, but that doesn't require every utip user to have the app, just some critical mass of them, which I think is totally reasonable and something safe to expect.
@_date: 2013-08-05 21:00:52
This is awesome. I don't tip enough myself, so I'd be happy to give some to the party bot.
+18zQcTspmo7VPkMj7eqZVTTnvehe7G7FsB $10 verify
@_date: 2013-04-05 15:57:45
Correct. BTC Guild is actually already taking measures to limit their participants, because being too powerful in the network undermines confidence in Bitcoin as a whole.
@_date: 2013-12-15 02:48:47
Sorry, man. I love Bitcoin itself, but the subreddit can be kind of a craphole sometimes. A combination of unfettered bullishness, hyperdefensiveness, and general insecurity. It's a great example of a hivemind that can actually change moods fast enough for an outside observer to watch.
is a much higher-quality subreddit, but it's also more focused on day trading and such, and not suitable for general Bitcoin news beyond the biggest headlines (things that might actually swing the price). I've also heard good things about but I haven't actually spent enough time there myself to have a fully formed opinion on it.
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:33:06
What about transaction fees? I mean, the plan is to someday not have mined coins at all, and to support mining entirely through fees, and fees are already in use today (if you want to get confirmed in a timely manner).
I don't know the FinCEN guidelines, but would that count as "money changing hands"?
@_date: 2013-08-26 21:31:40
I got damn close to buying something in the demo. It's so simple and fluid. I expect that publishers will see a lot of success with this.
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:14:11
I'm just pissed because I didn't get to cash in at the bottom of the dip. The Coinbase daily limit is killing me.
@_date: 2013-12-22 01:17:53




@_date: 2013-05-30 16:50:36
If the internet dies across the whole globe, every currency is fucked big time. But every disaster in the last hundred years has been a *temporary* and *localized* disruption of service. Which means as long as you have temporary measures to work with, you'll be fine.
This is where things like Bit-Card come in, which coincidentally is trending pretty high in this subreddit right now with their [most recent update]( While you can't redeem any cards into or out of any wallets, you can reliably trade them for products and services like cash. As long as there's promise that you can redeem the cards when the lights come back on, those cards continue to have value and meatspace tradeability.
**EDIT:** My hope for the future is that most real-life in-person transactions *will* use some Bit-Card-like physical bills. It's convenient, natural, and it means that when the lights go out, it's one part of your behavior you don't have to change. There's nothing to prepare for, no scramble to convert your wallet into cards before the storm hits, *it's what you're already using.*
@_date: 2013-04-14 18:46:49
+tip 5 USD verify
@_date: 2013-04-23 15:35:02
Just what I was thinking. We could have denominations and everything, with different color/appearance.
@_date: 2013-10-23 19:56:20
You can always buy during the pop!
@_date: 2013-06-10 17:53:52
Let's see if I can grab the starter package via the tipbot.
+1Dy1gQShXG7uZkRZ7R3bmHhWWhxQsnPYdQ 0.19377 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-05-06 00:15:02
In other parts of this subreddit, I've had interesting discussions about Bitcoin "bills", paper wallets issued by private authorities. They basically work like cash in terms of being able to hand them to a deli clerk and such, except they can be "redeemed" into digital wallets by breaking the seal and scanning the QR-coded private key.
So for poor people with no access to the internet, the only things really holding them back from using BTC are infrastructural: a lack of BTC bill issuers, and a lack of vendors that accept Bitcoin. This isn't quite as chicken-and-egg as it seems, since internet-enabled users can drive Bitcoin vendor adoption, and vendors who support Bitcoin at all will find it easy to support BTC bills via cell phone apps (and eventually POS hardware).
@_date: 2013-12-22 01:12:53
See, the refresh argument is valid, but you still sound like a moron because you chase it with bullshit about sock puppet accounts. I've had one novelty account and one throwaway, and I forgot the passwords to both years ago.
If you lead with the signature argument, and stopped going on wild goose chases about sock puppets and the evils of JS, people would be taking you seriously.
@_date: 2013-04-05 15:42:14
Right, it's not that there *isn't* a problem. There is, although it's exclusive to people who are both A) merchants, and B) don't realize that adding a checkout URL to their site publicly associates their site, Coinbase account, and one or more of their email addresses (which would still probably be fine if Coinbase was more clear about this).
All I'm trying to curb is the blind hysteria that transactions are in some way publicly visible and Google indexed. It's not based in fact, it's based in panic and misunderstanding, and yet it's the prevailing idea in this thread, like a plastic rattlesnake inciting a stampede.
@_date: 2013-05-22 13:14:29
Wow, I get back on reddit in the morning, see this in my inbox, and expect to have to defend my language choice. And then it turns out the internet has already done a great job of it :)
And for those wondering "what's the point, if we're just going to be using a 'real' server in front of it," the point is it allows creativity and experimentation with DNS. How many people, even just among this audience, have ever thought, "I'd love to try (some interesting thing) in DNS, but it's pretty arcane, and I always read how amateur/poorly configured servers are abused by hackers. Nevermind." Well, fuck that.
Pymads makes it easy to do interesting things - it's fairly trivial to set up a server that regularly polls an external https:// url to refresh its data, for example, even though it's not specifically designed for that. Or a source that looks things up in a MySQL database, or NameCoin, or a distributed heirarchal registry (my own main use case, called DJDNS).
While speed will ultimately be a priority as it grows beyond low-traffic use and gets its fundamental features patched in (it is still very young), it will never truly be the top priority, which is already more or less accomplished: allow any generally competent programmer to serve DNS based on any data source, either as a standalone server or as a DNS-serving component of a larger program.
@_date: 2013-06-06 23:01:13
Yes, your coins are suddenly "cloned." You have an equivalent balance on each chain, so your total coinage is doubled. But your coins are all worth half of what they used to be.
If you cut a pie in half, you have double the pieces, but it's the same amount of pie.
Of course, this is all based on public valuation, like BTC's value has always been. While the "mathematically correct" market response is indeed both chains having their value cut in half evenly, you also have random noise, panic, and people picking sides, all of which will fuck price stability hard up the ass. Your total coinage will almost surely be worth less after a fork than before.
@_date: 2013-04-12 04:04:34
This is effectively the case where both users have the same provider. It's somewhat awkward for one provider to immediately hold all the money mid-transaction when there are two providers though.
@_date: 2013-06-06 22:56:22
Quite! is a bit of an echo chamber with a lot of common blather, but GB is consistently producing interesting and well thought-out articles.
+1ArFAXhvMbwJuub4ujnVbLFszqX3McuzsX beer verify
@_date: 2013-05-09 15:22:40
Everywherium is definitely interesting as well, and something I might use on my personal website now that I know about it. But it has a limitation that makes it good for what it's intended to do, and bad for what utip does. It requires the ability to inject unescaped HTML into the page, specifically, a &lt;div&gt; tag with an arbitrary "tip" attribute.
This makes everywherium less analogous to bitcointip, and more analogous to the page metadata that lets your browser know that there's an RSS feed available (not sure if Firefox still shows the icon for that, but it was one of my favorite features back in the day). Its sole purpose is to automate the "tip the owner of this page" process.
Utip, on the other hand, is something you can do in the comments of a blog, on a Google+ post, on Twitter, or on Facebook. Somebody says something clever on hacker news? You can tip 'em. And there's no special bot for hacker news, it's just a system that works everywhere. You could even theoretically tip via email under certain circumstances, like for example with publicly visible mailing list archives, but at that point it's probably easier and faster to just tip more directly.
tl;dr: Both are cool, but for different use cases.
@_date: 2013-12-15 02:40:32
In fact, those people are often the easiest to target, *because* they have too much faith in their capacity to see scams from a mile off. This makes them *less* cautious, especially for multilayered scams where the first step is to let the mark believe he's got the whole operation figured out.
@_date: 2013-12-15 03:24:31
If it's an infodump commercial, it should be *designed to be updated.* You see a lot of "what is bitcoin" commercials that quickly end up out-of-date, simply because of the rate at which the bitcoin scene moves. The price, big news story, and best example of X/Y/Z are all things that you will probably want to include, but would definitely need to swap out later to keep up with reality.
@_date: 2013-04-08 22:11:47
Thanks for being a voice of sanity in this discussion. I think in all our worry about government crackdowns and such, we forget that 97% of the government have just as much to gain by Bitcoin use as any of us, and it's the remaining 3% that will actually feel it as a threat to their power.
We want those 97%, those regular joes in government jobs, to use Bitcoin. The more people using it, the harder it is to kill, and that especially includes legitimate government business, because it adds such a sweet "shooting yourself in the genitals" flavor to any legislative action against cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2013-05-11 06:22:37
Came here to say this. NashX has the right idea how to "destroy" coins. Send 'em back out to the miners, let them reap a little extra reward. Easy come, easy go, right?
@_date: 2013-09-12 23:05:46
Glad to have a practical way to help.
+0.1BTC 1FreeBBjTK5XXXsnjYB8foyFhGGHoajpRF
@_date: 2013-06-05 00:18:34
As long as the issuers are reliable and the public key is exposed, the value of the "cash" is verifiable and trustworthy. The only possible problem is issuers retaining the private keys and spending the money after selling the "cash," but that also kills your brand, so issuers are actually incentivized to be *more* trustworthy.
If you have any specific trust problem that I haven't covered, let me know.
@_date: 2013-04-27 18:26:50
Right. Underlying point still stands, of course. I'd put ads on reddit if I could pay for them in BTC.
@_date: 2013-04-08 15:24:54
Great explanation!
+tip 1 USD verify
@_date: 2013-10-22 05:42:54
And let's not forget how bullish the Chinese government is, presumably with full understanding of how BTC could circumvent currency controls.
CCP may simply believe that ousting the USD from its throne of "universal currency" is worth the risk of capital control circumvention.
@_date: 2013-12-03 00:36:46
Well, the infrastructure is all voluntary. It's people who run Bitcoin software, who support Bitcoin payments, etc. "Tweaking the infrastructure layer" means "encouraging thousands of disparate people to participate in arbitrary altcoins." For merchants, this will be incredibly complex, for years - there is no real Coinbase for Litecoins, for example.
tl;dr: How easy is it to "tweak" human infrastructure so that all English-speaking people also speak Spanish, Portugese, Latvian and Swedish?
@_date: 2013-04-24 20:27:37
I see your point. This is another area where holographic stickers providing reputation dynamics would seriously help to mitigate the problem, but obviously, this is never 100% solvable. I don't think it will be a huge issue in practice, but some bill issuers (and self-printed bills) will earn a reputation of untrustworthiness because of things like this.
@_date: 2013-04-29 02:25:44
You don't, for sure. That's one of the things that holographic issuer stickers help mitigate. If an issuer starts producing bullshit bills, they're going to rapidly shoot their reputation into the ground, making their bills more onerous to use. Not impossible, but obnoxious enough that people will avoid using or accepting bills from them.
@_date: 2013-12-13 04:15:21
Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt. It's generally used as a synonym for malicious or ignorant fearmongering.
@_date: 2013-11-04 04:33:20
Awesomesauce. LO is fantastic software, and I love to help support it whenever possible.
+$10 1NTDb11Ap3a2giBBLs5di86LFyB5qCUQuq
@_date: 2013-05-21 18:53:39
This is why I really need to hook up Coinbase to do regular BTC purchases. I'm tired of never having enough coin to do stuff, and having to wait days to get it. Once I have a regular supply of purchased BTC, I won't feel so worried about spending it.
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:32:03
And of course, don't forget miner sinks like NashX. The most common way of disposing of bitcoin value (a weird and uncommon goal, but something that some people do) is to intentionally burn it all in transaction fees, by making low-value high-fee transactions back and forth between addresses.
Whenever a large amount of currency is redistributed with a miner sink, that chart jumps up like a dachshund discovering an electric fence.
@_date: 2013-04-05 16:17:58
No problem. Just doin' my part to make the world a better place :)
@_date: 2013-12-22 02:23:33
Look, your score is negative enough already, so I'm just gonna stop replying now. Hope your day gets better.
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:43:57
Not if his money is frozen ;)
@_date: 2013-06-06 00:26:41
Except he has a buttload of witnesses who will corroborate that OP was immediately distraught and confused by the loss, at the time that it happened. If Fuckface, as we shall call him, had been given the coins voluntarily, wouldn't he have told someone, simply because of OP's behavior?
@_date: 2013-12-18 06:38:28
With all the people losing hard drives and shit, I wouldn't want to store my life ransom on a super-small, easy-to-forget-in-the-wash medium.
@_date: 2013-06-06 23:07:53
Apparently I screwed up the syntax. /crosses fingers and prays to the moon
+1ArFAXhvMbwJuub4ujnVbLFszqX3McuzsX 1 beer verify
@_date: 2013-12-23 04:18:51
Quick, someone get the Wikipedia list of waterboarding centers outside the US!
@_date: 2013-09-12 04:49:39
Ah, that makes a lot more sense. Thanks for the explanation!
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:14:34
I want to downvote you because your comment is irrelevant and shallow.
But I also don't want to imply that you're wrong. Because as pointless as it is to her role at FINCEN and this hearing, yes, she sure is pretty.
@_date: 2013-05-06 00:34:22
If the miners don't upgrade, or wait until the change is reverted before upgrading, then it won't have a significant effect on Bitcoin. It'll just slow down some transactions.
@_date: 2013-05-06 00:24:21
I'm not going to argue about the suitability of BTC for microtransactions, but I'd like to point out that this was one of the clumsiest possible ways to bandaid the problem, and will cause bigger problems down the road.
Not only that, but you're deflecting from OP's point, which I think is a good one - thanks to the total lack of warning, this change is gonna fuck people's shit up. With warning, people would have time to debate and fix their code to avoid microtransactions and stuff would still work the morning after. This is gonna be a really bitch for the ASICMINER folks.
@_date: 2013-06-19 19:14:48
It's like digital gold, they said...
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:55:35
No intermediate currency between what you want and what you have. Both approaches have their advantages, and I don't have any intention of bagging on Ripple. It's a perfectly decent solution, for people who aren't put off by the indirection.
@_date: 2013-12-04 01:42:12
It's a bot that manages a wallet for you, and associates it with your reddit account.
In the tip I did, it sent directly from my managed wallet to the bitcoin address listed on  If you have a "verify" at the end, the bot will make a public comment verifying that you sent money. If you don't have a "verify" on there, it will just private message the sender.
In some subreddits, it's considered bad ettiquette to clutter up the threads with verification messages. In this case I was just lazy. But you always have the option between "public verification or not."
@_date: 2013-10-25 21:54:11
Hey, as long as you don't let the haters get you down, eh? Whenever you have a down day, remember that just in this subthread, he got downvoted and you got $20.
+$20 verify
@_date: 2013-05-09 22:31:21
Same here. I had a very conflicted reaction of "Hell yes!" and "Oh for FUCK'S SAKE" all at once. Mind you, I need to get more coinage in my wallet, as such a transaction would have cleared me out like a barrel of bran flakes anyways.
@_date: 2013-05-06 01:28:04
Well it's not difficult to stop using satoshis as a signalling device, given some lead time to update your code. It's that "given some lead time" bit that's problematic here. Although admittedly, miner adoption will provide some completely unpredictable amount of lead time, we'll just have to wait and see if it ends up being enough.
@_date: 2013-05-09 16:09:04
Absolutely. I do point this out as one of the downsides, and consider it to be an open problem for providers to deal with, somewhat analogous to email spam.
The most important provider filter, I think, is to be wary of unicode-y characters and misspellings that could visually fool you, and thus subvert manual approval, which should always be a reliable fallback, if not a convenient one. From there you can start to add on more anti-spam measures like blacklists, investing more trust in people you've tipped before, making use of the identstring web of trust, etc.
@_date: 2013-04-24 15:24:12
Well, the public key is right on the front. Presumably, you can just scan the bill, and determine the balance for that wallet based on the blockchain.
Of course, you want some guarantee that the money won't be swindled back out of the bill between the time you accept it, and the time you move its money into your personal wallet. This can be handled with an extra holographic sticker, applied by ATMs and such, verifying that "Bill Manufacturer X guarantees this paper wallet to contain 10 BTC". This would be placed in the top-left corner where the denomination would normally go anyways. This makes Bitcoin money prettier, more user-friendly, and guarantees that unless the person who handed you the bill has a secret relationship with the issuer, he can't swindle you with prior knowledge of the private key, since only the issuer knows that.
@_date: 2013-05-21 21:45:57
Although this seems to be an exception to the law, since the question is still left open-ended but leaning toward *yes.*
@_date: 2013-05-22 13:22:40
Actually, this was very helpful. I don't have a great understanding of the JSON RPC protocol NameCoin uses, and was planning to use the ncproxy code in the official NameCoin repo as a code reference. But your code has an example of name lookup that makes more sense for this application than what ncproxy uses.
It seems facetious and backhanded to say I'll be using one or two lines from your code, but it's not. It really is useful, and will vastly improve the quality of the NC source in pymads, because I'll be using those one or two lines instead of ncproxy's 100.
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:12:08
The big problem is that to do business in the US at that scale, you need to deal with an immense amount of paperwork, licensing, etc. Literally, you need full-time lawyers on your staff, because the legal situation here is bumfuck retarded.
Not everyone with a vision also has $50 Million to spend on legal compliance. This barrier-to-entry keeps big companies safe and little companies from happening (for the most part).
Coinbase had the investment it needed to clear the hurdle, but they're just as pissed off as anybody that the hurdle exists to begin with. Hopefully one of the positive influences of Bitcoin on U.S. monetary policy will be a reform of the money transmitter licensing situation, because there's a huge market for companies that basically cannot exist under the current law.
@_date: 2013-05-08 05:30:48
Khashmir is awesome. I hope this time next year, an all-bitcoin lifestyle will be more comfortable - to call K a trooper would be a serious understatement, much like calling World War I a "bit of a kerfuffle."
@_date: 2013-08-29 21:11:57
Find your bitcoin address in the list on the homepage, I guess.
@_date: 2013-04-05 15:17:43
Well, it wouldn't actually be terribly useful, because *they aren't actually receipts.* They're checkout pages. This is like going into a McDonalds, looking at the pricing board, and going "OH MY GOD THE PERSONAL INFORMATION!" The only privacy problem is for sellers, who may not necessarily want their "pricing boards" being indedexed by Googlebot.
@_date: 2013-11-13 20:03:51
Aww crap, I did the digits wrong. 30 mbit == 0.3 BTC, and I only have about 0.03 BTC in my account. Sorry I couldn't accidentally donate $120 :/
+167rwiMqXaBC944NeM2krwMVbhEh4BnwVc 3 mbit
@_date: 2013-07-01 22:39:56
I doubt anyone gives a shit about that, but the issues with Mt. Gox recently on the USD side? That seems plausible to me as a reason for the recent decline.
@_date: 2013-09-11 20:30:44
And it only affected wallets that were generated on the device, for apps that relied on the Android API for RNG instead of using native Linux functions. If you are:
 * Using unpatched Android
 * Using a smart phone client that uses the Android RNG API
 * And creating wallets on that device
Those wallets will have compromised security. But it has to be a confluence of all three things.
@_date: 2013-05-18 17:37:53
It's a rough standard, but there is no code yet implementing it. I plan to write the basic stuff around the end of this month. I personally never plan on writing any full-featured clients, provider websites, etc., but I would be happy to contribute to any open source ones. The basic infrastructure stuff is simply all I have the time or inclination to write from scratch.
@_date: 2013-06-04 19:52:29
Sure, but if you really want Litecoins, you will get more of them by mining BTC and trading, than you will by mining Litecoin directly.
@_date: 2013-06-10 19:22:11
That is awesome. I love you guys!
@_date: 2013-11-26 22:50:18
Huh. I was vaguely familiar with Boxing Day, but had no idea it had become an across-the-pond counterpart to Black Friday. TIL!
@_date: 2013-11-19 06:19:00
Well, consider the spread between exchanges right now, because the Chinese Yuan-to-USD machine is pumping through Bitstamp way harder than Gox.
We may not have the same situation as April, but we've got enough in common (and enough interesting new twists) that we should get ready for *anything,* because that's what could happen. Anything.
@_date: 2013-06-10 17:45:54
Rejected for a parse error. Take 2.
+1GiXrbFGFGSY8wQ1zDbArJnbgJZJVFNKdW 0.05 BTC verify
@_date: 2013-07-13 06:27:06
In answer to the title question, I can't imagine it's the only role Bitcoin will play in the future, but I think it's a valid and exciting *part* of Bitcoin's future, and worth keeping an eye on.
@_date: 2013-06-17 21:09:28
Well, that's not quite the whole truth. Scrypt has relatively high memory demands, intentionally, and that's a serious engineering roadblock for making scrypt ASICs. A beatable one, if there's enough incentive, but it'll hold of scrypt ASICs for awhile.
@_date: 2013-12-03 21:35:05
There's a lot of room to take this article apart, but the author's primary complaint is one that might actually be worth taking seriously. At least, what I interpreted to be the primary complaint.


We love to treat the USD/BTC exchange ratio like a scorecard and cheer at milestones, and there's nothing wrong with that per se, but we can sometimes forget to consider how much of the market depth is "real users" vs "weak hand investors". The April bubble happened because we had a fuckton of new money coming in from people who didn't care about Bitcoin, so much as making money off a rapidly rising line chart.
Everyone treated that layer of weak-investor money as if it was solid. And then the trend inevitably reversed, people panicked, and all that money evaporated, as substantial as a fart in the wind. By the end of the bubble, you could see how much of the value increase was "real", and how much was just a mirage based on insane positive feedback loops.
It's hard to say whether that's the case today, or more usefully, *to what degree* it is the case today. I think we're on much more solid ground lately than in April, despite the meteoric price rise. But there will always be *some* amount of investment that's "shallow", and will pull up stakes the second an anonymous stranger in the trollbox starts yelling "sell". And a little of that is fine - the only problem is when the shallow money outpaces the long-haul investment, and it starts becoming a crazy recursive speculation mess.
As time goes on, this will become less and less of a problem as more people use Bitcoin as a currency, and help outweigh the people using Bitcoin as a get rich quick scheme.
@_date: 2013-04-26 19:34:48
Clients can be configured to never charge fees. The tradeoff is that it will take fucking forever to confirm those transactions, especially during high transaction volume times, because zero-fee transactions are the lowest possible priority transactions in the queue.
@_date: 2013-04-12 03:12:33
If Ripple has direct exchange capability, built-in web-of-trust, and escrow capability, or equivalent features, then Automica (or whatever we end up calling it) would be totally superfluous. And I'm fine with that, the important thing is the features, not the label. I don't know enough about Ripple to say for sure either way whether that's the case, though - I spent awhile reading up on Ripple, and there's still a lot about it that is murky to me.