@_author: raindae
@_date: 2017-01-26 01:47:34
Your putting the cart before the horse. It doesn't need planning. Any HF would be telegraphed. The incentive not to lose money would do the rest!
Imagine you have a couple of bitcoins, are you really gonna twiddle your thumbs whilst it all happens then shrug your shoulders when you lose your coins because you didn't upgrade.
Rational actors.
@_date: 2017-01-26 01:47:23
If your supply chain is 2 months long, and the price spike in Jan truly consumed 2 months of supply, then you have my sympathy.
Not my business, mind you, but my sympathy.
@_date: 2017-01-22 20:25:08
@_date: 2017-01-26 01:48:00
There's a limited amount of block space available, the best way we know of to ration scarce resources is to set up a market.
Miners have to eventually transition to being funded by miner fees instead of inflation. I don't think its a coincidence that all these backlogs started so soon after the halvening in July 2016 which dropped the bitcoin inflation rate down to 4%.
Finally, bitcoin requires full blocks to be stable after inflation drops. Otherwise there is no incentive for miners to step the chain forward instead of constantly orphaning the tip. Read this blog post: Bitcoin is unstable without the block size limit
It's time to realize that the bitcoin blockchain is not a payment network with a good user experience. That can be provided very well by layer-2 solutions like Lightning Network. The purpose of the blockchain is to provide low-trust currency, that's what makes bitcoin special.
@_date: 2017-01-26 01:48:22
You seem to be implying there is a fundamental trade off between scaling to allow for more transactions and keeping the operational costs of running a full node low in order to ensure more distributed verification.
There probably is, but the current costs/inconvenience of running a full node in perpetuity already precludes many people from doing so. I think generally the people who are running full nodes now have the very moderate additional resources to support larger blocks (not exclusive with increasing tx efficiency/density).
I think a more serious concern for centralization is that the tx bottleneck and inevitable tx fee price floor locks people out of the market via increased fees and/or people are forced to rely upon off-chain services to use bitcoin.
In the former case the dramatic increased adoption of bitcoin that many hope for will almost inevitably force everybody but the rich--medium-to-large institutions, people with lots of fiat, people with lots of bitcoin, etc.--out of the market. In the latter case the bitcoin that (most) people use stops (by any reasonable definition) being bitcoin. I would argue that if we as a community accept either case as an acceptable outcome (i.e. do nothing) then bitcoin will die, as rich people don't need bitcoin to protect their wealth they have governments doing that for them. And most poor/average people are already forced to use an intermediary to access the wealth that is by right theirs.
So--you don't say this directly--if you're saying that larger are undesirable because they cause centralization, I raise you that without them (or some other ingenious and unexpected development) bitcoin will never become what it needs to in order to become relevant (i.e. not be abandoned for altcoins who seem to have their shit together).
P.S. sorry my response is kind of disproportionate to what you wrote that inspired it, but I figured it was better to write it out than not
TL;DR The need to scale bitcoin is much greater currently than the need to prevent centralization (not saying centralization is acceptable, but I haven't seen many proposal which would inevitably lead to an unacceptable amount of centralization whereas the path we're currently will certainly destroy whatever hope bitcoin is to the masses.)
EDIT: For the record, so that nobody misunderstands, I support Segwit, larger (flexible) blocks, and the Lightning Network (subject to the technical details of functioning implementation) in that order.
@_date: 2017-01-26 01:47:44
Its not about contentious or not. The problem with ethereum was its fast difficulty adjustment. That allowed it for people to keep the leftover chain alive.
In bitcoin since the difficulty adjustment takes weeks, a correctly timed fork (right after the difficulty adjustment) would cause the leftover chain to take forever to produce new blocks (due to less hashing power with equal difficulty) and would leave that chain obsolete.
