@_author: rakajj
@_date: 2018-01-29 16:35:28
I think your first two paragraphs are on point.
I think your third is a mess, it's just sort of a misguided rant against Neil DeGrasse Tyson that isn't relevant to your previous points at all.
You make an analogous reference to NDT and in doing so frame the discussion of him as someone who isn't in the top tier within his own field by comparison to others.  You are doing this to make an argument asserting that people frequently comment outside of their area of expertise and that our treatment of them as experts worthy of deference and respect needs to be adjusted appropriately when they are addressing topics outside their wheelhouse.  NDT is basically an evangelist for science, his education is in astrophysics and he uses that in his position as the Director at the planetarium for the American Natural History Museum in NYC.  
His role professionally is to promote science via the planetarium / museum, not to necessarily perform research.  You can gripe that he's not publishing papers, but I don't know that I've seen many occasions where NDT was making statements in conflict with the other experts in his field.  His focus is on making science more accessible and digestible for the wider audience which is what I think most people appreciate him for rather than for having made some stunning discovery.  
Now you could say that this is what Krugman does in his column when he's talking about economics, making economics more accessible to a wider audience, but beyond that I can't wrap my head around how you're connecting Krugman and NDT and what parallels you're suggesting exist.  Despite PKrug's accomplishments largely being in the macro world and trade he's sufficiently versed in economics more broadly to be able to recognize the fairly obvious flaws with BTC.  Given the sheer volume of [manipulation]( the volatility of the market, and a number of other factors its almost demanded of serious economists to neg BTC and dissuade people from putting their money into such a high risk investment.  
@_date: 2018-01-29 16:42:57
It's just utter drivel from rightwing media that he's parroting. 
Bad-faith talking heads who benefit personally from pushing false and misleading talking points have convinced them all problems are a result of either government regulation or government taxes.  
They're too ignorant about how the rest of the world operates to recognize that the US is under-regulated in many ways and the over-regulation that does exist doesn't remotely exist for the reasons they think it does or cause the problems that they attribute to it.  If you want to evaluate the sincerity and legitimacy of their regulatory claims, one must look no further than what the Republicans do when they get a chance to slash regulations and look at what gets cut and what doesn't.
The regulations they go after are always talked about in abstraction or the same greatest hits list gets mentioned when in reality its legitimate and well justified environmental or safety protections that get the axe to drive down compliance costs for their donor industries.  
@_date: 2018-02-13 18:10:12
Krugman's critique is not of the bitcoin technology, it's of a currency tethered to nothing other than its own supply and demand as I understand it anyway.
My understanding was that he's not saying that all cryptocurrency will fail or is a bad investment, but this one in particular is for a number of reasons that aren't directly related to the tech or blockchain necessarily.   
I imagine if asked his opinion on one with more established backing and less volatility/known manipulation and shady fucks connected to it he'd sing us a different song.  
@_date: 2018-02-13 19:30:32
Agreed.