@_author: rakeguitar
@_date: 2018-01-23 18:18:36
Ok, let's go!
So you are correct, the government can't invest as well as an entrepeneur nor a businessman. Meanwhile the businessman can't miss a target 3 times, the government can generally miss as much as it can at the expense of the people.
It's much less effective even in comparison to the individual, that by studying at a university earns a degree that with 8h/day can make a lot of money and eventually become a businessman. You are right, you see?
Now, I'll get into the specifics, some countries have low debt but are undeveloped, some countries have huge debts and are developed(japan, USA). Brazil stands around in the middle. I would argue that in comparison to most of the world, it's actually doing pretty well. Check the values. It isn't that big, or anywhere big. Given how much potential to grow Brazil has in comparison to other countries(have you travelled abroad? I urge you to, and pay attention to how things are harder for locals, how hard it is to make money abroad in Europe, for example, even in comparison to Brazil).
Now we are at Brazil has some decent amount of debt. Brazil is a country with more public companies than the US, and from the first reasoning, governments are terrible at managing money and a lot of money is spent there without proper return. Bad no?
Now imagine you and me are gods and we are discussing about the future of Brazil, the place that you live and the place that I've lived and really love it, would love to come back once things are back on track and I think I can really steer something nice over there.
You'll easily see that those public companies and government spending will lower, as other countries think that the Brazilian government spend too much money with bullshit and is less willing to buy bonds from it, as crisis happen. Event follows and so on. It eventually privatizes it's Correios and banks, as it must get more money from other countries as debt(for other expenses) and the country start to get more and more competitive and able to pay that debt, suddenly, everybody wants fucking brazilian bonds and you have them, paying you 13%+ a year with a low inflation and with the currency going down, you've just made yourself some decent money. Meanwhile in europe nobody ever thinks about getting bonds because they sometimes pay a negative rate...
This is also not mentioning that a lot of the debt that the country gets could go through it's central bank to the hand of entrepreneurs which steer the country forward. But in order to do that, the country needs to have the people with a better culture, mindset, education, laws, willingness to follow the law and so on. All those things are being improved at times of scarcity, since very old human history you'll see episodes that are shady as fuck, but because of them, a lot of social and productivity progress is made. Brazil, like other countries, is suffering this.
The national bank controls how much money flows into business in every country in the world, by defining how much interest it's willing to pay, this in the end becomes something called 'debt' which has no meaning, unless you are a country in severe debt, such as the US... YET, it still doesn't hurt much the US, does it? It is still the biggest economy in the world...
You might be thinking to yourself, why the fuck do we need the government to control this? Why do we need a national bank?
Just imagine if everybody would be bound by the laws of a country, but the economy and everything would be defined by a third party, maybe a few of them? If one would collapse, all of them would.
So it makes sense to stick as a country, or it has, since we've started to understand how we can live in societies, which are very complex structures we've discovered and we are still discovering better ways to handle it
While those crisis are happening we as humans, get a bad feeling about it, but the way the modern economy works, unless a country goes into a different kind of government, such as Venezuela, the economy will always have it's up and downs. As a human being, you can avoid this by being out of the country if you can.
About the 'slave' comment. Everybody is a slave at some degree, and if you are typing in a computer, you might have as well bought something that for a handful of companies costed a few pennies of people working 16h a day. But you still bought the computer.
You can't run away from this. This is the system and the system is complex. You can as well make money from companies that doesn't slave people(and generally, they are the ones who make the most money, think about it). But that company need to buy computers and other things to survive which might involve slaves. Hell, even your clothes are mostly made by very low paid/slave work. Do you always check the precedence?
People look at stocks as a piece of paper, but you are actually buying a piece of the company, which has employees and serves a purpose, there are sure prettier things in the world like charities(which also are very corrupt), but isn't it beautiful to contribute to something that actually makes society better, instead of just eating another Mc Donalds? I wonder.
Money is the Synthesis of work. Work is money, money is work. If you agree with people working smarter can lead to great benefit of others, why wouldn't investing your money smart lead to the same?
But oh well, I get what you mean, after getting all those philosophy and history teachers tell u a lot of shit for more than a decade some people get to hate it, but your teachers didn't understand math, or how modern society really works... yet, they were lecturing yourself in that subject.
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:24:13
1. So, you don't understand economy. Being able to have debt for a government or a company is a great thing. It might be interesting for you to learn it then. It's interesting to see how dogmatic it is for you, 'I'm morally opposed'. It's like a religion, but actually, you don't grasp the concept and believe in something that doesn't make sense which makes you refrain from investing. Ha. I think you just don't like it and think bitcoin is cooler and is in the libertarian bandwagon without knowing what is the way(not knowing economics but libertarian, lol).
2. People are generally dumb, as you've noticed yourself, brazilians in general aren't the most savvy with their money nor business in general. Meanwhile you think it's a fucked up country, you still believe on whatever people believe there? Hm.
Don't take me wrong as it's very possible that just you and me are talking here and you might be better than me on many other things. I'm here just to help you with a reality check about your finances. I struggle with other aspects in life, I'm a human!
My only point is: it's good to diversify, and when diversifying and investing, 'moral' or our dogmatic thoughts should be left far far away.
I've invested 10% of all my assets in bitcoin a while ago, now it's over 50% and I'm selling most of my bitcoin, until it's 10% again. It's how somebody would invest in something, by diversifying and having a portifolio that isn't composed of only cryptocurrencies. Because by doing that, you are just a kid in a casino. Sometime you might get lucky but on the long term you'll get rekt.
@_date: 2018-01-23 09:49:00
1. Why are you morally opposed to it?
Isn't it ok for countries to have debt? Do you understand economics?
2. How come Brazilian companies are shit?
I've been investing in stocks for almost 10+ years and managed to find good companies which even though our main index, ibovespa had a ATH of around 70k 10 years ago, it just reached 80k now, I still made a lot of money.
3. A little about about Brazil's companies
Some companies have good and others bad management, they aren't that much different from american companies in that sense. Usually, in all of them, you will find Harvard execs all around and people with lots of credentials. Just saying it's a fucked up country also won't help, it does have its problems, but I can pretty much sum it up in a few words in a sentence: it's the brazilians.
I don't live in Brazil anymore though, I'm currently taking my funds out as I can't invest in Brazil being abroad without a lot of bureaucracy. But I 'would give an arm' in order to. Brazil's economy and stock exchange got much more opportunities than the US or Europe(where I'm currently based at).
Just because a country isn't on par with developed countries in security, education and quality of life doesn't mean that it can't give you a profit. More like the opposite.
@_date: 2018-01-25 20:01:56
If you avoid companies owned by the government or from field u don't understand and always check the balances of the companies after learning very basic accounting, I'm almost sure you can't go wrong.
People lose money on stocks there because they keep checking recommendations and shit(which aren't worth shit). The first thing you would learn at a good economics college is that you shouldn't follow anybody, but just watch and observe.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:43:50
it's not his fault
it's bitcoin that is a trashcoin
it's hard to find nowadays a crypto currency as slow as bitcoin
it's stuck in time, with false promises from the core team
we need new devs
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:02:38
i don't like bch anymore, xrb is the new hype. 7500+ tps, no more blockchain bullshit.
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:24:52
just sell it, bitcoin is going to shit
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:42:54
ur too late to the party
bitcoin is dead