@_author: rakeshkristoval
@_date: 2015-03-24 05:43:15
The whole week I am (the bit-news.ru owner) and few other Bitcoin popular web-site owners in Russia gathered in Skype conference &amp; still keep chatting on discussing the ways to improve the whole community. We have plan on popularizing not only our Bitcoin subreddit, but the other existing Russian subreddits (because the whole reddit concept unfortunately isn't popular yet for Russian Language). We believe reddit offer more decentralized &amp; more news ranking solution which is much more superior to our still centralized media where users has no way to express their opinion in comments &amp; have no way to participate on voting for the content.
Our goal - is keeping reddit community in Russia so active, that new users would have reliable place to come and ask any Bitcoin questions. Additional goal - is providing some alternative place (since  was *banned* &amp; in case if government will start ban more web-sites, we should have more community places known to users)
Right now we're only 4 people but we're strong Bitcoin supporters and work full-time on our news web-sites &amp; video portals (translating Bitcoin videos).
More member of our news web-sites team will come throughout the day here to introduce themselves. Ask Me Anything / Ask Them Anything, and any feedback/ideas on our community work is appreciated.
@_date: 2015-03-21 01:34:32
I am total newbie, so I might be cryptographically wrong, but I think this might work for someone:
I found out its incredibly convenient to store Bitcoins in a cold-storage mode by generating addresses using brain-wallet services like BitAddress.org.
But I always haven't trusted myself in terms of savings - I always keep spending everything I've saved once I get some depression money is gone...
Since BitAddress.org provides SHA-256 brain-wallets based on Phrase, I got an idea what if I'll create some sort of bicycle lock with my phrases? What if instead of putting all of my life saving into 1 phrase bitcoin address, I will put it into many? Let's say its gonna be phrases like SatoshiNakamotoSaviour23897, SatoshiNakamotoSaviour19851, SatoshiNakamotoSaviour54891, SatoshiNakamotoSaviour78910, SatoshiNakamotoSaviour64378
As far as you can see I'm using different random numbers from my head - and I am not remembering them on purpose. I'm not puting huge amounts into each brainwallet, just $2-$5 per each. And that's really helps!
Since January 2014 I am already don't remember how much times I put my money into such locks! And that's a beautiful thing! And since I kept sending it to such addresses from my main wallet, I can the list of that addresses and can control that funds are still there, but since I don't know the numbers of my personal locks, (there's too many of them from 00000 to 99999), I have some confidence that I won't spend my funds so easily!
I know if you're some mega-hacker you can write some script, to bruteforce your own locks from 00000 to 99999. But I think its not honest and I believe I would never do that to break my piggy-bank... So this absolutely works for me.
Hope it helps for somebody else too...
@_date: 2015-03-21 07:59:17
I don't like Paper Wallets, because I would need to figure out some physical vault to store them. I don't mind remembering any privatekey-long phrase (litterally remembering), but not relying on the physical world (I trust my mind more than physical world, because physical things gets lost all the time).
So few community members recommended me to use stronger and longer base passphrases for brainwallets, and I think its a brilliant idea. There's no computer that can crack 50 chars long passphrase consisting random characters, letters without any mention in wordlist.
I understand your concern about super-computers who would crack everything on their way. But they will have to work million years if you're talking about 50 chars random-random brainwallet. Am I right?
@_date: 2015-03-21 02:10:51
you're talking about the topic or about my insecure passphrase? Stob it. You better wathc on the idea first.
@_date: 2015-03-21 02:09:02
what. its good enuff