@_author: rakyta711
@_date: 2017-05-25 02:11:39
Lol. I see your concern, and I completely agree with you. However this is not a scam or Ponzi, and you have absolutely no proof to base your accusations on. A scam doesn't pay out to users, where as this site directs users to all the available places that DO pay out. Constantly updated, and verified websites. Also, a scam is usually run by an anonymous individual, located outside of the US, who doesn't play an active roll in their community. I am personally the developer and founder of TheClaimersClub, and have no problem conversing with my user base, taking constructive criticism, and taking user feedback and concerns personal and very serious. I stay very active on our Facebook page, Twitter, and Instagram. If it becomes a scam, I would have serious backlash from not only friends, but many followers. Second, if you knew what a "ponzi scheme" actually was, you wouldn't have made such a stupid accusation. A "ponzi scheme" requires new members to put forth money/investment, which gets used to pay other new members, until no new members come to the site. That is a Ponzi scheme, also known as a pyramid scheme. My website is 100% free to join and use. Where is the investment that you so claim I ask for? So I ask you, mr_moore, where exactly did you get the notion this was either of those things. You really shouldn't just assume a new website is something, if you really don't know what you are talking about. However, I hope the other users who view this post will look at your profile name and see that you are just a "troll". All you ever do on Reddit is go to other peoples posts and say negative crap, about stuff you know nothing about. I've already reported you for your extremely rude reply, and I hope they see your other actions and ban you from using Reddit. It is people like you who ruin sites like this for the rest of us. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 23:36:01
Wow. That was incredibly unnecessary. I'm interested in knowing "why" you think I should? It is a simple post, with no misleading information, and no referral links. What is it exactly that rubbed you the wrong way?
@_date: 2017-06-18 02:35:58
I meant no negativity by the reference to the word. I merely meant the game-play was "very fun", in the since that users might find themselves playing this game for a couple hours at a time, and that they may find themselves coming back to this game often. It was merely a catchy way of saying "very fun". 
@_date: 2017-06-18 21:49:04
I'm not sure how to answer that one friend. I suppose it would depend on your individual tastes and desires. Some people like to spend their time fishing. They may not always catch one, or even take the fish home to eat. But they do enjoy spending their time going out and partaking in the activity. Other people may like to play video games for hours at a time. They may lose sleep, girlfriends, and their job,....... but they enjoy partaking in the activity. :D