@_author: ralph197
@_date: 2018-12-03 01:02:57
As a currency, you can't use it because of the incredible up and down spikes, the intrinsic deflationary approach and the complicated technology. Stability would improve with mass adoption but mass adoption won't come without stability, it's a chicken and egg deadlock. I know everybody is waiting for LN but it's even more complicated and needs centralized.. banks, and still the funding of channels would reveal a major scaling issue. 
As an asset for investment, you cannot seriously use it because of the missing intrinsic value (as compared to a house to live in) and the missing value added (as compared to the shares of a company producing useful items), so it ends up as a highly speculative "thing" which can go to the moon in a greater fool theory or, much more likely, end up like a beanie baby after some years of trying.
Bitcoin has been around for ten years now, more than 80 percent of all possible coins have already been mined, but still it's in an experimental stage with low adoption. Look at the history of mobile phones to see what actual market pull would mean instead. To be pulled by market demand would mean that there's a perceptible advantage when using crypto, but besides black market usage, most average people just trust the convenient and easy-to-use methods for paying. The visible exceptions are countries with failed currencies, where crypto is the better choice, but would you actually believe that the world would switch to crypto when the Dollar, Euro or Yuan would finally fail? I'd rather bet that after the bloody war, the survivors would restart with bartering essential goods like food and water. 
@_date: 2018-12-02 19:14:59
Thanks for sharing, really interesting read.
However they said that 7 to 8 percent of the people in the *survey* are owning crypto. The 15 countries involved represent more or less the first world countries, but a lot of important countries are missing and it would be too shady to project their answers based on the answers given. For instance 190 million people in Nigeria, which might not be very much into crypto, or how about China with 1.4 bn people, of course there's a massive influence depending on how close they are to crypto, aside from the miners who obviously are. 
The highest percentages of ownership were measured in Romania and Turkey, you might know that Romania is a rather poor country, and that Turkey's currency broke down this year.
So I would rather stick to what is actually covered in this paper, not trying to extrapolate to the whole world. For instance, it's obvious that Turkey is heavily going into crypto, with their own currency shattered. Whereas the majority of Australia, USA and the core of Europe remain cautious or negative in their statements and answers. 
@_date: 2018-12-03 01:06:23
They just won't let you, pointing at some small print in their TOS. Since there's no regulation, they make the law.
