@_author: ramble_tamble
@_date: 2017-12-05 05:26:39
If you've got another career you want to do, get enough together that have a decent cash reserve and you can make the jump while you're still young. The hardest part is explaining yourself to recruiters and you'll have some false starts doing it, but it's not failure if you like what you're doing. Doors open when you find something you like doing and you feel useful. 
I'm saying this after I switched careers in my 30s to something I liked doing from something I didn't like. The money was really good, but I regret losing two decades of my life while dying on the inside because there's quite a bit of PTSD from it. Stuff like bad dreams, cynicism, sometimes being too tough or headstrong when I should be listening and flexible. All of that "geezer" stuff that you and I (and everyone) complained about as a kid gets drilled into you for life when you work that kind of job.
Retiring early sounds great when you're young, but in reality it sucks. There's only so much golf you can do before golf just really sucks. No retiree I know really wants to be full retired, so they do things like volunteer and make themselves useful in other ways. 
So, my vote is for aggressively saving money until you can make that jump comfortably without putting yourself in harm's way, while understanding that doing something toxic long-term just for the money will give you PTSD that doesn't go away easily.
@_date: 2017-12-05 04:12:49
No, I sold them for various things along the way because life happened. I used some for capital to start a business, used some to buy a house, and whatever else. There was no way to tell that Apple would be as successful as it became. It was 90 days away from bankruptcy at one point.
@_date: 2017-12-05 03:04:48
I bought Apple when it was $9/share and I owned thousands of shares. If I'd just held onto it and not done a single damn thing, remaining through years of stock splits, I would be a multimillionaire. For not doing a goddamn thing other than ignoring it.
The fact is, life happens. 
You get older (I'm in my 40s) and you look back on it and realize that the money didn't matter in the long run as much as the times you spent doing things. Time with loved ones. Time learning new things. Time exploring the world. That's the stuff that money cannot buy. 
Later in life when you have the money to buy the toys after decades of investing, you realize that the toys are boring and the memories are what you value. The journey *was* the reward, and getting to the end kind of sucks.
My point is this. This happens to everybody, and you grow up to live and learn. Buy an S&amp;P 500 index fund with half of the money and then put the rest into Bitcoin. Diversify and HODL both.
@_date: 2017-12-05 04:14:11
Yes, but by dollar cost averaging (in my case, putting money away every two weeks) into index funds. I've got some fun money on the side and some Bitcoin, but index funds have always been my workhorse.
@_date: 2017-12-05 05:44:38
True, but I don't mean exploring the world on an airplane. It's hard to explain as a fortysomething because I would have said the same thing if I were in my twenties or late teens. 
I'd say think of it this way -- when you're younger, you have no money, but you have an open mind, your health, your memory, energy. Things are really interesting and fun because you're seeing them for the first time.
Later, you have money and various amounts of all of these qualities, but things are... stale. Everything is stale, comparatively. Today I can buy any car I want, but what I really want is that feeling of buying my first shitty car and feeling the pride as I learned how to restore it and how to repair it. You never get that feeling again for the rest of your life; it's done.
So, by exploring I mean discovering and learning things for the first time and the enthusiasm and excitement that goes along with it. Can't buy it or I'd own a roomful of it.
@_date: 2017-12-05 05:30:10
Vanguard.com is the preferred index fund for a lot of us. You can get started on an automatic contribution for very little - what's most important is just that you contribute every two weeks. At one point, when I was really short on cash, I was doing $20 every two weeks or something like that. When I had more money, I could throw in more. It all adds up.
@_date: 2017-11-28 18:27:09
Once Wall Street can bet on the price falling, in two weeks, you'll see a lot of stuff:
* Journalists talking about how it's a scam
* Analysts talking about "it's a zero"
* Politicians airing their comments about taking advantage of the public
* Regulators taking notice and "inside sources" discussing strict regulation
* The weird "kid genius" temporary Bitcoin celebrities suddenly being written about as scam artists or morally bad people
* Paid trolls will be talking about a standard list of items about Bitcoin
* News reports that you really can't buy anything with Bitcoin anyway
* Lots of talk about transaction fees ensuring that Bitcoin will never be useful
The idea is to: 
* Discourage newbies
* Demoralize HODLers and turn them into long-term bagholders
* Destroy the perception of crypto in the public eye
* Make incredible profit
They're just waiting to crash the price. They have been acquiring and will throw it out on the market all at once. The excess supply will crash the price of Bitcoin because there are not enough buyers to absorb the surplus sell orders.
The thing is, Bitcoin is not regulated so a lot of people will get crushed. There are no pauses or circuit breakers. There are no safeguards. 
This is why they wanted to get contracts to bet on the price of Bitcoin but long-term holding Bitcoin mutual funds and ETFs are scarce, sketchy, and not very popular.
They do this all the time with stocks.
@_date: 2017-09-15 16:18:59
Just diversify and don’t worry about it. Don’t put all of your money in crypto.
@_date: 2017-09-15 16:18:59
Just diversify and don’t worry about it. Don’t put all of your money in crypto.
@_date: 2018-02-09 20:46:19
I think a lot of people were irritated at Roger Ver so much that he could have had the cure for cancer and everyone would have ignored him.
@_date: 2018-02-09 19:30:49
Do you mean that the majority of people here were wrong and the developers were right? Shocked, shocked I tell you.