@_author: rameseslabs
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:26:39
I totally agree. Banks really run up the cost of doing business for merchants, and then it gets passed off to consumers. Pretty much everything has a 5% markup for banking fees that you pay with credit card for.
@_date: 2018-09-19 14:40:30
The sneakiest thing Visa and Mastercard do is charge the merchant for the fees instead of the consumer. There are a lot less merchants then there is patrons, however if patrons knew the rate Visa and MasterCard was actually charging, we'd be demanding a lot lower fees. They know this, because if you've ever used a merchant account for processing credit cards for your business they tell you it's against the rules to display the fees and offer cash discounts. In turn, merchants raise the cost of every single item in the store to accommodate the fee for processing credit cards, and it's a considerable amount considering the processing fee is going up with the raise in price of goods sold. Total barbaric method of payment collection for the merchant because there dependent on a mafioso type organization to be a middle man in the payment process, and pay them in full a couple days down the road. I don't see how you get the banks away from that method either as they all are members of the "card association" that sets rates and makes rules and profit shares from transaction fees. We won't even get into the cost and security risks of sending and storing so much data just to keep secret from your customers a couple pieces of information like transaction fees. 
@_date: 2018-08-11 02:40:39
Bitcoin futures expire on the 18th, we all know whose selling. When the Wall St. guys jumped in they wanted something they can leverage BTC against other cryptocurrencies. Everybody wants in on the blockchain tech so I would think that a lot of the ICO's are spending the Bitcoin that they have raised in ICO rounds. When Bitcoin futures expiration dates near, the same investors try to buy their BTC back at discount prices once the ICO's find out they need cash for certain things right now. 
@_date: 2018-10-05 04:28:49
Ditto