@_author: raminar_dixon
@_date: 2013-11-13 16:28:00
At that point, people will stop mining for bitcoins. Equipment that had been placed on "backorder" will finally ship out. Enraged mobs of bitcoin miners will assault the headquarters of the equipment suppliers, only to find empty warehouses.
Shortly after *that*, a colossal solar flare will strike the earth, instantly vaporizing the circuits in all modern forms of technology. Bitcoins will disappear from existence, along with the internet. Billions of people will starve to death and the world will be thrown into utter chaos. Printed pornography will become a chief good for bartering and worth more than gold or silver. Only those with a stockpile of food and the weapons to protect it will stand a chance. We'll all desperately scream into the sky together as the end of humanity rushes in and we'll wish that we'd bought guns and cans of soup instead of this digital currency, but it will be too late. 
Far, far too late.
@_date: 2013-12-03 23:40:00
@_date: 2013-11-27 01:39:00
Grats. You've got 1 BTC.
One helluva tip!
@_date: 2013-11-13 15:35:13
Not a seasoned bitcoin vet here. I am a seasoned author of smut, however, *and* I slept at a Holiday Inn last night. So, I'm fully qualified to dish out advice.
If you buy them now and hold onto them instead of panic selling when/if the price drops lower than what you paid initially, it could work out well for you. In a few years, the price could reach untold heights.
Then again, it might not work out so well at all and due to something unforeseen, the market plummets into oblivion. Most of your money would be gone. 
There's no way to know what will happen. It's speculation, either way.
*Only buy what you can afford to lose.*
@_date: 2013-11-27 01:32:47
Either you typed it in wrong (capitalization is important) or the blockchain address is invalid...i.e., it doesn't exist, or the API is down for firstbits.
You can search here:  and see if you find it or not.
@_date: 2013-11-18 05:04:35
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:52:20
Just remember - very very *very* few people on this earth hold even one single satoshi.
Will that change in the coming months and years? Nobody knows.
I'm of the mindset that bitcoin is going places, not just because of the exponential increase in price, but because the technology and innovation behind it. I believe it has a real chance to become a huge competitor to the dollar, the euro, and other forms of currency because of these things. 
One day.
I was like you, before, and I knew it existed way back when a single bitcoin was worth less than $1. I never got into it at the time; figured it was nothing more than a gimmick, dismissed it as a scam or a waste of time. And just like you, I regretted my decision once it became more popular and rose in price. Reading stories of people that had held onto thousands of coins for years made me kick myself for not looking deeper into it.
Instead of continuing to beat myself up about it or flagellate on whether or not to buy based on that regret, I threw myself into it. I researched bitcoin for several weeks, learned all I could, read hundreds of posts here, studied the exchange charts - everything. Finally, I decided to plunge in and bought a small amount for myself. I've been playing with it and making purchases here and there over the last month (while simultaneously buying an equal amount of bitcoin each time) since then.
I wish I had more bitcoin than I do, but I refuse to invest/speculate with more money than I can afford to lose completely. Look into it like I did...if you also think bitcoin is really going places, don't wait to hop on board the "moon rocket" or you'll have even more regret years from now.
@_date: 2013-12-19 13:09:22
How about send me 3.75 BTC? It's the same percentage you're asking him for.
See how that works? ;)