@_author: randomredditor3434
@_date: 2015-06-18 15:31:21


I'm fairly sure Greeks work as hard as anyone else.
If there is anything that can be blamed on them, it's that they allowed a series of incompetent pricks into their government who can't properly collect taxes, work out a budget, or incentivize proper domestic/international investments instead of Russian mobsters/launderers/tax dodgers.
However, I do agree with you regarding the people here. Whenever you bitcoiners are not trying to con third world nations into using it, you're trying to con a nation fallen into recession.
Bitcoin has lost money for everyone except the early adopters and is generally completely unusable as a currency for a lot of huge and obvious reasons, yet you guys keep trying to find ways to snatch wealth from people who can barely afford to eat or clothe themselves or nations that is trying to find a way *out* of debt (not deeper into it).
But anything to raise that price, eh, guys? Oh well, lets go back to talking about how bitcoin will bring peace and stop wars.
@_date: 2015-06-24 01:36:25
What is he doing about it? Well, presumably, he's using VISA.
@_date: 2015-08-12 00:42:16




And yet every time someone mentions how easily Mt. Gox ran a long term scam, people are quick to point out that 'everyone' knew Mt. Gox was a scam for 'months' (some will even say as long as a year).
Sounds awfully like the same situation to me.
The problem is that you guys have terribly short termed memory. This Igot situation is basically a replay of every scam that ever existed in bitcoin. A new business pops up, people cheers and shills for them, then there is a trickle of reports on scams which gets downvoted and repudiated, then rinse and repeat until, suddenly, everyone 'knew for months' that it was all a scam.
Who knows what other business where, six months down the line, you all will be saying how it was common knowledge that they were scammers since August 2015.
@_date: 2015-04-03 18:42:21
From &gt; thinkgeek is absolutely stupid for not allowing bitcoin payments so far, i can give my head they would have highest percentage of bitcoin payments in industry. asker them once and they said no... hahaha, paramount of stupidity.
You tell them, Trance.
If you weren't just an ideas man, you'd have your own business that'd surpass ThinkGeek's easily.
@_date: 2015-04-29 05:51:04
Oh man, you'll be really confused by how 'Josh Garza' is sometimes referred to as ['Jeff Garza](
@_date: 2015-04-05 18:22:30


You and Whollyhemp together brought up a huge barrier to bitcoin and I'm not even sure if you realize it. It's a question that is that 'elephant in the room'-type deal: Why should anyone use bitcoin?
Here, you state merchants should bear the costs of adopting and even subsidizing bitcoin so that it hopefully one day becomes standard and merchants will save on CC fees forever. So basically, you are asking them to make an investment now with the hope of saving in the future.
However, there are multiple (obvious) issues wrong with your proposal. I will point out the biggest one of all: Credit cards will still exist even if bitcoin becomes standard.
Credit cards exists because they are convenient, they offer protection, and they allow people to easily make purchases which they can pay back later. CCs can be denominated in dollars, euros, or, yes, bitcoin. Notice how there are bitcoin-based debit cards around?
It's rather silly, but you're asking merchants to take on a lot of risk at a great cost all in order to do something which won't happen.
If the CC cost is really that significant to a merchant, there's a far easier way for them to get rid of it: Simply stop accepting credit cards. But they won't do that and you know why? Because (and this is one of the big issues with your proposal) credit cards increases sales for most merchants.
@_date: 2015-04-07 06:06:55
Hemp talk a whole lot of truth...and the problem is that most people here won't listen.
If most people here was like it would do more for bitcoin than a $1000/$2000/$5000 price. Far, far more.
Instead, everyone here acts like...well, like you guys do now and the result is that you get downvoted whenever you bring up bitcoin, miscellaneous subreddits ban your tipping as spam, you get mocked on finance/history/economics subreddits as morons, and all of you have a general view of being ancap lunatics.
Do you people think you're going to get mainstream adoption this way? Newsflash: It's been six and a half years and you're not even close yet. ApplePay got further in less than a year than you guys have gotten in almost seven.
@_date: 2015-03-01 21:10:22
What hate? I'm not the broke one here. Unlike yours, my investments grows.
In addition to lacking knowledge in finance, you lack reading comprehension too?
@_date: 2015-03-01 17:51:52
From &gt; Edit: only credible anti-bitcoin commentator I've found (and he's only a bit anti) is Ignacio Mas.
The only one you found credible is Ignacious Mas? A single person? So the endless amount of other people who criticize bitcoin is not credible to you? Not even a nobel prize winning and one of the most widely regarded economist such as Paul Krugman? How interesting.
And the fact that this Ignacious Mas has also written a paper as 'Why you Should Care about Bitcoin – Even if you don´t Believe in it' is just pure coincidence, am I right? It's certainly not because you're not sound of mind enough to listen to people who don't believe in the same things as you, it's just pure coincidence.
@_date: 2015-03-22 15:28:55
From &gt;I believe Bitcoiner was referring to the anti gun crowd that equates guns to crime as a generality. People like that have a tendency to push legislation that infringes on people's freedoms in the name of security and safety.
Well, to begin, this is a ridiculously delusional justification and I hope you don't think anyone reasonable will actually buy it.
Secondly, Kiisfm already made another post wherein he stated:


So yes, he is referring to actually shooting 'trolls'...something which we already understood from his first comment.
@_date: 2015-03-01 17:39:03


Oh, but he did presented one. Here it is: *open source peer to peer networks for exchanging value can change the global economy in ways we cannot yet foresee, such as xyz but who knows*
In other words, he's giving an insanely vague speculation that he even says 'can' happen and presenting it as an argument expecting people to refute it.
You hit the nail on the head exactly. The people here utterly believes they can 'change the world' using a half assed technology and by ignoring all problems with their technology with blind optimism and endlessly jamming their ears in their fingers to ignore criticism. That's the action of a cult, not a group that's going to change the world.
Your argument was good, but frankly, you might as well have been giving it to a brick wall. The only time the people here will listen to you is if you're saying 'bitcoin will ::Insert Positive Claim::'.
@_date: 2015-03-01 20:03:41
Except bitcoin is a paltry $250 now, buddy.
You guys make topics here about how you're buying ONE WHOLE bitcoin like it's something special and now you're talking to me as if bitcoin has become too expensive for me to get into.
Wake up, man. You think you're going to become surrounded by supermodels and sycophant celebrities thanks to bitcoin? What a joke.
You're not wealthy nor is bitcoin going to make you wealthy. 
@_date: 2015-03-23 15:47:20
In all fairness, one doesn't get a complete picture there.
To begin, Hashtalk is *extremely* censored. Furthermore, a while back, there was an 'email scandal' in which Garza's emails were leaked. As it turns out, he had hired a PR firm to paint a better light of paycoin. So paycoin literally has paid shills on their various communities who does nothing but fights back against any negative news.
So that's why Hashtalk looks like a forum full of mindless zombies. The new Paycointalk is actually a more open place and you can see a lot of criticisms there, but yes, you will also see some people who continues to believe and hope.
@_date: 2015-03-23 18:14:29
From &gt;Are you fucking kidding me? GIVE IT UP ALREADY. THE SCAM HAS HIT YOU IN THE FACE. WHY CONTINUE DOWN THE SAME PATH. This is a prime example of a person who coniously decides to put the blinders on to ANY sort of rd flags. No, "one doesn't get the complete picture" when they CONSIOUSLY decide to funnel money into what sounds, eats, sleeps and smells like a scam. Yes, there are warning signals. Some will decide to act on them and consider why all of the negativity is around, others with continue to throw their hard earned finances at the first opportunity that screams "massive return". Those people whill lose their money. One google tells you everything you need to know. 0 sympathy. 
Hmm, to begin, you're an idiot. I have never nor will I ever put money into paycoin.
Notice how my comment is actually a *criticism* of Garza/GAW and my ending sentence notes how some still foolishly believe? Do you think you would be seeing that kind of thing from me if I thought paycoin was genuine and had a chance in hell?
If you're wondering why I defended paycoiners, it's because I genuinely felt sorry for a lot of them and came to defense that they're not as stupid/mindless as they look because their forum is highly controlled and filled with paid shills.
I'm glad you are so cognizant of how scams work and have '0 sympathy' for those who don't. Why? Because then maybe you won't need any sympathy from others when whatever bitcoin business screws you over too.
@_date: 2015-02-25 18:25:29


Ah, going the semantic path and taking his 'no one' comment literally, eh? Even though, in the same comment, he talks about how Overstock overprojected by millions?
You sure show him. Certainly no one realizes thinks of you as disingenuous.


Yes, the sole exception. As the sentence I wrote *right before* the part you quoted notes, it is the sole exception which has made any significant amount of money. Please don't try to claim I'm saying it is the only company to make money.


How persuasive. How about posting Cheapair's revenue so we can more accurately ascertain how 'significant' it is?
@_date: 2015-02-25 16:54:55
Your claim only applies to people who have no intention to spend in any case. Bitcoin speculators.
For those normal people who buys bitcoin and do spend it on things? They should be more willing to spend now.
People are more willing to spend currency when it drops in value as they have no incentive to hold it. However, if their currency steadily rises in value, they rather keep the currency as they expect increased value from in the future.
@_date: 2015-03-02 00:22:05


Ah, 'six years'. What a convenient timeframe. I'm sure that's when everyone here bought in, right?
But why don't we see how much I would have if I had invested 'six years ago'.
If I had put $1 in a REIT, I would have...$1.50! Cool!
If I had put $1 in bitcoin, I would have...absolutely nothing because my exchange decided to hack itself and steal my money. What a shame.


Of course not. Want to know why?
Because, unlike you, those people are actually educated and understand economics, finance, monetarism, and they actually know the history of money.
For that reason, they would never use an investment as a currency...because it doesn't serve that purpose and will actually hinder it. Instead, they would use something like, oh say, the USD.
@_date: 2015-02-25 20:36:47
How intelligent, good sir. I clap for you.
Btw, for future reference should Target decides to delete his comments, [here is a mirror of his comment](
@_date: 2015-02-25 16:39:56
Well, yeah. It's easy to have 'much more sales' than someone who has hardly has any sales at all. That doesn't mean bitcoin has been successful for Overstock; it just means both Wordpress and Overstock doesn't make much money with bitcoin.
The sole exception so far has been Porn.com...and their bitcoin sales is a fantastic 5%. What a glowing accolade.
You sure whine a lot about nonsensical things. You whine about bit-bogged talking about an article on Wordpress being just released instead of when they actually dropped bitcoin claiming it somehow proves him wrong. You whine when someone states the simple reality that is accepted even by most people in this sub that bitcoin sales tend to drop dramatically after the initial euphoria of acceptance and try to claim that no bitcoin sales happen to begin with.
You must hold a lot of bitcoin. More than you can truly afford, no doubt. After all, a rational person wouldn't be so in denial.
@_date: 2015-02-25 16:58:31
From &gt; With Bitcoin's market cap $3.3b, **I'm hard-pressed to imagine there's less than 100k users**. That would mean single users, on average, hold no less than $33k of BTC.
Oh wait, let me guess. Your real issue is that he wrote 'hard press' instead of 'hard-pressed', right?
Targetpro, are you a moron?