@_author: randomchancex
@_date: 2017-04-28 20:28:43
I disagree.  Roger was a distributor for Max 2000 Inc., which sold over 1 million of these allegedly illegal agricultural fireworks.   I'm not sure if the owners of Max 2000 went to prison, but Roger got 10-months and another person 80-months.
Roger was just making money via a loophole with questionable fireworks that had a legitimate purpose for farms.  I believe he publicly insulted ATF agents which he said led to a more severe sentencing.  
I personally like and would encourage Roger &amp; Joby Weeks' radical political views, but Joby's personal ethics in terms of business are extremely questionable.  He has a lot of good to offer but he is his own worst enemy. 
(Edited because I don't question Roger's business ethics, only Joby's)
@_date: 2017-09-28 04:51:13
The security at Morgan Stanley is terrible.  I was there for weeks and recorded lots of stuff.  Maybe I should release it.
I'm testifying against one of their former executives next month (me and 15 other people).
@_date: 2017-05-31 20:49:24
Another guy was also accused of plotting a murder but like Ross, he wasn't charged.  Charles Colson was a White House attorney who directed two people to assassinate a famous investigative reporter, Jack Anderson.  The plot was stopped after the Watergate scandal erupted.
Colson only got 6-months in prison and decades later was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom.  Even G. Gordon Libby admitted to the conspiracy, saying they were going to stage a mugging or dose Anderson with LSD and force a car accident.
Ross should too have a chance at redemption in life after 5-10 years in prison.  
@_date: 2017-07-08 20:36:39
The problem is the NY Fed has centralized power and is influenced by Wall Street.  The NY Fed runs the Federal Open Market Committee and the System Open Market Account where they can execute orders on behalf of the entire Fed.
There are several monetarists in other districts who'd take a more reasonable approach with monetary policy.  
A movement to audit or end the Fed is hard, but one to rebalance power that targets the NY Fed specifically would be easier to advocate and scare the financial establishment the most.
I've heard a Morgan VP in wealth management say interest rates were always be low because it allows them to make attractive investment offers for their clients.  Something about loaning money to real estate, then putting it in some fund with a guaranteed rate.  
But then the CEO of Morgan Stanley, James Gorman, sits on the NY Federal Reserve board which sets the interest rates.  Morgan's been fined billions and billions for a variety of misconduct including mortgage fraud that led to the financial collapse.  
Even the Fed said, they exhibited "a pattern of misconduct and negligence" while Gorman was CEO, yet we let him sit on the NY Fed board and serve on the Federal Advisory Council?
This is the type of stuff that should be fixed.
@_date: 2017-05-31 20:58:40
It's funny how a minor technicality in terms of a search warrant executed can deem all the discovered evidence invalid, no matter how bad the crime.
Yet two FEDERAL AGENTS working undercover, and assuming fake identities, staging murders, stealing millions in bitcoins, and operating in an environment where digital information can be altered, isn't relevant to the defendant's case they were investigating.  