@_author: randomnine
@_date: 2013-12-16 15:46:17
$40k income per capita is amongst the highest in the world - certainly within the top ten. The [OECD's measures of US income]( average wage and household net-adjusted disposable income (which admittedly excludes taxes), are both the highest in the world.
Federal spending per capita is [lower than average for the G20]( despite the economic strength of the United States. Including state and local government spending brings the total up to around the OECD average but no higher. As a percentage of GDP, US government spending is just 59th worldwide.
US social programs likely lag behind government spending in part because [the US spends 4.7% of GDP on the US military]( over twice the international average (2.2%). This is the second highest military spending as a percentage of government expenditure worldwide, after Saudi Arabia, and means less money is available for social programs than comparing government spending per capita alone might suggest.
US debt is, again, not that high. US [ranks 20th for debt per capita and just 33rd for debt as a percentage of GDP](
Regarding wealth, that OECD survey above pegs US average household net financial wealth at 115,918 USD - triple the OECD average and the highest household financial wealth of any country. US citizens are, by this measure, the richest in the world.
In short: the US has higher incomes, lower government spending, lower debt and more wealth than several countries with stronger social programs.
Norway itself is something of an outlier, having income which by various measures equals or exceeds that of the US, though I'll mention Norway's debt is a staggering $131k per capita and 141% of its GDP. It obviously also has higher government spending per capita than the US (and as a percentage of GDP, though this isn't hard).
Regarding the unequal distribution of wealth: this is a natural consequence of weak social programs. Strong social programs are typically redistributive and egalitarian in function.
edit: added a few missed sources
@_date: 2013-12-06 23:39:51


Sure, they take a few days. Cost-wise, you can simply do a free transfer to the Post Office and they'll [send it internationally for free]( The only charges I pay on international wires besides exchange rates are from the *receiving* banks overseas.
I even have a free corporate account. And whether it's a corporate or personal account, the fees for unauthorised overdrafts, etc. are irrelevant if you don't use those services.
@_date: 2013-12-09 15:31:47
One legal option that hasn't been mentioned is taking the bank to small claims court - the costs may be affordable and I understand the court expects private individuals to represent themselves.