@_author: randomguy3383
@_date: 2014-08-25 03:14:56
totally agree.  You definitely don't want to see a different point of view.
Hey, unrelated side topic - I have a few extra BFL Jalapenos for sale.  They hash at 5 BILLION hashes per sec.  Amazing, eh?!! Billion!!!  Only $2200 each, please pay in fiat.  (so I can save my bitcoin)
@_date: 2014-06-28 04:03:06
hey, cool, i kinda agree with all this.
we're failing at the internet.  we should have been both calling each other Hitler by now.
One thing I'm going to suggest is that imperfect technologies get adopted as the gold standard all the time.  Maybe most likely because companies, composed of people, are horrendously bad at creating large things well.  (think of all the NFC communications joint efforts that are currently floundering).  I honestly believe BTC will become the gold standard (because it has mindshare) and the flaws worked around (think about HTTP, CGI, and the resultant LAMP stack, for which Apache was so grossly inappropriate for so many years if you were less than the scale of yahoo, yet remained the gold standard).
The big financials are taking interest and they're not stupid.  Sure, at some point one of them will lose 20 million in BTC because they screwed up, but that's just one VP's quarterly bonus [so it's nothing to them], and I believe they are going to incrementally provide secured ways of people to own BTC.  Think "coinbase but done by wall street".  It will completely infuriate all the libertarians here that own BTC to make the statement to the big banks "WE DONT NEED YOU", but it will nonetheless happen.
Eh, I'm not so sure that will happen quickly.  Probably first shoe to drop is a fund with a partial investment in BTC, and grow from there.
@_date: 2014-11-09 14:20:16
the best part about this is that the fiat is theoretical.  Poor kid probably hasn't figured out that money with Josh goes only one way.  (referring to numerous stories about people not being able to withdraw)
@_date: 2014-06-27 12:26:26
i'm wasting my time saying this, as you are wasting your time saying what you did.  however, you have been living in the monkey house too long, such that you do not notice the odor.
bitcoin is too complicated for technical people right now.  it is way too complicated for ordinary people.  coinbase goes a long way towards fixing that with their core function being a single "buy bitcoin" or "sell bitcoin couple of boxes on a page.  But the idea that you front here that the person who lost their investment after trying to take these precautions is somehow at fault is simply wrong.
Technically they may be at fault for not understanding the minutia. But this kind of thing should not happen.  The thinking you advance is holding bitcoin back, and frankly it's just arrogant.  Give me 5 minutes and I'll bet I can find a topic area of life that you don't know in depth, and advance the same arguments and throw wasted money in your face too.
@_date: 2014-02-02 14:36:21
so the nice way didnt work.  the police probably wont help.  you're now down to scaring it out of the guy.
Hard to tell if this is a script kiddie, or an older scumbag person... so hard to know how it will go. 
you can threaten broad exposure of his personal details, or you can go after him in court.  court will cost more than you recover, and very likely you will never recover it.  me?  I'd give him one last chance, telling him I will take him to court and push it to trial, and not stop until there is a judgement.  I would point out what conviction of a felony will mean for the rest of his life he'll basically never get a job above the level of flipping hamburgers, and ask him if he's really willing to risk that over $2k?
Even that may not get your money back.  You may need to actually have a lawyer send that.  Everyone loves to threatent OMG LAWYER YOLO, so that's effectively an empty threat and he knows it.. most people don't go any farther.  the minute it's clear that you've actually hired one, shit changes real fast because he'll know this is going to start being public record, and you might be crazy enough to do it.
edit:  he might also think that you are faking the lawyer.  people do that a lot too.  it might cost you actually filing and delivering summons before he gives the cash back.  if you do want to settle at that point, make sure you get your expenses included in the settlement amount.
@_date: 2016-09-19 23:49:03
you need to think about where you want to be in 5 years.  You may not know precisely what -- and that's ok -- but do you want to be in a place that conspicuously fires anyone with more than 5 years of experience?
what are the long term prospects in a meat grinder?