@_author: randomiser
@_date: 2019-03-27 07:47:15
The first thing I did was took the difference between the puzzle image and [the original Lena image]( This step isn't necessary, but it did show me where exactly the data you added was; in the bottom row of the image, in the first 71 pixels. I also saw that the difference was only in the two least significant bits for each RGB color, so I didn't have to bother with any of the higher planes.
Knowing that, I opened up the last row in StegSolve and extracted data from bit planes 0 and 1. The most common order to read these is Red, Green, Blue, but that doesn't work here. The correct order is Blue, Green, Red, which I suspect is because that's the order bitmap images use. 
After extracting everything, we end up with the string "Y3xS1tQPwm1S5oWNab2zq2Asu9jA2qWEDFAWfSCTwdl89AJJsSdN".
That's the length of a compressed private key, but we're not quite there yet. I know it should start with an "L" or "K", so it's encoded. I was anticipating something a bit more complex, but of course the simplest cipher and the one I always try first is rot-13. With that, the decoded string is "L3kF1gDCjz1F5bJAno2md2Nfh9wN2dJRQSNJsFPGjqy89NWWfFqA", which is the private key.
Thanks for sharing!
@_date: 2019-10-04 08:45:45
I solved it, thank you! Solution:
[frequent sweet skate crowd involve bulb hurt scrap mansion check sure rule](
As most people thought, it was just a matter of grouping letters by similar font and anagramming. The angles ended up not being important.
I started out by forming words that were obviously different (bulb, check, crowd, hurt) before getting to more ambiguous fonts. The key thing I noticed is that the third letter in every word was either obviously the wrong font (the l in "rule") or very slightly larger than the other letters. This helped *immensely* in figuring out what the rest of the words were.
I think the order is based on the relative sizes of the larger third letters, but it was difficult to eyeball it so I ended up bruteforcing most of the order.
I'd like to note I *still* have no idea what is up with that weird crusty O, it doesn't belong to the third letter of any word like the other strange letters, and that was the assumption that held me up for the longest time.
@_date: 2018-07-30 10:49:45
It was, I'm sorry, I pasted the wrong thing
@_date: 2018-07-30 04:42:23
Just solved it! I had every word except one of them pretty quickly, but there was 1 word that was a synonym I dumbly didn't consider for a while.
I can post the final seed now:


I was convinced "skirt" was "dress" for a while. I didn't realize it was also in the wordlist.
@_date: 2018-07-31 00:48:52
My general method was to have the bip39 wordlist open in Notepad++ in another window while looking at the image. I would try to think of synonyms of the images and see if any of them existed in the wordlist. For words I wasn't sure on but was pretty sure I knew some of the letters, I would search by length with wildcard characters in the unknown spots, and see if any of the words make sense with what's in the rest of the clue. (This is how I solved "estate", by guessing the first letters were "es")
I thought  with the gun was the most different out of all of them. While the others seemed to take a literal interpretation of the image, the gun was only tangentially related and the most revealing clue was the phrase beneath. I solved that with some googling, and the date up top seemed to confirm my answer.
And I used Google Translate's handwriting option for characters that aren't on my keyboard.
@_date: 2018-07-31 01:18:42
I ended up just manually pasting them into Electrum, as I only had a handful of solutions I thought might make sense, and it wasn't too much effort to change a single word if I had another idea. I know there's a seed recover tool out there that probably could have caught 1 or 2 incorrect words, but in the spirit of the puzzle and since the prize was relatively small, I wasn't really motivated to bruteforce it.