@_author: randomrealitycheck
@_date: 2011-07-15 10:10:03
Yes, the radios are available everywhere. We used "off the shelf" [mini-pci wireless cards]( the type commonly found in notebook computers.
There are any number of SBC (Single Board Computers) you can use, here is a link to the [WRAP board]( as they are relatively inexpensive. You will need the correct pigtails (these are the tiny wires that connect the mini-pci board to the antennas and they can be purchased [here]( Antennas can be bought [here]( Please note, you can probably find better prices on this stuff, if you poke around but getting the right connectors on the pigtail is critical - so make sure you identify exactly what connector is on the mini-pci card and on the antenna before you order the pigtail. From there, the only thing you will need is a waterproof enclosure (NEMA rated is preferred) and what is known as a [PoE \(Power over Ethernet\) adapter](
You will note that there are a number of software suggestions near the bottom of the page that will help to get you started. And yes, the control of the radios is all one through software.
If you have more questions, I can probably answer them, given allowance for time and sanity.
@_date: 2011-07-15 22:39:05


And they would be reselling a not-for-resale connection. At some point your single point of connection would be shut off leaving the entire mesh network without Internet connectivity. As you mentioned, this would not impact the local net - just the ability of everyone using the mesh to connect to the Internet.
Now, if you're referring to a WISP as the WiFi provider, most WISPs do not look favorably on people sharing their connection. I can also assure you that while WISPs will sell you a resellable connection, it will be pricey.
As to running fiber from one town to the next, factor in between $5-10K/mile (in the lowest bracket) and a ton of legal fees. Trying to get fiber put onto a pole is no easy task when the entrenched providers have a fair amount of say in who gets to do what on "their" poles.
Please don't misunderstand what I'm saying. the idea has a lot of merit and you may be on to something that would provide a real business model for developing nations.
@_date: 2011-07-15 23:44:10


I'm American and when it comes to broadband providers being shit, **we're number one**! 
There was a time when our telecommunications network was the envy of the world which is kind of funny when you stop to consider that one of our cell phone providers actually advertised a guy going around asking nobody on his cell phone, "Can you hear me now?" apparently indicating this was the best testing procedure that they could muster. :-)


And that right there is the problem. If you read any TOS (terms of service) agreement you will find that your home connection is not shareable and the penalties are anything from termination of service to legal pursuit for losses incurred. The model you are proposing (as based on residential or non-resellable) connection to the legacy Internet (Can we start calling it that here?) is a strategy that will not end well. The minute your provider sees their revenue drop off and traffic climbing on what few remain, there is going to be hell to pay. Then there's always the chance that their revenues will drop to the point where they go under and then where are you?
With that said, this model can work - but you will need to rethink this a little. Trust me, I know where of I speak.


Don't kid yourself, they  will vilify that community as a bunch of thieves and say that you were the reason why everyone else's Internet service was so expensive. They won't just disconnect that community, they will make an example out of you. 


Then build that network - but do it the right way. You will need to buy in bulk, perhaps multiple, gigabit connections, run your own wireless backhaul (believe me, it will probably be easier to do wireless than fiber) and then do your own distribution system from there. 
Personally, I wouldn't depend on mesh unless you can find a way to work with the new WiGIG standard and then figure out a way to do full duplex end to end.
This is something I did for over a decade, ran my own WISP, consulted to help people in other countries do the same, was active in the MuniWireless push, been there done that and still have some of the equipment in my garage.
I'd love to see what you want to do done, I also know what it's like to build a network, run it, and deal with the crap that goes on. Even better, I'd love to help - but only if you can do it correctly. I've already seen too much of the other kind.
@_date: 2011-07-15 19:11:09
The problem with this model, in my opinion, is that these people who are "contributing" the fiber links are usually doing so in direct violation of the terms of service which they operate under. A slight modification of this idea would allow for a resellable Internet connection - but fiber is probably the wrong technology to adopt. Most Mesh networks operate are well under 100Mbps whereas fiber can deliver multi-gigabit connectivity.
@_date: 2011-07-15 01:50:48
Hmm, I know a bit a bout Mesh networking and wireless networks of just about all kinds...
One of the issues you need to deal with is that Mesh networks are actually self polluting, the more successful (node density) the more they begin to interfere with each other.
A second issue that most people don't think about is that the current crop of WiFi radios are what's called Half Duplex. What that term means is that the same radio is used for both transmit and receive, switching very quickly between the two in order to create what appears to be a simultaneous transmit and receive. This gets to be problematic with applications like VoIP, which tend to send a continuous bombardment of send and receive packets during the session.
Expanding on that further, now think about what happens with several nodes "hop" from one another like so. (Please pardon the ascii art.)
User---&gt;Node1&gt;Node 2&gt;node3&gt;Node4&gt;---Internet connection.
Applying the concept of Half Duplex radios to one (or more) concurrent VoIP session (gaming, whatever) one can see where the chain can be stressed. 
A few years back I was associated with a project that used two WiFi radios, one set to transmit only and the other set to receive only to overcome the problem. In fact, we setup boxes that allowed up to four radios to be directed so that a one set of full duplex radios faced upstream and one faced downstream. In one iteration we used a mixture of 5Ghz that allowed for eight radios (think of this as one pair of full duplex radios facing each of the compass directions in an urban rooftop environment) with 2.4GHz available for WiFi connectivity and an ethernet port to provide access to the user who lived below the box.
If you want to know more about this, I would be glad to answer questions and will try to monitor this thread moving forward. Everyone is invited to PM me if they feel that would be a better way to questions.