@_author: random8392
@_date: 2014-01-10 04:02:14
Bitcoins aren't being purchased with credit.  A product is being sold for credit, and we're going to settle to the merchant in Bitcoin instead of EFT.
If a charge back happens from the merchants customer, it's the same outcome?
@_date: 2014-01-10 04:28:03
I think the EFT's are reversible, but the merchant in these situations clears the accounts right away.
Right now we do a penny drop to verify the bank accounts are legit, so we still know that it exists.
I guess you're right though, if they have to withdraw the funds, even if we can't follow it in the end, that's probably a better money trail than bitcoin would leave (assuming they mix the coins to clean em)
@_date: 2014-01-10 03:53:49
As a credit card processor, we hold reserves on the merchants funds for situations like this.  I'm wondering if this may be enough to help mitigate that risk?
The customer wouldn't know that the merchant is asking for payment in BTC?  Unless the merchant is trying to defraud themselves?
Edit: Actually I want to correct what I said here and I wonder if this is a risk at all?  The merchant recieves an order for $100.   We confirm the payment, and in 3-5 days send the money to the merchant via EFT.
How does chargebacks play into this?  If the merchants customer, decides to do a chargeback, it's the same situation as if we paid the merchant with bitcoin or EFT?
@_date: 2014-01-10 04:12:24
Well, we kind of deal with these situations every day already, I'm just trying to figure out how different it would be.
It plays out like this currently.
Merchant makes a fraudulent account after managing to pass all our security measures. (unfortunately it does happen sometimes)
Merchant then either starts selling items and not shipping them, or does as you say and uses stolen credit cards.
We do our normal fraud monitoring process, and see if any red flags goes off.
If no red flags go off, we hold x% and start sending the merchant EFT's for the funds they are owed.
Merchant withdraws all the money from the EFT account immediately, red flags start going off in our fraud tools but the merchant disappears.
The only money we have left is the reserve we held.  We either eat the loss or start an investigation.
There might be other ways I can't think of obviously, but this scenario seems very similar Bitcoin or not?
@_date: 2014-01-10 05:13:08
Having the option though where you can do it as a % of your settlement seems like a great way to start things out though.
Maybe they can do 10% of their supply chain in bitcoin, so they ask for 8% of their settlement in Bitcoin.
Someone has to do it, and in this case it has to be one of the credit card processors to do it, no one else can.  Why not us, if the company wants to take the risk and stand out?
I'll see if i can dig up some on that term though, might be some good reads on bitcointalk.  
@_date: 2014-01-10 16:32:29
If it was to happen, being allowed to settle your merchant fees by paying bitcoin would be the first step.
But by getting that infrastructure set up, it could lead the way to settling out what we owe them in bitcoin.
Assuming they decide to make their own system and not just use bitpay or something.