@_author: randomfoo2
@_date: 2014-10-20 09:09:42
That's a good point, they can have their own policy, but that doesn't help w/ the primary bitcoin blockchain's value that they are pegged against.  It also doesn't change the related distribution issues. Again, that's if you care about the commodity price of the blockchain vs the network - proliferation of sidechains is one of the scenarios where the commodity price does not correspond w/ network growth.
I think there are potentially some related issues there in terms of whether if that's the case, whether there's enough computational/mining capacity that can be sustained to sufficiently protect the transactional value but I haven't really done the math there...
I think the point still stands that there's a lot of uncertainty/risk involved still. It's very early days.
@_date: 2014-10-20 08:06:24
I'm relatively bullish on bitcoin myself in the mid-term, but here's my lists of existential risks:
* Governments collectively start outlawing cryptocurrencies. This won't destroy bitcoin, but would effectively limit it to black market transactions or specific regions (it wouldn't be hard to hunt down full or even spv nodes)
* It's absolutely possible for there to be any number of subtle bugs introduced or existing - if this is exploited over a period of time before discovery, it may not be possible to rollback or hardfork, especially as the number of transactions ramp up. There are [plenty of known weaknesses]( w/ bitcoin, it wouldn't be surprising that there are unknown weaknesses as well (consider the heartbleed and shellshock bugs, which are dealing with much less complex algorithms than bitcoin's crypto-currency code)
* Maybe not fatal, but do you really trust BTC-e? Bitfinex? or the Chinese exchanges? There's going to be a lot more volatility going on especially considering the introduction of derivatives and other advanced financial instruments. Actually, unregulated, these could easily destroy the bitcoin markets...
* Fungibility/colored coins - there are some factions pushing for white/blacklists. If that happens, it'll probably end up destroying bitcoin.
* The fact that currently ~10,000 individuals control 50% of all bitcoins that will ever exist may mean that bitcoin will never gain mass acceptance (or always fall under the specter of market manipulation). This and the amount of "dark matter" coins (like Satoshi's stash) give me the most pause about bitcoin's long-term future.
* Related, there is one set of altcoin advancements that bitcoin can't adopt, and that's monetary policy. If it turns out that bitcoin's controlled currency distribution/money supply rules is flawed (I don't think 20% of the gold in the world got mined in the first couple years by 50 people), I can't see it being changed w/o destroying itself.
* Related to that and how mined blocks embed transactions, it's quite possible that there's a cryptocurrency that has a better model for transactions or payments or smart-property (Stellar, Ethereum, etc). Some of these approaches are also fundamentally incompatible w/ bitcoin.
As mentions, success and adoption of the bitcoin network, does not mean a corresponding increase in the commodity price. (the value would be based on liquidity and money velocity and would decrease even more w/ side or treechains).
@_date: 2014-10-20 23:32:32
I would assume the monetary base numbers are even worse. The bitcoin numbers are 50/1M (0.005%) holding 28.9% of the current monetary base. MB distribution numbers aren't easy to find, but as you say, the % of cash holdings is much smaller than overall wealth, so work from those numbers. Here's a [recent study on the ultra-wealthy]( The "top 0.1%" (already, 2 magnitudes difference from the top 0.005%) is 16,070 families w/ an avg wealth of 371M - 11.2% wealth share, again much lower than the 28.9% number.
Lets be clear, I don't care about people that own a little bit of bitcoin or bitcoin as it relates to individuals' net worth. My concern specifically the distribution of the bitcoin monetary base controlled by a very tiny minority. This pretty much leaves bitcoin open to bearwhales forever in market terms. Just imagine the type of damage a currency trader like Soros in his heyday could do to bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-13 19:10:36
Starts around [2:08:37]( I believe where they start talking about Dorian Nakamoto. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 21:00:49
Is it worse? [Credit Suisse just released a report]( which concludes that the top 1% of the world controls 48.2% (let's say 50%) of global assets.  That's ~72M people.
Based on [Risto Pietilä's 2013 analysis]( ([graphs here]( Bitcoin wealth is 10x more concentrated (0.1% controlling 50%).
Like I said, I consider myself pretty bullish on Bitcoin, but I often shake my head at the misconceptions that are taken for truth in @_date: 2014-02-07 06:40:09
A lot of the various scaling issues are being worked on in v0.9.
In terms of blockchain size, as previously mentioned, Satoshi's original paper discussed stubbing out historical transactions (the blockchain's data structure is a merkle tree so it was designed with this in mind).  While this is still a future improvement in the codebase, v0.9 actually takes some steps w/ that in mind w/ the introduction of pruneable outputs.
In the short term the migration to simplified payment verification might be the way forward for most people... There are already a lot of bitcoinj-based wallets that use this. That, combined with most transactions going through beefy payment processor/exchange machines (that also do a fair bit of offchain work) I think gives some buffer...
0.9 also builds in "smart" transaction fee handling which heads off another scaling problem (transaction costs being too large in relative and absolute terms as value increases).
The bitcoin wiki has a page dedicated to covering some of the scaling issues as well as ballpark numbers. Worth a read, IMO: 
Currently, Bitcoin is still (self-imposed) limited to 7tps, but even with all the recent growth, BTC is averaging &lt;1tps right now. Even with supralinear growth, it'll probably be at least another year or so before that becomes a pressing issue and is on everyone's radar.
The best tool for tracking Bitcoin (and vs other payment rails) btw: 
@_date: 2014-04-20 04:09:10
Coinbase locks in the price at the moment you make the transaction, the delay is just when it debits into your account. This is a problem for "trading" (Coinbase isn't really the best platform for that anyway) but it works great for buying coins.
@_date: 2014-04-08 16:03:34
Also 96% of the supercomputer market, 30% of the server market, and just shy of 80% of the smartphone market.
@_date: 2014-10-15 21:37:38
Here's the response I got this morning:
Thank you very much for this feedback. Currently when the transaction is processed by Circle's server, your exchange rate is locked. Right now, this can be slightly different from the exact exchange that you see on the confirmation page, as there is a very slight delay before processing.
Due to customer feedback, we are taking a look into changing this. I completely understand why it would be important for the transaction to be exactly what you see, not even slightly different. I will forward this to the team for further consideration.
@_date: 2014-10-20 20:49:42


And how much is Pirate Bay stock worth on the open market? PB functions, but only on the margins.


The SSL and bash vulnerabilities are worth much more than $8B and took years or decades to be discovered. Your argument makes sense until it doesn't.


I don't store any BTC with them either but any sufficiently leveraged exchange can still drive the market value to the ground.


Sure there's inequality, but consider this. The current US M1 (cash) is $2.8T. M2 (near money) is $11.5T. Bill Gates' net worth on the top of the rich list is $80B. His cash on hand is no doubt *significantly* lower. Is your argument that distribution is worse in the fiat world than in bitcoin? Because it's not (not even close).


We'll find out when it, and other dark matter coins, actually move.


The inflationary aspects (and occasional instability, collapses, and jubilee) of modern currencies are part of what keeps hoarding of capital in check. Monetary velocity creates its own value (macro 101). Also, there is something to be said for monetary supply to track GDP growth.
It's obvious we have fundamental disagreements, but I've listed what I consider to be risks. We'll just have to see how they play how.
@_date: 2014-10-22 08:23:40
To be fair, Robinson also sidesteps her questions on hacking since even though the blockchain is secure, the weakness is that anyone hacking into your wallet or custodian can make an irreversible, pseudonymous transfer.
The correct answer is that multisig tech and escrow services still needs to be further developed to protect individual accounts, and that individual risk is different from the concentrated systemic risk (somewhat addressed talking about avoiding centralized collection of so much PII).
@_date: 2014-10-13 06:49:29
Yep, just tried buying 0.1 BTC and I ended up w/ 0.10007779. I don't know if it's a rounding issue or a floating rate, but either way sounds like a pretty serious bug. I messaged support and I hope they are responsive and transparent about what's going on. Not sure I'd feel comfortable buying BTC otherwise.
@_date: 2014-10-20 07:28:42
Your final sentence says it all, I think - it's sounds like you've probably recognized that your behavior is irrational/compulsive/out of control - you may want to seek professional help if you can't stop it yourself.
This issue is completely separate from the fundamentals of Bitcoin as an investment (a highly speculative asset that, while I agree has a huge upside potential, also has substantial downside risk - like everything you put in), or your personal investment exposure (your concern over short-term losses and the phrase "irrevocably fucked" seems to suggest you might be over-exposed).
It sounds like you're partway there with a limit and idea of what you've spent (so you have an average purchase price) - you might want to make sure you can see what your total monetary commitment in Bitcoin is as a percentage of your asset allocation and you can work on reaching those targets. The first step would be to obviously stop buying more coins.
If you can gain control of your impulses, it might be worthwhile to unwind/lower your exposure to levels you're comfortable with at points where you're not underwater (sell the coins you bought at $300 at $400, etc etc) - take into account capital gains in those calculations.
If you want to continue to increase your holdings once you have a reasonable risk-exposure, set aside a regular amount (or a Coinbase recurring purchase) to avoid getting back in trouble.