@_author: random24685
@_date: 2012-06-08 20:59:21
It really depends on what you are trying to accomplish.  If I assume that you are trying to hide/disguise the source of the "Black" bit coins then your "Ideal Bitcoin Mix" makes this impossible.
Alice has 50 BTC in account 0 and BOB has 100 BTC in account 1.
Alice and Bob both send the contents of their accounts to your mix account where the coins are joined together.
The mix account is then distributed 49.5 BTC to account A and 99 BTC to account B.
Regardless of the mix of coin sources in each new account, it is clear and obvious that the owner of account A is Alice and the owner of account B is Bob.
What you need to do is distribute the bitcoin into multiple identical size accounts.
The mix account is distributed into 15 separate accounts all with 9.9 BTC each.  Alice happens to have access to 5 of these accounts and Bob has access to 10 of them, but as long as neither of them make their ownership known, nobody can identify which of the 15 accounts represents the originally "Black" balance and which represent the "White".
At this point the mix no longer matters, but if you want to control the mixture, I'd go with a random percentage for each account. That way it is impossible to reverse any calculation to figure out where they came from.
Also note that your Answer A and Answer B are both impossible to accomplish.  Since some "Black" has to come back out, it is not possible for all accounts to be as clean as the "cleanest".  Since some "White" has to come back out, it is impossible for all accounts to be as dirty as the "dirtiest".
@_date: 2012-06-23 14:55:00
Looks good. I've added myself in the greater Chicago area to exchange bitcoin and cash for those who don't want to deal with bank accounts, Dwolla, MtGox, etc.
@_date: 2012-06-21 18:11:06
Bitcoin is just a currency.  There is nothing about bitcoin that makes banks obsolete.  I would assume that if bitcoin ever makes it into the mainstream, there will be bitcoin banks that will loan out bitcoin at reasonable interest rates, offer deposit instruments that will pay interest, handle fast transaction processing to avoid the need to wait for multiple confirmations, provide bitcoin credit or debit cards, process bitcoin valued paper checks, and offer reversible (chargeback) bitcoin based transactions for those who desire them.
@_date: 2012-06-18 22:50:27
Define "uncollected funds".  I suspect the answer to your question is no, but I'm not sure that I understand what you are asking (or that you understand how a bitcoin transfer works).
@_date: 2012-06-20 15:04:46
While a lottery is most certainly a scheme where small amounts of money are accepted from many and larger amounts are paid to a few (while the lottery operator skims off a bit). It isn't anything like a Ponzi scheme.  In a Ponzi Scheme, the "investor" is assured that their investment WILL generate a profit.  With a lottery, it is known ahead of time that there is only a small chance that you will get anything.  With a Ponzi Scheme, early investors are paid off with funds from later investors.  With a lottery, the last person to pay in is just as likely as the first to get any money back out.
@_date: 2012-08-29 22:42:14
ask walls tend to be a bit more effective than bid walls, mostly because people are more likely to sell in a panic than they are to buy in a panic.  If an event should trigger a panic in the market, panic sellers can overwhelm a bid wall quickly allowing the market price to plummet.
Assume for a moment that an individual has built up a bid wall to force buyers to buy at a price higher than the wall to protect the value of his BTC. Now assume a panic sell begins (or bubble pops?).  If the individual doesn't take down his order fast enough, he can end up buying a LOT of BTC at a price significantly higher than the price the market finally settles in on.
Since panic buys are less common, ask walls are less risky for those who are trying to keep the price low or stable.  Also if someone (or a large number of people collectively) suddenly want a large sum and quickly buy up all the BTC offered at a price less than your ask wall, you can end up selling off a large quantity of BTC at a price lower than the new market price, but it is unlikely that you are trying to keep the price lower than you bought in for (that wouldn't make much sense), and so you still get out of the market with a profit.
@_date: 2012-06-26 21:59:06
Also, consider localbitcoins.com.  Depending on where you are located, you may find someone willing to meet with you and exchange your cash for their bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-02-17 18:36:09
I'll be spending 3 weeks in Vegas in March.  I'll definitely stop by for a meal a few times if they are still accepting bitcoin then.