@_author: randomjackass
@_date: 2015-06-25 13:37:04
Because someone hates mobile users.
@_date: 2013-04-04 14:43:36
I think we're actually on the same page here. 
It's currently at a %0.0001 of the global market here, some extremely small amount. If it gets used more, it'll just deflate further, rendering it much less useful. 
It's reacting this bad under fractional amounts of stress that it would have as a global currency, leading me to think it won't work. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 21:03:05
Well, the problem is a lot of people aren't going to want to buy what you have, because they're "making" money by not buying anything. You'll have to make something so awesome that people will buy it, even though it loses them future money making opportunities. (Ok fine the iPhone kind of proves people will do that, but that took a hell of a lot of investment up front)
Which brings me to...
If you want to start a business, but have no money to start out, you're pretty much dead in the water immediately. No raw materials, no employees, nothing. Why would someone invest to buy you these things? 
There is a HUGE risk in losing money, when they have no risk keeping it. 
If you have those things(raw mats, etc), it's probably more prudent to just sell off, and make the % return on deflation. Because the ROI on doing nothing is greater. 
Capitalism works really well because of the investment opportunities. I don't need to be a builder or all things, but once I've built up my one thing, I can invest to keep making more money. My benefactor makes money when their business takes off, then they invest in someone else. The economy has to keep growing for that to work, and inflation is going to happen with that.
@_date: 2013-04-03 23:13:31
You're missing the point. I'm talking about a full BC economy, (Which, BC use is still well under %0.001 of the total world economy). There is NO RISK to hold onto a deflating currency, it just GAINS value by being. An investment IS RISK. Most large sums of money in history are made through more conservative investment strategies, then VC type risky investments. 
Why would I risk losing my money by investing? I have no motivation at all. 
So, once I have all the money I conceivably need, I'll just hold onto it. 
If I can't get that, I'll try to obtain it, but it'll be incredibly hard since there never will be any big investors. 
The economy will break of course, after it slows down. Unless someone tries to enforce BC it'll just be replaced. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 14:51:12
It keeps money moving to have it invested. Otherwise, it'll just stay stuck. This is why there's credit and loans, to get money flowing. Economies don't work unless there's transactions. 
Ideally, the uniformed about finances (most everyone) should be able to have their money invested rather safely by large institutions. 
Years ago, you could get a reliable %4 or more on savings and CD's even higher. These are low risk to no risk investment strategies. The banks could then use that money to lend out. 
This makes the banks have to be responsible with the way they handle their money, but that's their jobs. I'll be the boat mechanic, you be the banker. 
Current system transfers a lot of the risk back to the average consumer, who's probably going to get in over their head with the various investment schemes out there. Even highly trained professionals in other fields will have these problems. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 23:04:46
I'm not arguing against it being a speculation toy. But even if it settles down, it'll still be deflationary because there is a finite amount. This was an argument about what happens "when everyone buys in, and it settles down"
@_date: 2013-04-03 21:40:17
Except BC will always be deflationary. That's the issue with a fixed limit on the coins. The top tier denomination will forever be increasing. Even if we take into account BC to straight commodity (gallon of milk etc.) the problem remains. I could buy that milk with .1 BC today, then tomorrow it's worth .09BC etc… The market size is forever increasing, because of population, because the transactions are going up. The BC count stays the same, but we are splitting them into smaller and smaller shares. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 22:04:56
What about investors though? The current motivation to invest is to increase your return rate. If I let my money wallow in a savings account making %0.2 return, I'm losing out based on inflation. So I'll throw it into a stock, bond, mutual fund, whatever. 
But in a deflationary economy, I don't need to do that. If I've already made a good chunk of money, I'm best to sit on it. There's a tipping point where I'll make enough in just deflation increases that will more than cover my own cost of living, or whatever. At that point, I'd be dumb to put any of it at risk. This happens now with people who invest, except for most individuals it's a retirement account. At a point, you're covered for life, so stop messing with it and live. But that money created a shit ton of opportunity over time.
This would funnel the money to a handful at the top, and leave everyone fighting over tiny bits of coins. 