@_author: randrewohge
@_date: 2015-06-30 17:35:40
Bitcoin &amp; Altcoins Skyrocket on Greece Meltdown: Best Run In 18 Months!
Published on Jun 30, 2015
Bitcoin and leading altcoins like Litecoin, Dogecoin, and Hyper have benefited greatly from capital controls, ATM limits, and fear in Greece.
NEW TO BITCOIN? HERE'S $5.00 OF IT FOR FREE: 
Learn more about Bitcoin: 
Learn more about Litecoin: 
Learn more about Hyper: 
Watch the coin rankings/valuations in real time:  and  is excellent to watch also!
Feedback: 
Bitcoin tips:  Thank you for watching!
Not financial advice. 
Bitcoin and altcoins are volatile and can lose or gain in value quickly.
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:07:14
BREAKING: Important Federal Bitcoin Decision
An Important Federal Bitcoin Decision Happened Today
By Luke Rudkowski, Published on Dec 19, 2014
Luke Rudkowski covers the sentencing of Charlie Shrem, a well known bitcoin entrepreneur who received two years in federal prison because his company BitInstant sold bitcoins to a user who then sold them to Silk Road users. 
Apparently this is considered money laundering in the Bitcoin world. Rudkowski explains why this precedent-setting case is so important.
@_date: 2014-06-30 03:14:20
If 10% Of Humanity Turn Bitcoiners, Central Banking Goes Extinct
Justin O'Connell
What might it take for bitcoin to go mainstream? 
Scientists have found in recent years that when a mere 10 percent of the population holds dear a certain belief, this belief will be adopted by the lion’s share.
In 2011, for instance, scientists at Rensselaer used computational and analytical methods to discover the tipping point where a minority belief becomes the majority opinion. 
“When the number of committed opinion holders is below 10 percent, there is no visible progress in the spread of ideas. It would literally take the amount of time comparable to the age of the universe for this size group to reach the majority,” said SCNARC Director Boleslaw Szymanski.“Once that number grows above 10 percent, the idea spreads like flame.” 
The findings were published in the July 22, 2011 early online edition of the journal Physical Review E in an article titled “Social consensus through the influence of committed minorities.” 
A curious finding of the studies is that the percent of committed opinion holders required to shift majority opinion does not change all that much from one sort of idea to another – the percentage of committed opinion holders needed to influence a society remains about 10 percent.
It does not matter how or where the opinion starts and spreads in the society. 
According to that last bit of logic, it doesn’t matter if an opinion starts on the Internet. When 10% believe in it, it spreads like wildfire throughout the rest of the society, from the digital to the analog world or vice versa... 
The conclusions were reached via computer models of numerous types of social networks.
One of the networks had each person connect to every other person in the network, and the second model included specific individuals who were connected to many people, which made them opinion hubs or leaders.
Within the bitcoin network, the opinion hubs and leaders are those who were early into the bitcoin scene or simply active in their networking within that scene.
Many probably run businesses of their own. 
The final model gave every person roughly the same number of connections, and the initial state of all models was dominated by traditional-view holders.
These individuals held a view, but were open-minded to other views. 
The scientists then added true believers through the networks. These people were set in their views and ways.
As those true believers began to interact with those of the traditional belief systems, the tide gradually and then abruptly shifted. 
“In general, people do not like to have an unpopular opinion and are always seeking to try locally to come to consensus. We set up this dynamic in each of our models,” said SCNARC Research Associate and corresponding paper author Sameet Sreenivasan.
To accomplish this, each of the individuals in the models “talked” to each other about their opinion.
If the listener held the same opinions as the speaker, it reinforced the listener’s belief.
If the opinion was different, the listener considered it and moved on to talk to another person.
If that person also held this new belief, the listener then adopted that belief. 
“As agents of change start to convince more and more people, the situation begins to change,” Sreenivasan said. “People begin to question their own views at first and then completely adopt the new view to spread it even further. If the true believers just influenced their neighbors, that wouldn’t change anything within the larger system, as we saw with percentages less than 10.” 
The implications of the research are considerable. 
“There are clearly situations in which it helps to know how to efficiently spread some opinion or how to suppress a developing opinion,” said Associate Professor of Physics and co-author of the paper Gyorgy Korniss. 
The researchers, to be sure, are interested how the percentage might change when inputs are made to a polarized society.
Rather than holding one traditional view, the society instead holds two opposing viewpoints, like in the Democrat versus Republican example. 
The research received funding from the Army Research Laboratory (ARL) through SCNARC, part of the Network Science Collaborative Technology Alliance (NS-CTA), the Army Research Office (ARO), and the Office of Naval Research (ONR). 
Bitcoin Adoption
The pace of change gets faster all the time, and evidence shows that adoption also spreads faster today.
Bitcoin’s progress over the past five years to become the world’s first global currency has received widespread media comment, but tracking bitcoin’s spread scientifically with acquiring trustworthy data sets has been a bit more difficult.
Significant outliers render much of the numbers meaningless, such as wallet downloads.
So, if 500,000 QT-clients have been downloaded, for instance, how do we know whether or not many of those are from the same party? 
Nonetheless, as the Genesis Block examined, these data points can give us insight.
That blog took a look at global wallet downloads, demonstrated interest by region, exchange volumes across currencies, mining node locations, real-world interactions around bitcoin, and the major companies and investors pushing the bitcoin economy forward. 
The Genesis Block began by looking at those countries which had the most downloads of bitcoin software and then calculated those trends over time.
This model is not inclusive of all bitcoin users, as hosted wallets, thin wallets and holdings at exchanges are not reflected in this data set. The blog found that the US was the clear front-runner.
China had few downloads for a country of its size.
There was nonetheless a documentary aired by China’s largest state-run broadcaster in the spring of 2013 which led to many more downloads than before.
Russia was an early adopter but has since slowed relative to growing interest elsewhere.
The Genesis Block normalized for country size, comparing total wallet downloads to the population of each country in order to find penetration into each region.
In so doing, the website noticed Nordic countries are leaders in bitcoin adoption.
As the charts indicate, one probable reason for this is the region’s scientific literacy, and relative access to tech. The Nords are online en masse. 
Search engine traffic shows the waxing and waning interest across disparate regions.
Another chart shows key countries across a timeline since bitcoin’s introduction to the world.
Google Trends, wherefrom the data was received, normalizes search data for population size and and then assigns a value of 100 to the region or time period with the greatest number of normalized searches.
Normalized data from other regions is then compared to that on a scale of 0 to 100. 
Ultimately, with bitcoin correcting over recent months, there has been a drop in interest.
But, if scientists are correct, it is reasonable to believe that when 10% of individuals on the planet are aware of bitcoin, and believe it a viable option, digital currencies will have be on the cusp of the mainstream.
How this plays out has yet to be seen. 
@_date: 2014-12-05 18:18:58
Mastercard Executive Issues Cash-Hating Video
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 5, 2014
If you have ever held the view that financial operators like Mastercard aren't in bed with governments, the below video should dispel you of that belief.
Matthew Driver, MasterCard’s president for South East Asia, is out with a new attack video on Bitcoin.
The attack itself is pretty weak. 
I am a major critic of Bitcoin, but I wouldn't advance the problems with Bitcoin in the manner they are presented by Driver.
But there are two important takeaways from this video:
1. Bitcoin is on the radar of Mastercard. 
You can be sure this means that Mastercard lobbyists are plotting with legislators  to add regulations to cryptocurrency transactions to make them even less useful.
2. Remarkably, Driver, in this video, openly admits that one of the goals of Mastercard is to move "to a world beyond cash," because cash facilitates anonymity and tax avoidance.
Who hates anonymity and tax avoidance? 
Governments. 
Mastercard is a serious tool of governments. 
Case closed.
@_date: 2016-06-26 23:11:24
Vinny Lingham Explains – Here’s How the 1% Buy Bitcoin
Michael Krieger | Jun 26, 2016 
Vinny Lingham’s latest post published at Medium, is yet another must read for anyone interested in the Bitcoin price.(
Given that the Brexit is still fresh in our minds — the big question of “how will the global financial elite diversify their assets” is one that every money manager and their clients are discussing this weekend. 
Great timing for a Bitcoin post!
I sent a tweet out earlier this morning (followed by a tweet storm!) and there was a lot of activity around it and I felt compelled to explain it in more detail.
Overlooked fact: 
The OTC market for Bitcoin is bigger than the exchange market. 
Exchanges set the price but large trades don’t happen there.— Vinny Lingham ( June 26, 2016 (
One of the key themes of a prior post I wrote in 2014, was that the Bitcoin exchange infrastructure for the ordinary man on the street was not yet in place, and that this fact would be partially responsible for the subsequent sideways/downward trading in Bitcoin that eventually occurred as predicted.
To recap a quote from that post (dated March 31st 2014), entitled Finding Equilibrium(
Lack of trust with exchanges and limited ability to purchase
Consumers are spooked right now. MtGox ran away with $500m+ in Bitcoins and is bankrupt. 
No one really trusts any of the exchanges — even some smaller exchanges went under the past 3 months. 
The only “safe” place to buy Bitcoin in the USA is via Coinbase and they are not an exchange.
The US does not have a single licensed Bitcoin exchange and the rest of the world is reeling from MtGox. 
Bitstamp is proving to be the new global exchange of choice but the media has done a great job of keeping new potential Bitcoin users at bay with the usual inflammatory headlines whenever something negative happens in the Bitcoin space.
Most people I know who want to buy and sell Bitcoin are doing it “off-book” — which means the transactions are going instead via trusted networks. 
This will take buyers out of the marketplace and will ultimately mask the true supply/demand curve for Bitcoin. 
Anyone who doesn’t know a buyer will sell their coins via an exchange or via a merchant accepting Bitcoin which will put sell side pressure on the BTC price.
So instead of “buy side” money winding up in the exchanges which would be used to drive up the price, it’s sitting on the sidelines which has the impact of lowering the demand side of the equation within the marketplaces where Bitcoin is priced.
In my subsequent post 2 months ago, entitled Bitcoin 2016, I referenced the changes since the prior post:
There is a strong trust in exchanges and platforms for purchasing Bitcoin, such as Bitstamp, which recently got EU regulatory approval, Coinbase, Kraken, Circle, BitX and others.
What I didn’t cover in this post is what happened to the OTC (Over The Counter) market.
Over-the-counter (OTC) is a security traded in some context other than on a formal exchange such as the NYSE, TSX, AMEX, etc. 
The phrase “over-the-counter” can be used to refer to stocks that trade via a dealer network as opposed to on a centralized exchange. — Investopedia
The OTC market has continued to grow, and there are an estimated 10–15 formal OTC brokers out there for Bitcoin with any real volume, and maybe 3–4 who are more well known and trusted, such as Harry Yeh of Binary Financial( and a few more referenced by Wong Joon Ian in his Coindesk post( (which is well worth reading) on OTC Bitcoin trading. 
In the case of LocalBitcoins, they deal with smaller transactions but many exchanges also facilitate larger trades, off-book.
Many of the very wealthy individuals that I know who are looking to get into Bitcoin are not going to the exchanges. 
The limits are not significant enough for them. 
If a High Net-Worth Individual (HNI) has a net worth of $100m and wanted to place just $1m of that into Bitcoin as a hedge against market disruption, it would be imprudent of him to place that order on the open market. 
That is a single trade of over 1,000 BTC and it would push his price up (called slippage) significantly. 
Instead, he would call a broker, agree on a price (typically a few dollars above market spot price), and then perform the trade outside the market. 
The broker would match buyers and sellers and the exchange volume would not reflect the buying or selling activity for that trade. 
Now, imagine if a billionaire wanted to allocate 0.5% of his or her assets to Bitcoin. 
That is simply not possible on exchanges.
In doing some background research for this blog post, I spoke to a couple of OTC traders that I know and gathered the following data points:
The largest purchase I was able to uncover is around $50m on the OTC market and regular 8 figure purchases are now common. 
Given the scale of purchases this size, an order like this has to be filled using tranches. 
Brokers typically fill and price orders like this in 6,000–8,000 BTC tranches to prevent the market from pushing the price up and therefore it’s a combination of matching sellers and buyers, and then backfilling the balance from the exchanges (!! — nb, exchanges are being used for top ups, not primary transactions).
Typically, this year has been largely 66% buyers — 33% sellers in the OTC market according to my sources, but since the Brexit last week and the recent run-up, even more buyers have entered the OTC market — which is not being reflected in the price.
My key point in this blog post is that exchange volume doesn’t represent true market based Bitcoin demand and supply. 
Traders are technically trading on only a portion of the deals being transacted. 
Also, a lot of trading on the exchange market is back and forth arbitrage trading — not true demand (for e.g. buy and hold), so trade volumes are heavily inflated. 
For example, I could take $10,000 and trade (buy &amp; sell) that volume at least 5 times per day using a bot and generate over $1m in exchange volume during the course of the month. 
This means nothing, but it inflates the volumes we see on exchanges. 
Exchange to Exchange price arbitrage also makes up a large portion of the volume.
OTC brokers are also heavily used in cases where individuals are trying to circumvent exchange controls and so this is going to become an even more common use case, as exchanges cannot operate in those markets effectively.
I’ve been giving this volatility a lot of thought this past week — and this post sums up why I think that using exchange data, although somewhat reliable, doesn’t tell the whole picture on a supply/demand basis. 
High New Worth Individuals are not buying Bitcoin through exchanges — they need to use brokers for the amount that they are buying or will not move the dial for them on their goals.
This also infers that, technically, exchanges today are thinly traded. 
If I wanted to buy $50m in Bitcoin, what would prevent me from shorting the market by with $2–5m, forcing the price down and then buying $50m in volume from OTC traders who have clients panicking? 
Market manipulation, although seemingly unlikely, is entirely plausible in a thinly traded market where large trades happen outside the exchange. 
This will change if and when the Bitcoin price and market cap ( is sufficiently large and liquid enough that 10k BTC trades (enough for an OTC tranche) would not move the price significantly.
Another point worth noting is that large BTC buyers who are looking to diversify their portfolios are typically buy and hold buyers. 
They do not get panicked (they don’t care if they lose it as they are already wealthy) — so it’s a diversification strategy and when these transactions happen, the coins are permanently removed from the market (for a couple of years, at the very least). 
This means that if we’re looking at exchange data, the number of short positions in the market could be quickly squeezed out if there is a price rise to a point of high liquidity where buy transactions move from OTC back into the exchanges (causing the short squeezes I have been predicting in prior posts).
In summary, until we have a marketplace where OTC brokers are not needed to fulfill large orders, Bitcoin will be volatile. 
There is a significant amount of money from the global financial elite that is still sitting on the sidelines and now looking to get in, given the Brexit and other unfolding global political events and once it does there will be a short squeeze on traders currently shorting Bitcoin because the exchange volumes do not accurately reflect the demand side of the equation and the upcoming halving day is going to choke the supply of new coins.
@_date: 2016-06-04 18:15:48
A little over two years ago, I came across a fascinating piece by serial entrepreneur Vinny Lingham which predicted a flat-to-down bitcoin price in the medium term. 
I highlighted the piece in the post, Why is the Bitcoin Price So Weak?
[ 
The reason I found the article so compelling was not just the well thought out thesis, but also because he remained a bitcoin bull. 
As someone who spent 10 years professionally observing the financial markets on Wall Street, I know how difficult it is to be bullish and at the same time admit the price won’t be going anywhere for a while.
Ever since that post was published, I waited anxiously for a followup signaling that the weakness was over. 
I had to wait two years, but in early May 2016 he publicly turned very bullish. 
I highlighted this shift in the piece, Vinny Lingham on the Bitcoin Price – Prepare for the “Mother of All Short Squeezes”. 
One month later, the price is +25%.
Seemingly inspired by the recent action, Vinny has been writing more frequently as of late and he just published another piece titled, Deconstructing the Bitcoin Market Cap.
In it, he argues that when looking at bitcoin price charts it’s important to keep in mind several factors other than just the nominal price. 
Due to the nature of the network’s supply curve, there has been a material amount of dilution since the prior all time high achieved in late 2013. 
As such, he argues that looking at market cap is probably more important than nominal price when determining a new “breakout level.” 
He also thinks it’s meaningful to adjust for lost/destroyed coins when thinking about an adjusted market cap high. 
Putting all this together, he thinks the actual adjusted market cap price per BTC is somewhere around $700. 
As such, he thinks that level will prove to be major resistance, but that we’ll witness the mega up move after a period of consolidation around that area.
For more, here’s the entire post:
Deconstructing the Bitcoin Market Cap
There is clearly a widely distributed misunderstanding of what a market capitalization actually is, and specifically as it refers to crypto currencies, and in particular, Bitcoin. 
I felt compelled to write this post as a result. 
This is by no means an exhaustive analysis, but it’s a good start to help clear up some market confusion. 
Please recommend this post on Medium and distribute this post to financial writers/journalists covering Bitcoin to help clear up the confusion.
Let’s start with definitions:
“Market capitalization is just a fancy name for a straightforward concept: it is the market value of a company’s outstanding shares. This figure is found by taking the stock price and multiplying it by the total number of shares outstanding.” — Investopedia
Now, to be absolutely clear, this definition was meant to apply to stocks — not commodities and definitely not digital commodities. Given the comparison is a semi-reasonable proxy for Bitcoin, and it’s widely understood by the financial press, let’s work with it.
All data from this post comes from Blockchain.info, unless otherwise stated.
1. Total Bitcoins mined to date = 15.6m
2. Total Bitcoins outstanding = 5.4m
3. Current Bitcoin Price = $528
4. Rate of new coins issued — 3,600/day until next month
5. Bitcoins lost/destroyed/missing = 2,5m (approx — re: Coinbuzz)
6. Reported All-Time Bitcoin Price= $1,151 (VWAP across all exchanges)
7. Reported All-Time High Bitcoin “Market Cap” = $13,8 Billion
You may have already have guessed where I’m heading with this, based on the data above, but nevertheless, let’s explore:
1. If a company is issuing new 25 new shares every 10 minutes, clearly this would constitutes a stock split (continuously) and therefore the historical price of that stock would need to be adjusted to reflect the stock split (this is how it works today). 
However, in “Bitcoinland”, this is ignored. It’s just too convenient for us to use the biggest numbers possible to reinforce our dogmatic and unfettered belief in Bitcoin as the solution to all global problems and to continue pumping up the price (/end sarcasm).
2. If a shareholder loses their stock certificates and there is no other ledger or proof of ownership, the real market cap of the company would need to be adjusted as those stockholders would be unable to trade their shares, earn dividends or redeem them. 
The shares are gone and therefore outstanding shares would need to be adjusted. 
This has happened before, especially pre-electronic trading era. 
The general consensus is that 1.5m-4m Bitcoins are gone or lost forever. 
This is VERY material — I believe estimating that 2.5m is a healthy estimate for coins we will never see again, including Satoshi’s coins (risk percentage adjusted). 
The difference with Bitcoin is that if a hard drive is deleted, you will never recover those coins — it’s not stolen, it’s gone. 
Gold always remains on earth, even if the Spanish armada sinks in the middle of the Atlantic — Bitcoins don’t.
3. You absolutely cannot use an ATH for a share price if 3.5m shares have been issued (22.5% dilution has occurred) — it must be adjusted! Equally, an ATH for market cap must factor in those missing/lost shares.
I’ve done a quick analysis, based upon my understanding of how the Bitcoin world looks. 
The dates I’ve used have some historical and some personal arbitrary significance.
The first 2 dates are the two prior peaks (bubbles) of Bitcoin prices that many people will remember. 
The next 2 dates relate to my first two Bitcoin blog posts, Finding Equilibrium( &amp; Bitcoin Rising ( 
July 10, 2015 is approximately 1 year before the Bitcoin rewards are halved this year on July 10th, and May 29th is yesterday, but 3 weeks after my post earlier this month on Bitcoin 2016, predicting the current short squeeze which started in earnest this weekend.
Based upon my analysis, the ATH price for Bitcoin is $697.19 — which most Bitcoin technical &amp; trading analysts, like BitcoinBullBear, will tell you represents a major breakout level for Bitcoin and will likely see a lot of resistance.
[ 
This is because it IS an ATH for Bitcoin, not a technical level. 
The technical levels essentially confirm what I’m saying — even though the technical analysis is not factoring in the points above, it’s very clear from market behavior.
The purpose of this post was merely to set the record straight. 
So, if you’re in the Bitcoin world, please help educate the financial community that Bitcoin’s ATH is not c. $1151, but in fact c. $700 (and this adjusts, the longer it takes to get there, given the number of new coins issued daily). 
The same way that the Apple share price all time high is not $800 (they did a 6–1 stock split — so it’s $133).
An alternative way of looking at it, for comparison purposes, is that Bitcoin is trading at $733 right now (as opposed to $528), relative to its previously reported ATH of $1151. 
I would love to see some technical analysts and chartists use my methodology, above, to replot and recalculate trendlines.
When I predicted that Bitcoin will end the year at $1,000+, it’s on an net market cap adjusted basis — so therefore imputed market cap will be over $15bn — which will most certainly be an ATH for Bitcoin…
Edit &amp; Authors note: I’m not saying this is a akin to a stock split. I’m inferring that when a stock split happens, the market capitalization remains the same for the company BUT the stock price is adjusted accordingly. 
This does not happen as the number of Bitcoins in circulation increases for no value every 10 minutes.
After reading the above, I realized many people remain confused about what Vinny means when he refers to a huge “short squeeze.” 
To get some more insight into his thinking, I called him up and we chatted. 
Here’s the general thesis.
Roughly every 10 minutes, a Bitcoin block is created and with that 25 new bitcoins are mined into existence. 
Every few years the number of coins created every 10 minutes is cut in half. 
The last time this happened was in late 2012, the next time will be in July 2016. So how will this create a short squeeze?
First let’s think about the mining sector. 
With the success of the Bitcoin ecosystem, mining has become big business. 
There are a certain amount of miners in existence and they’re all chasing the same coins. 
The problem for the industry is that the amount of coins up for grabs is about to be cut in half, while the number of miners competing for them remains roughly the same. 
Economics 101 tells you this will create a problem, and ultimately a major shakeout in the industry. 
Those who aren’t the most efficient, or don’t have the ability to stay in business will close down. 
So why would this create a short-squeeze?
Vinny thinks the mining industry is net short. 
Thus, when some of them inevitably run into problems they’ll have no choice but scramble to cover and square away their books. 
I want to note that I have no insight at all as to whether the mining industry is short or not. 
It’s not something I follow closely. 
What I am saying is Vinny thinks it is. 
If he’s right, then this could create serious fireworks.
Stay tuned.
More: 
@_date: 2015-08-18 19:46:35
This is Sparta – 1,000 Bitcoin ATMs are Coming to Greece
Michael Krieger | Aug 18, 2015
I simply cannot stress enough how important Greece is to freedom, liberty and civilization across the globe.
Greece is not a one-off, or merely a small nation in big trouble that holds little relevance for the rest of us. Greece is everything.
What is happening to Greece follows the exact same game plan of what will eventually happen to every other supposedly sovereign nation.
First there is an explosion of debt.
Then a crisis.
Then a bailout.
Then creditor imposed hardship is forced upon the average population, in conjunction with unlimited bailouts for the bankers and other oligarch criminals.
Finally, when a public which mistakenly believes it is living in a democracy exercises its right to national sovereignty, the sad truth is exposed.
They are not a people living under a free political system.
It is precisely because Greece has progressed further along than any other Western nation into this neo-feudal hellhole, that it presents an incredible opportunity for resistance,
The Greeks, quite literally, must fight for their very lives. Having been pushed into a corner, they will be forced to experiment in myriad ways if they desire to escape the criminal oligarch vortex in one piece.
Last week, I explored how Greeks are already embracing various local alternative currencies in the post, Greeks Flock to Grassroots Alternative Currencies in Affront to Euro Debt Slavery.
One of the more interesting observations from the original Wall Street Journal article was that:
Experts say TEM and other local currencies work best side-by-side with the euro, not as a replacement.
The above is of course true when it comes to local currencies.
It’s not true when it comes to Bitcoin, which is why I am so intrigued by the plan to bring 1,000 Bitcoin ATMs to Greece.
What makes this plan so interesting and ambitious, is that there is only one Bitcoin ATM in Greece at the moment.
From the CoinTelegraph:
Bitcoin service provider and exchange Cubits has partnered with Greek bitcoin exchange BTCGreece to install 1,000 bitcoin ATMs and help small and medium sized businesses move money.
“We are creating the ecosystem of bitcoin and blockchain solutions in the Greek market.” BTCGreece founder Thanos Marinos told CoinTelegraph.
“That will include the rollout of 1,000 ATMs and solutions for the e-commerce and tourism industry. Partnering with best of breed companies in the bitcoin space will enable us to provide the Greeks with solutions that will ease the difficulties of the capital controls.”
The Greek government still restricts the weekly withdrawal limit for bank accounts and debit cards to US$464.76 per week.
To help small and medium sized companies send payments abroad, the two companies plan to develop a cross border payment system, which will allow small businesses to send payments quickly, at low cost. Marinos:
“Btcgreece and Cubits are offering a solution to the small and medium sized businesses to keep their operations, pay their invoices outside of Greece, pay for datacenter and servers, without the limitations imposed by the banks under capital controls.”
Additionally, bitcoin adoption in Greece is growing rapidly, he added. Individuals and business are beginning to recognize the advantages of bitcoin and its decentralized nature.
“Bitcoin adoption is happening and in a very fast pace,” explained Marinos.
“Bitcoin in Greece is not just hype but a solution to day to day problems of people and businesses under capital controls.
Also a key factor is that the trust for the traditional banking system is long gone and people are open to bitcoin.”
Best of luck to the Greeks.
They need and deserve our full and total support.
Their fight is our fight.
@_date: 2015-11-02 19:47:16
Bitcoin Program Helping Refugees Who Don’t Have Documentation For Bank Accounts
Nov 2, 2015 by John Vibes 
A new project called Bitnation is hoping to help refugees through their transition by setting them up with an emergency digital ID attached to a bitcoin wallet and a visa card. 
Many refugees are put in a tough position by the difficult paperwork requirements needed to open a bank account in most European countries. 
Their inability to identify themselves or hold funds makes it difficult to start a new life, but Bitnation is hoping to change that.
According to a statement posted on the group’s website:
“Bitnation Refugee Emergency Response (BRER) is a Humanitarian Aid Project of Bitnation to facilitate and provide Emergency Services and Humanitarian Aid to refugees during the European Refugee Crisis of September 2015. 
Our objective is to utilize Blockchain technology to authenticate and validate identification through a Blockchain Emergency ID (BE-ID), provide dispute resolution as needed, and otherwise provide and locate needed services to refugees, including but not limited to, Bitnation Bitcoin Visa Debit Cards (BVDC).
Bitnation seeks to ease the burden of Receiving States during this crisis by assisting in providing secure transactions and transitional tools required to meet the current needs of refugees, and provide economic and political solutions to refugees within the Receiving State with secure, established Open Source Blockchain technology.
Bitnation seeks peaceful, diplomatic co-operation with Receiving States to help avert this crisis by extending Humanitarian Aid to the Stateless and refugees within Receiving States in harmony with the principles enshrined in the UN Charter, the 1951 Refugee Convention, the 1954 Convention relating to the Status of Stateless Persons, the 1961 Convention on the Reduction of Statelessness, and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights of 1948.
It has also sought to establish relations with the UNHCR, OHCHR and UNPO to determine methods of collaborative co-operation and to assist in maintaining the Public International Order and to protect refugees as our capacity allows.”
Susanne Templehof, founder of Bitnation said at a recent event that this project may help refugees find ways around the roadblocks that are set up for them while entering a new country.
“We are providing emergency ID and then this visa card because most refugees will be unemployed. They won’t be legally able to get a job for several years and they can’t open a bank account,” Templehof said.
“If you are an adult man, you are used to providing for your family and then you have to wait for handouts of blankets and food from charities. We also provide family services like maps where people can say, ‘I lost this person here – I’m in Germany’. 
So it’s basically all built around families uniting again.
I would like to see all legacy systems disappear, the most important being borders. 
That is the most criminal one. 
Just because you are born in the wrong area with a piece of paper you can be subject to a horrible government or famine or starvation,” she added.
Templehof believes that this type of technology can make governments and borders obsolete, by allowing people to opt out of the system and create independent lives of their own.
This article ( Bitcoin Program Helping Refugees Who Don’t Have Documentation For Bank Accounts ) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author andTrueActivist.com.
Read More:
@_date: 2015-11-03 21:48:25
Bitcoin: Watch The World Currencies Flow Into Bitcoin BTC In Realtime!
Bitcoin and its more powerful offspring [Quark] waiting in the background for the reset.
BITCOIN IS THE CANARY IN THE COAL MINE
Over the years I’ve pointed out that when events, such as the Cyprus bank “bail-ins” occurred, how gold and silver should have risen dramatically… but didn’t. 
While during the same time period bitcoin tripled in price. 
And the reason I said that happened was because bitcoin is nowhere near of a controlled and manipulated market as gold and silver.
In that way, I see bitcoin as a canary in the coal mine. 
It had leveled off and stayed near $230-$250 nearly all year, which prompted me to give the “all clear” on it this summer for new investment and now it is literally skyrocketing.
I think this very well could be a presage to a major market event. 
By nearly every metric the markets are massively strained. 
The US markets had an excellent dead cat bounce since the crash in August but it could well be a set-up for a second, larger “event.”
By the end of this year,or even sooner, gold and silver could have have followed bitcoins’ lead higher – while fiat-based currency continue to degrade.
MONETARY, FINANCIAL AND ECONOMIC CHAOS AHEAD
Bitcoin is just one of many indicators that markets may yet again be close to the top and ready to correct – good and hard..
If you still haven’t gotten into or figured out bitcoin, we recommend again taking a look at this complete course at DollarVigilante.com/bitcoin to get up-to-speed as soon as possible on bitcoin. 
Hundreds of TDV readers and subscribers did over the summer and many are already very happy they did.
The gold and silver mining stocks are also showing life for the first time in years. 
Just recently, a junior miner recommended by TDV Senior Analyst, Ed Bugos, nearly doubled in less than two weeks from the end of September until the first week of October. 
It has pulled back since then but if gold &amp; silver have breakouts this month we can expect additional significant gains (1,000%+ is not at all out of the question – subscribe to TDV Premium for specific recommendations from Ed Bugos). 
And we just told subscribers in our October Issue of TDV how they can get a bitcoin ATM and debit card to be able to use bitcoin to purchase anything you can buy with a credit card or turn it into fiat cash in an instant anywhere in the world.
Get informed and positioned now for what I expect to be a wild ride for the rest of the year and 2016 to be a bloodbath for those not positioned correctly.
Dollar Vigilante: 
@_date: 2017-06-19 17:53:42
Congress To Force Citizens to Register Cash and Bitcoin, Violators Get 10 Years in Prison 
Jun 17, 2017 - By Admin
Congress submits bill making it illegal to hold cash, Bitcoin, or other assets outside of a bank without informing them in writing
Just as the War on Drugs was never actually about slowing down or stopping the import and use of illegal narcotics, so too was the spurious War on Terror not about stopping individuals or groups from inciting violence for political means.
In fact, we already know that U.S. agencies have funded, trained, and armed the very terror groups that are supposedly on the FBI’s Terror Watch List when they supported them in the taking over of Libya, and in the attempt to take over Syria.
So the question then has to be asked… what are the purposes behind the ideological wars against drugs and terror really all about?  
Well, since the real victims going back to the 1970’s when the War on Drugs was instituted by President Richard Nixon have been the millions of Americans incarcerated for victimless crimes, and the billions of dollars seized without a trial in what is known as Civil Forfeiture, then it is fairly obvious who these wars were really focused against.
And since the advent of the Patriot Act, which hasn’t stopped a single terrorist or terror event following the terror attacks on 9/11, the ability of Americans to do as they please with their own money has been stymied in the government’s attempt to monitor and regulate every single transaction individuals choose to conduct.
However, with the rise of cryptocurrencies, and the new fears coming out that decentralized virtual money could actually start or magnify a financial crisis, Congress on May 25 has submitted a bill making it illegal, and placing individuals subject to asset confiscation and imprisonment, for anyone to have a medium size amount of cash, Bitcoin, etc… outside of a bank without telling the government how much you have, where you have it, and why you have it through the filling out of new Federal forms.
Recently a new bill was introduced on the floor of the US Senate entitled, pleasantly,
“Combating Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing, and Counterfeiting Act of 2017.” You can probably already guess its contents.
Cash is evil.
Bitcoin is evil.
Now they’ve gone so far to include prepaid mobile phones, retail gift vouchers, or even electronic coupons.
Evil, evil, and evil.
Among the bill’s sweeping provisions, the government aims to greatly extend its authority to seize your assets through “Civil Asset Forfeiture”.
Civil Asset Forfeiture rules allow the government to take whatever they want from you, without a trial or any due process.
This new bill adds a laundry list of offenses for which they can legally seize your assets… all of which pertain to money laundering and other financial crimes.
Here’s the thing, though: they’ve also vastly expanded on the definition of such ‘financial crimes’, including failure to fill out a form if you happen to be transporting more than $10,000 worth of ‘monetary instruments’.
Have too much cash?
You’d better tell the government.
If not, they’re authorizing themselves in this bill to seize not just the money you didn’t report, but ALL of your assets and bank accounts.
They even go so far as to specifically name “safety deposit boxes” among the various assets that they can seize if you don’t fill out the form.
@_date: 2013-11-01 20:32:07
"Bitcoin, a digital cryptocurrency, is already likened to digital cash because of its quasi-anonymity. When you pay for something in cash you don't typically show ID verifying who you are, but the store will have some metadata on you (what you look like, how tall you are, etc.).  While names may never be a used in a Bitcoin transaction, certain metadata is traceable through an open source log which could lead to identifying the user. Dark Wallet would eliminate the reliability of the public metadata."
@_date: 2017-06-19 19:44:19
LOL...there IS THAT, of course.
@_date: 2013-11-01 23:41:10
I agree. Back in the day, it was all you needed to do business. These analytical bots and their "suggestions are a major pain cluttering up the web. They do not know me, and consequently, make offers and suggestions that are totally meaningless, anyway.