@_author: randomizerdude
@_date: 2017-12-05 23:34:05
Well, back in the year 2000 1USD was equal to 570Bs, but as i have stated previously in 2008, three 0s were removed from the currency and it was renamed to VEF, so those 570Bs becacame and are now 0.570VEF, so 600'000VEF / 0.570VEF(cost of each usd at 2000) = $1052631.58, so what you see in the picture used to be over a million dollars back in the year 2000. 
And well read my other comment, it is on the top and it answer your other questions. Oh and no worries.
@_date: 2017-12-27 00:56:52
I have always thought that people shouldn't be focusing on the price that much, although i completely understand why  they do it, but for me personally as long as the price remains stable and everything is working properly that's great for me, of course, we wouldn't want it to go down in value as people who recently got crypto will feel quite bad when that happens because they lost part of their hard earned money, at least i would since all of my earned money is through crypto (No way to get any other currency safely from international clients where i live.). 
But if price stays stable, that's perfect. A lot of people are fomoing into crypto now mostly because they want to get rich with it and not because they are interested in the tech, how it works, its purpose, they are completely or mostly ignoring that.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:26:04
Neither for selling not for buying, noone has access to dollars at those rates. There hasn't been an "official" rate for a lot of years, so none of those currency converters can really implement an official exchange rate to pair with the venezuelan currency. 
The government has kept official numbers and percentages hidden. The black market usd to vef rate is about the same as the official rate would be, as the black market calculates the official rate from a lot of different economic factors.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:49:48
A rate set by the government long ago that hasnt been changed for years and that noone has access to. The last time the government provided USD their rate was about 80% of the black market, something like 8000vef back when 1USD was 10'000vef.
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:32:50
Thank you for what you've been doing, i noticed you were commenting in behalf of helpvenezuelans, as well as keeping up with all that is been going on. You had done a great act back when you donated and i was happy to put your name and take some pictures of those you helped to send them your way, you really didn't have to do anything else beyond that as you had touched quite a lot of people already! however, i'm really happy and thankful that you kept looking out of for helpvenezuelans. Thanks for being kind!
And thank you so much for your donation, it'll be a huge help for a lot of different people specially now that Christmas is coming, you have no idea how big things that could be thought of little elsewhere are here, i'll make sure to record everything that will be done with that donation and the people it helped and upload it on the website once it's completed and also send you a private message as a heads up in case you're interested in checking it out. I am going to make sure those that receive help in behalf of you know the name of the guy who made it possible. 
Thank you, and thanks to everyone else who has been helping so far, you may have no idea the amount of happiness and the amount of people this is going to touch, this is also going to save many lives. Thank you again, Dean.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:27:50
please check the big comment i just sent, it explains everything that is going on and that happened...
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:27:52
please check the big comment i just sent, it explains everything that is going on and that happened...
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:42:32
Yes, pretty much. I read of a lot of people helping Venezuelans that way, hiriing them and paying them a little more then the rest.
Yes we can still ship things internationally and yes there are a lot of highly skilled Venezuelans on every single field. How to find specific ones and putting them in touch online though i really wouldn't know.
@_date: 2017-12-05 22:08:44
Hey man me nor my family ever voted for them and in fact we were always against them from the very beginning, please don't draw misplaced conclusions.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:50:29
Neither me nor my family ever voted for them. Sadly this happened. I don't want to keep talking about poltics anymore that's why i didn't mention that point but yes that is what happened, everyone knows whats going on and the government does not care about anyone of us, people are dying like they are nothing...
I rather talk about the people. There are a lot of very great and hard working people that would love to leave but sadly can't afford to. But you are right those who can are leaving as soon as they get a chance. I'm leaving in about a year after i finish with some documents i need.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:29:09
please check the big comment i just sent, it explains everything that is going on and that happened...
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:39:52
We use bank transfers, points of sale, there's almost no cash flowing on the streets, noone takes it to the bank to deposit it either as they won't be able to get that cash ever again from the bank as there's a withdrawal limit of 10'000USD per day and ATMs are almost always  empty. Cash has almost disappeared, these bills are from a very old tv my mom sold to a friend of her that lives in a little town with no internet that actually still has some cash flowing throgh it.
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:47:23
Doubt they'll ever come out, the government was discussing making a special seal to put on our 100VEF bills to transform them into 100'000VEF bills, this is because we don't even have enough money to print new bills. Specially because we pay Germany and the Netherlands to make those for us, we don't have the materials or machinery needed to do it ourselves.
@_date: 2017-12-05 14:30:12
We are heading to become the new Zimbabwe increasingly fast, three months ago the exact money was worth 33 USD. 
**Here is the really short explanation of what happened and what is happening right now and how bitcoin has changed the lives of many over here.**
alright so i'll explain, keep in mind i'll keep it short and thus will skip a lot of information:
Back in the year 2000 any Venezuelan could send  or receive bank transfers to or from any country in the world, our credit and debit cards also worked anywhere in the world. Back then 1USD was 570Bs (equal to what would now be 0.570VEF now, because back in 2008 the currency was renamed and three 0s were removed from it, so what was back in the year 2000 570Bs after 2008 became 0.570VEF) (Effectively, our currency has lost 185964x of its value). Any Venezuelan could also buy USD at exchange houses, any amount of USD they wanted to at the official exchange rate.
Fast forward to the year 2003 and a system called cadivi was introduced, cadivi was basically a system to heavily regulate the way Venezuelans could access foreign currency, it limited Venezuelans access to USD according to their motives for requiring said usd, for example regular people who just needed money to travel to other country could opt for up to 3000USD a year at the new set exchange rate. The country was financially shut down, we couldn't send or receive money transfers from other countries anymore, nor we could use our debit/credit cards on other countries either. 
As i said before regular people would have to go through certain requirements to request those up to 3000USD a year at the set exchange rate. Business would have to go through even greater minimum requirements to opt for USD so they could import what they needed to keep operations going, these requirements were different based on the type of business and size.
We went from being able to communicate financially with anyone in the world to being shut down, freelancers like me or people who got their salaries from other countries would have to find other ways to get payments from their clients.
Fast forward a few years, now the regular people are no longer able opt for any amount of USD yearly, and business were having a harder and harder time purchasing USD legally to import what they needed and keep operations. Inflation was much much higher too and hence our currency has much much less value.
Fast forward a few years and now not even business are able to purchase USD legally, a [black market arose, called dolartoday]( it kept tabs on what would be the actual USD-VEF relation according to different metrics that they had to go an extra mile to get as the government wasn't providing inflation metrics nor any type of economy metrics anymore to hide the real situation we were in.
Since the government no longer provided USD to business and business had to sort to buying USD in the black market at the actual exchange rate which was much higher they then had to adjust their prices accordingly, prices then exploded. Fast forward a few years and minimum wage went from being about $600 about 20 years ago to being about 4.5USD today (450'000VEF), that is monthly minimum wage.
The working middle class or what would be considered it is [now sadly sorting to scavenging the trash for food]( because they can't afford anything with their salaries, 450kVEF monthly being $4.5 and just 1kg of meat being worth 105'000, so you could only purchase a little more than 4kg with a whole months worth of work. Now what about rice, pasta, veggies, fruits, eggs, shampoos, soaps, shoes, clothing, toys for your kids, books or everything else? Impossible... a pair of shoes goes from 5'000'000VEF, just think about the prices of anything you can purchase in the US, then multiply by 104'000VEF and you'll get an aproximate price for what it would cost here as mostly everything here is imported and we produce almost nothing.
Streets are filled with suffering people begging for food or medicine or any kind of help, a lot of kids asking for help because their sisters or mothers are sick at home and there's no food at all.
Bitcoin has provided a way for some of us to be able to sustain our families, those of us that are freelancers and work online for clients in other countries can use bitcoin to safely charge clients, those who want to sell valuable things like houses or cars are selling those for bitcoins. Before using bitcoin we had to use payment processors like paypal to protect our money from inflation, which was really risky as these payment processors could freeze our funds anytime, specially since we verify our accounts with virtual cards we purchase online (remember we can't send or receive money from other countries, so payment processors only allow us to attach US bank accounts, we also can't use our cards internationally so these cards are detected as invalid if we tried to use them to verify these processors...), i got my paypal account closed with all my money in it at the time, i had no other way to store my money, just take a look at how USD-VEF [relation was 3 months ago]( it was at 18'000VEF per USD, today it is at 104'000VEF per USD, which means if i had $1000 in my currency laying on my bank account for the past 3 months, i would have the same amount in VEF of course, but they would be worth $170 now. Inflation would have eaten through all of my savings, not only that but being able to spend what i charge clients through payment processors like paypal costed me 20% of whatever i wanted to convert whenever i needed to purchase food or anything else, reason being exchangers, i had to pay a 20% fee for an exchanger to take my paypal USD and give me the equivalent in VEF, and they all take at least a 20% fee for that.
I lost a lot of money when my paypal account was closed, money used for medicine, food, and money that was there to pay for any sudden emergency, if i had an accident or somebody on my family and suddenly needed that money i would have died just because how huge assholes paypal are for not understanding i couldnt provide a card statement because i used a virtual card. With bitcoin we don't run those risks, we don't have to stress and lose sleep to think we could get our funds frozen at any time or anything like that. Keep in mind though not many use bitcoin, people who are on minimum wage for example spend their whole money as soon as they get their salaries in the little amount of food they can afford with it, they don't really have time to even think what bitcoin is at the moment, they spend their time having either multiple jobs or looking for ways to earn more money so they can feed themselves a little better or at all. Those who use bitcoin are people like me who work online and can actually earn decently to sustain our families. Everyone else is suffering, starving, a lot of families have been wiped out, and this is happening to hard working and intelligent people, they don't deserve this, noone does, even if you have money sometimes you will be screwed to because you won't be able to find certain things, i lost my dad back in december due to a mix of malpractice and because we couldn't find the medicine that he needed, medicine that is so common you would find at any drug store in a decent country. A lot of diseases which you guys find silly and don't even think about are a death sentence here.
I'll leave it at here, i didn't mention a lot of things because if i did this would be several pages long. Please let me know if any of you have any questions...
**Edit2:** Placing it here so more can see, for those wondering how to help and asking about my efforts to help my people i have been for a while now providing a few meals each day to the hungry, about 50 meals each day and also have started not so long ago to provide medicine and other supplies like pillows, sheets, clean clothing, soaps and toilet papers. You can read more about it if you check my comment history going back a few weeks.
This is a website i put up and on which you can donate towards that cause 
Also bitcoin: 38tqgGsHyCJeSYcUhrrfZfQHRMujyiu54E 
You can read a little more [over here](
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:52:49
Very few of my friends speak english and those that do grew up the same way that i did, with games, and with a drive for tech. Not many speak english but usually Venezuelans that are on reddit will speak english pretty well.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:21:26
Well, now a days only banks give loans to people, and banks always have VEF so i guess they would lose the value on their money one way or another, it is hard to get a loan though, very very hard. And besides banks there are no loans from anyone else, like 10 years ago we could buy a financed phone that we could pay over 20 months, same with cars, fridges, computers or anything. Not any more though, everything you buy right now you have to pay full price, and price fluctuates from one day to the next so if you thought about buying something tomorrow because by then you'll have enough money you'll probably won't be able to anymore.
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:15:47
Extreme centralization lead to our country being destroyed. I could write a more thoroughly explanation if you would like me to.
@_date: 2017-12-05 22:27:15
We're not cooking the meals ourselves anymore at the moment, we're getting the meals from a restaurant nearby that serves quality food at a good prices, i myself have been eating there for years, they are good people and i know for a fact they handle their food well. So not a chance of authorities caring about we holding a couple of bags filled with packages of cooked meals and giving them away to the homeless. 
 
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:17:27
Unless you care about your safety. Crime takes the lives of over 30 thousand innocent Venezuelans each year, every Venezuelan has atleast one family member or friend killed because they resisted to being robbed if thugs see you come from the US they'll try to kidnap you to ask your family for ransom probably on the order of hundreds of thousands of dollars. Has happened with some tourists. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:35:39
These people are just unbelievable, they don't care if what they are doing will ruin a bunch of peoples lives, there are quite a lot of people that follow the don't invest what you can't afford to lose motto, but there are also quite a lot of other people that can't really do anything else but put all their money into bitcoin. Like people in centralized third world countries like mine where people can't use bank accounts or credit/debit cards to receive or send payments outside the country. We're tied either to our currency or assets we put our money into.
Our currency on the other hand is pretty screwed, our economy is so bad that at the start of last month, 1USD was worth 22'000VEF, and now 1USD is worth 73218,75VEF. Suddenly those $3000 you had saved are now worth $950, of course, nobody can save that much because minimum monthly wage is about $4.7 right now, so a lot of hard working people are starving, our money is worth less and less as time passes, 15 years ago minimum wage was about $600 and people could afford whatever they wanted with whatever job they had... Now you can't afford to buy 5kgs of meat with one months worth of works salary, meat is a luxury for a lot of people and they only eat it a few times every few days, and people eat 1 or 2 times a day.
Those who have money have because they either work online for international clients who pay them in usd, or because they were big in the time of great economy Venezuela, and they still have a lot of assets, but even when you have money it's like you don't, technology is old here and if you want to buy something you have to get it through amazon and use a freight forwarder, if you are sick and need medicine most of the time you are going to have to get it from other country as well. Lots of sick people are dying because they can't afford their medicine or treatment, or because there is no equipment for their treatment, like chemo for cancer is non existent...
So to my point, if you want to save you can't use our currency (VEF), if you used gold you could be targeted by bad people that could rob your house and kill you for it, if you bought cars to sell them later you would be also robbed and maybe even killed for them, and so on... If you used payment processors like paypal, payza and the like they could freeze your funds whenever they felt like it, and because of our centralized economy we can't attach our countries banks account to withdraw, only receive and send to other accounts, so if our accounts got frozen it is basically bye bye to that money.
With bitcoin however everything changes, we can buy it easily at localbitcoins.com, and sell them too, we have total control over our money and what we do with it, we can keep it a secret and be safe from bad people, and we have to keep it a secret, if the goverment finds out they could jail us under money laundering laws and rob our money, like what happened to a friend of mine, who they found out was mining doing to a spike in power consumption,  he was set free after paying a huge amount to corrupt cops and a few weeks later received a notification that his equipment was back up mining and generating money... (they didn't even reconfigure it again for a while...)
So yeah, these Segwit2x people are putting our lives at risk, i sell my bitcoin as i need it, if i suddenly became sick and the only way for me to live was to pay a huge amount on a health bill, and these fuckers screwed bitcoins price and it dropped a lot, i would probably die by not being able to afford this bill anymore.
The people with crypto are a small number though, as i said minimum monthly wage is $4.7 and people are starving, so they don't really have time to learn about what bitcoin is =(, whenever you go out you find people asking for help, crying because they are hungry, asking for food... Old people are specially affected since in their younger years they could afford a house, cars, vacations, to feed their families with just one job, and now they can't even afford to feed themselves properly... It is really tough.
I have been helping for a while now feeding those in a extremely bad situation everyday but what i'm doing is really, really tiny and minimal...
edit: to I made a website by someones recommendations, it is 
bitcoin address 3P5xuFBSJudV7PVjihbVWPwhQ3KBDGX1ND
[And here is what started it](
@_date: 2017-11-03 04:35:28
It is $8.33 a month. That minimum wage is monthly, so 8 hours a day, 5 days a week. $8.33 monthly, sorry for not specifying. If it was $8.33 a day i think noone would be starving.
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:46:38
It's really obvious i don't know who they are trying to trick, sometimes i take a peak over at their sub and can't stop rolling my eyes over and over with every title i read about. I wish they would stop their attempts at ruining Bitcoin, i have all of my savings in bitcoin because i live in one of its most focused use cases country, inflation is huge, if you had $100 exactly one month ago right now you would have $26 if you kept them in our currency.
Centralization is a pain, you can't send or receive money to or from other countries, neither with your bank directly or with your credit/debit card, there's also no way to legally and officially obtain/buy USD with our currency, so a black market was born long ago.
You can go through my post history if you want to know more about me but basically what these guys are doing is putting my life at risk, i can't do what you guys do about not putting anything on bitcoin that you can't afford to lose, i have ALL of my money there and i convert a little bit to my currency through localbitcoins whenever i need to purchase anything like food for example. On their first pump and dump when they moved their hashrate and bitcoin dipped down to $5500 i was sweating heavily, i of course was patient and was sure they wouldn't manage anything in the end but i still was nervous as hell. That's all i have in case of an emergency to, like if my mom got sick or some other family member and we needed money for medical expenses. These guys could ruin my life if they accomplished what you are trying to.
I'm from Venezuela, and there are a lot more Venezuelans using bitcoin the way i do, i bet in other countries there are a lot of people this way too, they are putting or life at risk and they basically don't care it's just pure greed.
@_date: 2017-11-02 03:47:09
I just updated on ubuntu from the previous version, for those wondering how to update:
Get the tar.gz at  (Linux), extract, go into the extracted Electrum folder (with the linux terminar), then type the commands at the Getting Started section at:  
    sudo apt-get install python3-pyqt5
    sudo apt-get install python3-setuptools
    python3 setup.py install
@_date: 2017-11-17 19:45:34
Why would you think so?
We don't actually meet locally in person, we use the bank transfer option (online), if you make sure to only sell/buy to and from buyers with 1000+ transactions, who have 100% positive reviews, and who have moved 100BTC+ in ther entire account history it's basically risk free.
@_date: 2017-11-06 13:23:04
Is it that dangerous to post that you hold bitcoin with your real account? I'm in a situation where my money is matter of living or dying if i needed it in case of an emergency, i explained it in another comment below, here 
@_date: 2017-11-02 21:56:30
I have all of my money in bitcoin because i have no other choice, i am from Venezuela and we have limited options, not possible to use bank accounts as they only work with national currency and we can't send or receive money from other countries. Holding in our national currency is really risky too as inflation eats your money, just on october 1USD went from 20'000 to 42'000VEF.
Then you have paypal and related processors that can freeze your funds for ever as we wouldn't be able to withdraw them afterwards since they only let us attach US bank accounts which of course we do not have unless we travel to the US.
So yeah, a lot of people, those who can save and those who sell their cars and other assets are saving in bitcoin, it is really easy through localbitcoins and we just lose about 10% in exchange comissions (compared to exchanging paypal dollar - VEF which takes over 20%)
I am a freelancer web developer and i got all of my money in bitcoin, usually i'll charge on amazon giftcards or paypal and then exchange that to bitcoin though, since a lot of clients have no idea how to purchase bitcoin and they won't do it no matter how hard i try to get them to...
Of course, Venezuelans using bitcoin is a really small part of the population as minimum monthly wage is about 350'000VEF (about $8.33, this is monthly, so 5 days a week, 8 hours a day work, for $8.33 monthly...), so yeah most can barely eat, much less learn about bitcoin, sadly...
**Edit:** as requested in the comments here's my bitcoin address 3P5xuFBSJudV7PVjihbVWPwhQ3KBDGX1ND
Also, i am feeding the starving with all the donations i receive, [the story on how it started is here, and proof too](
I created a website as a recommendation by another user, here it is 
@_date: 2017-11-06 14:08:48
How do we feed chicken though? They still have to eat and their food is quite expensive, not long ago we were going through a huge crisis where eggs couldn't be found because their price was being regulated and people with chicken farms had to watch in horror how their chickens died of starvation because they couldn't afford to operate with those new prices.
That was back in 2015/2016.
Here's is a video you can watch,  woman talks in spanish but you can watch the footage. 
@_date: 2017-11-06 20:48:36
Thanks, waiting is absolutely not a problem!
What you sent is enough for 38 meals, thank you, your name will also be on the lids of the next batch of pictures!
We delivered 19 meals at lunch time today, will probably be around the same number at dinner time so you paid for all the people that we were able to help today basically =) or well, you'll pay for another day and someone else paid for today, as there are more awesome people helping, however you eant to see it. =) Will pm you the next batch of pics!
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:53:31
I rather you donate to  it's me behind it.
@_date: 2017-11-06 20:19:03
The donations address is this one 3P5xuFBSJudV7PVjihbVWPwhQ3KBDGX1ND
You can find out more reading the linked comment on the main thread, or reading through my reddit profile, or reading through here  as well, it is a quick website i setup as a recommendation from someone. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 23:40:42
Those are the rates set by the government, they haven't changed in years, absolutely noone has access to dollars at that price, even business have to participate in auctions like ways to purchase dollars from the government, that ended a few months ago though, and very few business actually benefited from those auctions as the price on them was at about 80% the price of the black market but not many business were allowed to get into them. The black market rate is calculated by several different factors, like volume of trade at the border, inflation, whether the government is providing dollars to business or not(they aren't), and a few more factors, you can read more about it here  right now it is at 73218.75VEF per 1USD, that's about $5 for our minimum monthly wage.
Minimum wage is 350'000VEF, if it was 10VEF per $1  our monthly wage would be $35'000
Basically the government is not providing  dollars to citizens or business, everything here is completely closed and centralized for us, and they are not being open either about how our economy is doing, about the exact inflation percentage (it has to be calculated by external organizations), about how many people die to crime each year (it's over 30k a year now), and a lot more!
@_date: 2017-11-22 10:57:53
Ah? There is plenty of food it is just unafortable. Bolivar is going down incredibly fast because of our huge debt, because we keep printing money that we cant back, because our government hasn't suppled dollars to anyone anymore and when they were the exchange rate they offered almost matched that of the black market... Because there is a huge demand for dollars that noone ismatching...
@_date: 2017-11-03 04:41:13
yes i am, i edited the comment you're replying to.
@_date: 2017-11-28 22:13:46
The government is constantly rejecting international efforts to bring medicine, food, or any kind of aid at all and also shutting down and  calling traitors those that talk down on them, they also released a new law not too long ago about regulating what is being said on social media and a few people have already gone to jail for insulting government officials and their tweets/facebook posts trended because of too many shares and so the government noticed them.
I reporter was kidnapped not more than a few weeks ago and was missing, he was released at a remote location and was beaten up and he said himself that he was only released alive because there was a lot of pressure and awareness about the fact from international sources. That specific reporter had teamed up with some international journalists to do a report on government officials.
So yeah if i did that i'd risk my life and to be honest i don't want to. My family is the most important thing in the world for me, and while i'm helping my fellow country men while i am here and can help them in about a year when i finish getting all the documents i need for me, my mom and my girlfriend to leave we will and i won't be able to help here anymore...  My family counts on me, if something happened to me they would starve, my mom has crazy skills for cooking and pastry, she used to be able to make tons of money with her work, if she worked now she wouldn't even be able to eat more than once a day or even eat proper food because if she bought the ingredients she needs at market current prices she would need to sell her products at prices noone can afford to buy... If something happened to me they would... Well.
I hope you can understand me.
@_date: 2017-11-26 01:42:05
They do here because of offer and demand, crime rate is huge, country is going down a never ending hole, economy gets worse and worse each day, noone is coming in the country, everyone is looking to leave, not many want to buy a house, thus those selling houses sort to lowering their value, same happens with cars and most things in this country. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 19:36:46
Why are these people even trying to destroy bitcoin? They won't be able to do it, all they are doing is temporarily slowing it's growth. If we all came together and embraced it who knows where would we be at right now? $20k? $30k?
I'm in Venezuela and i am so happy that bitcoin exists, without it i would probably have lost all my hair by now due to stress... 
Just these past 30 days our currency VEF has gone from 22'000 per 1USD to 84'000 per 1USD. Our minimum monthly wage a month ago was 350'000VEF, now just a few days ago it was increased to 450'000VEF further ruining the economy... So 1 month ago minimum monthly wage was 350000/22000 = $15, now it is 450000/84000 = $5.3, that is a whole month worth, 5 days a week 8 hours a day...
Now i'm a web developer so i earn quite a lot more than that minimum wage, not because i am a web developer because web developers that work here in the country earn more or less that same amount, but i earn a lot more because i work online for clients in other countries, and i charge according to international markets, but because this country is so centralized and you can not send nor receive money to other countries, neither with your bank account or credit/debit cards, because of that reason i can't receive payments from clients in other countries, my options and what i used to use were payment processors such a paypal which i could only use to receive/send to other paypal accounts, i could not withdraw because its only option is to add US bank accounts which i do not have since i live in Venezuela... If paypal froze my funds which they did often and kept doing to re-verify me for security reasons, but if they ever decided to froze my account for ever i wouldn't be able to see my money anymore, now they did freeze my account because one of my friends once opened his paypal account on my network, and paypal linked both accounts and thought it was just one person using both accounts... So i had to kiss goodbye the money on my account at the moment, keep in mind that i had most of my money in there, i didn't have many options to keep my money safe from inflation...
I had to deal with using payment processors, or awkwardly asking clients to pay me in amazon giftcards, and by the way whenever i wanted to spend money on food or anything i had to pay an exchanger about 20% in fees for him to convert my paypal/payza/amazon giftcards to my currency.
Now with bitcoin it is totally different, i can use localbitcoins to sell and the exchange fee is just about 4%, so i have most of my money when i convert it, i also keep total control over my money because i have my private keys so no third entity could fuck me over just because they wanted to. If i wanted to travel to another country i wouldn't have to worry about moving my money, or opening paypal/payza/etc in an ip from another country, i would just need to restore my private keys wherever i am at and i immediately have access to my money again! Bitcoin is a gift! Why don't just keep together as a community and cheer it?
A lot more people here are using bitcoin too, at least those who can't afford to, which are a small percentage of the population as most are tied to minimum wage... And they can barely stay alive with those wages, they can barely keep their families alive, right now the price of meat has gone up to 105'000VEF per 1kg, which means with a months worth of work you can only buy about 4kgs of meat, so most people just eat once a day, some rice, and only eat meat once every few weeks... People are really depressed and dying for stupid reasons, like Diphtheria for which vaccines exists for since years, it's really sad, you see old people crying because not even 20 years ago when minimum wage was about $600 a month they could afford anything they wanted, now they can't even eat. A lot of people are in the streets asking for help and for food, a lot of kids approach you and tell you that their sisters or mom is sick at home and that they dont have anything to eat and so they ask you if you can help them, it is really heart breaking...
20 years ago we were also sort of free financially, we were able to transact with the world, then they closed the doors for us. This is why i love bitcoin...
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:28:53
Read the main comment!
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:09:59
hm, i don't have any links not sure if there's info on the internet about it, i have friends who go to colombia sometimes and see that people do that. Not only people close to me but everyone who has been to the border knows about it. I think it sucks that people are doing that, it's like we are screwing ourselves even more that way. Bills have disappeared for that reason.
@_date: 2017-11-03 03:26:49
A lot of miners are being jailed when they are found out, they are mostly found out because they are drawing way too much power, either that or the wrong person heard them talk about how they are mining.
Usually the corrupt cops who jail them steal their machines and their coins too. I'd say it is a lot safer to just keep quiet about it and be discreet and only talk to your closest friends about it (It is harder to hide that you are mining since your power consumption could give suspicions). Otherwise you risk getting kidnapped by some thugs that googled what bitcoin is and found out each is worth $7000 then think that you have thousands of bitcoins and will even kill you to get them.
Miners are being charged with money laundering.
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:24:06
These people are just unbelievable, they don't care if what they are doing will ruin a bunch of peoples lives, there are quite a lot of people that follow the don't invest what you can't afford to lose motto, but there are also quite a lot of other people that can't really do anything else but put all their money into bitcoin. Like people in centralized third world countries like mine where people can't use bank accounts or credit/debit cards to receive or send payments outside the country. We're tied either to our currency or assets we put our money into.
Our currency on the other hand is pretty screwed, our economy is so bad that at the start of last month, 1USD was worth 22'000VEF, and now 1USD is worth 73218,75VEF. Suddenly those $3000 you had saved are now worth $950, of course, nobody can save that much because minimum monthly wage is about $4.7 right now, so a lot of hard working people are starving, our money is worth less and less as time passes, 15 years ago minimum wage was about $600 and people could afford whatever they wanted with whatever job they had... Now you can't afford to buy 5kgs of meat with one months worth of works salary, meat is a luxury for a lot of people and they only eat it a few times every few days, and people eat 1 or 2 times a day.
Those who have money have because they either work online for international clients who pay them in usd, or because they were big in the time of great economy Venezuela, and they still have a lot of assets, but even when you have money it's like you don't, technology is old here and if you want to buy something you have to get it through amazon and use a freight forwarder, if you are sick and need medicine most of the time you are going to have to get it from other country as well. Lots of sick people are dying because they can't afford their medicine or treatment, or because there is no equipment for their treatment, like chemo for cancer is non existent...
So to my point, if you want to save you can't use our currency (VEF), if you used gold you could be targeted by bad people that could rob your house and kill you for it, if you bought cars to sell them later you would be also robbed and maybe even killed for them, and so on... If you used payment processors like paypal, payza and the like they could freeze your funds whenever they felt like it, and because of our centralized economy we can't attach our countries banks account to withdraw, only receive and send to other accounts, so if our accounts got frozen it is basically bye bye to that money.
With bitcoin however everything changes, we can buy it easily at localbitcoins.com, and sell them too, we have total control over our money and what we do with it, we can keep it a secret and be safe from bad people, and we have to keep it a secret, if the goverment finds out they could jail us under money laundering laws and rob our money, like what happened to a friend of mine, who they found out was mining doing to a spike in power consumption,  he was set free after paying a huge amount to corrupt cops and a few weeks later received a notification that his equipment was back up mining and generating money... (they didn't even reconfigure it again for a while...)
So yeah, these Segwit2x people are putting our lives at risk, i sell my bitcoin as i need it, if i suddenly became sick and the only way for me to live was to pay a huge amount on a health bill, and these fuckers screwed bitcoins price and it dropped a lot, i would probably die by not being able to afford this bill anymore.
The people with crypto are a small number though, as i said minimum monthly wage is $4.7 and people are starving, so they don't really have time to learn about what bitcoin is =(, whenever you go out you find people asking for help, crying because they are hungry, asking for food... Old people are specially affected since in their younger years they could afford a house, cars, vacations, to feed their families with just one job, and now they can't even afford to feed themselves properly... It is really tough.
I have been helping for a while now feeding those in a extremely bad situation everyday but what i'm doing is really, really tiny and minimal...
@_date: 2017-11-06 13:46:44
I put the answer on the main comment. 
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:54:37
I keep a certain amount at localbitcoins at all times to sell as i need. The rest is on my electrum wallet, whenever i need to send money i use custom fees and try to never spend over $1 in fees, so far it has worked great and it never takes more than 12 hours to move my bitcoins from my electrum wallet to my localbitcoins wallet. I used to rely on paypal and paid huge fees all of the time, plus had the risk of having my account frozen, which i did, as well as my payoneer account... 
And here you can see a graph of how our currency fluctuates compared to the dollar  went from 1000VEF per 1USD over a year ago to 73218VEF per 1USD today.
Edit: To clarify, i am a web developer that works for clients in the United States theough the internet, i am a freelancer, so i earn way above what my fellow country men are earning, thats why i am able to help a bit. But the people that are in a situation like mine are probably below 0.001% =(
@_date: 2017-11-16 20:55:57
Damm, too bad i was too busy to check reddit this morning, in my current awful situation $10k would go so far, far away... Not specifically for me though, but I'm happy that you got the help you needed and also happy for the guy who got the $10k though.
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:00:33
Do you mean placing my savings into gold and silver? Crime rate here is through the roof, buying gold and silver would make me quite an easy target.
@_date: 2017-11-22 21:01:23
Only local bitcoins with a trusted seller that has over 1k transactions and 100% positive feedback plus 250BTC+ total volume history.
@_date: 2017-11-22 21:12:57
We dont meet in real life, we use online bank transfer options. Localbitcoins acts as a escrow too so everything is done pretty securely.
 
And as i said, you just use a buyer that has had his account for over a year, who has over 1000 transactions, who has moved over 250BTC+ total, who has 100% positive feedback... Etc... He's not going to screw his account to rob 0.1 btc, or even 1btc for that matter when he's buying at 0.92 and selling at 0.97 and has tons of transactions each day, and he couldn't rob anyone easily either because of localbitcoins escrow service.
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:47:09
Doubt it, $1 is right now 84'000VEF, you can check the dolar price here 
So 84000/50 = 1680, so 1680 of those bills would be $1, so the stack would be quite larger i think, or maybe there are indeed 1680 bills lol i can't tell.
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:17:02
**Venezuelan here, ask me anything. Also check my profile as i have spoken quite a lot on the situation and what bitcoin does here.**
Edit: 
Replying to and placing it here for more exposure
My bitcoin address 3P5xuFBSJudV7PVjihbVWPwhQ3KBDGX1ND
I have been actively going out and delivering about 50 meals total each day to starving people on the streets, minimum monthly wage is about $4.5 monthly, that is 8 hours a day,  5 days a week for a whole month, so even hard working people have to eat just once a day and only eat meat every few days, right now minimum wage is about 350'000VEF, and 1kg of meat is 75'000, so yeah you can buy 5kgs of meat with your minimum wage, now imagine how it would be to live like that... 40eggs right now cost 80'000VEF
I have explained it quite a lot in other comments, explained what is going on, what people have to do to survive, what i do to help, everything, [you can read more about it here](
Website i made by some other users recommendation 
@_date: 2017-11-17 23:57:55
At blackmarket rate? If you're buying with cash i don't really know, if you can do bank transfers from banks like bank of america, chase, and the like you can sign up at forobeta.com and foro-ptc.com go to the exchanger sections and send a message to someone with high reputation. You'd need a bank account here though. You don't really want vef cash either, currently only bills in circulation are 100VEF bills, if you wanted to exchange $100 worth then it is about 7'500'000VEF or 75000 bills lol, not kidding.
Those forums are quite funky and also you need a bunch of achievements in order to become able to trade, i used them to sell my paypal dollars back when i used that.
The best option is localbitcoins, select Venezuela, VEF currency and look up online offers, but again you need a bank account here to receive the money, the transaction is completely online, just use a trader with 1000+ transactions, 100BTC+ history and 100% positive reviews and 1 year + account age.
With $100 you are king here, you can stay at the best hotels in caracas and do whatever the hell you want for a while. I advice you not to wander around alone though and it is best for you to have a local with you at all times who will guide you and help you! I'd advise you against coming here though if you asked for my opinion on it.
@_date: 2017-11-17 21:46:18
Hi, yes. I'll copy paste the same answer that i gave to someone else:
I made a website by someones recommendations, it is 
bitcoin address 3P5xuFBSJudV7PVjihbVWPwhQ3KBDGX1ND
[And here is what started it](
@_date: 2017-11-06 12:56:27
Hopefully they keep on the rise and they don't go down by a big percentage, although i know about corrections and i know it'll always go up again i say this as a Venezuelans who has all of his savings in Bitcoin because we have no other options to store our money on unless we want to buy a house or a car, which would make our money difficult to access as we would have to go through the process of selling said car or house, or whatever else... 
This is because our banks only operate nationally due to economic regulations we're not allowed to do transactions internationally. So there's no way to legally get dollars to save our money to, and our national currency halved their value last month, if we had $1000 in our national currency, now we have about $450 in that same amount.
A lot of people save in bitcoin, those who can at least, localbitcoins makes it easy as cake and we only lose about 10% in transaction fees (compared to 25% by exchaning to paypal and to national currency back and forward, not to mention payment processors like paypal require us to have US bank accounts if we wanted to withdraw, so if they froze our funds we wouldn't ever access them again).
So yeah, those who can are saving in bitcoin, those who get a big chunk of money are saving in bitcoin, keep in mind that it is a small percentage though as most people here aren't even eating at all well because minimum monthly wage is $8 or 350'000 for 5 days a week 8 hours a day of work, and 1kg of meat is worth 70'000VEF, so about 5kgs of meat is all you can buy in a whole month. Now imagine what people have to go through to get personal hygiene products, to try and get a balanced diet, to get the minimum necessity products, it is impossible for them, lots of people are starving, hungry asking for help and food on the streets, kids and old men and women.
It's saddening, and to think this all happened in such a short amount of time, back in 1996 i remember my month was able to sustain me and my sister, buy ourselves a home, a car, she kept the fridge filled up with food at all times with many different types of food, she could pay for our private school, there would be gifts for us under the tree for christmas or any other date like birthdays, the most amazing thing is that she worked at a bakery and earned minimum wage, going from that to todays $8.3 monthly which doesn't even allow you to feed yourself alone =(
I'm lucky because i am a freelancer and i work for people online, but it is heart breaking to take a look out of the window, go out and see the reality people have to go through here.
So yeah, i use bitcoin to store all of my money, as well as to sell whatever i need for food and other things through localbitcoins, as long as it keeps a stable price or goes up i'm good, if it corrects and goes low for a long time before going up again then it would affect me quite badly.
I'm have also been saving for a huge time to take what's left of my family out of here(wife and mom...), hopefully next year back to where my mom was born, Portugal.
And i'm also helping people on the streets while i'm here, providing them with some clothing and meals every day, it is incredible to get to know these people, they are just regular decent hard working people who are going through such a shitty life that they do not at all deserve...
As a response to It's the same on the website, here is my bitcoin address 3P5xuFBSJudV7PVjihbVWPwhQ3KBDGX1ND 
I used to just give food to those that came to me while i was outside, for some time now i've started to go out and provide meals to the hungry people on streets, and some clothing/sheets more recently as well thanks to this community! You people are awesome.
[Here you can read more or less what's been going on in full](
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:01:09
Hey! Well both are my addresses, the one i shared now is a new wallet i created for donations, previously i was receiving them on my personal wallets so i had to keep track of what was donation and what were payments from clients. A lot easier now with a donation only wallet.
Saves trouble and people can keep track of how much has been donated/whats been done with the donations.
Thank you for being kind. Another user also donated, so tonight/tomorrow ill publish the pictures ill take today/tomorrow as evidence and where your usernames will be written on the lids!
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:15:31
Hey, i'm the one being tagged here, just wanted to let you know that your first idea would not work here, specially since the problem is not unemployment but the what an horrible position the economy is in right now over here. Minimum monthly wage being $8.33 or 350'000VEF, and 1kg of meat being 70'000VEF, or 40 eggs being 40'000VEF...
You can maybe open a freelancing business, take work from clients on countries like USA and Canada that pay very well, that's my area of work, i'm a web developer, however i wouldn't be able to employ everyone as each person has their own specific fields. In the US a minimum wage can let you buy a car, rent a small apartment/room and sustain yourself? Not sure since i don't live there, but with a minimum wage here you can maybe eat 1 or 2 times a day, and eat meat every other day.
And i agree, donations don't really solve the problem, i can't really do anything to solve the real problem here, i can only do my part by feeding the starving, giving clothing, pillows, sheets mattresses or medicine, and that's it, if something happens to me or i run out of money these poor people go back to the state they previously were. I have talked to a lot of these people, had conversations with them, most are hard working people who can't really do anything to help themselves because they are either too old, kids, or just can't sustain themselves with a job.
I earn decently and my dad died last december due to a mix of mal practice and because we couldn't find a medicine even though i had the money to buy it, medicine so normal that you could find anywhere a few years ago.
It is both heart breaking and fucked up what people have to go through, i would be going through that as well if i hadn't been lucky enough to be a web developer and be able to find work outside the country online.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:11:20
Hey there! 
Here is the album 
I'm sorry some lids did have your name i just seem not to have taken any pics from any of the lids that had them! Read the description, will see if i can get some pics from the lids that have your name later today when we do this again.
@_date: 2017-11-17 18:32:28
Edited the main comment with an answer for you.
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:00:38
Hey! Well both are my addresses, the one i shared now is a new wallet i created for donations, previously i was receiving them on my personal wallets so i had to keep track of what was donation and what were payments from clients. A lot easier now with a donation only wallet.
Saves trouble and people can keep track of how much has been donated/whats been done with the donations.
Thank you for being kind. Another user also donated, so tonight/tomorrow ill publish the pictures ill take today/tomorrow as evidence and where your usernames will be written on the lids!
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:06:02
I may not be the best guy to give you that opinion, i'll explain why:
I have been working online freelancing for about 3 years now, just started using bitcoin about a year ago, before using bitcoin i had to use processors like paypal, payza, payoneer, giftcards, etc.. And here is the breakdown of the fees i used to pay for those:
Paypal: Client would pay me $100, i'd receive $94. Since i can't spend in dollars i had to convert to my currency and the only option was doing so through an exchanger, exchanger would give me about 85% of face value, so those $94 would become 94*85/100 = $79.9. That's right, for those $100 i'd only receive $79.9 in the end.
Giftcards: I had to charge in amazon giftcards sometimes, no fees, but exchanger paid even less, about 80% of total value, so a $100 amazon giftcard would end up being $80 that i actually can spend in my currency.
Same thing for other processors like payza, payoneer, etc...
Now here's the thing with bitcoin:
Bitcoin: Client pays me in bitcoin, pays a low fee as i don't mind wait, i keep them, i sell them at localbitcoins if i need to spend money in food or other necessities, localbitcoins right now pays $7438.87 in my currency that i can spend per bitcoin, bitcoin right now is at $8086.57, that means it is paid at 92%. I end up with almost all of my money, plus i don't run the risk of getting my money frozen like i used to with payment processors... So yeah the fees are a non issue for me, i always set the fee so i don't pay more than 80 cents too even if it'll take a while for the transaction to confirm.
So yeah that's my perspective, maybe someother Venezuelan would have a different one.
@_date: 2017-11-26 01:45:28
Oh, not USA, i live in Venezuela. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 12:39:05
Hi, it is indeed, electrum 3.0 can handle them. From anywhere else standard version would have to be used at the moment to send to that address. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:43:20
Hi and thank you!
My address is 3P5xuFBSJudV7PVjihbVWPwhQ3KBDGX1ND
I made a website back then although i haven't updated it in a couple of weeks, you can read all about it on the website.  You can also read more about what i am doing at [this comment]( 
Website is 
Basically i'm helping the hungry, which are basically the medium working class right now =(, i started helping with just food and i mostly do that still but i also help with medicine and basic necessities for the homeless like toilet paper, soap, pillows and sheets. Also donating food from time to time to some churches that feed those in need as well.
I myself deliver about 50 cooked meals a daily. 25 at lunch time and 25 at dinner time, sometimes a little less or a little more.
Thank you again for your interest! 
@_date: 2017-11-26 01:24:11
I know this is a joke and all of you obviously know what goes in the background of making the bitcoin price fluctuate. I really believe that what will bitcoin go far, far away is more forced adoption like what happens in my country. 
The huge inflation and centralization makes you desperate and stressed because your savings basically disappear in front of your eyes. As an example, last month 1USD was 22'000VEF, right now 1USD is worth 82'151VEF, which means if you had the equivalent of $100 last month in your bank, now you have $26.7. Crazy.
Centralization has taken us to an age where we can't send or receive funds internationally, neither through bank transfers or credit/debit card transactions, there's no way for us to legally acquire international money because our government shut that possibility down years ago and of course no other country will take our currency if we brought cash with us outside the country, not that it is possible as there's a huge cash shortage too, cash has disappeared because it's being illegally sold for more than 3x it's VEF value in the border with Colombia, i'm not sure what they do with it over there, i'm guessing they use the bills, wipe their ink and print fake dollars or something, the paper from the bills is way more expensive than what the currency is worth, funny to see it that way...
So anyway, our only way to properly save money is to either purchase valuable things like houses or cars, which of course lose value over time too due to our inflation but doesn't lose value as fast as our currency as those are sort of more matched up against the dollar than our currency. Or buying USD in cash in the black market and storing it, which is not a good idea due to our high crime rate. 
Another option is using paypal, payza, payoneer or the like which have their risk as well, in the USA when you use paypal, you can withdraw and deposit with your bank account, or deposit with your card... But in here you can only receive money on your paypal from other paypal accounts, and send money to other paypal accounts, but you can't link Venezuelan cards, nor bank accounts because of what i explained above. So you can't withdraw your money. And if your accounts gets frozen you lose it forever no matter how much money there is.
Then comes bitcoin, history has shown it is completely deflationary and decentralized, i don't have to go into the details as you all know them, but we as Venezuelans also have the option to purchase bitcoins through localbitcoins with our currency through bank transfers in a really safe and secure way by using traders with thousands of transactions, and 100% positive feedback. I'm a web developer myself and i work online for clients in other countries, in the past i had to deal with all types of shit from payment processors, as well as being scared for my funds, i got my personal account frozen because my best friend opened his account on my house one day, and our accounts got linked together, then they thought we were the same person using different IDs for different accounts, we called, we emailed, we messaged, we did everything we could but there was no way to change their minds and their "this decision is final" replies.
I used payoneer but they closed my account too as they do not allow tobacco, and i billed through them for a website i made for a client that sells tobacco. You guys agree that's bullshit right? I just developed the site and charged for the development, no tobacco in that transaction.
Anyway, before you ask, i used exchangers to convert paypal/payoneer/whatever to my currency that i can actually spend here, said exchangers would take a cut of about 20% of my money, if i tried to exchange $100, i would only get $80 equivalent in my currency. With bitcoin i can sell in localbitcoins right now for just -5% exchanging fee!
People also always ask about how mining fees affect me, before you do i'll go ahead and answer, they don't, i never pay more than 0.80 cents total per transaction, it's a lot lower of a fee than what i used to pay on payment processors, not only that but my money won't get frozen for bullshit, i'm not stressed out all day thinking that i may lose it due to some guy just feeling like clicking block on my account.
Anyway, in a country such like this, those that can are forced to move their money to Bitcoin, i think as more time goes by and more people can afford to get into it (Not many can here sadly, minimum monthly wage is $4.5 a month right now, people are sadly barely eating once a day with that so no way of saving...)
I'll stop here as i have already written quite a lot. Anyway, just wanted to share some knowledge!
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:49:54
Thank you so much! I wouldnt be doing this if it werent for people like you, previously i could only afford to help those that came to me when i was outside, now i am able to actually seek them and help them, what you gave me is about 292 meals, or being able to feed almost 5 persons for a whole month 2 times a day as we have been doing, or giving a wheelchair to an old man who asked us if we could get him one as his own is old and broken plus 142 meals for other people...
Though giving a new wheelchair to a homeless man is a risk to their safety as bad people could wait for him to be alone and then push him out of it and steal it.
I'll put share pictures with your username on it. Thank you!
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:40:29
Yeah, i have a couple of friends mining and it is really profitable, one of them has 28 video cards, the other one has 8, the one with 8 cards told me a few months ago he was making $50 a day and the gains lasted for 2 weeks, not sure what he was mining though i believe it was either dash, ethereum or zcash. Anyway a lot of their friends they commented this to sold their cars or other things to purchase video cards and get into mining too. 
We in our group were always sort of entrepreneurs and had a few internet business a few years back, we didn't want to work here as at that point salaries were $30 monthly and we knew that working online we would make at least $100 per month each, anyway we were successful  before moving on with personal projects, so we could afford to invest... I continued with my career and that's what i'm doing. It's kept a secret and only told to the closest friends that they are mining because the government is constantly jailing anyone they find mining under money laundering laws bullshit, one acquaintance went to jail for that, had to pay a huge amount to corrupt cops to release him, they took all of his cards, then a few weeks afterward he received a notification on his mining app that his cards were mining again, which means they turned the setup on but didn't reconfigure anything, either they did that themselves or they sold his cards... I don't mine for that reason, too risky and i at least am well enough working as a web developer. They don't have any other options at this point.
And yeah we use freight forwarders that receive our packages bought online and bring them to us here.
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:51:59
I am hoping these criminals arent smart enough to find me here. But yeah it is a risk nonetheless.
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:33:37
This country is economically closed, we cant receive money from other countries or send from our bank accounts, same thing with our credit/debit cards they dont work internationally.
We cant purchase dollars from the government, we can only get them on the black market.
We use bitcoin to put our money as our currency is really volatile, for  example last month 1USD was 22000VEF now 1USD is 81000VEF. So our currency is worth almost 4 times less.
 If i had $10 back then in our currency i now would have $2.5.
We cant use things like paypal and the like as they often freeze our accounts, and they only allow us to use USA bank accounts to withdraw which of course we couldny have unless we went to the US. So if they froze our funds we wouldnt be able to get then ever again.
So those who can put all that they have in bitcoin, not many csn though as minimum monthly wage is about $5 now, that is $5 a month. But me for example i am a freelance web developer and i work online for american clients, so i can actually sustain my family and we dont go through hunger.
There are quite a lot of friends mining, they sold their cars and other things and bought video cards over a year ago. However if you are caught doing it you go to jail under money laundering laws.
Crime rate is huge, if bad people found out you have dollars in your phone they would kill you to get them, also merchants would probably go to jail to for selling in btc/usd or theyd get jailed under bullshit money laundering laws. So it is not being used that way. Maybe behind closed doors to buy cars or houses.
Else it is just storing bitcoin, selling at local bitcoins as needed for food and other things...
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:40:55
Oh please don't worry about that at all, you have only great intentions doing that.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:08:55
Hey! Here are the pictures we took today! 
Read the description, we had your name on the lids but it seems that we didn't take any pictures of the people we gave those to, i'm sorry, we are unable to take pictures to everyone, read the description on the album!
Actually i did get to take one of the ones with your name, it is this one  not sure if you can actually see it, it got wiped out...
@_date: 2017-11-17 21:50:45
Thank you so much for being kind, that's actually about 180 meals. Since i'm delivering about 45 more or less meals everyday that would be enough to feed 25 people, 2 times a day, for 4 days. Or 3 people two times a day for a whole month. Or a used wheelchair for someone in need of it, will probably be used fully in food though. Thank you so much and let me know if you need anything! Like pictures, though do know it is quite uncomfortable to ask these people to let us take pictures because it makes them feel awkward and bad, and i even feel like i'm disrespecting them when i have to do it, but i believe it is needed!
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:00:23
Hey! Well both are my addresses, the one i shared now is a new wallet i created for donations, previously i was receiving them on my personal wallets so i had to keep track of what was donation and what were payments from clients. A lot easier now with a donation only wallet.
Saves trouble and people can keep track of how much has been donated/whats been done with the donations.
Thank you for being kind. Another user also donated, so tonight/tomorrow ill publish the pictures ill take today/tomorrow as evidence and where your usernames will be written on the lids!
@_date: 2017-10-29 18:24:28
Please take care of bitcoin, in my country we use it to store our life savings(basically whatever money we earn) as we have no other options, we also trade bitcoin back to our national currency as needed to purchase food and other important things, small bitcoin price fluctuations doesn't impact us as hard as our national currency is way more volatile (it devaluated 5x in one month vs USD. --Less than one month ago 1USD was 20000VEF, now 1USD is 42000VEF) but still... =)
@_date: 2017-10-25 09:25:16
Manipulating how? If you understand economics and see the amount of money the country has received in the last 20 years, and try to find where the heck most of it has gone to you'll find out there's food shortage because government are unable to give dollars to businessmen so they can import food.
People here know more than you, maybe those that sit all day watching TV and are dumb won't. I assure you people at will clear your doubts if you keep an open mind.
I can't go more throughout on this as It is 5 am and j am on my phone trying to sleep. Otherwise I would gladly counter anything that you try to use against me.
You really do need to be here to understand what's going on, you put yourself out of the discussion when you mentioned Abby Martin, I have gone to different places in the country, easy to find good places in the capital and just report those North Korea style.
I am not sheep watching the TV buying propaganda. I go out, I look, I think, I read a lot from different sources, read history, I travel through the country.
@_date: 2017-10-23 19:22:16
Thank you so much! Signed up, had to use a virtual us number i have from an app to verify as i didn't receive the sms with the code on my actual venezuelan number no matter how many times i tried, but i managed to get in, sent my documents already. They said it could take up to 7 days for me to hear back, hopefully it'll work! Thanks!
@_date: 2017-10-29 18:40:54
yup. Signed up 3 months ago, still waiting for them to approve me or at least reply with anything, so yeah i discarded them...
@_date: 2017-10-23 22:42:55
I see, interesting, sometime ago i thought of doing something like that to save street dogs, this was two years ago when people could still afford to eat semi well but there was a huge issue with homeless dogs being killed on the streets, i started to set up a plan with a few friends but when it came to donations we gave up as it was really hard and risky (since if we used paypal and our account was frozen we wouldn't be able to take funds out of it as paypal here only allows us bank accounts to be attached...)
I'm thinking of a way to feed the hungry, give a place to sleep to those that are homeless, giving them access to soap and clean water, proper education, i can think of a lot of things that could be done but i'd would require huge planning, and i'm afraid i or other colleges would definitely be target and maybe kidnapped by thugs if they find too much about us because they don't know anything about bitcoin and when they see 1 is worth $6000, they would think we have millions of coins and hence they'll think we are rich.
I have no problem doing it a small scale i guess, distributing food, finding out where these people live and go distribute food to them daily, record myself doing it.
Go through the streets in a car finding homeless and giving them meals.
It's requires quite a lot of planning though, right now i'm able to go out anywhere i usually go to and i know there would be people that will be really happy and relief that i was able to help them, i can count at least 30 people/
Doing it on a large scale however, hmm.
@_date: 2017-10-23 21:21:52
Like a video of me distributing food to those that need it? To be quite frank i always hated people that record themselves doing that, and people do that here quite often. Though from your point of view it is just to prove it is going towards what it should be going to, i guess it is a good idea.
@_date: 2017-10-25 04:09:31
@_date: 2017-10-23 14:39:51
We have no other ways to purchase bitcoins with somewhat decent fee and safety levels than local bitcoins, and giving that you can't buy crypto currency there then the number of people who use alts is low compared to the number of people who use Bitcoin.
The reason is it is really hard to do trades outside of local bitcoins, you would be trading with someone you don't know or trust, and paying a premium fee (15%+)
@_date: 2017-10-25 08:00:36
Sure man you know better than me, the actual Venezuelan who's been here watching the whole time, and who's dad by the way used to be in Politics until 10 years ago.
Chavez was just a murderer, stinky corrupt piece of shit as well who got to power by playing with the weak minded which sadly are the majority of the country voting population who kept buying his lies.
He goes into blast lies such as that we were unable to eat properly in the 70s, 80s, and 90s, yet mom my my family were always able to sustain me and their kids with a minimum wage, buy a house, cars, and whatever the heck we wanted. All of my family had regular minimum wage jobs.
Stop thinking you know better than us that lived it only because someone did a video with lyrics and a few touching songs on it. It boils my blood.
@_date: 2017-10-27 04:14:13
I wish i had paid more attention back in the day, would be able to purchase a house for my family wherever i wanted and move them there, but i was just a kid interested in playing those days. I only imagine there are millions of people with this same thought.
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:15:32
I remember back in 2010 i used to go to a cyber coffee nearly everyday, it was a small place with about 8 computers, it only had like 10 clients but went everyday so we created bounds with each other, we used to have fun playing games at times and at other times talk about interesting stuff we read online.
I remember the owner the place who was a tech savvy person once told us about a very interesting idea he had read about, bitcoin, we spend a few minutes talking about it that day, how we found it interesting, we never touched the topic again and i forgot about it too.
Then when it was at $200 a friend of mine talked to me about it, and how he was using faucets to get a little every day, i thought it was awesome, but i didn't get in at that point either, mainly because i was unable to.
Then i this country started to get worse, my solution was to become a freelancer and work for people on other countries so that i could sustain my family, started to use paypal, payza, payoneer, all that, then paypal froze my account for 6 months because i had sent money to my neighbor and they thought me and him were the same person, froze both of us. Then payoneer did as well froze my account because i had taken a payoneer for the development of an e-cigs website and they don't allow tobacco transactions, even though i just made the website and that's it, no tobacco involved but oh well...
Then while looking for a proper way to save my money which of course wouldn't be an online payment processor like paypal because the risk was too high i found bitcoin, and localbitcoins, since then i can feel relaxed because i know my money won't be arbitrarily held without concern or worry to what problems such things could cause me (being that it is the 100% of my money that is being saved there and if i fell ill, or my mom, or well anything came up that urgently made me need to make us of my money...)
@_date: 2017-10-28 15:03:05
This is the reason me and my country men are using it more and more, our country is in a fucked up situation, we can't access dollars directly we need to use third parties to convert our national currency to dollars in places like paypal or payza, but those places have fucked more than one of us, they closed my account and i don't even know why and i will never see that money again as it only allows me to attach an US bank account after 6 months, but unless i go to the US and open one it is impossible for me to do that.
I'm a freelancer, i used to charge my international clients on paypal, after that i started to use payoneer then they closed my account as well for a contract that was on an ecommerce website for e-cigs, they told me they do not accept transactions that are for tobacco as that is a banned item, such bullshit, i was just charging to build the website! Not buying any tobacco or related items! They removed my billing service, global payment service, and C2C (possibility to send from payoneer account to payoneer account), and only allowed me to withdraw what i already had through their card.
So now i have to do magic for clients that do not want to pay me in bitcoin as they are unsure on whether buying it or not as they haven't ever, i have tried to convince them, tell them how easy it is, offer them a discount, but they do not agree, some clients that already use bitcoin have no trouble using bitcoin, others i have to charge in things like amazon giftcards then trade those for bitcoins, it's a nightmare! And all of that nightmare is due to our countries centralization.
Before if i needed to convert things like payoneer or paypal to my national currency to buy food or anything important i would have to take a -20% in exchange fees. If i had $100, i would only get the $80 equivalent in national, with giftcards to my national currency it is even worse at -75%, now with bitcoin i can sell at localbitcoins at -5% to -10% and for those that earn in national currency and want to buy in they do so easily thanks to localbitcoins, and no risk of their life savings disappearing just because paypal or others decided to close their account. =) 
@_date: 2017-10-23 06:45:26


Already tried, when signing up Venezuela is not on the dropdown list of countries. I'm dammed.
@_date: 2017-10-30 16:34:52
People go ask at if you have any doubts about our current situation, there are a lot of people there who can understand and write english well, people that are still living in the country, actual venezuelans that will tell you what the situation is.
Don't listen to this guy, i'm not even going to lose my time replying to him.
Of course the government is responsible, due to heavy controls the only way for business to bring what they need to either produce their goods or import goods directly (since government basically wiped national production) is to buy dollars to the government, however it is been long since government stopped providing those, so how the hell are we supposed to import food? Do we make it appear magically from the air?
Just look up how much money the government got from oil on their 18 something years in power and where all that money went, most of it disappeared in the air. Before the government got into power my mom worked minimum wage at a bakery, she was able to pay for mine and my sisters schools, buy us clothes, toys, pay our house, buy a car, she was able to keep the refrigerator filled with food, buy any food she wanted to, not only that but save too. Now if it weren't for the fact that i'm freelancing online we would probably be starving, thank god i learnt english and the skills required to become a web developer and work for people in the united states and canada so i can charge according to their standards... My dad died last december because we couldn't find the medicine that he needed, and i had the money to buy it but we couldn't find the medicine anywhere, medicine that is so basic it is found anywhere in any decent country, and that's what happened to me, the exception who earns decently because i freelance online, everyone else has to deal with earning here, minimum wage, which right now is 350'000VEF monthly and 1kg of meat is about 70'000VEF, so go figure.
Don't just buy what you see on videos, or what you read on the internet, come here and see for yourself. And about that "CLAP" box, i have a friend who lives in a pretty poor neighborhood, people on that neighborhood were told "CLAP" boxes wouldn't be delivered to them anymore because they do not "need" them, he's in one of the poorest neighborhoods around here, if they don't need it there, who does?
Also that CLAP box costed 12'000VEF a few months ago, now it is 23'000VEF, the government keeps saying that the official exchange rate is about 10VEF per 1USD (Of course, noone can get access to dollars that cheap except their corrupt selves... Any normal folk buys at 42'000VEF per USD right now...) But anyway, 23000/10 = $2300, so yeah we are apparently paying $2300 USD per box of food according to our government.
Don't listen to what that guy above is saying, during the last protests over 130 kids were killed by government forces, none was pro government. 
I'm not going to go over the rest of the points because it is tiring to have to deal with these people on the internet, i'm actually living here i know how everything is here, i see for myself. Either that guy has an agenda or has bought into the government propaganda.
Go to and ask real venezuelans, or come here and see for yourself! 
@_date: 2017-10-29 20:07:41
Thank you, it is heartbreaking that i'm only able to help a small percentage of the total that are badly struggling to survive in this country, specially because these are hard working and honest people that are only struggling and starving because our corrupt government ruined our country.
@_date: 2017-10-25 08:23:01
Who is believing the propaganda when you are the one bringing up Abby Martin? A shit head who was probably paid by the government to talk and only show footage of the few good places North Korea style? Dude, I work here, I live here, I lost my dad last December due to a mix of malpractice and the fact we couldn't find the medicine that he needed, medicine you would be able to find in any regular country.
Go to the sub, ask actual Venezuelans they will tell you they same that I am, with facts as well if they have the time. 
You are the one being brainwashed by propaganda. What the fuck, telling me that I am wrong when I am the one living here and the one who has actually witnessed it. My girlfriend's family before I met them, were only eating 1 time a day as they couldn't afford food, and they barely ate meat.
Now they eat well because I have been lucky and I freelance/workonline so I am able to sustain my family and my girlfriend's.
1kg of meat right now is 65000VEF, minimum wage is 350000VEF for comparison.
@_date: 2017-10-28 20:44:36
Hey, here are some of the pics i took today that have your name on the lids (wrote yours and someone elses username), didn't use the full name so people don't find anything if bad people start tracking us or something thinking we have money, to protect ourselves...
The lady in the first picture approached us as she saw that we were giving food, she asked us if we could give her some, the rest we found on the way, we delivered about 12 meals now at lunch time...
@_date: 2017-10-23 15:32:02
It is tough, i'm able to sustain my family because i freelance and work for american clients from time to time. I probably wouldn't be able to eat properly if i had a regular work here, even with my profession. So if i lose my internet or my computer broke and i'm not able to replace it i'm screwed.
I don't know if you have read about it because i have seen it on the news, but when you go out you see a lot of people scavenging on the trash looking for something to eat, people, kids eat from the trash and it is heartbreaking that you can't do more than give them a meal or two.
I really hope we'll get through this one day, but people on the street have no hope of change in the them anymore, they look so resigned, it is really sad.
Thanks! With what you had sent at first i was already able to help a few, you didn't need to send more but thank you very much!
@_date: 2017-10-23 21:24:58
What would you be watching for on the public keys though? That they are not just held in the same place? For example here the charity would sell those coins in localbitcoins and use the money to buy food (or whatever the money is intended to) since there's no way to spend bitcoins in food directly.
@_date: 2017-10-27 05:54:02
@_date: 2017-10-30 02:50:56
Do you mean vortex robotics? Or something else? If you mean vortex robotics i wish! I am actually two weeks away from getting my telecommunications engineering degree and i mainly focused on digital electronics, so would love to be on that project but no, i'm not... i also had to move onto web development to be able to provide for my family via freelancing online. If you mean something else like a website or a forum named vortex then that's not me either!
I will design and develop a website that can both show everyone who we are helping, shows how much is being donated and where the funds are exactly going to, what we are doing with the money, if this was on a bigger scale we surely (me and my friend...) would be able to provide more than just food to these people. However i would have no idea how to bring it to peoples attention. Also if on a bigger scale i would need to bring more people too! People i can trust in which i have.
An important thing to keep in mind however is that it would be a problem to show our identities on the website, as if thugs or thieves found it, saw the money coming in, even if it was just $100 they would probably try to harm us to try and get it, kidnap us, rob us.. And most kidnapping here ends up in the death of the kidnapped person. Just my mom everyday tells me how extremely worry she is left while i go out to do this, that if i went to the same areas everyday, followed the same paths then bad people could start noticing us and believe we have tons of money because we are doing this 2 times everyday and then this bad people would maybe follow us back home and attempt something against us, so yeah we had to take steps to prevent that and go to different places at different times, take different paths, etc...
Gofundme would not work for us as we don't have ways of accessing the money for the reason i stated on another comment, not just that but exchanging paypal(in case it allowed us to withdraw that way) or that type of payment processors to our national currency usually leaves us with a minus 20% that we pay in exchanging fees to convert it to our national currency. Bitcoin however just takes 10% at localbitcoins to exchange to our national currency. 
If we had a bank account in the US we would actually earn more on the exchange as that is the higher trading dollar value: transfers from bank accounts in the US, but that's impossible unless we actually visit the US open one and come back here.
@_date: 2017-10-29 20:43:36
@_date: 2017-10-23 23:59:18
Thanks, i have so far been able to find work that helps me put money towards savings and also sustain my family. So i think using the money i have been given here to help others is only fair.
Thanks a lot again!
@_date: 2017-10-29 01:50:26
Thank you for your kindness, you are awesome!
@_date: 2017-10-23 14:12:04
Hola. Wow, gracias,  bueno, en realidad compro comida con bolvares y ahorro con bitcoin, uso localbitcoins para comprar/vender, hay muchisimas personas minando y ahorrando en bitcoin(quienes pueden...), pero al menos donde vivo no conozco ningn comerciante que acepte bitcoin aunque soy de un pueblo pequeo (Acarigua-Portuguesa).
Localbitcoin es muy fcil de usar y seguro, lo nico malo es que pierdo como el 10% al comprar y luego vender.
Es algo difcil para los comerciantes aceptar bitcoinz ya que si el gobierno los descubre podran ir presos...
@_date: 2017-10-29 21:08:48
Yeah, I'd use about $35-$45 a month per person given that I (well me and my friend) continue giving food 2 times a day (lunch and dinner...), still have plans to also bring food to institutions such as public schools where kids faint because they don't eat well at home and these schools don't feed them either as the state isn't funding these schools anymore for them to serve food, but we are looking into it to see if we could afford a move like that.
bitcoin: 1KDErZjT4RcEf7kAUGzSqfQvJwsvhDGvpw
@_date: 2017-10-29 00:12:38
I didn't see a notification for this comment yesterday, thank you. I posted some pics about today on another comment.
@_date: 2017-10-28 20:45:26
Copying since i already wrote it for someone els0, but your name is also included:
Hey, here are some of the pics i took today that have your name on the lids (wrote yours and someone elses username), didn't use the full name so people don't find anything if bad people start tracking us or something thinking we have money, to protect ourselves...
The lady in the first picture approached us as she saw that we were giving food, she asked us if we could give her some, the rest we found on the way, we delivered about 12 meals now at lunch time...
@_date: 2017-10-30 00:25:07
Thank you for being kind!
Yes i definitely could set up a website that displays all the information on whats being done, and what contributions go towards, with pictures or videos that go with them.
We noticed that a lot of the old people also ask us if we could help them with other things, one man in a wheelchair asked us if it was possible for us to get him a new one because his was old and broken, we can't really afford one for him right now but we also worry that if we did give him one some bad guys could go after him when he is alone, push him out of it and steal it. Others ask us for clean clothes which we can provide from other people donations of clothes that dont use anymore, like i have given all the pieces of clothes and shoes that i dont use, others ask for pillows, mattresses... medicine... 
Maybe we could record interviews as well and add subtitles, these peoples stories are really touching and incredibly sad, i also believe they want to be heard, all of the ones we have spoken with tell us how they used to be hard working, had a house, had everything they wanted but then suddenly they couldn't afford anything and lost what they already had for one reason or the other, be it that they had to sell everything they had to pay for a medical bill, or something like one old man that told us his sons sold his house and everything he had and left him on the streets.
@_date: 2017-10-23 05:45:09
Localbitcoins, it is the easiest and safest way.
@_date: 2017-10-24 22:59:54
'May end up' or **WAS** a great idea? It was a great idea on my opinion, you can see one of the exact purposes it was invented for in my Country where our corrupt government broke the economy and completely restricted our way to financially communicate in an international way. (We can't send or receive money to other countries, our debit and credit cards only work nationally, we went from having one amazing and hugely growing predicted future to having a minimum wage of $10 monthly and people starving - All of this while on a 19 year streak where most of those years the petro dollar was kept at above $100 a barrel and we have the biggest oil reserves in the world)
Paypal, payza, all of those screwed me and held my funds for ever as they only allow us to attach US bank accounts which is not possible for us to have unless we visit the US.
Bitcoin sure feels like real freedom, it makes me feel so easy, i don't have to worry daily that the savings i have towards leaving this hell with my family are not going to be suddenly taken away from me.
@_date: 2017-10-27 23:52:16
Thanks, will keep you updated.
@_date: 2017-10-27 21:13:53
Yep, it is me, if you want I can write your name on the lids of these tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-10-23 05:42:10
Only residents from the following countries may order Named cards: Andorra, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Greenland, Guernsey, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Israel, Italy, Jersey, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Monaco, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, San Marino, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom
Can't even use the virtual card sadly.
@_date: 2017-10-23 14:51:37
Thanks, will help other people with it, i have already explained in other answers what i will do with this.
Can probably buy 120 meals with it...
@_date: 2017-10-23 05:47:14
@_date: 2017-10-23 14:37:02
To be honest I can't think of a way to further help, reducing the fees was already huge for us. Localbitcoins is a blessing, I made the calculations on how many fees we pay a few days ago:
Bitcoin was 6007.92 oficial, buy bitcoins $5618.71505 (traders sell Bitcoin at this price), sell $5920.392
Prices are quite good.
If you want to donate then then that's good help if you donate to a small group of people who use this money to help the poor. I don't know about instructing the poor though, these people are starving, so they wouldn't have the state of mind to understand or retain this information. 
Helping people who are able to eat at least to not starve would be good for that, but with so many people starving I think help is needed on another front.
If there was a foundation or something of the like, and if the wrong people found out that foundation has a location, and that they use bitcoin, being the retard thugs that they are they would look up Bitcoin, see it is worth $6000, think the foundation has dozens and thus has millions of dollars and they would then kidnap or do something really bad to the people in it.
@_date: 2017-10-29 21:49:11
yes, it used to be that i was somewhere outside and people would come to me and beg me for food, and i would give them, or that i would see someone scavenging on the trash and i would go buy that person food, but for a few days now i have been actively going out and giving food to the homeless 2 times each day(it is hard and tricky because for example some people ask you for food but instead of eating it they sell it and buy drugs with the money.. also some kids are taught to ask for food and same thing, parents sell this food and buy drugs, meanwhile their kids are really starving... so i ask kids to eat the food where i can see them eating it, it is a small number of people that do this, but it is hard as the food is limited i need to make sure it is going to those that need it the most and not to people that will do fucked up shit with it)... i have posted proof previously, i don't feel comfortable taking pictures while doing this as i feel i'm disrespecting this people, they also get kinda uncomfortable but almost always say yes to pictures right away, sometimes they tell me they are not dressed properly and things like that meaning they don't want to but don't want to say no to me either, anyway it is kinda painful for me to do that.
Here are some pictures i have taken, some show usernames (from guys that have donated a bit previously) on them for proof that it is me, this 
@_date: 2017-10-25 08:46:12
Ok, I really don't have time to explain like you're 5.
Stop watching propaganda, go ask at where actual Venezuelans will gladly answer your questions, we witnessed it in flesh and blood, stop believing what you see in a video, come here and see for yourself.
Funny people think they know more than people that actuality live in the country, weak and stubborn minds. Boil my blood because I lost friends an family and you come and take it so lightly and say to my face that I don know anything.
@_date: 2017-10-30 17:09:08
People, go ask at or come here and see for yourself what's the reality. =)
@_date: 2017-10-23 05:12:55
I wonder what do you guys need for that to happen? I'm in Venezuela and what made it mainstream here is that our national currency loses value daily and food and products raise their value as well. And well there's no other way to hold dollars securely either, as platforms like paypal can freeze funds whenever they feel like it and fuck us up (even when it is a matter of life or dead for us.) 
Those that earn enough to eat well and save a little are turning their savings to bitcoins immediately through localbitcoins, others that are not so tech iterate are finding other ways... Not that there are many people able to save though when 1kg of meat is worth 60'000VEF and minimum wage is 350'000VEF (Currently $10 - Not kidding...) monthly, hard times.
I have read articles on Venezuelan fellows farming gold in games and selling them even when that earns them cents a day thats better than working for minimum wage. The people that do that would starve if they couldn't play the game, thats how fucked up everything here is.
@_date: 2017-10-27 22:37:48
Oh, not about fame, just to show evidence, it can only do good to these people that I show evidence.
@_date: 2017-10-30 16:57:45
People go ask at if you don't trust them, come here and see for yourself. Don't listen to this guys propaganda, whenever you talk to people on the streets, poor or not, they talk about how frustrated and sad they are with the situation and how the government doesn't even care about them.
Tarek actually came to my city this week, he talked about the next elections, about how they were going to win again (of course they are getting millions of votes when noone is voting for them, they are cheating, there has been proof of vote manipulation these election, electoral places shown to have about 498 electors, and when votes were counted only 150 voted, and not for the government, but the government said 480 people voted for them in that center, also smartmatic, look them up, they also talked about vote manipulation, they are the ones who provide the machines...), anyway Tarek only talked about that but didn't even put a word about whether they were going to resolve our water problems (we are getting running water only 1 to 3 hours each day, some times we go up to 2 days without receiving water and they are not fixing the water supply, this has been going on for about 2 years now...)
He didn't speak about how he was going to fix the economy, or the crime rate, or anything important! Just how they were going to win the next elections and patting himself on the back for the recent ones.
Again, don't listen to guys like the one above please, if you don't want to believe me, then the best option is for you to come here and see for yourself, ask people on the streets yourself =) warning though: Crime rates are really high so make sure to find someone local that will be with you at all times.
@_date: 2017-10-23 23:50:25
Most people that are in such a rough situation also don't have phones or computers.
I really wish i could help more, i'm a web developer too, willing to build anything that would help as well as going out and offer my help in person too. But in a big scale it would need to be well thought out.
@_date: 2017-10-30 00:43:37
I just have a bitcoin address, can't take anything else sadly. Paypal, payoneer, payza, every payment processor of that type is not a good option here as they could freeze our funds and fuck us, because they would held them for some time and then only allow us to withdraw through bank account, and since our country is so restricted they only allow us to attach US bank accounts on our name, which we can not have unless we travel to the US to open one.
@_date: 2017-10-23 14:16:12
WoW, thanks, todo be quite frankly with you i'll be using this money yo help people asking on the street, to give you an example this is what happens when you go out:
Yesterday I went to buy some bread and milk to the bakery, was there for probably 3 minutes and during that time 2 little kids approached me asking for food, bought them 4 "pasteles" and 2 orange juices and asked them to eat them right there in my view (some parents send their kids to ask for food then sell this food and buy drugs while their kids are starving...)
One week ago I went to eat junk food outside, was there for like one hour while my food was made and I ate. While being there:
1 old lady approached me sending condiments, I told her I really had no cash and had only brought my debit card, she looked really sad and told me "that food looks really good, I haven't eaten anything today" broke my heart, bought her a hot dog. (Didn't have anything healthy to give her at that hour sadly...)
3 little kids came to my table and told asked me if I could buy them food, that it could be anything, so I bought them some
1 old guy came to me and showed me some art in glass told me he does art in (don't really remember the name he gave me...), and that I could give it to my mom or girlfriend, told him I really had no cash to buy it and had only brought my debit card. He told me "what about a trade?, Food for this?" I told him fine but that I didn't want the art as it would be better for him to buy it from someone else , bought him a hot dog as well...
3 more people came, though they asked other people for food not me.
I was there only a while. Most people say no, that they can't help or give you food because they really aren't able to, minimum wage being like $10, a hot dog is worth like $0.5, a burguer like $1.
That old lady is the one who touched me the most, she didn't really ask for food out of shame, she was trying to make a living selling condiments, though nobody bought them from her.
So anyway, I'll use this to help people on the street, wish I could record myself to show you but taking my phone outside like that would probably just end with me getting robbed...
@_date: 2017-10-27 04:21:35
yes, although i never really sought people who needed help but rather helped people that i encountered on my way, now i have been using the donations i was given here to find them though, 2 times a day since yesterday, about 15-25 meals at lunch, and about the same number at dinner.
Got some pictures and stories if you want to read them.
( and here is the context  )
Edit: here is the story 
Well, i didn't really know how to properly do it this way as i said before i was used to helping this people whenever i was outside at some place and they approached me for help or when  was at some place and saw them outside and invited them to eat, it was much harder to organize it so that i actually went out with a lot of food finding them. I already wrote a message about this earlier today to those that were the reason this was possible, but here it is so i don't have to type it again ( for contet i was speaking about how hard it is to take pictures, it feels really wrong, but it needs to be done to show that it is happening):
Yesterday we gave food to 10 people at lunch time, and 15 at dinner time, today we gave food to 15 people at lunch time, i just got back and took my camera with me today. To be honest it was really hard for me to do it (take pictures of them while i gave them food), and they looked really awkward as i was doing it too, just like i expected, they don't want to be pictured in such conditions.
Many were really thankful to us, others were thankful to god, others didn't speak much but were rather lost in their mind. Two persons today were the ones that touched me the most.
One is first and second picture of the album, he appeared to be mute but he also understood what we were trying to tell him, and as soon as he saw us approach him he extended his arm to us in an attempt to reach the food. like asking for it. I went with my best friend and we talked about it briefly, how he is in such bad conditions and also can't communicate his feelings to the world.
The other one is second and third picture, he acted completely normal and spoke like a normal guy, he asked us for some empty bottles we had on us and also thanked us, but when we told him that we would like to take a picture he spoke about he didn't have more clothes, like he didn't have good clothes to be in a picture, like he didn't want to appear in it, so we told him we would only take a picture from his neck below, and to that agreed.
We have found out more places where to find more people, and also are designing a way to deliver this efficiently as we walked for 4 hours total yesterday, and today so far it was 2 and a half hours, don't know how long it will take us during dinner time.
We are also looking at donating food those places that attend the elderly (forgot their english name), here sadly those places should be managed and funded by the government but they aren't, these old people don't have any family and are in really bad conditions in those places, they are treated bad by the few employees and also eat really badly. So we are looking on going there soon and talking to the head of the place so we do some logistics and can bring food every day to everyone there and also leave someone there watching that they actually eat the food and these food is not taken away from them by these awful people that take care of them.
Also some public schools don't have proper food for their kids (a lot of kids in public school go to school without having breakfast and don't eat properly at home some constantly faint, and well, how can they focus on learning in such conditions?), here is a picture of whats being served in some public schools  (public page of our state)
**Here is the album of pictures i took today that i referenced above  (I couldn't take many as it felt really wrong doing it. Perhaps later with time it'll get easier and easier.)**
About cost of food and how much we will be able to do with the money that we have:
Right now $1 = 40323,49VEF according to  (Where we check the actual price of dollars)
Lunch at one place, the main one we have been getting it from costed us 22'000VEF each (they told us it might increase a little bit in the following days. On the second place we got it from it was 40'000VEF.
We haven't been giving breakfast, just lunch as dinner, breakfast would cost about 10'000VEF each. We're talking about a way for more efficiently do this, like finding someone to prepare food for us so we can have more...
Anyway, at first place it is aprox $1 for 2 lunches, at the other one it is $1 for one lunch, we have to use two places as the first one can't supply all that we're asking for, they can give 10 max at lunch, and 10max at dinner. Anyway let's say we are spending 30'000VEF per meal. So basically $1 is 1 to 2 meals depending on where i get them..
I'll try to take more pictures as i get comfortable with it if we get to do as i said above on public schools and elderly places then it'll surely should be a lot easier to take pictures, at this rate assuming i'll continue doing it 20 to 30 meals each day, i believe i have enough for one month to 2 months worth of food at this rate, though i'm not really counting the elderly places or public schools which probably have a lot of people so that could be reduced drastically, or maybe not, specially if i manage to find someone willing so that we cook ourselves.
**Thats where the message ends, edited some parts to get it more clear and fix grammar**
So about this afternoon:
I went again this afternoon and we managed to provide 17 meals, we were left with three because it was getting late and it is really bad to be outside during nighttime in the center of town, there are a lot of bad people out there, also we found a place today that sells meals at 5'000VEF (lunch), but i'm afraid they are not of good quality because they are so cheap, not even cooking it myself would it be that cheap (cooking it ourselves would probably be in the order of 20'000VEF, and i don't want these people to get sick as that would be terrible so i won't be using it..
We also noticed this afternoon that the are a lot of places (they are closed so i never noticed them before) where a lot of kids and adults that are homeless gather and sleep together, so we are also thinking about purchasing some pillows and other things like that for them...
Edit: if anyone wants to contribute bitcoin:1Nb1tDwcGsUJWwoLZD4T2Fd6x71Cu32QPx
@_date: 2017-10-23 05:43:24
Tried it already a few months ago and didnt work for me, don't remember exactly why but it was along the lines on not being available for Venezuelans.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:29:23
I'm actually afraid that as time passes and more and more people know about bitcoin, lowlife scum will too, and at that point i'm afraid they'll put a knife to our necks so we unlock our phones for them to check if we have any bitcoin on them, also if we carry hardware wallets that's another thing that'll trigger them.
Of course i'm talking about countries with a huge crime rate like the one i live in where bitcoin is needed to keep our money safe from the huge devaluation of our national currency and where people get killed for a pair of shoes. I'm sure in proper countries this won't be an issue.
@_date: 2017-10-27 05:59:26
thanks, it is a shame that i can't really cover much beyond my inner city. I'm doing what i can as i have to manage between this and working. I can't seek for help beyond my friends either as if the wrong person found out i could be targeted by thugs thinking i have a lot of money or something. Hopefully me and my best friend can find an efficient way of doing this soon, so to reach more people in a lower amount of time.
@_date: 2017-10-29 16:06:25
Web development. 
@_date: 2017-10-29 23:10:07
Most people earn about $8 a month now, that's the minimum wage (it was a bit higher but our currency went from 20000VEF per USD to 40000VEF pero USD just this month), so they can't really afford to eat properly much less worry about investing time learning about Bitcoin sadly =( 
For those that earn more however and can manage to save at least a bit, most know about bitcoin, we use localbitcoins to purchase them or sell them. The rate is quite good compared to exchanging something like paypal(20%) not to mention paypal can freeze our accounts and keep our money. 
There are also a lot of people who sold their cars or used their savings to invest in mining due to cheap electricity. So the people that know about Bitcoin are growing at a big rate.
We can't use our bank accounts to send or receive money other than nationally, same with credit cards or debit cards, they don't work internationally, Bitcoin is life saving for us.
Oh and about promoting bitcoin even more Its hard to talk about it with strangers though, as if they are bad people or know bad people, or bad people hear you then they'll think you are rich and kidnap you or do anything to try to rob you.
@_date: 2017-10-29 20:51:56
I have the same questions as others here, why is this happening on a sunday? I checked on transactions done today and there's seems to be quite a big volume.
My shit currency de-evaluates each week but doesn't move during weekends, i assume those that update/calculate its price don't work during the weekends. I have mentioned it previously but this month my currency has gone from 20'000VEF per 1USD to 42'000VEF per 1USD, even though it is such a volatile currency it freezes during weekends.