@_author: randomcryptoalias
@_date: 2018-02-12 00:10:19
a.) Basically when we distribute trust amongst more entities the system becomes stable and rigid (because it’s harder to convince or force more entities to change in some consistent way.) IE as bitcoin becomes more trustworthy it also becomes more rigid and more difficult to adopt new ideas or technologies. 
b.) These arguments and ideas are interesting. I agree there is massively less opportunity for ‘moral’ or any other type of ‘malevolent’ intervention with bitcoin when making a transaction. But as far as I remember these ideas are not super prevalent in the original paper. It’s focus is on the consumer cost of fraud (the primary overhead in modern traditional financial transactions.) My capitalistic intuition is the cost of fraud is still ultimately passed to the consumer. The primary difference being that cost may not be shared anymore. I don’t know if that’s an improvement.
@_date: 2018-02-11 22:37:05
The paper is specific and goes on to say the primary cost of trust is fraud which increases transaction costs for consumers unnecessarily. If coinbase can use bitcoin to decrease transaction costs for consumers it’s a step in the right direction.
@_date: 2018-02-12 01:18:25
Thank you! 
@_date: 2018-02-12 00:25:53
That’s not traditional democracy. 51% of people is different than 51% of access to some commodity.
@_date: 2018-02-12 01:15:49
Thank you for talking through this! You have given me more context to rephrase my question more succinctly:
Bitcoin all but eliminates consumer (buyer) side fraud. The cost of this fraud is shared by everyone in increased cost of goods. So inversely bitcoin can decrease the cost of all goods (fantastic!) by removing this cost.
What I’m interested in is seller side fraud. Credit cards, banks, etc... are responsible for reversing transactions from fraudulent merchants. That process, the lost money, all that cost is shared by all consumers in higher transaction fees. You could say banks charge consumers for that service. When they can no longer perform that service, who will consumers or society pay to perform a similar service? And most importantly (to the success of bitcoin) will it be as cheap or as efficient as the banks at dealing with fraud?