@_author: randomredditor3435
@_date: 2015-11-01 11:04:09
You are on point.
There is definitely such a need -- I'm such a consumer myself. Occasionally, BTC would work great for something I need, but I don't want to have to go through the massive hassle of learning how and then actually dealing with bitcoin in order to pay them. There are an uncountable number of easy ways something could go wrong and I rather not have to hear 'you're a dumbass and it's your fault' or 'sorry for your loss'.
So, again, such a market exist. Problem is that I'm not sure how sustainable it really is. Again, using myself as an example, the occasions where I would want to pay in BTC is rare...super rare. I'm talking it only pops up one or twice a year kind of rare. Which is probably to be expected. If I was the kind of person who needs to utilize BTC repeatedly rather than rarely, I'd probably go through the massive hassle of dealing with it...but I don't need it that often.
If the other potential consumers are the same as me...chances are whatever potential middleman that pops up is likely to get a very low amount of sales. Not exactly a lucrative business.
@_date: 2015-11-02 01:04:23
You compare Apple Pay/Venmo/etc to signing up for Coinbase/Circle and seem to suggest both are equally simple. I think you're being rather transparently disingenuous.
I recently got Android Pay. You know what it involved? 15 minutes. In those 15 minutes, I downloaded the app, added a credit card (it was fast because Google already knew my CC), and learned how to use NFC at a POS terminal. I was finished with the whole process at that point. I could pay for a product anytime I wanted.
Signing up for Coinbase/Circle involves creating an account, connecting a bank account, verifying your account, then actually having to buy bitcoin for usage with all the details that involves (of which the security aspect alone is extremely daunting). Only after all of that will I be able to start paying for products...which itself is actually another learning process. So signing up for these companies is more like creating a new bank account (which uses an entirely different currency) than anything resembling my experience with Android Pay.
All of this is beside the point, however.
The both of us seem to acknowledge that there are people who rather not sign up for Coinbase/Circle, correct? Then it's better that there exist a middleman that deals with the hassle in return for a fee than actually ask consumers to perform the whole thing themselves and save the fee they'd be willing to pay.
As it is, I only have one or two occasions per year where I might use BTC. I rather not have to deal with it just for a few things which I could easily live without.