@_author: randey_bobandy
@_date: 2017-07-28 02:56:05
people inquiring over the valuation of a cryptocurrency as an investment is insulting to read at times.  Cryptocurrencies by design are contrarian to capital econometrics built around centralized currencies.  Cryptocurrency at best reveals how falsified, and *economically* unsustainable people are with their investments.
Environmentally unsustainable is one thing, but to reach the same end game through basic economics, is jading, to say the least.  Cryptocurrencies to me have not only exposed how many investors out there lack any understanding behind anything but achieving ROI.  If there's no return on investment, the entire concept is null.  Valuing cryptocurrency as a commodity is profitable, no doubt, but the underlying value behind the technology is being run through an outdated system, much like COMEX values gold as a commodity, the spot price of ether, bitcoin, or whatever, is dependent upon a system that can't function seeing it as a store of value - despite what you may read or hear.  Cryptocurrencies are as effective as any other commodity when they're reduced to a set of numbers and leveraged by big traders trying to gain traction for personal or profitable reasons.  Our species doesn't have much experience in world reserve currencies, most "experts" get ahead of the investing game the moment they empower or legitimize the positions of centrally distributed medium for exchange.  This is a further depiction of "too big to fail."
I'm at a loss, mostly because hindsight is 20/20, and having a moral compass is a contentious standpoint in a capital-derivative dominant world economy.  Luckily the games moves faster than the players, when everyone feels comfortable telling you how to value something, yet they are comfortable missing their claim and making a new one the next day, there is a bubble.  What sucks is how many have bought into cryptocurrency solely looking to make a profit from it.  Cryptocurrencies, at least in my humble opinion, are tools for eliminating the well-known corruption and market manipulation that takes place in centrally controlled fiat currencies - aka cryptocurrencies combat "easy money."
The problem to me that keeps any single cryptocurrency from being a "profitable investment" aside from my own bias, is seeing how many people are codependent on a system of mass manipulation, and cannot do anything but keep doing what they do, hence the saying, "too big to fail."
@_date: 2017-07-27 18:01:29
I knew a guy who put in millions into a cryptocurrency when it was worth pennies.
What have I learned about this thread?  It's a function of a capital-intensive system.  Enough people here have shown their quality as lemming investors, and the risk of bubbles and corruption are still the same.  Cryptocurrencies were designed to help combat this very thing
I've learned how the human condition is in a rut, thanks to what i've observed over time on /bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-07-28 04:35:11
you most certainly can have both, but the risk between a marginal understanding of money and value as two separate things is what scares me.  
The bubble surrounding value today is so big now, coveting the current financial system as a tool for embezzlement is becoming outdated.  The bearish position towards central banks is nearly the same now with being bearish towards whole national economies.  
Most people think there is a game called investing - where you can give a "professional" your hard earned money and it magically grows without you having to do anything.   There's no foul in this practice, but the risk here as it relates to cryptocurrencies and their counterpart (centrally controlled fiat currencies) is the power-trip facilitated by such a banking role.   People want ROI, sure, I do, you do, we all would rather be rich than poor - and this is essentially what precipitated the '08 collapse, on top of most currency-based central-banking collapses in history.  Central banking systems WANT your money (especially in such a large consumption-based economy like America), and now they're positioned in a way where they NEED your money to even function.  Having this type of system backing the world economy is effective financial warfare.  
The central banking systems maintain their position now in the financial game for the geopolitical benefits from maintaining a large-scale institution - capable of embezzlement that can cripple a nation... and the central bank's effectiveness in limiting the growth of dangerous nation-states, while circumventing much of the politicking, playing into the pockets and positions of politicians, and other influential world leaders.  Since Bretton Woods, by design - conflict has facilitated an ongoing currency war.  In this understanding, compared to the atrocities of the Great War and WWII, the dollar is the lesser of two evils.  Unfortunately this system has evolved into one that is "too big to fail" -   The risk now is in the close relationship between central banks and nations - the oversight is slipping to new tech (like bitcoin) and the positions of entire governments are bloating in an attempt to maintain their oversight - and the most politically correct position is one that places value in things relative to the trust of the U.S dollar.    As this reserve currency system is further stressed as trust goes to new mediums for exchange, the VERY basic function of having a working currency gets called into question.  And now we have cryptocurrency - various nations backing their own currency standards away from the USD, and investment bankers doing what they can to keep their old balls rolling.
How is bitcoin as an investment?  I don't know, how would you plan for the collapse of a fiat currency?  Because China, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, the EU elite familes all are doing similar things right now: securing themselves from another U.S. embezzlement spending spree.
@_date: 2017-07-08 22:07:34
money and currency are two different things, people forget this (or are academic trolls).  Though the paper has many uses, it is far more renewable, and less worthy as a store of value.  As the saying goes, "money doesn't grow on trees."  A backed paper currency functions as paper receipts for the value stored, else people could literally print value.  This is subjective to many things - resources, real estate, even social norms fetch different prices in different areas.  The most commonly accepted cultural store of value often resembles something that *can* be useful, but is more a rare and functional long-term item for storage.  Gold does not tarnish or lose it's structure over time - like other minerals or jems.  The dollar ammount of gold futures has nothing to do with the industrial use, such as paper currency made from trees.