@_author: randomwelk
@_date: 2019-07-17 14:21:21
Check Coinfloor out. I've used several exchanges in the past (Stamp, Coinbase, Kraken, etc) and found them to be reliable and stable.
It's not got any fancy features such as margin, but if you're just looking to sell your coin, it's worth checking out.
EDIT: Coinfloor is UK based, deposit and withdraw in GBP
@_date: 2019-07-02 12:15:14
Now that you have some skin in the game, learn about Bitcoin. 
The more you understand about the fundamentals, it's economics, issuance etc, the easier it will be forget about it. 
Bitcoin is not a get rich quick scheme. Yes, some people have got rich, but the majority of those folk could see the potential for the technology, and the role it can play.
Bitcoin is revolutionary technology. Watch some Andreas Antonopoulos videos (youtube him), to help better understand the concept of internet money. Every time I watch this dude speak it reinvigorates me about the tech and it's future.
@_date: 2019-07-02 12:25:18
There are lots of app's available. If you are talking about less than $100, then one of the top rated non-custodial mobile apps would be perfect. Make sure you follow all the prompts, and write down your seed. The non-custodial wallets (you control the keys) CANNOT recover your funds if you lose the wallet or phone.
Coinbase is user friendly, and a great introduction to the space. The fees on smaller orders can be fairly high.
If you are investing regularly, and have $100+, then you will need a hardware wallet. I have tried both the Trezor (original) and the Ledger. I prefer the Trezor, due to the slightly large screen, and its software. Keep this safe, write down your seed, and you should be golden. I use Sentinel (app, android) with a watch only address from my Trezor. This way I can accept deposits from my phone, to my Trezor which is tucked away safe and secure.
I can't recommend any other coins. I've dabbled in the past, but always found it difficult to manage with the price fluctuations, due to not having faith (or a lack of understanding) in the tech and use cases.