@_author: ranger-magee
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:15:44
Agree fully with not keeping large quantities of BTC or fiat on any exchange. Always. But I am curious what are the other options out there? Specific to my needs, working with CampBx's API has been a breeze, and I can get USD in and out. Sure no ACH, but who else has that? As far as I know only Coinbase, which won't hold a USD balance for users (yet). No API withdrawal option on Kraken for crypto, or even BTC-e. CampBx has that. 
I've had a good experience on CampBX, and would like to understand why they are off the radar so much within the community. I find nothing remotely recent about them on Coindesk.
@_date: 2014-02-26 06:33:29
I have no guess at what the future holds for CampBX, but my experience has been a positive one overall. I had one hangup with a check deposit that was in transit when they lost their banking partner, which I considered understandable. I lost no money, everything was eventually cleared up, and all it cost me was time. Other than that, every deposit I have sent has been in my account within the 7-10 businsess day estimate. All my bitcoin withdrawals and deposits have gone through in a very acceptable timeframe. One withdrawal was even during the recent freeze on the main exchanges, and I gotta say I was particularly happy to be on CampBX when that was happening.
In terms of their API, its robust comparitively. As far as I can tell, Bitstamp has the only other API that provides BTC withdrawals and deposits. I know Kraken, Coinbase and BTC-e currently do not. I've also found their API reliable, and it has genuinely improved since I first started utilizing it. 
Most of the criticisms I hear about CampBX revolves around customer service, which understandably gets amplified when btc/usd deposit/withdrawal issues are involved. It did take me quite some time to get verified, expect abrupt announcements on server maintenance at times (but that's common to all exchanges lately), and support tickets can take a while to get a response to. 
These concerns haven't bother me much. I always assumed they were a small team handling a lot, and gave them the benefit of the doubt. As with all crypto-engaged businesses, I try to keep in mind the difficulties and challenges they all must be facing on a daily basis - especially exchanges.
I've also found there are ways around the problem areas; ways to plan and manage the perceived risks. For example, if USD withdrawal fees and delays are a concern to your strategy, plan to tranfer coins to your Coinbase account and sell there. The USD will go to your bank account (if you are verified).
Hope this helps, and apologies if am waving the CampBX flag to the point where I have upset someone. Usually when I post about my CampBX experience on other boards, I get bonked, or accused of working for them.
@_date: 2014-03-10 21:15:52
My address field was prepopulated, so I assumed it was a temp OneName generated and needed. If this isn't the case, then I now have a profile associated address that I do not control. Any clarification on the prepopulated address?
@_date: 2014-02-27 02:59:15
I see what you did there...keepin' the price nice and steady eh?
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:34:03
Doesn't it make sense to choose a psuedonymn that is a recognizable legal name? Leaves all those red herrings for others to chase in futility. Hmmm...Satoshi Nakamoto is my new nym.
@_date: 2014-02-27 05:47:07
In these types of situations it really depends on whether the lawyers in OP's locale are in cold storage or not. If they aren't, then there's always the possibility of a transfer malleability exploit. OP and lawyers might have talked, agreed to meet somewhere, but neither is able to find each other. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 07:40:03
So is that the perspective of traders or other platforms? Both? I suppose it is the opinion of the other platforms if they distancing themselves. What are the opinions of the traders?
@_date: 2014-02-27 02:13:30
@_date: 2014-03-20 05:19:48
...then I read the comments - wowza. I'm shocked. Expletives at OP? Really? I didn't think this kind of effort was so unvalued in the bitcoin community. Did OP hit a nerve? More likely my bitcoin ideology is off...refactoring...compiling...deploy: "Hey, I don't know you but your balance at donation address is 0, so fuck off. Also, your idea is old shit, which makes the technical ability you demonstrated in your presentation worthless to the community" (Kudos to the author of the gradient background-as-border trick by the way)