@_author: rangeroversport
@_date: 2014-03-16 17:11:53
I agree with this. Cyprus could not print it's own currency, which was a major reason for the crisis.
I have also been to Cyprus, and I can tell you that the country was pretty much run by Russians since the 90's. It has been their offshore haven and untold billions were stashed and laundered there.
The Germans (correctly in my opinion) didn't want to bail out dirty Russian money. It was the Cypriot government that was blinded by greed that ended up selling out the banking system to Russian syndicates, and they reaped what they sowed.
@_date: 2014-03-16 18:32:02
You cannot divorce mathematics from psychology when discussing the economy. Much economic activity relates to the emotions of market participants. Fear, greed, and confidence are leading economic indicators.
Bitcoin value at the moment has everything to do with psychology.
@_date: 2014-03-16 17:37:09
I don't feel that Bitcoin holders are investors; I feel that they are speculators. They hold something that produces nothing and hope it just goes up in value.
If you invested in a company, or a stock, or a piece of real estate or farmland, those are productive assets that create a return. Bitcoin isn't even like gold, which is at least tangible and shiny and you can wear it around your neck!
However, if you invested in the technology behind Bitcoin, that would be an different story. You could patent and license it and create real value.
@_date: 2014-03-16 17:27:18
I'm actually quite optimistic about the world. I believe humanity's condition has improved immensely over the past century, and it gets better every decade.
@_date: 2014-03-16 17:47:43
Western Union and Paypal charge exhorbitant rates to the general public. Businesses and wealthier individuals pay much, much less doing fund transfers (far less than 1%). When I do personal wires, my bank frequently waives the charges because I'm a valued customer. 
The reason why WU and Paypal charge so much is because of the convenience factor and because people continue to use those services. There are a huge number of other ways to send money for lower costs, but people are too lazy to research or negotiate.
As for the delay aspect, Western Union and Paypal are pretty much instantaneous. EFT's from banks are very quick as well - same day.
@_date: 2014-03-16 17:24:59
1) It's value fluctuates too wildly.
2) Money supply cannot be increased/decreased in order to help/cool down the economy during business cycles.
3) The very fact that its proponents believe that it will increase in value over time (unlike every other currency) creates a disincentive for them to spend it now.
4) Storing is too complicated for the average person.
5) Transactions cannot be reversed (i.e. you buy something online and it doesn't get delivered and you cannot do a chargeback).
6) Total anonymity. How can law enforcement catch tax cheats and criminals if they can't trace payment back to them? 
@_date: 2014-03-16 16:49:25
I frequently do internarional wires of over $100k, and I'm charged about $150. EFT's usually are there the same or next day, but wires can take up to 5 days. I don't think that is an unreasonable price to pay, considering that the wires are fully documented and secure (I've never had a wire stolen or hacked).
I do agree that wires are slow and cumbersome, but that's because the systems behind them are many decades old. They are secure and cost effective for the banking system, so they are taking the "if it aint broke" approach to this matter, but I do believe that it will eventually become faster and more efficient thanks to competition from other technologies.