@_author: rannasha
@_date: 2016-08-03 07:42:19
That'll only work if they make their customers whole either immediately or on a rather short timescale. A hack of this magnitude is already a huge hit to their reputation (look at Bitstamp, who still haven't regained the position they had prior to their much smaller hack), but if it leaves a lot of customers without their funds, it's unlikely that they can regain trust.
In the Bitstamp hack, no user lost anything (other than potential gains on trades that they couldn't make during the downtime), but that hack was less than one tenth in size (when expressed in $).
@_date: 2016-08-29 11:34:05


You are creating a block header whose hash value is smaller than a certain target value (this last bit is often translated as "has at least X amount of leading zeroes). The mining software fills in a value for the nonce-field in the header, hashes the header, checks if the result is below the target and if not, picks a different nonce value and tries again.


The block header contains the hash of the previous block. So in order to mine block X, you need to know the hash of the header of block X - 1. When mining in a pool, the pool will send the necessary data to your mining software and your miner will report results back to the pool. When mining solo, you interact directly with the Bitcoin network.


The solution is always generated by a single miner. There is no way to contribute a partial solution. The hash of a block header is either good (smaller than the target value) or not. Nevertheless, pools keep track of the effort performed by miners by measuring the amount of unsuccessful work they've performed. The reward for finding a block is then distributed among the miners, with the precise distribution scheme varying from pool to pool.
@_date: 2016-08-06 14:32:09


What could possible justify a 100M valuation? BFX has very little tangible assets. A few servers and some liquid currencies. Intangible assets consist of their exchange code and customer base, neither of which will be extremely valuable (the exchange stands to lose considerable customer loyalty due to the hack).
Unless BFX has far, far more cash on hand than would make sense, there's no way that they can offer enough equity to cover the value of the losses.
@_date: 2016-08-22 18:10:03
False, the total loss from the hack was $72M. They may have covered a small portion of that with their cash on hand and other sources of funds, but the majority of the loss is most likely not covered yet. Only Bitfinex knows what the exact amount is that they're short after covering some of it with their own funds. In any case, the amount that they're short is, apparently, 36% of the total amount of customer funds held by Bitfinex, which means the 36% haircut on all account balances.
The full set of BFX issued represents this entire loss. So assuming they were able to cover $5M of the loss, the total of all BFX tokens is equal to a claim of $67M.
In any case, it is extremely unlikely that Bitfinex is worth more than the amount that they're down. The actual assets of Bitfinex consist of their codebase, perhaps some hardware (if they own their own servers), the value of their brand / customerbase (which is likely greatly diminished due to the hack) and any cash/coin they have on hand.
There's no way that that adds up to tens of millions of USD 
@_date: 2016-08-03 07:45:04


Just freeze trading when opening withdrawals for non-affected currencies.
@_date: 2018-01-08 11:06:50
Regardless of what wallet you pick, you should pay attention to the differences between "importing" a private key and "sweeping" it. You use both in the same post as if they're the same, but they aren't and the difference can cost you money in fees.
**Importing** a private key simply adds it to the wallet-file, along with any private keys that are already present. Nothing happens with the key or the funds. The paper wallet used as source remains valid as long as you don't transact (so you should still keep it safe).
**Sweeping** a private key means that the wallet creates a transaction that sends all the funds associated with this key to an address already in the wallet. After the sweep, the private key (and paper wallet that it was printed on) are worthless. This action involves a regular Bitcoin-transaction so it incurs a transaction fee.
In the case of multiple paper wallets, it's almost always preferable to **import** them into a new wallet and then send them onward. That way you pay 1 transaction fee (although potentially a large one if you have many paper wallets). If you would **sweep** them, you pay a regular transaction fee for each paper wallet, but then still pay the large fee for the transaction that combines all the funds into a single address.
You can use Mycelium to import private keys (or one of several other wallet applications). Simply import each wallet and once you're done, create a new transaction that sends all your funds to their final address.
@_date: 2018-01-08 09:37:49
With Bitcoin / cryptocurrencies you are your own bank. That means that you have far more freedom in what you do with your money, but also more responsibility.
If you take the appropriate precautions, then owning, holding and using cryptocurrencies is absolutely safe. But if you're treating your cryptocurrency wallet like a bank account, then you may be underestimating the risks.
Regarding the 3 points mentioned in your post:
1) Don't keep money on exchanges unless you're actively trading. Withdraw anything that isn't being used for trading to your own wallet.
2) Do your research, don't simply trust people online, arrange for a storage-solution that is secure, but works for you. Keep backups.
3) Keep coins in your own wallet(s). Keep software up-to-date. Move larger quantities to offline/cold wallets. Ideally, get a hardware wallet which combines many of the advantages of a cold wallet with those of a hot wallet.
@_date: 2018-01-10 10:40:17
It functions as a hot wallet, but you're still signing transactions with private keys. And said private keys can still be kept in some form of offline / cold storage system.
@_date: 2018-01-15 08:22:54
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:30:27
People using SegWit will pay lower fees than people that don't use it, because SegWit transactions carry a lower weight.
So even though adoption rates are still low, there are significant advantages for those that have adopted it already. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 15:09:36
Blocksize randomly selected with each block. I suppose that's a "feature" we haven't seen an altcoin use before to distinguish itself from the original.
@_date: 2018-01-01 12:21:00
The standard acronym is USSS (United States Secret Service), but if you leave the "United States" part out, then you're left with SS, yes.
@_date: 2018-01-05 21:40:52
Just buy it wherever. The original Ledger wallets contain cryptographic keys that are checked by the Ledger software. So unless the Ledger software complains about the device not being genuine, you're good on the hardware front.
The next concern is that the seller may have initialized the device before selling it to you. This is what this thread is about. If you start the device and you get the setup procedure that shows you your seed words on the device, then you know that it hadn't been initialized yet.
If you don't get the setup process and you're provided with a list of seed words on a paper in the box, then the seller has already initialized the device and likely wrote down the seed. In that case simply reset the device and it will create a new seed and you're good to go.
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:32:06
BCH also doesn't include SegWit, which fixes transaction malleability and is a prerequisite for effective functioning of Lightning Networks as well as for some still be implemented features such as Schnorr signatures.
@_date: 2018-01-24 16:05:49
Nonsense, I hodl because I want to buy a personal tropical island in the future.
(and because I'm a terrible trader)
(and because Bitcoin is simply super cool technology)
@_date: 2018-01-03 14:34:05
Bitcoin transactions are typically confirmed based on their fee. If you include a sufficiently high fee, your transaction will end up in the next block to be mined.
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:40:33
Which is why they're motivated to implement stuff that reduces their costs, like batching and SegWit. Many exchanges simply bill their customers for the withdrawal costs and the customers rarely complain. And when they do, the exchange can simply point to the state of the mempool and say that high fees are just the way it is.
@_date: 2018-01-20 11:47:46
Technically, all they have to do for LN is fix transaction malleability. So they could implement a fork that fixes that in a different way than what SegWit does, leaving Asicboost intact.
The problem with that solution is that they can't copy/paste as much from Bitcoin / LN developers, because the more they deviate from Bitcoin, the more work it'll be to develop their own LN due to compatibility issues.
@_date: 2018-01-08 12:25:16
The BCH and BTG are associated with your paper wallets. If you move your BTC from your paper wallets to your Ledger, the BCH &amp; BTG don't move at all. And vice versa.
So to transact your BCH / BTG, you'll have to import (or sweep) the private keys into a BCH / BTG wallet. What you do with your BTC is completely independent of this.
Of course, it's recommended that when you import your keys to access BCH / BTG, you also move your BTC away from those keys, because once imported / swept into an online wallet, the security of those keys is greatly reduced.
@_date: 2018-01-15 15:15:41
There seem to be 4 people based on [this post]( from a year ago. They aren't elected, they're simply granted access by whoever is the current owner of the repository. This is fairly standard practice in open source developments. Anyone can contribute by forking the code, making a contribution and then submitting a pull request, but the maintainers decide which pull requests get merged.
See also [this article]( on the Bitcoin Core merge process.
@_date: 2018-01-19 11:44:38
Right now, while things are being tested. I can't imagine max channel size not being increased when LN is starting to become actively used. Businesses will need considerably larger channels for their B2B transactions.
@_date: 2018-01-04 13:18:54
My wife knows about Bitcoin and has a basic understanding of how it works and what the advantages (and disadvantages) are compared to fiat currency. On occasion she's defended Bitcoin in a conversation with others.
She knows how much we have and how it's stored. She has enough information to work out how to access it in case something happens to me.
Other than that, we don't really talk about it much. Price is mentioned every now and then and major events of the last year (SegWit, BCash fork, SW2X) have come up in conversation.
@_date: 2018-01-12 14:20:32
SegWit: A set of changes to Bitcoin that was activated last summer. The main change is a change in the structure of how transactions are stored. This change allows for more efficient processing of transactions. SegWit also includes a fix for a technical issue called transaction malleability as well as an increase to the maximum block size. While this upgrade is backwards compatible, the advantages only apply to people who use the new format.
Lightning: Imagine a bar tab. Instead of paying and getting change for each drink you order, you simply sign the updated tab. At some point, you settle the tab by paying the open balance. But now imagine the bar tab is bidirectional (the bar tender can credit you money). And imagine that you could leave the bar without settling the tab and the bar could do all of it without you being present. And neither you nor the bar tender need to trust each other, because the tab is secured by cryptography. And finally, you can link your bar tab to those of others, allowing you to send money to your friend, using your bar tab and the one your friend has. And no party in this transaction has to rely on trust to ensure the others don't cheat. This is in essence what the Lightning Network aims to be: A system for transacting Bitcoin quickly and cheaply, without having to include each transaction in the blockchain. Funds can transfer across multiple nodes in order to reach the intended recipient. All of this is trustless, with cryptography keeping cheaters out. And if a counterparty goes away/offline, you can always settle the final balance on the blockchain on your own. The Lightning Network requires some of the changes that SegWit brought in order to function properly.
BTC vs BCH: BCH is the coin created by a fork in August. BCH proponents feel that increasing the blockchain is the best way to improve scaling. They reject the set of improvements that came with SegWit. While the fork event went over without much fuss and initially things were relatively calm, some outspoken figures in the BCH community have set out on a campaign to hijack the name "Bitcoin".
Coinbase: The largest platform for directly purchasing Bitcoin. A very popular first point of entry for many new users. Coinbase also operates a wallet-service. While an early advocate of Bitcoin, Coinbase has somewhat fallen from grace because of their unwillingness to implement standard measures to reduce transaction volume on the Bitcoin network.
GDAX: The exchange owned and used by Coinbase. Where on Coinbase users buy directly from the company itself, GDAX is simply a mediator bringing buyers and sellers together. This is a more complicated way to trade Bitcoins, but offers considerably better rates.
@_date: 2018-01-03 10:06:56
A transaction with a high enough fee will be included in the next block. This is how it's always been. The definition of "high enough" changes over time though.
Once included in a block, each block that is found afterwards adds 1 confirmation. On average, blocks come every 10 minutes, but there's a large amount of variance. So a tx having 2 confirmations after 7 minutes isn't special in any way. It just means it had a sufficiently high fee and was sent at a time when blocks were found rapidly (due to random chance).
@_date: 2018-01-01 11:48:09
Except when people try to spawn crypto-felines all across the chain. That app was an excellent demonstration of ETH (like other blockchain currencies) not being ready for global use yet.
@_date: 2018-01-24 05:53:18
Even then. With 1 second block intervals a single confirmation would not nearly be enough security. The shorter the block interval, the more blocks you need to get the same level of security.
Meanwhile, LN confirmations are literally as fast as the time it takes for the transaction to reach the destination. Network connectivity speeds are the only limit, no artificial time barriers.
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:26:54
That estimate was made before the concept of channel factories was conceived though. The same amount of channel creation will require less space in reality.
Eventually, a block size increase will be needed. But done in careful way, with plenty of preparation and while tackling other items on the hardfork-wishlist at the same time, ideally.
@_date: 2018-01-19 15:10:40
Because it's still in a test stage, with open issues to be resolved. Forcing the maximum channel size to stay below a relatively low value limits the potential loss in case of a bug causing loss of funds.
@_date: 2018-01-04 13:14:14
Completely different. The Bitcoin-fork was due to an issue with the protocol itself and came at a time when the financial effects were very small since Bitcoin wasn't worth much.
The DAO fork was done because of an issue with a smart contract running on the Ethereum blockchain. Ethereum had no issues in this event. In addition, at the time of the fork, there were large financial interests at play, because Ethereum and The DAO already had significant value.
It would be much more accurate to compare what happened with The DAO to the MtGox collapse had the Bitcoin-community decided to fork the chain to recover the lost Gox-coins.
@_date: 2018-01-24 05:46:07
You don't need a tx id to confirm that claim. A quick look at mempool-monitoring websites, for example  shows that the mempool has no transactions with &gt;20 sat/byte left.
@_date: 2018-01-01 12:14:37
LN requires users to commit a certain amount of coins to a channel (this is done using a normal Bitcoin-transaction). Once a channel is opened, the user can send up to the amount of coins he has committed (plus whatever he has received on that channel). If you wish to send a large amount of BTC over LN without a direct channel to the recipient, then you'll need to find channels with a large capacity to facilitate the transaction.
Since LN nodes are locking in BTC to keep channels open, node-operators will want to charge a small fee. The size of the fee depending on the size of the amount transacted makes sense in this context.
For incidental large transactions, using a regular on-chain transaction will likely remain the best choice. But for frequent small transactions, LN will be much better.
@_date: 2018-01-27 15:51:00
Yes, they're using it on the main net. The software is in a decent state, but not ready for production. The developers advise against using it on the main net, since there are so bugs that can cause loss of funds.
But that's not stopping some people from setting it up, trying it out and providing feedback. 
@_date: 2018-01-25 07:38:09
Sending coins from a SegWit address has considerably lower fees than from a legacy address. However, you still need to move your coins to a SegWit address, which requires a transaction and costs you some money in fees.
Right now, fees are lower than they've been in quite some time, so it's a good opportunity to make use of this and cheaply move your coins to a SegWit address. That way, if/when fees go up and you need to transact, you can get the SegWit discount.
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:23:08
That's still a hard fork, just not a contentious one (provided that the signaling threshold is high enough).
Ideally, any hard fork is introduced with a signaling mechanism to ensure that (almost) all of the network accepts the change and is ready for it. But that doesn't change the nature of the beast. Since it still breaks compatibility with clients that weren't upgraded, it's still a hard fork.
@_date: 2018-01-10 10:39:06
Given the choice, I think people will still prefer on-chain transactions over LN transactions. So if on-chain transactions become much cheaper, some people will shift over to using more on-chain tx. Ultimately, the on-chain fee should settle at an equilibrium that expresses the premium that people are willing to pay for on-chain transactions.
And the mining difficulty will adjust to whatever the income per block is as the least efficient miners will turn their hardware off (or not replace hardware that dies) if the revenues go down.
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:28:01
Coinbase is screwing up big time anyway with their lack of batching. They reportedly have a large set of tiny UTXOs created by their long history of non-batched withdrawals that they're unable to spend without paying a fortune in fees. 
Every day that goes by without tx-batching not only costs them more money from GDAX withdrawals that they don't charge for, but also adds to their set of UTXOs.
At this point, they have to wait for signature aggregation with Schorr signatures to be able to spend these UTXOs.
@_date: 2018-01-09 07:31:34
What matters are the individual transaction outputs in your wallet, not so much the addresses. When you create a new transaction, your wallet will take one or more outputs to use as input for the new transaction and spend those coins.
You can have confirmed and unconfirmed outputs sitting next to each other, they won't bite. Your wallet will ignore the unconfirmed outputs and build a transaction with just the confirmed ones (unless you tell it otherwise).
The main downside of having all coins in one address is a reduction in privacy. There's a second, more theoretical downside and that is that spending from an address reveals its public key, which is only 1 encryption step away from the private key. In the event that the ECDSA encryption that links private key to public key is broken, spending coins from an address allows an attacker to obtain the private key and claim all other coins on that address. However, if ECDSA is broken and there is no immediate remedy, then there will probably be far bigger problems.
The privacy aspect is really the only concern that you'll have to consider. Fees and practical usage are the same between reusing the same address and using a new address every time.
@_date: 2018-01-08 10:08:21
The number of inputs for a transaction depends on how much you're sending and the value of the inputs. If you have an input with 1 BTC and you're only sending 0.1 BTC, then all you need is that single input. On the other hand, if you only have inputs of 0.1 BTC and you're sending 1 BTC, then you will need 11 inputs (10 for the main amount, 1 to pay for the transaction fee).
A standard transaction will almost always have 1 or 2 outputs. Most will have 2 outputs, one containing the actual funds you were sending, the other containing the change. If you're sending the entire value of the set of inputs, you'll only have 1 output.
Since the transaction fee scales with the number of inputs, it's cheaper to keep a smaller number of large inputs rather than a large number of smaller inputs. For your example of 100 paper wallets, that means you'll want to aggregate these funds into a single input. So instead of importing/sweeping each paper wallet separately, you'll want to import the private key from all of the wallets and then send the entire sum to the final destination address. This transaction will incur a large fee because of the very high number of inputs, but once that's done, all future transactions will be simple in nature, with just a single input.
@_date: 2018-01-29 06:11:54
If the fork supports SegWit, then nothing changes. If they don't, then you're out of luck.
@_date: 2018-01-15 09:22:36
However, most wallet-software will not reuse addresses. If you're an active user and you follow this best-practice standard, your BTC will most likely be spread out over multiple addresses.
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:34:52
Because by all metrics, the majority prefers "our" Bitcoin over "theirs". If the split was 50/50 or even tilted towards BCH, then there'd be a valid reason for the forkers to stake a claim to the name.
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:36:10
Bitcoin increased a factor of 10-15 in the timespan of a year. In 2013 it did the same in 2 months. Yes, volatility is still extremely high, but it's not nearly as crazy as what it once was.
@_date: 2018-01-10 13:09:33


No, it shouldn't. Bitcoin Core is a client for the Bitcoin network. Bitcoin Cash is an alternative cryptocurrency network, where the main client is called Bitcoin ABC.
Bitcoin is Bitcoin. Nothing changed. On August 1, a group of people forked off the main network to create their own cryptocurrency. That's fine, but it's not Bitcoin. This group was (and still is) a minority by every metric. They have no moral claim to the name Bitcoin.
Using "Bitcoin Core" as the name for the coin / network is wrong and is playing right into the hands of the vocal minority.
@_date: 2018-01-01 11:52:39
What prevents an attacker from completely bogging down the network by spamming double-spends, each triggering the voting process that requires the entire network to participate?
@_date: 2018-01-24 11:56:08
It'll be a manual job to find and properly credit your deposit, so expect substantial delays, especially considering that their support is swamped (just like on every other crypto-exchange).
It should work out OK in the end though.
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:24:04
Hardly breaking news. That a ban on cryptocurrency would be hard to enforce is pretty much a given, considering the p2p nature of the system. This is something that was known for a long time already.
What would be much easier to enforce is a ban on cryptocurrency to fiat exchanges. Without easy on- and offramps into cryptocurrencies, interest will greatly decline.
@_date: 2017-12-14 09:38:31
That doesn't really mean much. The Times is a long standing publication with a strong international reputation. It makes sense to pick such a paper for a timestamping event.
In addition, I'm sure that someone trying to remain anonymous would not limit his selection of papers to quote to his own country.
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:33:55
It's a scam.
There have been many Bitcoin/crypto-styled Ponzi schemes that claim consistently high rates, usually anywhere between 10% and 30% per month. They often pretend to be in the mining / investing business (like those two activities are even related).
@_date: 2018-01-08 09:30:52
Good point on Schnorr/SegWit. I don't know if this is the case, but if it is, Coinbase will have problems getting rid of their UTXOs and that makes introducing tx-batching even more urgent.
I don't think BIP131 is a solution, since it only applies to inputs with the same scriptPubKey (~ same address), so it's only useful if you're reusing the same address as change address.
@_date: 2017-12-26 14:13:20


This is false. SegWit blocks a certain shortcut that allowed some ASIC-models to mine more quickly than others. But ASICs are still the only realistic way to mine Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-21 11:35:23
Hodl is a state of mind.
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:46:29


The HW wallet can only be recovered if you keep a backup of it. Same as with the paper wallet.
In general, you should always have a backup of your wallet-data, regardless of what form your primary wallet is in (software, hardware, paper, rockpaintings, etc...)
@_date: 2017-12-01 13:34:36
Consider how many people are employed in the current financial sector. The number of people working in cryptocurrency businesses is tiny by comparison. Plenty of room for growth (though eventually that growth may come at the cost of existing jobs in current financial institutions).
@_date: 2017-12-31 15:09:58


They wouldn't have had this many UTXOs if they had implemented transaction batching. Dust UTXOs have been a concern for a long time and Coinbase could've seen this issue coming from miles away.
While it's not ideal that they can't recombine their UTXOs, they mostly have themselves to blame.
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:29:32


The bitcoins don't go to the hardware wallet. The wallet only contains the keys that allow you to spend bitcoins.
When you want to use your coins with a hardware wallet, you plug it into a computer (or phone) and run the associated wallet-software on the computer. There you'll make the transaction and when you want to send it, the software sends the unsigned transaction to the hardware wallet. The hardware wallet will prompt you to confirm the transaction on the device and once you do that, the signed transaction is sent back to the computer for transmission to the network.
The signing of the transaction takes place in a secure section of the hardware wallet, ensuring that the private keys never get exposed to the outside world.
The most popular hardware wallets are the Trezor and the Ledger Nano S. Either will do a fine job.
@_date: 2017-12-07 14:06:59
Even though I'm not nearly there yet, the point of "my BTC are now worth enough to buy a house that I'd like to live in" is very appealing to me as well. Despite having been a long time HODLer, if we ever get to that point, it'll be hard to resist selling.
@_date: 2017-12-01 09:51:16
Better lesson: Never have just a single point of failure in your storage solution. So when you buy a hardware wallet, carefully record its seed and store it securely in a completely separate location.
@_date: 2017-12-04 07:22:05
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:58:29
Ledger Nano S and Trezor are by far the two most popular hardware wallets. Some prefer the Ledger, others the Trezor. But either is a good choice.
Transferring BTC from your wallet to an exchange takes an amount of time depending on the number of confirmations required by the exchange, the fee you've included and the current level of network congestion. Most exchanges ask for 3-6 confirmations before crediting a deposit. If you include a sufficient fee for confirmation in the next block, that means a wait time of 30-60 minutes.
@_date: 2017-12-26 19:43:24
The official Ledger Chrome app verifies the authenticity of the device when it connects. See also: 
@_date: 2017-12-19 10:19:03
0.02 BTC in fees is way too high for a regular transaction, even if it's a non-SegWit address.
Perhaps you can post the transaction id so we can see what's going on.
@_date: 2017-12-04 07:21:06
Coinbase using SegWit means that more transactions will fit into a single block. That means that there is less competition for block space and therefore lower fees. Even for people that don't use Coinbase at all.
@_date: 2017-12-27 18:15:26
The original Bitcoin whitepaper (bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf) is very accessible, even to people without a background in computer science. If you have some programming experience, you should be able to easily catch the main points of the whitepaper.
The "tldr" regarding your question is: There are no distinct "bitcoin entities". The signatures (or rather: private keys) allow users to spend their funds from the associated address, where the balance can be any amount of bitcoin, down to 8 digits beyond the decimal point.
@_date: 2017-12-04 12:32:49


It may be nitpicking, but the public key and the address are not the same. From the private key, you can generate the public key and the address can then be obtained by hashing the public key (and adding some metadata).
@_date: 2017-12-27 18:17:05
No, the full history of all transactions is stored in the blockchain. A node is able to check the validity of the entire transaction history and independently derive the current state, without having to trust other parties about what the current state is.
@_date: 2017-12-26 19:45:10
Ledger is currently working on replacing the Chrome apps that are in use now, since Chrome is stopping app support. I assume that the current apps don't see much feature development and all development time other than bug fixes is going into the new standalone app.
@_date: 2017-12-15 09:37:07
Exchanges work with order books that contain all the buy orders ("bids") and sell orders ("asks").
If someone wants to buy a number of bitcoin for at most $100 per coin, that is added to the order book. Then someone adds a sell order for at least $110 per bitcoin to the order book. And so forth... In this case, nothing happens because the buyer doesn't want to pay enough for the seller to want to sell. But when an order is placed that can be matched with another order, the exchange will match it with the best available counter-order and execute the trade. (Note: If someone enters a sell order for a price of $50 and the highest buy order is at a price of $100, then the exchange will execute the trade with this highest buy order and the execution price is $100. The seller receives more than the minimum price he was asking for in this case.)
The "last price" that exchanges report is simply the price of the most recent trade that was executed in this way.
There is no outside party that determines the price or fancy calculation that is behind it. It is simply matching buy and sell orders put in by traders.
Some news or statistics websites use the price from multiple exchanges to compute an average price, but the action that drives the price happens on the exchanges.
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:35:54
Sure felt like it. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:51:56
No, it makes perfect sense. Businesses have expenses that they have to pay in fiat currencies. Most businesses are not in it for currency speculation, they want predictable profits from their sales.
In retrospect it's easy to say that it was stupid not to keep BTC, but things could've easily turned out differently.
@_date: 2017-12-21 12:00:30
I can see all exchanges starting their own hub. Because the LN has an advantage for exchanges and their users that is rarely mentioned: It greatly reduces the counterparty risk due to coin theft from exchanges.
Right now, if I want to have 10 BTC to trade with, I need to hand 10 BTC over to the exchange and trust them to keep it secure. As I perform trades, this amount will go up and down until I withdraw, but all the while, the funds are in the custody of the exchange.
With LN, I would open a channel to the exchange, funded with 10 BTC. At this point, I still have full control over all the funds. Whenever I make a trade that sells BTC, a lightning transaction is sent to the exchange and only the portion of my funds used in the order are sent to the exchange. When I receive BTC from a trade, the exchange can lightning-transact that back to me in an instant.
With LN, the user retains control over all his trade funds (in BTC or other LN-supporting cryptocurrencies anyway), but is still able to place orders without any additional delays related to sending the BTC to the exchange.
In a scene that sees far too many hacks and thefts, exchanges that offer such LN-based trading will have a big advantage in competitiveness. So it's only logical that they would set up a high capacity, well connected LN node.
@_date: 2018-09-17 08:11:45
Yes, it makes a difference. If I have 10 BTC and send 1 to someone else, with 9 BTC going back into a change address in my own wallet, then it's misleading to count that as 10 BTC transaction volume. Money going from one side of my wallet to the other isn't a transaction that ought to be counted.
Note that this makes it very difficult to accurately estimate the true transaction volume for Bitcoin, as there is no surefire way to determine which address in a transaction is a change address.
@_date: 2017-12-26 19:39:55
The available storage space on the secure chip is very limited. There's space for about 4-5 apps for different coins. However, you can remove an app and reinstall it later and still access your coins, so it's not that big of a limitation unless there are many coins that you frequently transact with.
@_date: 2017-12-04 15:20:34
Every 10 minutes is way too fast for DCA to make sense. You should do it with an interval of a week or so.
@_date: 2017-12-25 10:21:00
A market buy of that magnitude with such a large price movement in one go would've been very historic, yet we don't know of any such events. The article simply making a mistake with a 0 in the numbers is a far more plausible explanation.
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:30:06
You control coins in a LN channel with your private key, just like you would with on-chain transactions. In a way, a LN channel is a transaction that is signed and ready to go, but that doesn't get broadcast and instead gets updated whenever one of the parties in the channel makes a payment.
So your backup strategy doesn't change.
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:20:59
You need a 44% margin for the future and the full price for the Bitcoin unless you take a leveraged long position.
However, during this you're exposed to counterparty risk (primarily the Bitcoin exchange), storage risk (storing the Bitcoin either yourself or at the exchange) and you lock in your funds for 2 months.
It's still a fairly good return on investment, but calling it riskless is not exactly accurate. As time goes by, I expect that the futures price will move closer to the spot price, with the difference expressing how the market estimates the various risk factors (and the time value of the money).
@_date: 2017-12-01 09:48:14
That's not terribly surprising and also not unique to BBT, but applies to all shows with a laugh track or a live audience.
The scripts call for actors to deliberately leave gaps between their lines for the laughter so that the laughter doesn't drown out the next line(s). If you leave out the laughter, you're obviously going to have these awkward silences.
@_date: 2017-12-04 12:30:04
Optical Character Recognition. Or: getting text out of a scanned image / photo.
@_date: 2017-12-27 09:02:38
Sorry to hear about all you've lost, but at least the Bitcoins were saved. However, you should consider this particular Trezor as lost, because water damage often takes a bit of time to show up. The exposure to water can cause some of the electronics to corrode over time, which means that the device will appear to work normally initially, but will suddenly fail after a few weeks or months.
@_date: 2017-12-18 11:14:40


Multiple reasons. For one, many large service providers (exchanges, wallet services, etc...) push transaction fees to their users, so unless users demand SegWit, there is little incentive for these businesses to do the work. And with the current boom in users, any comments on this subject are easily drowned out by the general frenzy.
Some businesses did implement SegWit already. For example Bitstamp. One of the major exchanges and somewhat unique because it doesn't charge the customer a transaction fee when making a Bitcoin withdrawal (they pay for it themselves). They had a significant incentive to implement SegWit and they were also one of the first exchanges to do so.


There are no easy answers here. But it's important to realize that the current network congestion is largely caused by frenzy over the price increases. This year we've had lengthy periods where blocks weren't even full yet. Once the price mania slows down a bit, so will network traffic and then we can ride it out until LN, which will hopefully be Q1 2018.
Eventually a block size increase is inevitable, as even with LN there has to be enough on-chain capacity available. But such an increase should be implemented in a careful way and ideally alongside some other improvements that require a hardfork (so that multiple things can be tackled with a single hardfork).


It's hard to predict what'll happen precisely, but I imagine that there'll be a balance where blocks will still be mostly full or near full. People will likely prefer to transact on-chain, but will use the LN to avoid congestion or high fees. So when blocks start to become emptier and fees go down, you'll see more transactions moving from LN to on-chain and vice versa when blocks fill up again.


LN has no miners. LN transactions don't need confirmations, because they work differently from on-chain transactions. You can compare it with a bar-tab, but one that you've deposited money for in advance. When you order a drink, the charge gets added to the tab as long as the total doesn't exceed the amount deposited. Then at the end of the night, you settle the tab (close the LN channel). LN is conceptually similar to this, but then trustless and able to form networks to route payments (as opposed to just being one-on-one).


Unknown right now. Having a channel open requires you to commit some amount of funds to it. These funds can't be used for on-chain transactions. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 09:03:42
It's not. It's a scam that has "stolen" the B2X name, but the proposed fork is nothing like the original B2X fork.
@_date: 2017-12-13 12:21:22
Would you recommend Genesis trading this time as well, or only next time?
@_date: 2018-09-05 07:01:41
Bitcoin itself will be extremely difficult to kill, since its decentralized and permissionless nature makes it very robust.
However, the most effective way for governments to hurt Bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies) is to block the on- and offramps. They could ban all exchanges and similar services. Sure, Bitcoin itself would still function and there will still be a group of people using it, but without easy ways to exchange fiat money for Bitcoin, large scale adoption would never happen.
So while this wouldn't necessarily kill Bitcoin, it would keep it contained.
@_date: 2017-12-05 14:10:09
However, since BTC/EUR is often not leading the price-action, a sell-wall on the EUR markets doesn't mean much, because if BTC/USD pushes higher, you'll see arbitrageurs eating up that sell wall and pocket small profits from the discrepancy in prices.
It might be a bit different this time, because €10K is quite close to $12K, so both BTC pairs will be hitting psychological boundaries, and therefore sell walls, at more or less the same time.
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:02:35
Most miners will immediately start working on a new block when a block is received, before validating the block. They start working on an empty block, because they don't know which transactions they can include until the previous block has been verified.
Once the block has been verified, the pool can construct the new, full block to be mined. But in the intermediate period, an empty block is being worked on. Every now and then, the new block is found very quickly, resulting in an empty block. It's mostly harmless.
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:29:04
Andreas teaches, Ver does marketing. Unfortunately, the latter is far more effective.
@_date: 2017-12-04 12:28:12
Agreed. I don't get why people use blurring at all. Just draw a solid box on top of the sensitive information and it's gone for good. And it's easier to do than blurring.
@_date: 2017-12-04 15:18:56


Fees are calculated depending on how much "weight" a transaction adds to a block. And blocks have a maximum weight that they can be. Until this summer, the weight was simply a size (in bytes). The introduction of SegWit to Bitcoin made the weight calculation a little bit less simple, since parts of the transaction that add less to the computational cost of handling transactions is assigned a lower weight. But for the sake of clarity, it's still OK to think of weight as the size in bytes of a transaction.
Fees are set by the users when they make a transaction. A transaction contains one or more inputs that serve as the source of the coins and one or more outputs. The difference in total value of the inputs and total value of the outputs is what the miner can claim as fee.
Since space in a block is limited, miners will prioritize those transactions that pay the highest fee-per-byte (or these days: fee-per-weight-unit) in order to maximize their profits. Even when there aren't enough transactions to fill a block, miners tend to require some fee before adding a transaction to a block, because the more transactions in a block, the longer it takes to verify and the larger the chance that a competing block gets verified first (this effect is fairly small, but it's still there).
The size of the fee that you should set for speedy inclusion depends on the weight of your transaction, but also on how busy it is on the network. During peaks of activity, fees can spike, while during calmer periods, even very low fees can be sufficient.
@_date: 2017-12-26 08:36:27
Bitstamp is a good example of financial incentives driving SegWit adoption. Since Bitstamp doesn't charge any withdrawal fees and instead pays for transaction fees out of its own pocket, quick implementation of SegWit had an immediate effect on their bottom line. Consequently, they were one of the first major players to implement it.
@_date: 2017-12-15 14:40:35
But with that also comes a difference in team-size and available resources.
@_date: 2017-12-27 19:42:33
Craig Wright, a conman. He tried to convince people he was Satoshi at some point.
@_date: 2017-12-21 13:51:20
Most exchanges process withdrawal transactions in batches, so you'll have to wait for the next batch to go out.
You can use a block explorer website (blockchain.info for example) to keep track of things if you feel that the Ledger isn't showing the correct information.
@_date: 2017-12-04 17:30:34
The rate at which blocks are mined is updated periodically to the target rate of once per ten minutes. So even in the case of increased computational power, the block-rate will remain the same (approximately).
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:55:11
If suddenly many people start to sell, there won't be enough buyers at the current price. That means sellers will have to sell for lower prices, until a level is found where enough buyers are willing to jump in.
So while it's true that for every Bitcoin sold, there is also a Bitcoin bought, a surge in people trying to sell means that there'll be competition for the existing buy-orders, forcing sellers to accept lower and lower prices.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:39:28
Correct. If you stuff the money under your mattress or in a zero interest bank account, then you'll slowly lose money due to the box 3 tax (on top of purchasing power lost due to inflation). The tax code assumes that you store at least some of it in investments that, on average, yield considerably more than the tax.
The first 25K is completely exempted and above that there are multiple brackets, where the underlying assumption is that the more money you have, the larger the fraction is that you have invested in stocks (or equivalent) instead of held on a savings account. So the tax percentage of the top bracket reflects the higher expected income from stock investments.
@_date: 2017-12-27 09:29:01


Marketing. How do you think Dogecoin got so popular (for a while)? Dogecoin was a rather effortless clone of Litecoin (which itself was a fork of Bitcoin, but with some changes).
@_date: 2017-12-11 07:42:30
Not entirely. A margin call is a request from your broker to deposit additional margin funds or close the position manually. This would typically happen by the broker calling the client on the phone and informing the client about the situation. Hence the term "margin call". The forced liquidation comes if after the margin call the price moves further against your position and no additional funds were deposited.
These days, with online platforms allowing traders to monitor their position 24/7, the actual margin call has more or less gone away (some platforms may show a warning on the website or perhaps send an email, but that's it) and the term margin call is being used instead of the term forced liquidation. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:47:06
Merchants can immediately forward their LN transactions to an exchange. Lightning Networks are mesh networks, so as long as the exchange is somewhere in the same network, forwarding it will be easy. It's even likely that exchanges will run large, well-connected hubs themselves.
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:44:54
1. A HW wallet is like a tiny equivalent of an offline cold wallet. It has a secure chip that holds the private key. There is no way that this chip is able to broadcast this private key, ever. (assuming there are no bugs, of course) All it can do is take an unsigned transaction, sign it and send it back. But to do that, it first requires the user to physically press a button to confirm the operation.
2. First, get the money out of Coinbase while you're not planning on selling (but I assume that your first question implies that you're already working on this). Next, make sure your account has a high enough verification status to access Gdax. Gdax is the exchange owned and operated by Coinbase. You get much better rates buying and selling there and transferring funds between your Coinbase and Gdax accounts is free and instant. However, you may need to do additional identity verification, because Gdax is typically a bit more strict.
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:39:30
A business wants money. Because they want to grow. Or because the maker of the business wants to buy a big boat. To get his money, the business will sell parts of itself to other people. You can buy part of the business. If you do, when the business makes money, you get some money.
Or in slightly less childish language: An ICO is like an IPO, a stock issuing event. ICO-tokens are essentially shares in some kind of crypto-related startup. There are variations to this theme, in some cases the ICO-token (share) also serves a double duty as currency on the platform that will be developed. But essentially going an ICO is simply selling shares.
Often at very much inflated values. During the peak of the ICO-hype earlier this year, some startups were selling for tens of millions of Dollars worth of tokens without even having a minimally viable product or prototype. Just a nice looking whitepaper and a flashy website. Even if such a project is completely legitimate and run by qualified and motivated developers, you don't need advance funding that is enough to keep dozens of people employed for a lifetime.
@_date: 2017-12-22 09:48:13
HOLDed since $100 in 2013. Still more HODLing to do.
@_date: 2017-12-14 07:31:31
There's no need to buy another wallet. The seed format is standardized and there are software wallets that support it as well.
Ledger has a page that allows you to input your seed and generate the keys / addresses derived from it. You can use this to verify that the addresses generated by the webpage match those generated by the device. For security reasons, you should download this webpage take it to an offline computer before you enter your seed.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:35:32
Basically, Bitcoins count towards your equity, along with fiat-currencies, stocks and other investments. You pay a percentage of your total equity (after the €25K deduction for singles), with value determined on 01-01-2017. This percentage is independent of the gains made (realized or unrealized).
Unlike other countries that tax capital gains, the Netherlands assumes an average return on investment and derives a tax based on that. This essentially turns it into a tax on your wealth. 
If your money is all in a savings account on the bank, this scheme sucks for you because the assumed average returns are higher than what you've made.
If your money is in stuff with a very high ROI (such as Bitcoin), then you're paying far less than you would've paid in a country that taxes actual gains rather than hypothetical average gains estimates.
@_date: 2017-12-05 14:06:57
Coinbase charges a premium over the spot price. So it'll always list prices a bit higher than what you can get on exchanges. A better price estimate can be had by looking at exchange prices. If you want to stay close to Coinbase, you can look at Gdax, which is the exchange operated by Coinbase and what Coinbase uses to determine its own price.
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:00:48
Personally, I'm not against an increase of the blocksize, however your argument that it works fine for altcoins is not really valid, considering that their blocks are far from full. The potential problems with a larger blocksize will only occur when that extra space is being used consistently. Having a 1 GB blocksize while only 100 KB per block is used due to low transaction volume isn't proof of anything.
There are a number of problems with a quick increase of the blocksize:
- Rushing things is bad, because mistakes are fatal. There are large quantities of money invested in Bitcoin. Messing up something because a change had to be rushed could cause permanent damage.
- Only hardforking for blocksize is a waste of a hardfork. With the amount effort that goes into preparing the community for a hardfork, it would be wasteful to only change the blocksize. There are a number of items on the "hardfork wishlist", things that would be nice to have, but require a hardfork. If a hardfork is to be done, then it would be best to bundle as many of these features as possible. But that requires work to be done on them.
- A hardfork requires everyone to upgrade. That takes a lot of time and political dealing. In order for the transition to be smooth, everyone should be running updated software. Among the many different public clients and proprietary or modified installations  for businesses, the work to prepare for a hardfork is considerable and time has to be taken to do this right. BCash didn't need a long time to prepare because it was meant to exist in parallel with Bitcoin. Which is why even now you're seeing some services (e.g. Coinbase) finally implement BCash wallet software. A Bitcoin hardfork would aim to be completely non-contentious, not leaving behind a legacy-chain that develops on its own. And for that everyone needs to upgrade.
A much more sensible improvement would be for large businesses to implement SegWit functionality. This would reduce the transaction weight and therefore the fee they pay. And with the transaction weight being lower, more transactions would fit into a block, further pushing down the fees.
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:01:05


Small correction, because things are a bit more complicated. The public key is not what you give out to receive Bitcoin, that is the public address. The public address (or simply "address") is a hash of the public key, with some metadata attached.
There are 3 components to each key/address: the private key, the public key and the public address. Each is linked to the next in the sequence via irreversible cryptography.
@_date: 2017-12-05 14:25:23


The blocksize has been increased already in a somewhat opaque way. But the catch is that this increase can only be used by using SegWit transactions. Many large actors haven't upgraded their software yet and are therefore sending needlessly expensive transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-21 12:07:54
LN is, at its core, a point-to-point system. Alice opens a channel to Bob. To do so, an on-chain transaction has to be submitted (and the mining fee paid). Once Alice has an open channel to Bob, she can transact with all nodes that Bob has an open channel with, and all nodes that have an open channel to nodes that Bob has an open channel with, etc... This forms the network that allows Alice to transact with many other people.
If Bob goes offline, Alice can no longer use the channel to Bob and is forced to open a new channel to someone else and once more incur the mining fee in order to keep using the LN. Therefore, Alice will prefer to open channels to nodes she considers to be highly reliable.
If you're frequently making a payment to a local store in your small town, do you open a channel directly with them, risking that they go out of business or even have random connection outages, or do you open a channel with a large exchange or other big business, that will almost always be available, and have your payments routed through them?
@_date: 2017-12-27 19:41:14
Because unlike bank accounts, bitcoin-transactions can't be blocked. In addition, while you may be able to view the full transaction history, there is no way to tell which address belongs to which person without some form of outside information.
However, blockchain forensics has become pretty advanced and researchers are able to analyze sets of transactions to determine with high degree of certainty which addresses belong to the same person. And if the user makes one mistake that causes one of his addresses to be linked to his identity, he can be caught. Now that the authorities have caught up, Bitcoin isn't all that great for criminal purposes anymore.
@_date: 2017-12-05 14:32:26


If you want those selling points, you can use Litecoin. It has a larger on-chain capacity (1 MB blocks, but every 2.5 minutes instead of every 10 minutes, so equivalent to 4 MB Bitcoin blocks), but it also includes technological advances like SegWit.
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:14:06
People got rekt on Bitmex, not on CBOE. CBOE has a 44% margin requirement, which means your max leverage is only about 2:1. You need far more than a 10% move to get rekt with that.
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:39:24
What measures? Bitcoin is not a protected trademark, there is no "Bitcoin Company" that has the standing to sue. In a decentralized economy, things like this are inevitable. It's up to the users to call them out.
@_date: 2017-12-21 12:53:17
And to companies like Coinbase that haven't implemented SegWit, causing them to take up far more block-space than necessary.
@_date: 2015-12-14 14:34:06
There's a difference between not having a claim on the island and recognizing it as an independent nation. If the island would be a recognized nation, it would have it's own territorial waters which would highly inconvenient for the inhabitants of Madeira, since the island is just off the coast near a major harbour in Madeira.
Portugal most likely doesn't care what the guy does with his little island and is happy to let him play out his little kingdom fantasy. But they will probably block any request for the island to be recognized as a sovereign nation.
And lets be realistic, most suburban houses have more livable surface area than this "nation".
@_date: 2015-12-14 08:21:47
This wikipedia article refers to a municipality on the Portugese mainland, not the island that this thread is about.
The actual "island nation" is significantly smaller (apparently about 400 m^2 ) and I have not been able to find a wikipedia article on it.
@_date: 2015-12-14 08:19:22
It's not a nation though. It's an island with a self-declared population of 4. You have to stretch the notion of 'nation' very far to be able to include this island.
@_date: 2015-12-14 08:23:18
The island is about the size of a house and has 4 inhabitants. Have fun emigrating there ^^
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:25:14
Very little, most likely.
A hardfork such as this will most likely be implemented to take place at some point in the future. In terms of code, something such as:
    if (blockHeight &gt; 12345678)
    {
        maxBlockSize = 20000000;
    }
    else
    {
        maxBlockSize = 1000000;
    }
where 12345678 would be replaced with the number of some block a few months from the release date of the software. All users then have plenty of time to upgrade and discuss the finer points of the change and both versions can coexist just fine during that time. It would even be possible to undo or alter the change by releasing a new version before the threshold-block.
This means that by the time the actual change happens, the new version of the software will have been out for some time already and everyone will have had time to upgrade. In addition, discussion would've probably ended by then. Any effect on the price will have been priced in.
The only thing that could have an effect in the short term is if something unexpected goes wrong due to a bug in the code. But that's always possible with a new version. In the long term, the hardfork will allow for more widespread adoption, so that could have a positive effect on the price.
@_date: 2015-12-14 08:59:39
That's extremely hypothetical. They won't get nationhood. Portugal won't allow it as it would cause some complications having a sovereign nation in one of their harbour areas. And the rest of the world simply doesn't care, so Portugal can just say "guys, say no plz, thx!" and the rest of the world (with the exception of some fringe nations) will be like "ok, whatever".
@_date: 2017-12-21 13:12:11
This idea has been suggested before and while it sounds logical, it's very hard to properly implement it.
A good mining algorithm needs to have the following properties:
1) It's hard to compute the solution, but easy to verify once the solution as been computed.
2) The computation and the final outcome have to depend on the contents of the block.
3) The difficulty of the computation has to be flexible.
The reason for 1) is that while mining should take effort, verifying a block that has been transmitted should be as easy as possible, because fast verification means faster propagation of new blocks. For many forms of useful computation, it's hard to verify quickly that the result is correct. How do you quickly verify the rendering of a 3D scene? And how about a scientific simulation? Often in these cases, verification can only be done by redoing the original work and checking that the outcome is the same. But this won't work for cryptocurrency mining.
Item 2) is important because a fundamental property of Bitcoin and other blockchain-currencies is that if someone makes a change to the contents of a block, then he has to redo the mining effort or the block will be invalid. For this, the contents of the mining effort should be directly linked with the contents of the block. This property makes it very difficult to connect mining with "useful" computation, because most of the time, you're not able to adjust the content of the computation.
Item 3) is important because the network should keep a relatively constant rate of block-production even when new miners join or old miners leave. While this item is probably not the biggest hurdle in using some practical computation for mining, there are probably some examples of useful computational problems that aren't that easily tuned in difficulty.
Now, there are certain cryptocurrencies that do claim to have a useful mining algorithm. But often the "useful computation" is performed as a side-project to whatever it is that actually secures the blockchain. That is, there is a mechanism to secure the blockchain (whether that be PoW, PoS or something else) and next to that, there's an incentive-system where users are rewarded with coins for having their computer work on certain problems.
In this case, the useful computation that is being performed doesn't actually benefit the security of the blockchain and the cryptocurrency would function just as well if that whole component was removed.
As an additional concern, some of these cryptocurrencies have a central authority (usually the organisation performing the research that the computation is being done for) check the validity of the work and assign credit. Having such a central authority undermined one of the key aspects of cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2015-06-01 13:47:20
The maximum block size (it's a maximum, blocks may be smaller) puts a limit on the amount of transactions that can be included in a block. Since blocks are added every 10 minutes on average, this determines the maximum transaction rate of the network.
Increasing the maximum block size would allow for larger blocks and more transactions to be included, which is important if Bitcoin is to gain more widespread adoption.
Opponents of the idea of increasing the maximum block size state that with an increased maximum block size, the requirements on bandwidth and storage space for running a node will increase, which will make it more difficult for individuals to run a full node and which might harm the decentralized nature of the network.
However, increasing the maximum block size doesn't immediately increase the the actual size of the blocks. Most blocks don't reach the 1 MB limit today, they won't suddenly be much larger if the limit is 20 MB instead of 1 MB. The average size of blocks should increase gradually as Bitcoin becomes more widely used. But with storage space of harddisks still growing steadily, it is expected that even with increased block sizes, it will remain affordable to operate a Bitcoin node.
Alternatives to raising the block size limit that are being mentioned regularly are so-called offchain solutions, where a large part of the transactions are processed internally by a single party and the blockchain itself is primarily used for bulk settlements. However, this setup also threatens the decentralized nature as the parties that broker the offchain transactions have control over who gets to do what, just like banks do now.
Another proposed solution is the concept of sidechains. With sidechains, there exist several coexisting blockchains with different rules and properties that are linked to the Bitcoin blockchain and where one can exchange coins on a sidechain for bitcoins and vice versa. This however doesn't really reduce the storage space requirement, it only moves some of the load from the main Bitcoin blockchain to the sidechains, but these need to be stored regardless (and ideally by as many people as possible to ensure the system remains decentralized). An added bit of controversy is that some of the Bitcoin Core developers are employed by Blockstream, the company behind the concept of sidechains.
Finally, there are those that agree with the need to increase the maximum block size, but have different ideas as to what it should be increased to and if there should be automatic periodic increases (for example +10% every year) or not.
@_date: 2018-08-28 10:29:20
Disagreement over block size? Didn't they recently fork it to 32 MB? How big do they want it to be?
@_date: 2018-08-29 09:29:39


This is a way too complicated and risky approach to profiting from a 51% attack. Since it's extremely likely that a sustained 51% attack would completely erode trust in a currency, an attacker could simply open up large short positions on several exchanges, then perform the attack in a very public way and profit from the steep drop in price.
@_date: 2018-05-05 08:58:04
Yes, you are mistaken. It was always about the typo. The "hold on for dear life" is just something that some people made up (a "backronym"), but it's not that commonly used.
HODL is HODL, and nothing more.
@_date: 2018-08-06 12:56:42
With the hashrate generally being on an increasing trajectory, it seems a bit pointless to report records. Because there'll probably be a new record to report tomorrow and then another the day after, etc... It's not even a "special" value that was reached.
@_date: 2018-08-28 07:56:57
Tether lives on top of the Bitcoin blockchain (using the Omni protocol), so every Tether transaction is just a Bitcoin transaction crafted in a specific way. That's why the receiving platform, the poker website, credited you with a tiny amount. They received a transaction that to them looked like a tiny Bitcoin transfer.
In order to properly recognize and use the Tether, they need to use a wallet that works with Tether. However, it may not be very easy to integrate such a wallet into their existing software platform.
Ultimately, you're 100% dependent on what the poker website is willing/able to do. If they don't want to cooperate, then you're out of luck.
@_date: 2018-09-09 12:30:52
The whole forced liquidation is the system preventing you from losing that much. At 100x leverage, you only put up 1% of the size of your position, so with rapid market movements you may be down far more than what you have in your account. Most platforms will automatically close your position before this happens, since they don't really have a good way to collect their funds if they just leave the position deep in the red.
@_date: 2018-08-28 10:10:55
Can you give a quick summary of what they're going on about? I read things about Craig Wright wanting to fork the chain and something to do with patents, but the whole story isn't clear from that sub.
@_date: 2018-08-08 11:45:59
Most of it is still manual work. You can easily check post counts by simply looking at user profiles at the start and end of each payment cycle. Then you quickly scroll through the posts to get an idea of how many are substantial enough.
@_date: 2018-08-06 13:26:33


So we should have a report on a new hashrate record every week? Or every day?


Completely different things. Many sports don't see their records broken every Olympic game. If you look at [track and field world records]( you'll note that many are 10 years old and some 20 years or more even. 
A world record at a sports event is news, because it's a rare event. On the other hand, Bitcoin hashrate is constantly growing both because hardware is still improving and because Bitcoin is increasing in popularity. For something that is constantly growing, having today's score be higher than yesterday's isn't special, it's the order of the day.
@_date: 2018-05-01 11:14:20
The tldr that people are asking for: This proposal aims to address an issue with LN where a user could broadcast an old version of the settlement-transaction to the network, rather than the latest version. LN combats this by including a timelock on unilateral settlements and offering the opposite party to claim all funds in the channel when someone attempts to broadcast an old channel state.
This article proposes a new solution where each update of a channel has a sequence number and this sequence is binding.
The proposal would require a soft fork which would have relatively small impact on those not updating.
@_date: 2018-08-08 12:47:31
Those are probably just the post counts of the user at the start and end of a campaign period. You can see a users post count on their profile page (click on their username).
Campaign managers just go through the list of users that are part of the campaign once a week / month / whatever the length of a payment cycle is. They note down post counts and that's that. Afterwards, they may or may not do a manual check to see if a user's posts are legitimate or just spam.
@_date: 2018-05-14 11:48:48
If Bitcoin becomes a widely used technology, then the current price is far too low to accommodate a large number of users. Since the number of bitcoins is limited to 21 million (and some of those are lost forever) and the total value of actively circulating coins needs to be large enough to accommodate the total economic activity, bitcoin has to have a certain minimum price. What price that is exactly, is unknown, but it's certainly higher than what we've got.
However, if Bitcoin fails to become widely used and either remains a niche product or eventually falls into disuse (either because cryptocurrency as a whole fails or because it is supplanted by a competitor), then it's very possible for the long term price-prospects to be very bleak. And in that case, the greater fool theory may apply.
Ultimately, it boils down to how much you believe in the technology in general and the specific implementation of it that is Bitcoin. Do you think that it will grow to widespread use or not?
@_date: 2018-05-14 12:48:38
SegWit-transactions aren't smaller than legacy transactions. With SegWit-transactions, certain parts of the transaction (the signature / witness) are considered to have a lower "weight" than other parts, for the purposes of fee calculation and block size limits. But the size of the transaction in bytes remains unchanged.
@_date: 2018-05-03 09:25:47
The satoshi is the core unit of the Bitcoin protocol. Under the hood, all amounts are expressed in satoshis and there is no such thing as a bitcoin unit. The "bitcoin" unit is just an arbitrary label used because expressing amounts in satoshis would require numbers that were a bit too unwieldy.
@_date: 2018-05-11 04:39:34


B.V. could point towards the Netherlands, as it is the Dutch equivalent of a LLC.
@_date: 2014-02-20 10:07:11
Initiated a withdrawal at 10:44 CET, that just hit the blockchain.
tx-id: 
@_date: 2018-05-14 08:26:48
But why do we have to push it? The functionality is available for all to use, but people are free to choose not to use it. Right now, the advantages of using SegWit are relatively small.
When the time comes that blocks start to fill up and fees rise again, people will automatically shun services that are forced to charge higher fees because of lacking SegWit adoption.
@_date: 2018-05-18 12:14:40


Traditional water heater, sure. Replace with a miner and get the same amount of heat per kWh with the benefit of mining income.
But heat pumps are considerably more efficient than traditional heaters. For each Joule of electrical energy, a heat pump could provide 3-4 J of heating.
@_date: 2018-05-14 11:37:07
Bl3p never supported trading or depositing BCH. They merely credited the users after the fork and offered the option to withdraw the funds. I don't see why anyone would've kept their BCH on the exchange to begin with as the only valid reason to keep funds on an exchange it to trade with it.
@_date: 2018-08-27 07:58:55
Market cap is a nonsense number in this context (and in many other contexts). Most of the coins that make up this market cap rarely or never move. What matters is the daily trade volume and while this volume is still reasonably large, a 280 million sell order would cause a big reaction if not handled carefully.
@_date: 2018-05-14 11:39:39
Bl3p never supported trading or depositing BCH. They only credited account holders after the fork and offered withdrawals of those balances. You can't support an ever shrinking group of people (the people with a non-zero BCH balance on this exchange) forever and a hardfork is a good opportunity to pull the plug.
The people affected by this are people who have had their BCH balance on Bl3p, where the only thing they could do with it is withdraw, for 9 months and never did anything with it.
@_date: 2018-05-08 11:53:54
Sure it does. If futures are priced significantly below spot, you'll have Bitcoin holders selling their coins and people opening shorts on spot markets (exchanges like Bitfinex, Kraken, etc...) while simultaneously going long on the futures. This arbitrage action drives down the spot price of Bitcoin.
The only difference that the cash settlement makes compared to actual delivery of the underlying is that the arbitrageurs will have to buy their Bitcoin back on the spot markets. But as long as the futures price is below the spot price (after correcting for the time value of money and market fees), this arbitrage action will be profitable and will work to bring the two prices closer together.
@_date: 2018-05-30 12:55:45
Yes, the old address is still valid.
Wallets generate a new address after each transaction, because this is better for your privacy. Since all transactions are visible to everyone, reusing an address provides people seeking to spy on you with more information.
Whether you consider this an important issue or not is completely up to you. Technically, there's nothing preventing you from reusing an address.
@_date: 2018-05-08 11:58:11
Shorting is most definitely selling. You just don't have to own the asset you're selling as you borrow it from another party (for which you pay them a lending fee). Opening a short position on an exchange has the exact same market effect as doing a regular sell order on that same exchange.
The main difference for the market is that a short position eventually has to be closed through a buy order of the same amount (or the borrower has to obtain the assets in some other way than buying on the market), whereas a "pure" sell order will not necessarily be followed up by a buy order at a later stage.
@_date: 2018-08-28 22:15:20
You could never divide the kbps rate by 8 to obtain the kB/s speed. These dialup modems had a considerable amount of overhead, error correction, etc... So in order to properly transmit 1 byte, more than 8 bits had to be sent. A ratio of 1:10 was commonly used for estimates and that was fairly accurate.
@_date: 2018-08-31 07:21:26


But how? According to the BitMex post, most of their liquid assets were invested into BCH and they are either running a loss or only a very small profit. So there's no money to prop up BCH.
They could use IPO money, but it's going to take quite a bit of time before their IPO is done and even then, using investor money to artificially pump the price of your own failed investments is probably seriously frowned upon or worse. While the crypto-world is bound by very few regulations, Bitmain is seeking money in the fiat-world and will have to play by their rules.
@_date: 2018-05-23 09:49:38
It's not as simple as that. The model you described is true if nodes only use the default networking features of the Bitcoin software. But miners and other large players currently use an alternative network that is optimized for low-latency block transmissions. This network is called [FIBRE](
Thanks to FIBRE, miners will become aware of new blocks very rapidly.
@_date: 2018-05-01 14:18:55
What is there to explain? The "unknown" simply means that blockchain.info wasn't able to identify the miner. It's not mandatory for miners to include identification and if they do, there's no standard way for miners to identify themselves. They stuff some extra data with their name / website / something else in the block, but it's up to block explorer websites to try and make sense of it. This doesn't always work automatically.
The fact that it only contains 13 transactions is not surprising considering it was mined only 6 seconds after the previous block (approximately).
@_date: 2018-05-08 12:17:46
That depends. What would you be able to do with the power if you didn't use it for mining? In some countries, producers of solar power can deliver their excess power to the grid and sell it to the power company. In that case, you can estimate the effective power cost of mining using the price you'd get per kWh sold. You have to add the deprecation and maintenance costs of the solar panels to this estimate of course.
If there's no way to sell the power back to the grid, then you can estimate whether or not solar is worth it by simply looking at the deprecation and maintenance costs of the panels (and the cost of the mining hardware of course) compared to the expected mining revenue.
@_date: 2014-02-15 09:00:35
Copy/paste from the linked PDF:


































@_date: 2018-05-14 13:19:08
@_date: 2014-02-12 15:29:25
Licensing and regulation has apparently taken Kraken a lot more time in the US than it did in Europe. And some states (or at least CA) still haven't been arranged yet. Add to that the fact that there is a lot less competition for EUR-exchanges. The landscape in Europe is Gox (lol), BTC-e (bad deposit/withdrawal fees), Bitcoin.de (not a full exchange, more like Localbitcoins) and Kraken basically. Kraken has by far the best cards when it comes to EUR markets.
@_date: 2018-05-01 14:32:54
A crucial component of the blockchain is missing. Take this part:


How does the majority "reach consensus"? The problem of decentralized consensus is the critical problem that Bitcoin (and blockchain in general) solves.
If you have an isolated node that adheres to a different version of the protocol, then that node is quickly isolated since the updates it forwards are not transmitted by other nodes if it breaks the majority protocol. However, if there are 2 non-negligible sets of nodes and each set is well connected, you get into a situation where each set continuously tries to forward a chain that is invalid to the other set.
Furthermore, only relying on nodes to determine the valid state of the chain leaves you open to Sybil attacks.
Anyway, mining is a crucial component of the blockchain (at least in the way that Bitcoin uses it) and that's left out of the explanation, as you already remarked.
I don't think blockchain technology is very ELI5-compatible, as smart as some 5 year olds are. And that's OK. Not everything in the world can easily be dumbed down to a low enough level while still retaining accuracy and correctness. It's also not necessary for someone to know how a blockchain works, it's far more important that people know what the properties and advantages of a blockchain are. And that is something that you can relatively easily ELI5.
@_date: 2018-05-14 09:07:32
Sure, but that's primarily because of the size of the conference has increased. The more people present, the less practical it is to discuss tech matters, because there's less opportunity to go into details and the minimum level of knowledge that you can count on goes down.
I've been in academia and visited a number of conferences. The smaller ones were always much better for discussing the actual science, while the latter ones were primarily for networking and pushing for name recognition. In an environment where business and money plays a large role (like Bitcoin), this discrepancy between small-scale gatherings and large events will probably be even bigger.
@_date: 2018-05-14 08:42:39
I think that the tech/dev people tend to hang out more in online environments and arrange face-to-face meetups if and when needed. Large scale conferences are fairly useless for hammering out technical details. They're good for making sales pitches and networking.
@_date: 2018-05-04 10:04:13


This is nonsense. There is no way to secretly edit the blockchain, because the entire blockchain is public. What a 51%+ share of the hashrate allows you to do is completely prevent other miners from contributing and/or select which transactions you allow into the blockchain.
Those actions only apply to future blocks and transactions and they're pretty easy to spot, so we'd know if Bitmain started doing it.
Having &gt;50% of the hashrate for a longer period of time allows you to, theoretically, undo past transactions and/or blocks. The further back you want to go, the more effort it takes. However, this process requires you to mine on a private copy of the blockchain (forked from the current chain at some earlier point) until your fork becomes longer than the active chain at which point you broadcast your longer fork.
Such an action would also be immediately recognizable, since it requires you to pull all your hashrate out of the main chain, causing blatantly obvious drop. And it still only allows you to undo past transactions, not steal coins.
In order to steal coins from wallets, an attacker has to create transactions that are invalid to all other nodes. Other participants in the network would immediately notice it if this would happen.
Any attempt to exploit a 51% attack would likely result in a large and permanent loss of confidence in Bitcoin, plummeting the price. Since commercial miners have there revenues depending on the Bitcoin price, it would likely be business suicide to do this (this doesn't apply to state actors that are out to kill Bitcoin).
51% attacks are a serious concern, but the doomsday scenario you've outlined is completely wrong. Even with a majority hashrate, what you're able to do is very limited. And more importantly: any hostile action would be visible to other participants, meaning you only get 1 shot at doing something.
@_date: 2018-05-04 10:05:24
No, they can't. 51% attacks are limited in what they can do and will always be bad for business, but useful for hostile actors that want to sabotage Bitcoin.
See my other post for more details: 
@_date: 2018-05-04 13:59:16
Such an amount will be hard to sell for cash in one go. Your best bet would be to simply sell smaller amounts using services like LocalBitcoins. If you're willing to travel, you should be able to get rid of it more rapidly.
@_date: 2018-05-14 08:24:38
Bitcoin is a permissionless system. That doesn't just apply to individuals, but also to companies. If big banks want to get involved in Bitcoin, then they're welcome to.
And even in a cryptocurrency-future, banks still have a role to play. One the one hand as guardians of peoples funds. Bitcoin promotes the "be your own bank" mantra, but lets face it: Most people do not want to be their own bank, nor do they have the capabilities to do so securely. Digital security is a complicated subject and most people don't have the skills required to properly secure their funds. This is where banks have a role to play.
Secondly, banks greatly improve the efficiency of lending and borrowing. These two things aren't going to go away and having a central point to mediate the two sides will benefit efficiency.
A cryptocurrency-future will not be without banks. But the fact that not doing business with any bank will be a viable option for people should create a drive for banks to adapt their business practices.
@_date: 2018-08-27 12:05:37
I wouldn't be surprised if the price floats around aimlessly for a while longer. Keep in mind that after the Nov/Dec 2013 rally, a proper recovery didn't start until somewhere in 2015, which eventually paved the way for the events of 2017.
While we'd all like for a new rally that surpasses the 2017 one to start sooner rather than later, I don't think it'd be weird if the price keeps on doing what it's been doing for a while.
@_date: 2018-05-29 11:11:02
It doesn't.
@_date: 2014-02-19 16:46:20
On an exchange, people can place 2 types of orders (basically): Limit and market orders.
A limit order says "I want to buy (sell) X amount of Bitcoin for at most (at least) price Y". For example: A limit order to buy 3 BTC for at most €450. All limit orders are added to the so-called orderbook, which contains the list of all outstanding bid (buy) orders and ask (sell) orders. If there is an overlap between the buy and sell orders, a trade is made and Bitcoins are exchanged. So if there's a buy order for 2 Bitcoins at €450 in the orderbook and I place a sell order for 1 Bitcoin at €450 (or lower), my Bitcoin is sold to the buyer for €450 and his open order is reduced in size. Limit orders can stay in the orderbook for arbitrary amounts of time or until the owner cancels them. If I place a buy-order for €1, chances are it'll always stay in the books.
The second type of order, market order, is an order to simply buy (sell) X amount of Bitcoins for the best available price. So if I place a market buy order, the exchange walks through the lowest available sell orders and fills them in until the required amount has been bought for me. Large market orders can therefore move the price considerably if there aren't many counter-orders in the orderbook.
So the price is determined by the addition, removal and execution of orders in this orderbook. The exchange itself has no official role in determining the price, it simply mediates between buyers and sellers.
Now a price gap may occur for various reasons. If a large sell order is executed on one exchange, the price will drop there, but not on other exchanges. People can try and take advantage of such price differences by buying at one location and simultaneously selling at another. This is called arbitrage.
MtGox is a special snowflake in this, because right now it's not possible to get either fiat-currencies or Bitcoins out in a timely manner (or at all). So while you could buy a Bitcoin on MtGox for €200, you can't withdraw it to another location. And some people believe that MtGox is insolvent, that is, that they don't have enough funds to pay back everyones account balance.
In an efficient market, where it is easy and fast to withdraw and deposit, price differences between exchanges only exist for small periods of time. Any time you see a large price difference that remains for a longer period, you should wonder what the cause is.
@_date: 2018-05-14 08:14:56
Right now, that incentive isn't that big since fees are rather low. Except for a peak every now and then, the mempool is almost always below 5 MB, and often below 2 MB. And fees are almost always &lt;10 sat/byte, with 1 sat/byte transactions making it into blocks all the time.
With fees this low, the advantage of SegWit is very small, so there's little incentive to switch right now. However, if we get a repeat of last year, where fees went way north of 100 sat/byte, services that haven't adopted SegWit by then will lose out.
@_date: 2014-07-27 15:47:06
Why on earth would I lend out BTC interest-free? Yes, I can expect my BTC to be worth more when I receive it back, but this will also be the case if I keep the BTC in my cold wallet.
So why take the risk of lending out the coins if there's no advantage over just keeping them yourself?
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:52:53
As clarification: Previously Bitstamps API worked by the user/bot/whatever requesting data such as the orderbook or trade history and Bitstamp answering. A websocket allows a program to "listen in" on a channel where the server (Bitstamp) posts updates.
This allows for much more responsive and up-to-date data without overloading Bitstamps servers with request-spam. MtGox had a websocket API and it was one of the few advantages it had over some of the other exchanges.
@_date: 2014-02-26 12:21:34
If he's French, then why hasn't he surrendered yet?
@_date: 2014-05-28 10:02:33
No, that's a different douche (nickname RealSolid, real name is yet unknown).
@_date: 2018-05-18 12:12:03
No, not by definition. Proof-of-Work requires miners to put some sort of asset or resource on the line so that they have skin in the game. This resource doesn't have to be power, it could be something else. Currently, power is the most straightforward approach, which is why Bitcoin's PoW is simple, yet secure. But it's not excluded that the future will bring wildly different PoW systems that rely on power as much.
@_date: 2018-05-14 08:07:56
That's what I like about Bitcoin. Many shitcoins use flashy presentations, tout all the "partnerships" they have and the people on their foundation/board/whatever.
Bitcoin just delivers the tech and lets people play with it. No need for formal partnerships and if people want to become an "advisor", then the GitHub page is open for comments.
@_date: 2014-03-12 22:11:30
With Shamir's Secret Sharing algorithm, any attacker that has obtained all but one of the required fragments of the secret still has to bruteforce a search-space of the same size of the original secret.
With your approach, an attacker that has obtained secret-parts from one of the parties only needs to bruteforce 33 of the 99 base-6 digits. Shamir's Secret Sharing algorithm ensures that an attacker can obtain no information about the secret by obtaining some of the parts.
For this specific application, a set of 33 base-6 digits is still well beyond bruteforcing at this point, so the difference between the two approaches is academic for now. But if you want to set up an optimal method, using SSS is preferable.
@_date: 2014-02-27 07:22:59
There weren't that many Bitcoins in existence in june 2011? What are you smoking?
Bitcoins were released at a rate of 50 per ~10 minutes since the Genesis block until the reward-halving that happened in 2012, or 300 per hour, 7200 per day, 2.6M coins per year. June 2011 is almost 2.5 years after the Genesis block was mined (3rd of january 2009), so more than 6M coins were in existence at that time.
@_date: 2014-03-12 22:29:10
It's going to be a bit tougher to sell the standard 'lower fees for merchants' pitch, since iDeal already works quite well compared to systems like credit cards. Though Bitcoin still has the fee-advantage typically. And that is through the use of payment-processors that convert to fiat. Once business can start paying suppliers and personnel (partially) in Bitcoin, the fee-advantage will increase.
I think it would be good to stress the ease and speed of payments internationally. The Netherlands is big on international trade and while SEPA is a nice step forward for EU-based financial transactions, it's still slow and painful compared with instant transactions and fast confirmations with Bitcoin.
For the payment-processing story, you should try and get someone from Bitonic to speak. They have their own BitPay-esque payment-processing service. I don't know how big that part of their operation is, but in general Bitonic is a pretty big player in the Euro-denominated Bitcoin-world, despite only serving the Netherlands and Belgium.
A speaker to talk about future possibilities such as distributed stock ledgers, programmable transactions with Bitcoin or a followup network such as Ethereum, would be nice, but you should be careful not to make it too technical. Business exec's tend to not want to hear the nitty gritty details, but rather the applications and the benefits thereof.
There aren't any big success stories of Dutch businesses accepting Bitcoin, so you should probably focus on international ones. Overstock.com is a good one, since its CEO is a big supporter of Bitcoin and they've generated some pretty decent revenue with Bitcoin. NewEgg has done well too and they've announced recently that they're expanding to Europe (UK confirmed, the rest not yet).
Finally, the legality of Bitcoin is important to stress. Businesses typically don't like doing things that are obviously illegal. In the Netherlands, there are no actual laws concerning virtual currencies in particular, but the finance minister has responded to questions from the Tweede Kamer by stating that Bitcoins are considered to have value (and are therefore subject to taxation just like stocks, high-priced art, precious metals are, at least in theory), but that Bitcoin is not considered a currency, so the AFM (Autoriteit Financiele Markten) has no authority on Bitcoin-related affairs and their rules do not apply to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-20 11:56:24
The important thing you're missing is that you don't need to store your coins in an online wallet with some unknown business. You can store them on your PC, on your smartphone or print them on a piece of paper, which you can then toss in a safe.
MtGox was just one company in the Bitcoin ecosystem. A large one, granted, but far from irreplaceable. In fact, by the time they went out of business, they had already lost most of the market share that they once enjoyed. Whether they went out of business due to hacking, due to bugs or due to fraudulent behaviour by the owners is unknown, but ultimately doesn't matter for Bitcoin as a whole.
Bitcoin as a decentralized payment system was never affected by the problems at MtGox. It still functions just as well as a year ago.
@_date: 2014-02-19 16:19:29
It is possible to detect whether a transaction has an input that is not yet confirmed. Blockchain.info already does this and puts a little notice with transactions that have this property. While I don't know precisely what safety measures Coinbase and BitPay have, there are ways to detect transactions that can potentially be abused in this way.
But another matter is actually getting the altered transaction included in a block instead of the original. The attack you propose involves first sending a regular transaction, then making a payment on some website (using an output from the original transaction) and then broadcasting a modified version of the original transaction.
But unless you have a deal with a mining pool, the probability is very high that miners will reject your modified transaction, because it arrives considerably later. So you'd have to collaborate with a mining pool, which risks its reputation, just to be able to effectively double-spend a transaction that is cheap enough that the merchant will accept a 0-conf payment. That's not worth the effort. Or at least not more so than doing a regular double-spend attempt.
Finally, thanks for the tips, but since I live quite comfortably, I will pass them on to a charity that helps those people that don't live as well:
@_date: 2014-04-21 11:34:01


Using the examples from your image, distributed decentralized is the best description. Each full Bitcoin node is considered equal and the software will attempt to connect to any available nodes it can find.
Of course, some services such as block explorers (like blockchain.info) or mining pools will reconfigured their Bitcoin software to connect to a much larger number of nodes, making them somewhat more of a focal point in the network, but they still function the same as any other node.
@_date: 2018-05-08 11:46:15
None of these rich people have very much fiat currency (compared to their total wealth). Most of their wealth is in stocks, real estate and other assets. If Bitcoin (or any other crypto) at some point replaces fiat, then these things will still have value.
The people that stand to lose the most from a fiat-&gt;crypto transition scenario are those with some savings, who keep most or all of their wealth in their local fiat currency.
@_date: 2014-02-15 09:11:10
Bitstamp has already reenabled automatic withdrawals: 
@_date: 2014-04-04 22:34:11
Wallets work with discrete outputs, coins received don't get merged into one big stack. A hypothetical whitelist-compatible wallet-program could simply ignore outputs that consist of tainted coins and only build transactions using whitelisted coins.
@_date: 2014-11-27 17:51:07
The point is not to get a definitive legal judgement on the status of Bitcoin, but to have the ammunition to demonstrate that Ken Hess is either deliberately misquoting the senator to strengthen his own case or that he is not knowledgeable enough to write on the subject matter. Either way, if the senator now says that Bitcoins are legal to buy and own, then that directly contradicts what Ken Hess has written, using the same senator as his only source.
@_date: 2014-03-18 09:27:50
The shares on Havelock are so-called "passthrough" shares, virtual shares backed by the original ones that are held elsewhere. In this case, the original shares are maintained on lmb-holdings.com, which is the website of the parent company of Neo &amp; Bee. For every share that exists on Havelock, an original share exists on lmb-holdings.com in some kind of holding account. This is why you the number of shares on Havelock does not match the amount of 6 million you noticed as not every original share has a passthrough counterpart.
The stated 0.2 bitcoin fee applies when you want to convert your passthrough shares on Havelock to original shares on lmb-holdings or vice versa. For trading shares, you have to be on Havelock, but this does add a slight additional counterparty risk. If you're just looking at holding a large number of shares for a long time, you might as well keep them at lmb-holdings.
For simple buying and selling on Havelock, you pay a percentage fee. I believe it's 0.2% of the bitcoin-value of the trade, but I'm not 100% certain about the precise percentage.
@_date: 2014-02-19 14:56:25
In theory the followup transaction can be sent immediately, without waiting for confirmations. However, the inputs of a transaction are referred to by the tx-id of the transaction where these inputs came from. So in the case of your example, if the original transaction has tx-id XYZ, the followup transaction that spends the 0.5 BTC in address B, refers to this 0.5 BTC by referring to transaction XYZ.
So far so good. Except that the tx-id can be altered without altering the underlying transaction, at least until a transaction is included in a block. So someone could monitor the network, see your transaction XYZ, alter it in such a way that the essential information remains unchanged (sender, receiver, amount, etc...) and rebroadcast it with a different tx-id, say ZYX.
Now if you send a follow transaction that refers to XYZ in the manner I described above and it so happens that instead the altered transaction ZYX is included in the blockchain, then the followup transaction will never confirm and be dropped, even though it spends valid coins. So because this might happen, it is safest to wait for your transaction to have 1 confirmation before spending any of it.
The notion that the tx-id can be changed before a transaction has been confirmed is called **transaction malleability** and if you've read any Bitcoin-related news the last 1-2 weeks, you've probably heard about it :-)
@_date: 2014-10-26 08:27:25
Some quotes from the lovely owner of mcxNOW, straight out of the chatbox on the site:








@_date: 2018-08-27 08:09:55


Yes, it would affect you. The market is made up of buy and sell orders just happily sitting in order books waiting for a counter order. When you place a new order, you can choose whether it'll end up on the books waiting for a matching order (a "limit order") or whether it'll just be executed at the best price you can fetch (a "market order").
If you submit your sell order as a market order, than the exchange will start filling up existing buy orders on their orderbook, starting at the highest price and going down until your entire sell order has been executed. £280,000,000 would be a very large order (especially if you'd restrict it to GBP, which isn't a big market) and there aren't many exchanges that have that much money sitting in buy orders. The effect would be that your sell order would run all the way down to the bottom of the order book, with people putting in buy orders at very low prices just in case something like this happens. The average price you'd get per coin would be far below the price that you saw before you punched it in.
Now, if you'd place your order as a limit order, at a sell price at or just above the most recent price, you wouldn't have this effect. However, all traders would see a very large sell order in the order book (usually called a "sell wall") and know that the price won't  move past it until the entire order has been filled up by buyers. This will depress the price and it will likely take a long time before your order is fully filled.


OTC, or over-the-counter, trading involves directly matching buyers and sellers without publicly listing the order on an exchange. This is the most common way to trade large quantities of Bitcoin. The OTC price will generally move with the market price, but depending on the trading climate, it could sit a bit higher or lower. Several exchanges have an OTC desk that mediates between buyer and seller. The price and delivery conditions are negotiated on a case by case basis.
@_date: 2014-03-07 12:23:31
It's probably already not pleasant going in.
@_date: 2014-07-16 17:42:26
Letting employees use their own phone is a bad idea. What if someone doesn't own a smartphone? Seems like a pretty silly reason not to hire someone who is otherwise qualified. Or more common: what if someone just forgets their phone for a day or has an empty battery? In addition, you have no control over the state of the employees phone.
It's much more convenient to just get 1 or 2 tablets (depending on the size of the establishment and expected # of Bitcoin payments) and have the employees grab those when a payment has to be made.
Both iOS and Android have features that allow you to restrict access, so you can lock it down to just they payment app/website.
@_date: 2014-10-20 11:43:57


There is no central point of failure in the Bitcoin network. You can perform a DOS attack against one or several nodes, but with thousands of nodes in the network, at most you will accomplish some minor inconvenience with the users running those nodes. Compare this to a website, which typically has just one (or in case of large websites, several) server that is a single point of failure. Attack those and the entire thing goes down.
Since there is a minimum amount that has to be sent in a transaction before it gets relayed by most nodes (or mined into a block), you can't DOS the network with transactions either.


The network doesn't really get affected if you have a slow connection. Worst case scenario is that the updates you relay are delayed, but since every node is connected to multiple others, a single slow node isn't a problem at all. This is the essence of a decentralized network.
As for the bandwidth needed, on average a block is found every 10 minutes and the current maximum blocksize is 1 MB. Between blocks, new transactions are also broadcast, but in total you should be fine with 56k6 dialup internet to stay up-to-date with the network, for now.


When the blockchain forks, there will be 2 different transaction ledgers that are identical up to the moment of the fork, but will diverge afterwards. Depending on the cause of the fork, most transactions after the fork will still end up on both branches. Any coins that were received and confirmed before the fork-point will stay that way and can be spent in either branch of the fork (this allows for a potential to double-spend if one merchant is on branch A and the other is on branch B, but the time-window and technical expertise required make this tricky). Any transaction done after the fork can end up in either one of the branches or in both. If the transaction only ends up in one branch and the network reaches consensus to resolve the fork by picking the other branch, your transaction is no longer confirmed (but may still be picked up if it does not violate the rules of the winning branch).
@_date: 2014-04-14 11:31:09
Same problem here. My bot makes a request every ~10 seconds, which is well below the rate limit of 600 requests per 600 seconds that Bitstamp mentions in the API documentation.
edit: seems to work fine again
@_date: 2017-02-27 12:01:14
In addition to the solution discussed by it's also possible to "split" coins using coins from blocks minted after the fork.
Suppose the blockchain splits in branches A and B. I obtain some coins that were generated by a coinbase-tx in chain A, in a block after the fork. These coins don't have to come directly from the coinbase-tx, there may be any number of transactions in between. I create a tx that uses both my coins and the "newly minted" coins as input.
This tx will be accepted on chain A, but rejected on chain B, since the block where part of the coins in the tx originate from was never mined on chain B.
At the same time, I can perform the same operation with post-fork minted chain B coins, or I can simply wait for the chain A tx to have sufficiently many confirmations and then simply spend the coins as normal on chain B. Now chain A will reject this tx as a doublespend.
Obviously this approach is not that useful for individual users, but exchanges and webwallet-operators should have enough connections to the large mining pools to obtain some new coins shortly after the fork.
@_date: 2017-02-24 09:04:15
Only the Bitcoin-price in GoxBux reached that value. The BTC/USD rate never got beyond the 1100s during the 2013 rally.
@_date: 2015-01-12 12:43:13
My 3 year old midrange desktop GPU does ~16 million keys per second, but this is just generating a private key and computing the associated public address. CPUs are considerably slower.
The software used for this is called 'vanitygen'. Its purpose is to let the user generate addresses that look nice by starting with a certain phrase. For example: 1Reddit.... It can be used to search for any length of starting phrase, even one that is the full length of an address (which means you're searching for a single address), but of course the computation time required to succeed in this last case is not favourable.
Other than vanitygen, you don't need anything else. It runs on Windows, Linux, MacOS and since it's open source, you could hack it into an app if you feel the urge. You don't need to have the blockchain (or any other Bitcoin-related item) downloaded for it.
@_date: 2015-01-07 21:18:24
The fee is applied to both sides of the trade, buyer and seller, so you'll need to double that to 0.4%. Also, you're a factor 10 off with your profit estimate, 0.2% of $2.4B is $4.8M. So 0.4% would be $9.6M
The 0.4% is an lower limit for the fee, since it only applies when both buyer and seller are in the highest volume tier and get a 0.2% fee each. The highest fee tier is 0.5% and I guess most traders will be somewhere between 0.3% and 0.4%.
So with their 1 year volume of $2.4B, Bitstamps gross profit should easily exceed the $5M lost in this incident. The question is how high their operating costs are.
@_date: 2017-02-24 07:49:09
Apparently since september last year.
@_date: 2015-01-12 15:25:38
If the income earned by miners drops (regardless of how), then the least efficient miners will shut down their operation, the difficulty will decrease which results in an increase in the income for the remaining miners. This system will keep things in balance and in an efficient market should result in mining being marginally profitable for cost-efficient operations (and not a free money printing machine).
The tx fees don't have to catch up with the block subsidy completely, because the additional assumption is that BTC will become more valuable, so operating costs counted in BTC will decrease as time goes by. The combination of increased transaction volume and increased BTC value should result in mining still being sufficiently viable after 1 or more halvings of the block subsidy.
Time will tell.
@_date: 2015-01-22 07:48:22
In principle yes. But these measures have been anticipated for a while now, so there's a good chance that they've already been incorporated into the current EUR exchange rates. I don't expect to see big movements in the exchange rate today, unless the announcement is different from what everyone expects.
In the long run, some more downward pressure on the Euro is to be expected, unless economic circumstances change quickly. This isn't necessarily bad for Europe though, as it'll boost exports.
@_date: 2015-01-29 14:15:43


It is much easier to get BTC onto Bitfinex than it is for USD. USD requires you to verify your account and identity, where BTC deposits can be made by anyone. Furthermore, BTC transfers are far cheaper and faster, which makes the threshold for keeping some BTC on Bitfinex far lower than it is for USD.
So there is simply more BTC available for lending, which pushes down the interest rate.
@_date: 2015-01-08 08:04:39
These sites just try to rent out their machines. If they offer a VPS that can accept incoming connections, then running a node on it will be good for the network, even though the effect will be very small.
I don't think they're a scam, since they probably deliver what they claim, but the usefulness of this service is debatable.
@_date: 2015-01-07 17:10:56
How would you, in a trustless decentralized way, verify that someone is actually running a full node? I can imagine a scenario where someone would set up a dozen copies of bitcoind on one machine (if necessary modified to make use of a single copy of the blockchain to save on space) and gain extra benefits from such a reward-scheme without actually contributing to network security.
Running a node is almost costless. Running 10 nodes doesn't cost more than running just 1 (except some initial setup time). Whereas mining requires the participants to prove the expenditure of a certain resource (CPU power) through proof of work, running a node proves no such thing.
@_date: 2015-01-15 14:56:41
My income and most of my savings are in chf, almost all my expenses are in euro. 
Today is a good day. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 09:22:09
They take a fee from both the buyer and the seller, that doubles the effective income.
You can use last years trade data to see that Bitstamp had a volume of $2.4B (all fees are taken in US$). What's 0.6% of that?
@_date: 2015-01-12 11:12:57
The idea is that as Bitcoin grows in popularity and transaction volume, transaction fees will start to replace the block subsidy as the main reward for miners. To effectively start the economy and to not have too much inflation for a long time, the first years of Bitcoin have a large growth in the amount of coins, but this then gradually decreases as, hopefully, transaction fees and the value of 1 bitcoin increase enough to compensate.
@_date: 2015-01-19 12:19:35
They can't completely block it, but they can make the use of the protocol much more frustrating for non-technical users. And if their intention is to greatly limit the use of Bitcoin, that is typically enough.
But a knowledgeable user will be able to circumvent restrictive measures.
@_date: 2017-02-20 14:37:22
As currency to pay for free internet of course.
@_date: 2015-01-14 07:41:11
There's nothing complex about the math behing Bitcoin, it's all real-valued stuff :P
@_date: 2015-01-08 21:40:55
If Bitstamp wants to limit the bank run, they should do a proof of reserves (at least prove their ownership of the cold wallet, doing a full merkle-tree-proof-of-reserve might take too long to set up with the site being down) and offer greatly reduced (or even 0) trade fees for some time to encourage people to keep their coins / fiat on the site.
While limiting withdrawals might slow the rate of money outflow, it will hurt confidence even further. And if Bitstamp can cover all customer deposits, like they claim, they have nothing to gain by restricting withdrawals.
@_date: 2015-01-21 14:48:39
The second key is also encrypted, but encrypted with a password only known to the user. Otherwise BitGo would have enough to steal the funds if they wanted to. Storing the encrypted user-key on the BitGo server allows for the service to be used in a way similar to a webwallet.
Blockchain.info does things in a very similar way, where they store the encrypted private key, but don't know the password, so decryption and transaction generation is done 100% client-side. The main difference is that BC.i only uses 1 key per address, which of course is a lot riskier in many ways.
@_date: 2017-02-20 10:48:55
Perhaps he wants to create a script to scan the news-post for keywords such as "approve", "reject", etc... and then hook it up to an exchange API to trade based on the outcome.
Sentiment analysis as a basis for trading is being done by trading firms on the "regular" markets. Doing it for Bitcoin and this particular SEC decission is much easier (since it's more straightforward to determine whether the news is positive or negative) and as long as you don't hold the position open for too long (before the "meh, this is what we expected all along" reversal sets in), it can be quite profitable.
@_date: 2015-01-12 15:42:13
The hardware that will be turned off first is the older, less efficient hardware and primarily that in smaller operations (less scale benefits). Mounting an attack with this will be rather difficult, since it will still be highly unlikely that a single entity has sufficient hardware to launch the attack, but can't make a profit from regular mining anymore.
In addition, most attacks are very easy to discover and offer little economic benefit to the attacker. Disruption of the network would be the only viable goal.
@_date: 2015-01-07 22:04:12
Yep, I've done plenty of trading at Bitstamp, the highest fee is 0.5%, the lowest is 0.2%. But to reach the lowest fee, you need a 30 day volume of more than $1M, so that fee tier is reserved for a rather small group of traders.
@_date: 2015-01-11 12:13:40
Andreas called upon the r/bitcoin people to vote in the AMA thread to clear out trolls and keep good questions at the top. An IAmA mod pitched in to state that this was considered vote brigading and not allowed per the IAmA rules.
I assume that the deletion is related to this.
@_date: 2015-01-12 15:34:12
Ripple is a system for transferring IOUs in an efficient way over the internet. The idea is that you can deposit actual USD with a so-called Ripple Gateway, who provides you with USD IOUs that you can then transmit to anyone who trusts the gateway to make good on the IOUs. Instead of USD, you can use any currency or even some assets, as long as you can find a gateway to issue the relevant IOUs.
The problem here is that the system is not trustless. When you send a Bitcoin, that's just that, a Bitcoin is sent and it'll always be a Bitcoin. With Ripple IOUs, you still have to trust the issuer to make good on his promise to exchange those IOUs back for the underlying currency. If you place your trust wrongly, you can end up with worthless digital tokens. In many ways, Ripple seems more suitable to make current banks more efficient, while Bitcoin can make current banks obsolete.
On some fronts, Ripple and Bitcoin compete, on others they complement eachother. Do some Googling if you want to know more, but be advised that some people have rather strong opinions on Ripple-vs-Bitcoin that may colour your findings.
@_date: 2017-02-20 19:42:07
The 2013 bubble was really volatile. The rush up beyond $1000 was very rapid and it peaked above $1K only very briefly before crashing down again.
Even the more manic days of the last few months were rather tame compared to the end of 2013.
@_date: 2015-01-12 12:36:41
It's not necessarily easier to program it in the current way, both a smooth decrease of the block reward and the current stepwise decrease can be written in a single line of code.
While I don't know the exact reason behind the current stepwise decrease, one advantage of it is that it the block reward is rather easy to predict. I know how much it is today, how much it'll be tomorrow and how much it'll be in 2 months. Yes, it will change at some point, but that only happens roughly every 4 years and the rest of the time it's just fixed. 4 years is a horizon you can easily plan for.
@_date: 2015-01-12 12:48:00


Incorrect. There are 2^256 (~10^77 ) private keys and 2^160 (~10^48 ) addresses, so 2^96 (~10^29 ) private keys for each address.
See also: 
edit: fixed parentheses/superscripts
@_date: 2015-01-11 10:34:30
Glenns mining hardware produces so much heat that wearing clothing in the same building is not recommended.
@_date: 2015-01-10 16:00:08
The answer to all three of your questions is probably "the new partnership with BitGo for multisig wallets".
Bitstamp holds 2 of the 3 keys for their hot wallet, one being completely offline (presumably in a safe) and one being on their AWS server. The third key is at BitGo. Every transaction has to go through BitGo for them to co-sign, without either cooperation from BitGo or the secret offline key that Bitstamp has, the funds are not accessible.
@_date: 2017-03-09 13:14:03
Exit on the west side, then swim for 2 hours, turn right, swim an additional hour and then ask for directions.
@_date: 2016-01-22 09:30:21
Doubtful. The value of Bitcoin depends purely on the fact that people consider it valuable (for transacting, store of wealth, whatever...). It's perfectly possible that at some point the number of people that consider Bitcoin to have value will go down (due to technical issues, emergence of a superior alternative, government restrictions, etc...). And when that happens, the price will go down until it's only worth something as a novelty "item".
While Bitcoin isn't a company, it most definitely can fail. And that is something to take into account when considering to buy Bitcoins for investment purposes.
@_date: 2017-03-28 07:09:58
Miners can include some free text in the blocks they mine. Most put the name of their organization/pool in there so that the block can be attributed to them, but the same text-field is also used to signal for various clients / features.
In this particular case, the string /EBX/ADY (with X and Y being variables) signals support the key feature of Bitcoin Unlimited, which has miners voting on the blocksize. The number following /EB (X in the above) represents the preferred blocksize in megabytes and the number following /AD (Y in the example above) is a measure of how quickly the miner is willing to change the blocksize ("acceptance depth"). Most Bitcoin Unlimited supporting miners are signalling /EB1/AD6 for now, which indicates a support for 1 MB blocks (but this will likely change if BU would get sufficient miner support).
In this particular case, the miner inserted 2 emojis instead of numbers for X and Y. A poop-emoji instead of the desired blocksize and a gasp-emoji instead of the acceptance depth. So clearly, this miner is not a fan of BU and is trolling them by using their signalling system in this way.
@_date: 2017-03-20 10:27:01
And it still wouldn't be communism. Communism has collective ownership of the means of production in a classless society. China is very far from that. They do authoritarian state capitalism, despite what the name of the ruling party is.
@_date: 2015-01-08 21:35:05
A front-end designer/developer typically isn't up to speed with in-depth knowledge on database structures, back-end systems and security. If Bitstamp has someone dedicated to the front-end, they might as well let them whip up a better downtime-page. 
It's not like it took a lot of work to make it either, the background picture already existed and the rest of the page is a very small amount of code.
@_date: 2015-01-21 14:02:38
There are 3 keys:
- One for BitGo, encrypted by their password.
- One for the user, encrypted by his password, but stored on BitGo's server (and possibly on the local machine of the user)
- One backup key, encrypted by the users password and stored only by the user.
When you login, BitGo will send you your encrypted key, which you can then decrypt in your browser using your passphrase. You then sign the transaction using this key and send it to BitGo, who sign it using their private key.
Of course, to maintain proper independence from the service, the user must ensure that he stores both his backup key and his regular key on his own machine(s).
For more details, see the BitGo website: 
@_date: 2017-03-27 12:43:43
There are multiple approaches. Recall that transactions are built up using the outputs of previous transactions as inputs for the new transaction. If you take transaction outputs that are valid on chain A, but not on chain B, then your new transaction will be valid on A, but not on B.
So you could take some newly minted coins that were mined on chain A after the fork and use those in conjunction with your own coins to send them to a new address. Since the blocks mined on A are different from those on B, this transaction would try to spend outputs that don't exist on chain B and it would be rejected. But on chain A it's perfectly valid and the tx will be accepted.
Now, you wait for the transaction to be confirmed a few times, then load the same wallet into a client that uses chain B and send the coins to some chain B address. On chain A, this transaction would be seen as a doublespend and it would be ignored, but on chain B this tx would be perfectly valid.
Now you have your chain A coins in one address and your chain B coins in another. It does require you to have a source of fresh coins to borrow, but they don't actually have to be coins that are newly minted. As long as they trace back to a transaction that is valid on only one of the chains, they can be used to "split" other coins.
In fact, the coins you've just split with this process can themselves be used to split other coins. I could borrow your chain A coins (or rather just a tiny fraction of it) and use them as tx-input along with my own coins to create a tx that is only valid on A. 
As the two chains diverge more and more with time, more and more of the coins will become split in this way. After a while, most active coins will be in a different place on both chains and could be used for splitting.
The corollary of this is that replay attacks are the most relevant immediately after the fork. The more time goes by, the less likely they are to succeed on coins that have been in motion. Coins that haven't moved since the fork will remain at risk.
edit: miners (or others) could even offer a service where you can use coins that are freshly mined (or have otherwise already been split) to split your own coins between the two chains.
@_date: 2017-03-22 08:55:51
If I had that amount of coins (heh, if only :(), I would probably cash out periodically. Cashing out 100 coins per month isn't going to affect the market and gives you $100K of pocket money each month. You could easily cash out more. Spend some, save most and after a while you've got a nice piggy bank both in fiat and in Bitcoin, so you're set for life regardless of which way things go (With that amount of money, I'd go for certainty and hedge my bets).
Alternatively, large amounts can be cashed out in OTC trades. Moving 40K in one go would still be an issue, but doing it in multiple trades spread out over a few months should be no problem.
@_date: 2017-03-22 08:59:00


The ECDS algorithm uses random numbers. In some implementations, a weak PRNG was used and it was sometimes possible to determine the private key based on a set of transactions (not sure if it also worked on message signatures). By now, I expect that all active wallet implementations have that sorted out.
@_date: 2017-03-20 10:23:12
They're not. Bitfinex added a prediction market for BU coins in the case a fork happens, but that's hardly the same.
@_date: 2017-03-26 20:51:42
If there's no built-in replay protection, you'll have to do it yourself. It's more hassle and it will definitely confuse inexperienced users, but you can 100% shield yourself against replay attacks.
@_date: 2019-11-18 22:20:58
Wifi and mobile networks use frequencies in the radio wave part of the EM spectrum. So in a sense, internet (or at least networking) over radio waves is already a thing.
@_date: 2019-03-06 20:03:15
The current limit is 4,000,000 "weight units". For a non-segwit transaction, 1 byte of transaction data is exactly 4 weight units, so you end up with the old limit of 1 MB if only non-segwit transactions are used.
With segwit transactions, the "witness" data (= the signatures) is discounted and only counts for 1 weight unit per byte. The maximum block size therefore depends on how much witness data there is in the transactions. It's possible to push this quite close to 4 MB (I've seen a 3.7 MB block on the testnet), but under normal circumstances a full block (= 4,000,000 WU) will be somewhere around 2 MB in byte-size.
@_date: 2019-11-18 22:20:03
Not really. While it's possible to relay transactions and other Bitcoin-communications using alternative methods (such as demonstrated in this thread), Bitcoin as a whole doesn't really work without frequent communication between all nodes. If all communication between nodes had to be done through alternative, slow channels, it would require many more confirmations for a transaction to be considered irreversible. In addition, if communicating a new block to the network takes a significant portion of the average time between two blocks (10 minutes), or even more than that, then mining would inevitably stop being the lottery-process that it is today, but would instead strongly favor large miners.
@_date: 2016-06-01 14:15:08


Agreed. I never mined any Bitcoin, except for a brief period of a few months with a Block Erupter at the start of 2014 when it was already no longer economically viable to operate them. I just wanted one of those things because of their role as the first widely available ASIC miner.
@_date: 2016-06-13 13:16:39
Bitcoinity gifs were one of the best things about the 2013 rally. Glad to see that they're back :)
@_date: 2018-10-25 14:13:35
I doubt it would work like that. Because the amount sent is very small, so unless you're sending your entire balance, there will be no need for the wallet to include the dust from the spam in address A in the transaction. I assume that all decent wallet applications don't include more UTXOs than necessary in order to reduce fees, so unless the amount sent as spam is significant in value, it's just going to be ignored by wallets.
@_date: 2016-06-20 13:31:06
Not terribly much. But that was more than three and a half years ago. Mining was still the domain of GPUs and mostly done by hobbyists rather than the large industrial ASIC farms of today. The price was relatively steady in the period leading up to the halvening as well as directly afterwards, sitting at or slightly above the $10 mark, having come down from a $32 ATH in 2011 followed by crash and decline to $2. Major price action only started happening again in the spring of 2013, when the new ATH of $266 was reached.
@_date: 2016-06-20 13:33:39
Bitcoin can only be efficiently mined on dedicated hardware (using ASICs, a single-purpose processor that is extremely fast for the task it was built for, but can't do anything else). Anyone wanting to take over the network would have to buy or build at least as much of this hardware as what is currently available. A large company can't simply install miner software on their serverfarms and get going.
@_date: 2019-03-02 11:14:39


BL3P is the exchange platform of the Dutch Bitcoin-broker Bitonic. They've been around for 7 years and haven't had any issues in that time. They're quite low-profile outside The Netherlands, but among the Dutch Bitcoin community Bitonic/BL3P are very well known.
@_date: 2019-03-29 13:56:34
When the blocks are full, there is essentially no limit to the fees. In the scenario where the backlog keeps going up, you'll see fees also rising, but the number of transactions in a block remains the same. This is what happened in 2017: Longer periods of full blocks caused competition between users to get their transactions mined, which lead to increasing fees.
Right now, the blocks are not (yet) full, thanks to the increase in effective blocksize that SegWit brought. With blocks not being full, no transaction backlog is created and this race to the top on fees doesn't take place.
@_date: 2018-10-19 09:17:46
Barely. What degrades SSDs are write operations and Bitcoin nodes don't write that much to disk. Once a block is mined, it's fixed and won't change again. By far the largest part of the diskspace used by a node consists of blockchain storage, which is data that doesn't change.
The volatile data that is subject to frequent changes is mostly kept in RAM and doesn't hit the disk.
@_date: 2017-01-05 15:29:10
Some sites do, others don't. And whether the addresses can be traced to the owner afterwards depends on what the owner does with it. If he simply forwards all proceeds from the various addresses to a single address, then it's easy of course. But also in more complex situations, it's sometimes possible to see connections between addresses.
@_date: 2016-06-17 13:12:53
Correct. It is essentially the Gox of Ethereum, a large entity using the network gets hacked / exploited while the network itself is OK.
The difference is that the Ethereum developers are choosing the hardfork-route to restore the coins stolen.
@_date: 2018-10-16 14:16:34
In 2013, the price went from $100 to $1100 in the period of 2-3 months. That's a 1000% increase. The rate of increase was much higher in 2013 than in 2017.
Which isn't surprising, since the higher price means more money is required to push it even higher, but it's not accurate to call the 2013 rally a "lil raise".
@_date: 2018-10-18 08:43:44
The miner seeking to rewrite the chain will have to mine his alternative chain in secret, not releasing the blocks to the network until he has mined to a point beyond where the current active chain is.
That means that any serious attempt to rewrite history will either have to come from a source of hashing power that is completely new or it would be immediately obvious that a very large amount of hashing power was pulled from the network.
Note that when determining the "longest chain", Bitcoin clients don't just look at the number of blocks, but instead they compare the cumulative difficulty of the blocks in the chain. Since the difficulty automatically adjusts to 1 block per 10 minutes (on average), 2 chains growing in parallel would add the same number of blocks in the same amount of time (on average). However, the chain with the most hashpower will contain blocks mined at a higher difficulty and if nodes had to choose between the two chains, they'd pick the one with the higher difficulty.
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:59:07
Many web services will give you a new deposit address every time you request one, because this is the recommended way to do things. They do keep a record of all addresses associated with your account though, so unless they're incompetent, the transaction should be picked up normally once it's gotten its confirmations in the blockchain.
If not, contact the support department.
@_date: 2019-03-06 15:39:23
The various parts of a transaction have a "weight" value assigned to them. The total weight of a block is computed by adding up the weight value for all transactions in a block. If this value is not below a limit set in the code, the software will reject it.
Users are free to create their own version of the software that has a higher limit for the total block weigh, but as long as that higher limit isn't supported by the majority of the network participants, blocks that are rejected by the majority will not make it onto the blockchain.
@_date: 2018-10-18 09:24:28
They do. At least, eventually. If they start far enough back in time when the network hashrate was well below what they're bringing to the table, they'll mine the initial blocks much faster, but the difficulty will adjust upwards until the 10 minute average is reached.
But ultimately that doesn't matter. Because a shorter chain (counted by # of blocks) with higher total difficulty will be accepted at the expense of a longer chain with lower difficulty.
@_date: 2018-10-24 10:31:20


Not really. Communication with other planets takes a long time. Sending a signal to Mars may take over 20 minutes in the worst case (both planets on opposite ends of their respective orbits). Communication protocols that rely on roundtrips will need twice as much for each exchange.
Mining would not be doable on both planets at the same time, because the planet with the lowest hashrate would always be behind the facts as new blocks arrive long after they have been mined (and often after a followup block has already been found as well). And any interplanetary transaction would require considerably more confirmations than it would now.
@_date: 2016-06-09 15:08:10
This only gives you the instantaneous effect of a large order though (and just on a single exchange). A large movement in price will usually be followed by a counter-movement triggered by stop loss and profit taking trades (either automatic or manual). Unless there is a structural reason for a large amount of traders to believe the price should be $600 instead of $500, you'll see the price gradually drift back towards $500.
@_date: 2018-10-17 14:23:07


Ouch. I've been there too, years ago :(
In my case, the other party traded my BTC for a super illiquid altcoin, hitting orders that were extremely far from the market value. It happened while I was active on the exchange and I saw my balance change. I immediately shut down my computer, opened up a laptop I hadn't used in some time, changed passwords and revoked API keys.
Afterwards, I figured that the API key was the only possible entry point for the attacker, since I was using 2FA for regular logins. I contacted the support department of the exchange (Kraken), they confirmed that the access happened through the API and they went through the effort of locating the counterparties of the trades that were made and asking them if they were willing to roll back their trades. Some were and I managed to recoup a third of the loss. Big props to Kraken support for their effort and the anonymous counterparties for their willingness to reverse their "lucky break".
@_date: 2016-06-20 13:36:23
The limit of a block is 1 MB. If there is more than 1 MB worth of transactions between two blocks, then some transactions will not be included.
If this happens every now and then due to an isolated peak in transactions, then it's not an issue since transactions can just be picked up in one of the following blocks. If the amount of transactions consistently exceeds the maximum size of the blocks, they'll start to pile up.
@_date: 2019-11-20 06:47:31
Basically, yes.
@_date: 2018-10-26 12:26:29
Volunteer or do it as a paid service. Advanced users may set up their own watchtower on a desktop or server to watch their mobile LN wallet(s).
There is no trust needed. The worst that a watchtower can do is not act, at which point it is equivalent to not having used a watchtower at all. Using a watchtower doesn't expose you to additional risks compared to not using one. And it's possible to use more than one watchtower to counteract the scenario of one watchtower not doing its job.
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:09:09
No, but if the hash power increases by a large amount, the blocks will come in very rapidly and the regular difficulty adjustment after 2016 blocks happens much more quickly. Normally, it takes 2 weeks to mine 2016 blocks, but the last cycle for BCH only took 4 days, part of which was the waiting period in which almost no blocks were mined.
@_date: 2016-06-28 14:24:27
It worked for a while, but then their payment provider / banking partner pulled the plug. AFAIK they were still looking for a new banking partner when Kraken snatched them.
I'm fairly sure that they were unable to continue operating, considering the long downtime and fairly small volume before that. And that Kraken acquired them purely for their (relatively small) customer base.
@_date: 2016-06-17 12:45:05
The latest update is that they're going to hardfork the chain to unwind the whole clusterfuck (with a softfork coming first as a stopgap to lock the stolen coins from moving).
They're making the mistake that the Bitcoin community wisely avoided during the Great Goxing of 2014. MtGox was a much larger theft, but since the underlying protocol was sound, Bitcoin licked its wounds and moved on. The issue with Ethereum lies purely with the The DAO having a buggy smart contract. It is very similar to Gox in that way, a large entity using the network loses a lot, the network itself is not at risk.
@_date: 2017-08-29 13:08:35
No, it's paid for through taxes, mandatory health insurance or a combination of the two. Like it is in every developed country.
@_date: 2018-10-16 11:00:44
Sure, but with every wave of "easy money" investors, there will be a non-negligible number of people that learn about the technology and become excited about what it has to offer.
So even though the Dec/Jan bubble brought lots of opportunists, I'm certain that it also brought a decent number of people who learned enough about the technology to become actual supporters.
And this cycle continues.
@_date: 2017-08-27 16:55:12
Combination of the usual weekend drop in transaction count and the miners switching back to BTC now that BCH had its difficulty adjustment (for now anyway, once BCHs EDA kicks in, they'll probably switch back to exploit that situation).
@_date: 2018-10-26 11:48:59
I don't think Kraken has ever tightened their verification requirements or withdrawal limits. Without ID verification you can only deposit/withdraw crypto and with a fairly low limit, but since these limits have been the same from the start, people haven't gotten into the situation where they suddenly have funds that are stuck because the exchange changed their verification rules, which is something that has happened on other exchanges.
@_date: 2018-10-19 18:24:22
Yes, there can be duplicates in a valid seed.
The 24 word seed is nothing more than a human-friendly representation of a very large number. And just like regular representations of numbers can have repetitions (the number "747" for example), so can the word-representation of a BIP39 seed.
@_date: 2018-10-26 12:18:18
Then you use multiple watchtowers. Or even just monitor things yourself. Watchtowers are passive entities, they monitor what's going on and report. They can't take actions that negatively you affect you, they can only decide to not report on things they see. So a bad actor is easily counteracted by using more than one watchtower service.
@_date: 2018-10-26 12:23:35
You don't necessarily have to run a full node. What you need to do is query the blockchain in order to find if certain channel-closure transactions have been broadcast. The most reliable way to do so is by running a full node, but you could also query one or more public blockchain websites / interfaces. You're then dependent on the quality and reliability of the data from a third party, so it's not a perfect solution, but in most cases there's no reason to assume that the data provider is conspiring with your channel-counterparty to defraud you.
@_date: 2017-01-06 13:58:54
2009 was still well within the CPU mining era.
@_date: 2017-08-01 12:14:31
The hashrate of BCash will be low enough that they'll easily be able to fill the first block with &gt;1 MB of transactions. Tons of people will be trying to move their BCC to exchanges and it may take many hours for the first BCC block to be mined.
@_date: 2017-08-24 09:50:14
SegWit isn't a magic spell that instantly makes tx fees go down.
SegWit affects tx fees in two ways: First there's additional capacity in the blocks when SegWit transactions are used. This is due to the new way that block size is measured. But until many people start sending SegWit transactions instead of regular ones, not much will change.
Secondly, there's the lightning network and its off-chain transactions. This functionality uses SegWit, so it can now be used on the Bitcoin main net. The software for this is in an advanced state of testing, but not quite live yet.
@_date: 2018-10-26 12:15:51
The risk that watchtowers mitigate against is the ability for someone to broadcast an outdated state of the channel in a transaction to close the channel. If you receive funds on a channel then there exists an earlier version of that channel where you had less and the counterparty had more. In this case, the counterparty may decide to broadcast this earlier version and claim it as the most recent.
This only applies to direct channels. If you receive funds from A that are routed to B and C, while you only have a direct channel with C, then it's only C who can perform this attack against you (however, A could perform it against B and B could perform it against C). So if the node you receive funds through is a node that you trust not to do this, then there's no worry.
When such an event does occur, the LN protocol allows for the other party to counter the action and claim all the funds locked in the channel. But this has to be done within the predetermined lock-time. And that's where the watchtowers come in. These services would constantly monitor the blockchain and alert you if someone tries to close a channel using an old channel state.
@_date: 2018-10-16 12:06:15




Maybe. The same happened in the Dec 2013 bubble. During 2014 and 2015 there was a bear market that saw the price dip down very low and there were plenty of comments about BTC being done for. Proper recovery only started late 2015, with the previous ATH being reached at the end of 2016 before the madness of 2017. On that timeline, we're in for another year of flat or bear markets.
But the 2013 bubble did bring more people interested in the technology, more businesses, etc... The ecosystem was in a much better place in 2014 than it was in early 2013. And the same is true now.
@_date: 2018-10-24 10:36:08
As far as I can tell it tries to mimic what hardware wallets (Ledger, Trezor, etc...) do by using a secure chip to store the private keys. Essentially merging a hardware wallet with a smartphone. The problem is that regular hardware wallets are fairly easy to disassemble non-destructively and most or all of their code is open source, making it doable for people to verify that there's nothing sneaky going on. I can't imagine that HTC would allow similar levels of access.
Other than that, the device appears to have a feature that allows you to send fragments of the wallet seed to a number of contacts who will then store it on their phone using a special app. I assume that this uses Shamir's Secret Sharing algorithm. That would make it a decent gimmick, but as it's just a software solution, it's not really a unique selling point.
@_date: 2017-08-07 11:37:55
That unit is sometimes used for 10,000 sats. So 1 bit is going for about $0.33 right now. 
@_date: 2017-08-20 14:40:08
Imagine a future where a large player or group of players will only transact via the PayPal hub. And the PayPal hub requires you to follow certain rules, including linking your public address to your real identity.
Many users here will simply boycott the companies/persons involved in such a setup, but the reality is that the majority doesn't want the inconvenience of losing access to these large players and will simply go along.
It's a theoretical scenario, but it's worth keeping in mind. LN should remain as decentralized as possible.
@_date: 2018-10-07 09:55:16
The other pairs are probably dragged along by arbitrage bots. They spot a large price discrepancy across several pairs and jump on it. The EUR-markets are less liquid than the USD-markets, so the effect is far more noticeable.
@_date: 2018-10-25 09:43:22
It's still a Ponzi scheme. Bitcoin has seen dozens of these schemes come and go. They all start out paying out and appearing legitimate, but once the operator has received sufficient deposits, then come the "technical issues" or "legal problems" and eventually the site just goes away.
The main question to ask is always: If a service is able to generate this much revenue, why do they bother with soliciting individual investors with tiny amounts of money and convoluted referral schemes, requiring all kinds of administrative hassles. There are plenty of rich institutional investors who will throw money your way if you can prove your ROI claims, and they'll be much easier to deal with than random customers bitching at the support service because their $25 withdrawal wasn't processed within 20 minutes.
This website is a scam. Plain and simple. Promoting it makes one complicit.
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:10:53
Nope, Mycellium is just not good at fee estimates. If you look at the [mempool stats]( you'll see almost no transactions over 20 sat/byte right now. Use 30 sat/byte and you'll get in in the next block.
@_date: 2018-10-18 05:17:22
The other party. From the point of view of Kraken and the other traders, the trades were perfectly valid and they were under no obligation to reverse them.
@_date: 2018-10-10 13:53:34


This is incorrect. The Netherlands doesn't tax capital gains at all. Instead, it taxes your total wealth based on a standardized return on investment. The first 30K is exempted (single filers, couples get double the exemption)
This makes the Dutch tax scheme one of the more friendly ones for Bitcoin owners. For the calculation of the tax rate, the government assumes some conservative balance of stocks and savings accounts, with the associated low return. A capital gains tax rate is applied to these fictional returns to obtain the actual tax percentage. If your wealth is in asset classes that outperform this baseline portfolio (such as Bitcoin), you pay less than you would if taxes were levied on actual gains.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:20:07
Likely less of a profit, though because of ASICBOOST they still may come out ahead. For now anyway. The reason ASICBOOST is controversial is because it gives a significant advantage to miners that can use it over those that can't. If all miners on the BCH chain are using ASICBOOST, then this advantage goes away.
@_date: 2019-11-19 13:41:02
There are no entities in Bitcoin that represent the actual coins. Instead, there is a (very) long list of all transactions that were ever made on the network. Each transaction has some number of inputs and some number of outputs. Someone can spend BTC by taking one or more transaction outputs assigned to addresses they control and using these outputs as inputs for a new transaction.
At the end of the tree of transactions, there are transaction outputs that have not yet been used in new transactions. These outputs are called "unspent". The acronym for these unspent (U) transaction (TX) outputs (O) is UTXO.
In order to establish your spendable balance, you'd need to add up the value of all UTXOs assigned to addresses you control. The smaller this number, the smaller the computational resources required to keep track of it all. This applies network-wide as well: the more UTXOs there are, the more resources are needed.
One can "consolidate" UTXOs (or "destroy" them) by taking a number of UTXOs and sending them all to a single address. By doing this, you bundle a number of smaller balances into a single larger one.
An additional advantage of reducing the number of UTXOs you have is that the fee you pay when sending a transaction depends on the size (in bytes, with some weight factors applied) of the transaction. The inputs for the transaction tend to make up the largest part of this. So a transaction that only uses a single UTXO as input will typically be cheaper than one that uses a dozen. If you run a service that frequently receives funds, it can be worthwhile to use a time when the network is quiet (=&gt; low fees per byte) to bundle / consolidate your UTXOs so that your transactions are much smaller when you need to transmit them during times of network congestion (=&gt; high fees per byte).
@_date: 2018-10-18 15:52:49
No, the difficulty value is determined by the difficulty algorithm that adjusts it every 2016 blocks (~2 weeks normally) and this is independent of the hash value of the blockheader (note: not the nonce, which is related to the mining process but plays a different role). Regardless of how low (or high) the hash value of the blockheader is, as long as it is below the target value associated with the current difficulty, it still gets counted the same when computing cumulative difficulty of a chain.
@_date: 2018-10-24 10:40:19
And by the wildgrowth of stablecoins, they lose their purpose. The main advantage of stablecoins is fast and cheap transfer of fiat-denominated value between two parties. And those two parties are typically exchanges But with every exchange launching their own stablecoin, that's unlikely to happen as they'll all be reluctant to support anything other than their own version.
@_date: 2017-08-27 17:18:50


Exactly. The rate at which blocks are being found is reduced when some of the miners are mining the BCH chain, which means there's more competition for space in the remaining blocks and therefore higher fees.
The mining difficulty only adjusts every 2016 blocks (~2 weeks), so it takes some time for it to react to changes in total hashrate.
@_date: 2016-12-13 07:59:23


The combination of address and balance is insufficient to verify future transactions. Bitcoin transactions work by using the outputs from previous transactions as inputs for new transactions. In order to build a snapshot, you have to store the set of all unspent transaction outputs (or UTXO for short).
@_date: 2016-12-28 17:50:57
Him tweeting something bullish doesn't indicate much more than that Twitter is still online. 
@_date: 2018-06-07 15:59:49
Credit card companies charge 2.5-3% fees to the merchant (more in stores that have a high rate of fraudulent transactions). A merchant could offer a discount to customers not paying with credit card, which would be a benefit for both merchant and customer.
@_date: 2018-06-07 11:19:12
Sure, a charge back is not a button on your phone that you can quickly tap and have it done. But neither is a Bitcoin double spend. And credit card fraud is fairly widespread, especially online and with goods that are easily resold (such as gift cards). In many instances, the merchant is the ultimate victim of the fraud as any charge backs end up on their desk. Bitcoin, even with 0-conf payments, but especially with LN, has the opportunity to reduce the exposure to fraud for merchants.
@_date: 2016-11-01 09:37:53
1080p is so 2013, I hear 4K is all the rage these days.
@_date: 2017-01-16 11:37:36
In theory yes, but SETI computations are more complex than Bitcoin mining, which means that developing ASICs will be more difficult and the benefit will be smaller than they are for minng.
@_date: 2016-12-09 13:38:39
The bunker isn't owned or rented by Xapo, but rather by their hosting provider (Deltalis). This bunker is one of several bunkers embedded in the Alps that were used by the Swiss army as a hideout in times of emergency, for both army and civilians. 
But many of these bunkers are no longer in use for this purpose and some have been rented out or sold to third parties. For secure hosting, the fact that the servers are in an old army bunker is largely a PR thing. Any regular building can be made with similar levels of physical security. And digital security doesn't care about the type of building you store your servers in.
@_date: 2018-06-07 12:58:20


That's very hard to say. It depends on how the merchant is checking the payments, the connectivity of the merchant and that of the client and a host of other factors. The goal is for the client to first send a regular payment transaction to the merchant, but as soon as the merchant accepts the transaction, a second transaction is sent, which transfers the same funds back into a wallet the client controls. By default, Bitcoin nodes will not forward such a second transaction unless the first one has the "replace-by-fee" flag which signals that the transaction could be replaced by one with a higher fee. This feature is off by default and a merchant can simply check that the payment isn't using the RBF flag.
Without RBF, the client has to ensure that his second transaction reaches the miners before the first one does. But he is hindered by the fact that the default behavior of most nodes is to not relay his second transaction if they've already seen the first (note that this behavior is the default, but it's not enforced at all. Node operators are allowed to program whatever behavior they want). So the client ideally needs to broadcast the transaction from a different location, one that is "close" to major miners (close in terms of network topology, not necessarily geographical distance).
But many merchants will use a payment processor to handle their transactions. These payment processors tend to run nodes that have direct links to many other "big" nodes including miners. A fraudulent client will need to invest a lot of effort to reach a level of connectivity that exceeds that of the payment processor. Or the attacker has to work together with a mining pool operator who agrees to always include the double-spend transactions rather than the original payments. But mining is tied to large financial incentives and a pool operator won't be willing to put their trustworthiness on the line just so that someone can get a free coffee. 
From the point of view of the merchant, it's all the same since there are multiple payment processors that simply accept 0-conf transactions. The payment processor is confident enough in its ability to prevent double-spends that it is willing to absorb all the potential risks.


Since double-spends don't end up in the blockchain, it's very hard to say. They're extremely uncommon, at least.
But ultimately, it's expected that these small payments will move to the Lightning Network, where this entire concern simply doesn't exist.
@_date: 2018-06-07 13:03:33
I think you're grossly overstating the success chance of this attack. 


Within 1 minute, all of the well-connected nodes on the network should've seen the original transaction. The double-spend tx will simply be dropped by almost all nodes and the chance of success is negligible.
What's more, if you broadcast from the same device as the original, your double-spend transaction will follow (mostly) the same path through the network, which means that it's likely to already be dropped at the first relay, since all the nodes you're connected to have seen the original transaction already.
Merchants will use payment processors, just like they do now. There are crypto-payment processors that accept 0-conf transactions and all the risk that comes with them. Merchants see none of that risk and get paid regardless of what happens. Apparently, the risk of double spending is so low that these payment processors are willing and able to provide this service at a considerably lower rate than what credit card companies charge.
@_date: 2018-06-07 19:19:02
Replace by fee is an optional field in the transaction that the user can set. Most wallets have this turned off by default. A merchant can check if the transaction is RBF-flagged and take extra precautions if it is.
@_date: 2018-06-07 13:09:36
Bitcoin is the currecy, Bitcoin Core is its primary node implementation (and can be used to refer to a development team).
Bitcoin Cash is the currency, Bitcoin ABC is its primary node implementation (and can be used to refer to a development team).
The poster was deliberately mixing these two up, which is the standard tactic of Bitcoin Cash supporters to imply that both versions are somehow equivalent and have the same claim to the name "Bitcoin".
Either use Bitcoin / Bitcoin Cash or use Bitcoin Core / Bitcoin ABC. Mixing the two is incorrect and disingenuous.
@_date: 2019-08-13 14:16:39


Yeah, it's not like exchanges do AML/KYC stuff for shit and giggles. They have to spend a serious amount of time and money on getting it done right. Not only that, it negatively affects the user experience, leading to lower interaction with the service.
If an exchange could cut corners on AML/KYC or ignore it all together, you bet they would.
@_date: 2017-08-20 13:56:11
I don't think that's what meant. If a hub becomes so large that it becomes hard to ignore, then that hub gains soft power to enforce additional rules. For example, PayPal may require the users of its hub to play along with and honour chargeback requests or the user is banned from using that hub.
The LN itself still won't allow chargebacks, but a hub operator may be able to force users to manually issue chargebacks if that hub is too important to route around.
I'm not sure how likely this scenario is, but it's important to keep in mind.
@_date: 2018-06-07 08:47:34
When you pay with your credit card, you have the option to charge back the payment. This can be done months after the payment was done and the store owner is on the hook for refunding this payment when you charge back.
Yet, despite this risk, most stores accept credit cards, because the charge back rate is low enough.
Bitcoin is not that different in that regard. Transactions can be seen on the network in an unconfirmed state within seconds of the sender transmitting them. Unconfirmed transactions can be rolled back and are therefore not completely safe. However, for small purchases, it doesn't make economical sense to execute a so-called "double spend attack". So for the store, the risk of accepting such a payment is small. For online stores, it's a non-issue since delivery is not immediate for physical products and any digital services can simply be cancelled/revoked if the payment never confirms.
But all of that will be moot in the future, as Lightning Networks allow for near-instant transactions that don't require confirmations (once a user is setup).
@_date: 2018-06-21 10:10:33


"When a bank is robbed, does that mean that the Dollar/Euro/... is insecure?"
Simple analogies with fiat money can be made to show why an exchange hack isn't indicative of a flaw in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-12 13:11:47


This is likely incorrect.
While Bitcoin has made some people very wealthy (and this group will grow if Bitcoin continues to appreciate), it's not going to cause global wealth redistribution on the scale you're implying. 
The wealthiest people have most of their wealth from things other than cash. Things like shares, real estate, etc... will still have more or less the same value after a hypothetical shift to Bitcoin as dominant currency. It'll just be denominated in BTC rather than USD or EUR. But there will still be businesses producing goods or services and land and buildings will still have the value they have now, so those with shares, land and other non-currency possessions won't suddenly lose it all.
Furthermore, a hypothetical fiat to BTC transition is a one time event. And without forces to counteract it, wealth has the tendency to accumulate with a small fraction of the population. There's no reason to assume that a BTC-dominated future will have less wealth inequality than our current fiat-currency world.
BTC can provide freedom from financial institutions, but other than a one time "reset" (which won't really affect non-currency wealth) it won't cause long term reduction of wealth inequality.
@_date: 2018-06-07 13:05:47


Bitcoin is pretty complicated as well if you look what's under the hood. What matters is for there to be solid, user friendly applications that hide all the complexity. Bitcoin wallets offer that, LN wallets aren't quite there yet. Give it some time, and LN will be as easy to use as Bitcoin.
But neither LN nor Bitcoin will ever be simple technologies.
@_date: 2019-08-12 13:04:00
Most of those 18M coins aren't being traded on exchanges though, only a relatively small fraction is. The largest USD-denominated Bitcoin spot exchanges have a daily volume between 5K and 10K BTC.
If you'd dump 1700 BTC in a single market order, it would cause a significant price drop that may set off a chain reaction due to stop-loss orders and bot action. But if you spread it out over multiple large exchanges and across several orders during one or more days, you could sell it without making too much of an impact.
@_date: 2016-11-29 15:08:21
"Load Bitcoin credits here at the CFF ticket machine"
and the small text below:
"Easy, secure, 24 hours per day. Select &lt;&lt;Prepaid&gt;&gt;, &lt;&lt;Other offers&gt;&gt;, &lt;&lt;Bitcoin&gt;&gt;."
@_date: 2018-06-05 09:23:05
My contingency plan is fairly simple, but should work well enough.
My wife knows where my hardware wallet is and what the PIN is. She knows what the purpose of the recovery seed is and where to find it. While she never actually used it, she has enough high level knowledge of Bitcoin to be able to argue its advantages to people that don't know it. That knowledge, combined with the ability to use a search engine, should be more than enough.
In case both of us perish at the same time, my parents know where to get the recovery seed and they know that it is a key to my Bitcoin. They have significantly less info and knowledge of Bitcoin to work with than my wife, but they'll be able to figure it out. 
@_date: 2019-10-21 12:33:10


This thing doesn't have a lot of storage. It has 64 GB and if you want to actually run a full node, you have to buy a 400 GB+ micro-SD card first.
Other than that, it appears to have a secure element setup called "Zion", although I couldn't find any details on how good this Zion actually is.
But it's a decidedly last-gen device that launches with Android 8 (Android 10 is out already) and pretty basic hardware specs.
@_date: 2019-06-29 20:00:45
Regardless of which BIP39 website you use: Only use it on an offline machine. Ideally, you'd save the page to a USB stick and load it on a machine that is typically never connected to the internet.
But at the very least, unplug/disconnect your computer before entering your seed on a BIP39 page. And consider replacing your seed by a freshly generated one after that.
@_date: 2019-10-23 13:37:27
This would work, but it relies on the peer being honest, which is an assumption that you don't want to make in a decentralized system like Bitcoin. Consider the following scenario:
- I have a closing transaction version 4 from a backup.
- Before closing the channel, I request my peer for the latest version and the peer replies 4 (or lower).
- Under the impression that I have the latest version, I broadcast the closing tx.
- But there is a version 5 of the closing transaction that the peer did not disclose. Upon seeing the channel being closed with an outdated closing tx, the peer proceeds to claim the entire channel contents.
@_date: 2019-10-23 08:38:07
From what I gather from the posted conversation: He closed a channel (or set of channels) using an outdated channel-state.
LN allows parties on either side of the channel to unilaterally close the channel by broadcasting a closing transaction to the network. Each party then gets their balance from that channel refunded. But with each lightning transaction you make, this closing transaction has to be updated to reflect the latest balance of the channel.
That means that a different version of the closing transaction exists (but isn't broadcast necessarily) for each lightning payment made on a channel. Now, this would allow someone to submit an outdated closing transaction. For example: I buy an item using LN to pay, but then submit the closing transaction from before the purchase, meaning I get the funds rather than the merchant. To discourage this, the system is designed so that when an outdated closing transaction is broadcast to the network, the other party can prove that they have a more recent closing transaction and claim all the funds in the channel. It's essentially a "don't cheat or you lose all your money" safeguard.
What apparently happened in this case is that the OP had to restore a backup for his system and this backup didn't contain the most recent closing transactions. So when closing the channel, the other parties were able to claim their full contents (this process can be automated, so it may not have been an active action of the counterparties to do this).
@_date: 2019-02-06 12:01:36
Bitcoin is doing between 1500 and 3000 transactions per block ([source]( Blocks are mined every 10 minutes on average, so that's between 2.5 and 5 tps.
Note that larger organizations, like exchanges, tend to bundle transactions into batches, sending out a single transaction that pays out withdrawals to multiple customers for example. So the number of transfers of funds may be higher.


There is not. Estimating LN transaction activity would rely on self-reporting by LN nodes and somehow extrapolating from that. This is highly unreliable.
@_date: 2019-06-06 05:41:15
1. Use the software that accompanies the hardware wallet to obtain a Bitcoin (or altcoin) address.
2. On the exchange, initiate a withdrawal to the address obtained in step 1.
3. That's it.
@_date: 2019-06-25 11:33:00
CHF is trading very close to parity with USD these days. So Bitcoin price in CHF will be pretty similar to the USD price.
@_date: 2019-06-16 22:43:55
If you still hold the private keys to the old address, you can prove ownership of the old address. If the old address belongs to an exchange, you can supply trading records from that exchange.
@_date: 2019-06-19 13:30:42
I got into Bitcoin in 2013 when the price was about $100 per BTC. So I've seen some ups and downs. For me, I'd say that the itch to sell becomes stronger the longer a bull market goes on, because you see higher and higher dollar-values popping up as potential "reward". But since the total value of my BTC hasn't reached levels where it would make a major impact on my financial life, I've been able to resist the urge to sell. Once the tide changes and the trend is downwards, a feeling of "meh, missed my chance, might as well wait for the next rally" becomes stronger.
I become less engaged with Bitcoin/crypto-related things during bear markets though. I rarely check the price and don't keep up with news as much. During bull markets, I read and discuss the matter much more actively.
I have sold the BCH I got in the chain fork in 2017. In addition, Stellar did an airdrop of their XLM currency and at the time my BTC was at an exchange (Kraken), which took a very long time to distribute the airdrop to its users, but that turned out to be a blessing as XLM had appreciated quite a bit due to the rally of late 2017. Together the sale of BCH and XLM netted me a revenue of about $1100 per BTC. So that's 11 times the rate when I started and I still have my original BTC.
@_date: 2019-06-17 14:42:57
Stablecoins are typically not standalone projects, but rather tokens that live on another blockchain. Tether/USDT uses the Omni protocol, which is a layer on top of Bitcoin. Tether-transactions are essentially Bitcoin transactions that move a very tiny amount of very specific Bitcoin-outputs that are earmarked to be representing a certain amount of USDT. As such, the sender pays regular Bitcoin transaction fees to Bitcoin miners.
Not long ago, Tether expanded to a sister-service that offers the same stablecoins on the Ethereum blockchain. Same general idea, different blockchain supporting it.
@_date: 2019-06-17 08:48:02
VPN subscription.
@_date: 2019-02-26 05:54:00
They are, but the backup seed is stored in the cloud account. So the keys themselves are safe, similar to how they are in a Ledger, but where with Ledger you have that piece of paper with the 24 backup words that you can store in a secure location, with Samsung that backup is stored in the cloud.
@_date: 2017-11-30 12:23:43


Until the next episode of "China Bans Bitcoin" where all exchanges have to lock down withdrawals and impose weird verification requirements.
@_date: 2019-02-25 22:04:09
And you would be right. CoinDesk [previewed]( the thing and noted that the seed of the wallet is stored in the user's Samsung cloud account.
So while the device may be secure (or not, too soon to say), the backup most certainly is not.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:18:59
Ah, the good old days. Those were simpler times, weren't they?
@_date: 2017-11-22 19:26:33




No, the Bitcoin Core Github page is very active. You can track commits, discussions, etc... as they are happening. I'm sure that developers also use private communication channels, because it's not efficient to just do everything on Github, but the actual development is very open.
@_date: 2019-06-17 08:47:19
I hope the court has a Bitcoin expert advising them in order to push through the inevitable technobabble that Wright will use to try and bamboozle the uninformed.
@_date: 2015-07-20 13:51:31
The reason it is only in Dutch is that it's a joint undertaking of Dutch banks. There's nothing preventing a similar system from being created on a European level (already being worked on) or even global level, except for the fact that all the banks involved need to actually cooperate.
While Bitcoin is technically superior and has a number of other attractive features, in terms of everyday usability, systems such as iDeal are still more convenient for a regular Joe Consumer. And much, much safer than credit cards. Because letting someone pull money out of your account based on nothing more than the knowledge of a few numbers is quite silly if you think about it. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:49:12
To add to this, traditional escrow services require the buyer to transfer the money to the escrow agent, which requires a considerable amount of trust in the escrow agent not to simply run with the money.
Thanks to the multisig functionality of Bitcoin, the buyer can transfer the funds into a 2-of-3 multisig address, where the buyer, the seller and the escrow agent each hold a key. Any two keys are enough to sign a transaction to move the deposited funds. If the product is received correctly (which is the case in most of the trades), the buyer and seller each sign the transaction paying the seller and they don't even have to contact the escrow agent. 
Only when there is a conflict, does the escrow agent have to become active and evaluate the claims of both sides. The escrow agent then either signs a payout transaction together with the buyer (to refund the buyer) or with the seller (to pay the seller) depending on who he judges to be right. The escrow agent can never take the funds on his own. 
Of course, you still need to trust the escrow agent to be impartial, but with Bitcoin multisig transactions, the whole escrow process can become much faster and cheaper (since most of the time the escrow doesn't have to do anything, fees can be much lower) than with traditional currencies.
@_date: 2019-06-21 14:18:19
I wonder what kind of whacky stuff is going that's making the purple curve go back in time in 2021.
@_date: 2017-11-30 13:13:41
True. Though if you've just been HODLing, I guess you can point at the transaction in the blockchain to show the date. Or if you bought it a long time ago when it was cheap, you can just offer to round down the purchase price to $0. You'll slightly overpay that way, but if you bought in at $100 and sold at $10K, then doing so would only increase the tax amount by 1%.
More interesting will be how to handle fork-coins. I sold my BCH and cashed them out while continuing to hodl my BTC. I've been wondering how to declare the BCH capital gains next year (not US btw). I'll probably just go for the 0 entry price approach.
@_date: 2019-06-05 08:04:36
No, you can also buy a VESA mount adapter for $199.
@_date: 2017-11-28 22:50:32
You don't cut out the middle man (unless buyer and seller trust eachother), you just reduce the reliance on the middle man and greatly reduce the effort that the middle man has to do (for transactions that have no disputes).
Multisig transactions like the one I described above can be used for this purpose. The same techniques can be applied for a variety of situations that would normally require external services (such as a notary). Think of a trust fund that unlocks after a certain date for the child or can be unlocked at any time by both parents. With regular currencies, you have to have a third party (typically a notary or attorney) ensure that the conditions are enforced. With Bitcoin, you can create a multisig / timelock transaction that has the required unlocking conditions.
@_date: 2019-06-28 14:43:52
That is true regardless of which wallet you use, hardware or software. Now you could say "open source is the answer!" and it definitely helps, but it's not a holy grail either. How many people who use open source software simply download the binary executable? And how many of those actually go through the motions of verifying the signature of the binaries? And how many actually read the source code to verify that nothing fishy is going on? Some shady bitcoin-forks have included wallet-stealing code hidden in plain sight in the past. 
And finally, if you do read all the source code and compile it yourself, how do you know that your compiler doesn't include some instructions that inject malware into the executable whenever it detects that you're compiling a bitcoin wallet? Have you compiled your compiler yourself to exclude this possibility (after carefully studying the source code)?
In the end, unless you want to go very deep into this rabbithole, it's going to boil down to some level of trust in others.
@_date: 2015-08-25 14:35:47
The difference between the two interpretations wasn't so big back then, since 1 KiB is only 2.4% larger than a KB, so for everyday use, it worked quite well. 2^10 is nice to work with on a binary machine is very close to the 1000 bytes that a KB actually is.
However, as we've gained orders of magnitude, the difference between the two definitions increased. Between 1 TB and 1 TiB is a difference of 9.95%. So it becomes more and more important to properly label data-sizes. Harddisk manufacturers, to the miscontent of many, do it correctly.
@_date: 2017-11-30 12:21:23
You just have to make it plausible. If you mined it, show some receipts of the hardware or even the hardware itself. If bought with PayPal, just show your PayPal tx history. If you got it before exchanges existed, just use 0 as a the entry price and pay capital gains over the difference between $10000 and $0 instead of $10000 and the few cents per coin you paid back before exchanges were a thing. It's a trivial difference and the IRS won't mind you rounding things in their favor.
@_date: 2017-11-24 15:09:15
Killing NN will give internet providers new avenues to exploit consumers. But the ISPs don't care about cryptocurrencies. They don't infringe on their business model and cryptocurrency-networks use relatively small amounts of data (compared to the big things like streaming).
If the US gov't wanted to crack down on cryptocurrencies, they would already have the tools required to do so. They don't need the NN change for that.
@_date: 2015-07-14 06:50:59
Why is this in I get that everyone is happy that the misery in Greece is causing the price to go up again, but this article has 0 relevance to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-20 15:08:44
When you want to add a new tx to a block that you're mining, you need to recalculate the block header, which primarily means recalculating the merkle root of the set of transactions in the block. This is a relatively cheap operation as also mentioned by Once you've recalculated the block header, the mining software can start with the new block header and attempt to find a block. There is no "progress towards finding a block" in the mining process, so there is no downside to switching to a new block header to mine for. And since you can run the process of recalculating the block header on a different component than the actual mining (typically on a CPU that is controlling one or more GPUs or ASICs), you don't expend any measurable computation power that you would've otherwise been able to use to mine.
The reason why some miners consider mining empty blocks doesn't lie on the side of block creation, but rather on the side of block verification. Empty blocks are slightly faster to verify by nodes in the network than full blocks. So in the event that two miners find a block at almost the same time, the miner that mined an empty block might have a slight advantage since his block can propagate the network more rapidly.
Of course, mining empty blocks means you give up on the transaction fees included in transactions that you're not including. And if most miners would start to mine only empty blocks, Bitcoins usefulness would drop as confirmation times would rise, leading to a drop in value and consequently a drop in mining revenue.
@_date: 2016-02-15 10:01:13
Then what is, according to you, the definition of a hard fork?
@_date: 2016-02-15 10:10:25
That seems like a somewhat arbitrary definition. What sources do you have that this is a commonly used definition within the Bitcoin community?
In contrast, Bitcoin.org defines a hard fork as:


The word to note here being "divergence". From  :


The Litecoin blockchain did not come about as a divergence from the Bitcoin blockchain since there was no common point. It was created as a new and separate entity.
@_date: 2017-04-28 08:47:56
Not even that, they can just run Core, modified to signal BU.
I doubt the big mining operations are actually running the BU client for their miners.
@_date: 2019-04-26 06:30:17
You can, but that's very risky. If Tether goes under, your collateral rapidly becomes worthless and you're left with a BTC debt to pay. Mass shorting of Bitcoin using Tether could trigger the mother of all liquidation chain reactions of Tether bites the dust.
@_date: 2017-04-27 13:27:42


In terms of number of people, probably. But I can't imagine that the people/organizations that have a serious mining operation running haven't put in place at least a basic firewall that blocks all non-essential connections to and from the mining machines. And those people should make up the largest part of the hashrate.
While Antbleed is a serious scandal, the statement that 70% of the hashrate could be switched off at once is sensationalizing the matter a bit.
@_date: 2017-04-18 13:37:54
Fiat deposits were never halted on Gox, it was withdrawals that they weren't doing (or doing extremely slowly). Some people reported making a fiat deposit the day before Gox finally shut down and having it stuck in limbo (and therefore making it harder to properly make a claim with the bankruptcy trustee).
@_date: 2016-02-03 14:36:47
As far as I understand the story: He was using TOR to visit the clearnet site, but the TOR exit node served up forged data rather than the actual contents of the clearnet site, with the .onion address of Bitmixer replaced by an address of a forged site.
@_date: 2017-04-18 12:57:46
Tether (USDT) isn't necessarily blocked, but since Tether and Bitfinex have the same parent company, they share the same banking issues. As a result, Tether can't make good on its promise of giving you 1 USD in hand in exchange for 1 USDT. Currently, 1 USDT is valued at around 0.95 USD (as seen on Kraken).
@_date: 2016-02-15 09:32:39


Litecoin is not a hard fork of Bitcoin. Hard forks are instances where an existing blockchain is expanded into 2 or more branches that are independent of eachother. Typically due to part of the users adopting a changed ruleset on what constitutes a valid block. Any coins you have before the hard fork will be spendable in both branches.
Litecoin started from scratch with its own blockchain and its own Genesis Block. Any Bitcoins that someone had prior to the creation of Litecoin had 0 effect on what they could spend in the Litecoin network.
Finally, there's a different notion of "fork" in terms of (open source) software projects, where a fork means making a copy of the code of the software and further developing it to be different from the original. In that sense, the software code of Litecoin is a fork of the software code of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-15 09:49:23
If Litecoin is a hard fork of Bitcoin can you then tell me the last block number before the fork?
Litecoin is a separate entity that (strongly) resembles Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-04-26 06:28:12


Exchanges like Binance really, really want to offer USD pairs since those do quite a bit more volume than crypto-only trading pairs. But to offer USD trading, you need USD deposits and withdrawals and therefore a banking connection with a bank that is able to deal in USD (so either a US bank or a bank approved by the US).
And that's pretty hard to get for a crypto exchange. So they go to the next best thing, a USD-based stablecoin. They take on the risk that Tether brings in order to reap the rewards of being able to offer pseudo-USD trading pairs.
@_date: 2016-02-15 10:30:29
The dictionary definition of "diverge" mentions a common point. The Bitcoin and Litecoin blockchains have no point in common.
The source code of both their common implementation of the protocol has a lot in common, but that's not what's being debated here. The Litecoin software is a fork of the Bitcoin software, the Litecoin blockchain is not a fork of the Bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2017-04-26 16:08:57
Quick! Someone get us a Turing-test!
@_date: 2017-04-18 10:43:45
The new funding options are specifically for wires that don't use SEPA. So basically wiring to and from an account that is outside the Eurozone.
Like it says at the end of the post, if you're in a SEPA country and you're using EUR deposits and withdrawals, then you should keep using the SEPA option because it's far cheaper (with its silly €0.09 fee) and faster.
@_date: 2017-04-18 13:38:38
No problems have been reported with withdrawals of Bitcoin (or any of the altcoins supported by BFX).
@_date: 2017-04-27 20:12:55
My point was that the serious mining operators (so not the home users that bought one basic device) will likely have some firewall in place that prevents unwanted network traffic to and from the miners. In principle you only have to allow communication to and from the mining pool and potentially your admin system. With that in place, there's no possibility for Antbleed to be exploited as it requires back and forth communication to a specific website.
@_date: 2017-04-17 17:38:28
Stripping EXIF data is also extremely easy. If someone wanted to abuse the ID-scan, then some EXIF data isn't going to do anything, whereas a watermark will effectively render the copy useless for purposes beyond what is specified in the watermark.
@_date: 2019-04-29 14:17:14
They've been around for a very long time, which is uncommon in the Bitcoin world. They tend to have few outages, banking issues or other kinds of downtime, so the service is quite reliable. On the other hand, they're not very fast with adopting new features. And their KYC approach is very opaque; if you transact a lot they can suddenly freeze a deposit or withdrawal while asking you various questions to unlock your account.
@_date: 2016-02-15 10:46:32
Yes, the source code of the software. Not the blockchain, which has no point in common.
I never disputed that the Litecoin software was not a fork of the Bitcoin software, only that the Litecoin blockchain is not a fork of the Bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2018-03-04 21:36:30
1 confirmation should be enough unless the amount involved is very high (read: multiple BTC). The cost of double spending a 1-conf transaction is very high. And the chance of it being doable through sheer luck is extremely low. Be prepared to have to wait for 1 hour or more, because block intervals are random and sometimes there's simply that much time between two blocks.
Use your own device, connected to a mobile network (ideally, otherwise VPN if using wifi) to check the transaction in your wallet and/or a block explorer.
@_date: 2018-03-14 22:24:09


ASICs will always have better performance-per-watt than GPUs. If mining becomes less profitable, people will be less inclined to buy new hardware, but GPU-mining won't suddenly become more effective than ASIC-mining unless the profitability is down for so long that all ASIC hardware has broken down without being replaced.
@_date: 2018-03-12 12:06:58


One of these isn't actually Bitcoin though.
It's not particularly difficult. The one is called "Bitcoin", the other is called "Bitcoin Cash". The name "Bitcoin Cash" was used by the people that originally started the fork. There was no claim to the name "Bitcoin" until Ver started doing so.
@_date: 2018-03-12 12:15:46
Considering that lightning developers are recommending against using the mainnet at this point, together with warnings that funds in channels may be lost due to bugs or software updates, the amount of funds locked in channels isn't really that relevant. No reasonable person would put a non-trivial amount of money in a LN channel at this point (what constitutes a non-trivial amount is different for different people of course).
And you don't need hundreds of BTC in channels to test the software, considering that sending a single satoshi is just as easy as sending an entire bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-08 12:55:17


That would defeat the purpose. Because there'd be a record of your transfer to this platform and at that point you're completely dependent on the platform's willingness (or lack thereof) to cooperate with local authorities in supplying them with your records.
In that case, you might as well use one of the regular fiat currency exchange services like Transferwise as there'd be no benefit of having the Bitcoin step fully encapsulated within the operation of the transfer service.
In order to ensure anonymity, you must use a different service on both ends of the transaction.
edit: To combat volatility risk, you should try and find an exchange or similar trade platform that lets you open short positions (or positions with equivalent properties) in the destination currency. That way you can buy Bitcoin with currency A and at the same time open a short for the same amount of BTC in currency B. You transfer the Bitcoin, sell it for currency B and then close the short position. Any change in BTC price will have an opposite effect on your short position. In the end you're only exposed to changes in the exchange rate between A and B and any exchange-fees that may apply.
@_date: 2018-03-06 08:09:52
$86M is the size of the giveaway (or that's what it was at some point, the Dollar-value tends to fluctuate as Bitcoin does).
@_date: 2018-03-03 06:28:41
You first ask the CTO or some other technical lead for an estimated time to implement a new coin, factoring in development time, QA, current workload, etc... CTO says "1 month". You then announce that you plan to start supporting the coin in approximately 2 months. At the same time, you instruct the team to go to work.
1.5 months later, development is finished and the coin is ready to be implemented. You announce that support for the coin will start in 2 weeks, specifically on date X.
Boom. You've developed support for the coin while reducing the potential for insider trading to a minimum. Only a small group of people is aware of the plans before the public is.
@_date: 2018-03-05 08:36:48
You can cash out wherever you bought the BTC. It's simply the reverse process. If you decide to use Coinbase, consider doing it on Gdax instead. You should get better rates there and since it's part of the same company, your Coinbase account can be used on Gdax as well.
Be prepared to face some extra KYC/AML questions as you try to withdraw your funds to your bank account. $1M+ will raise more flags than what you originally spent on buying the coins. In addition, notify your bank in advance of the incoming transfer to prevent them from freaking out.
Instead of going through a regular exchange, you could try an OTC service instead. Some examples were already given elsewhere in this thread.
Finally, consider keeping a small amount of BTC instead of selling it all. You never know where it's going to go. It's fun to keep some skin in the game and keeping 1 out of your 100 BTC isn't going to fundamentally affect how much USD you're getting out of it, since daily price fluctuations already make a bigger difference.
edit: Calculate how much you'll owe in taxes next year and keep this money separate. It would suck to use all the money and then get hit by a tax bill you can't pay without selling assets next year.
@_date: 2018-11-13 13:22:51
Exactly. I like Bitcoin as much as most here, but there are services in the fiat-world that do the international transfer work far cheaper than a direct bank wire from sender to recipient. Transferwise is one such service. You use a domestic transfer to send funds and they use a domestic transfer in the other country, so no international bank fees. They still charge an exchange fee (they have to make money as well, of course), but it's considerably lower than what most banks charge (depends on currencypair though).
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:07:37
Then you're still not mining bitcoin, but some random shitcoins that are automatically traded for bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-27 13:54:07
It looks just like the 2014 bubble deflation. Stuff like that doesn't happen in a month or two, it takes a while for things to calm down.
All of this has happened before. All of this will happen again.
@_date: 2018-03-14 15:36:36
Eventually fees will have to sustain the miners. We're not there yet and as long as the price of Bitcoin continues to rise (on the long term, monthly variations are not so relevant), it'll take quite some time, but eventually the block reward alone will no longer be sufficient to reward the miners.
@_date: 2018-03-16 13:27:15
That's what fork-coins and airdrops are for. In total I have cashed out at an amount corresponding to a rate of $1200 per BTC because of that (my BCH sell-timing, late August, was not ideal in retrospect). I first started with Bitcoin when the price was around $100 in 2013, so even if Bitcoin crashes to zero today, I still have some decent returns to look back on.
But if I was the guy in the article, I'd have sold 90%+ of it. If you have $9M, you can invest it into something conservative and boring and aim for a 3% safe withdrawal rate, giving you a yearly income of $270K. That's more than enough to retire on. And still keep a bit of BTC around just in case. If my BTC-holdings ever reach those levels, I know what I'd do.
@_date: 2018-11-15 15:24:02
So apparently BCH plans to do a hardfork every 6 months (just because). That's gonna make for useful payment tool if it gets dropped from payment processors for 1+ day twice a year.
@_date: 2018-03-06 07:31:00
Since the payments don't hit the blockchain, they don't remain visible for the entire world to see until the end of time. LN payments will only be visible to the nodes along the path between sender and recipient. If you're making payments that are really privacy sensitive, you can open a payment channel directly to the recipient (although that transaction would be visible in the blockchain).
LN doesn't offer complete privacy, but it's a lot more private than on-chain transactions.
@_date: 2019-01-15 12:25:18
The general feeling back then was that Bitcoin was very often directly associated with SR and that this association negatively affected the opinion of the public on Bitcoin. It was assumed by some that the only thing holding up the Bitcoin price was the fact that it was used on SR. So when SR was shut down, the immediate reaction was a decent bit of panic selling. However, afterwards it turned out that the transaction volume on the network didn't suffer any noticeable decrease and this supported the notion that Bitcoin was perfectly fine without SR.
@_date: 2019-01-14 15:24:48
Bitmain (mining hardware producer, pool operator) is in serious financial trouble. There are a number of reasons for this, but an important one is that they've been betting fairly heavily on the success of BCash. The combination of the current crypto-recession hitting all coins and BCash specifically not making any waves has been hard on their financials.
Bitmain has closed offices outside China and reduced staff at their China locations. Bitmain CEO Jihan Wu is reportedly stepping down amidst all this.
@_date: 2018-02-22 07:56:08
Exactly. Lets not celebrate too quickly, because it is unrealistic to assume that the entire backlog was due to some sort of spam-attack. During the massive rally last year, there was a ton of hype and that would've brought a natural increase in transaction volume.
Tx-volume can and will increase again in the future. More SegWit adoption will mitigate this to some extent, but second-layer technologies are still required.
@_date: 2018-03-26 07:06:11
It would be just like sending Bitcoin to the wrong address or sending too much Bitcoin for a payment: You'll have to take it up with the counterparty. In this case, the other end of the channel. However, just like with regular Bitcoin-transactions, you may not be able to identify the counterparty and even if you do, they have no incentive to comply.
@_date: 2018-03-26 07:11:10
Yes. However, there's a timelock on the contract that prevents the attacker from immediately accessing the funds. The victim has until the expiration of the timelock to submit the counter-transaction. I don't know what the current value of the timelock is, but I recall 1000 blocks having been mentioned (which would be 1 week). This value can be changed.
It's foreseen that so-called "watchtower" services will emerge which will monitor the blockchain looking for attacks like this. It's conceivable that users will be able to submit their counter-transaction to one or more of such watchtowers, providing an automatic response. This would make an attack like this very risky for the attacker.
@_date: 2018-02-20 14:39:01
Yes, they will. On the [website of the Dutch House of Representatives]( (in Dutch, obviously).
These parliamentary questionnaires are one of the most important checks that the legislators have on the executive in the Netherlands, so these being publicly available is very important. Exceptions will be made for answers that contain classified information, but in the case of Tether/ING that won't be the case.
@_date: 2019-01-15 08:39:14
Bitcoin rallied to $1000+ in the months following the Silkroad raid. There was an initial bout of panic selling when the news first broke, but after that Bitcoin went into a major rally. Bitcoin price never again dipped below where it was right before Silkroad was closed down.
@_date: 2018-02-15 15:21:23
Not really. My BTC is stored on my hardware wallet. I have enough for my financial situation, so no need to buy more.
Since we peaked at $19K, I haven't checked the price that often. I prefer reading about technological developments and new applications. The price will find the way up again eventually.
@_date: 2018-03-14 09:39:23
@_date: 2018-02-22 17:10:48


False. Satoshi always envisioned that at some point mining would be done in large datacenters, where regular users would run wallets for transactions, but not mine.
(note that in this post the term "network node" tends to refer to mining node. Satoshi contrasts this with "client nodes" that don't "generate" (mine)).
@_date: 2018-03-06 15:16:57
Listen to anyone willing to provide valid arguments. Judge the validity of these arguments for yourself.
Don't take anyone's word as gospel. But don't ignore people who happen to have a background you don't like either.
Financial experts are often regarded as such because they do have extensive knowledge and experience in finance. But that doesn't mean that their knowledge is always up to date or relevant. Don't dismiss them outright, but listen to their arguments and judge them on their merits. Determine if they understand Bitcoin. Many of the criticisms against Bitcoin are based in flawed understanding of what Bitcoin is and how it works. If arguments rely on such flawed understanding, they can be readily dismissed. But always verify, don't outright dismiss or accept.
@_date: 2018-02-08 09:23:13
100% sure that if they start taking BTC for tax payments, they'd use a payment processor that converts to USD directly at the time of payment. The same thing that most stores that take BTC payments use.
There'd be zero exchange rate risk for the state. From their point of view it'd be no different than adding PayPal or a new credit card to their online payment system.
@_date: 2018-11-13 13:30:06
If all someone has is a Bitcoin address, then no. A Bitcoin address doesn't contain any identifying information.
However, when you use a Ledger device with the Ledger software, it relies on Ledger servers for blockchain access, since the Ledger software doesn't run a full node itself. So operations such as querying the wallet balance and sending transactions are all passed through Ledger's IT infrastructure.
That means that Ledger can determine with a high degree of accuracy which Bitcoin addresses belong to Ledger devices. If combined with other records, such as IP addresses of each request, it could be possible to link multiple Bitcoin addresses to the same person (or at least: to the same internet connection). This information could be stored and shared with others, in theory.
If this is a concern, you can manage your Ledger device with third-party software as there are a number of wallet applications that can interact with a Ledger device. An important example is Electrum, since Electrum allows you to run your own Electrum server / full node, which keeps all your data in your hands.
@_date: 2019-01-21 11:00:21
You just need documentation of all financial transactions. Proof of the sale of the house, proof of the Bitcoin purchase, etc... Assuming that you've not hidden your foreign possessions from the IRS in the past, there should be no problem bringing the money across the border.
There is no process to "legalize" your Bitcoin. Just ensure that you're able to explain (with evidence) where the funds came from and what route they took.
Note that there are ways to transfer money without incurring high banking fees that don't involve Bitcoin. There are currency exchange services such as TransferWise or CurrencyFair that offer exchange at (near-)mid-market rates. If you add up the costs of a transfer mediated by BTC (including transaction costs on Bitcoin exchanges), you'll find that it might not even be cheaper to go that route.
edit: Ask a professional though.
@_date: 2016-09-01 14:50:57
It would not be unfair to customers. Someone posting them for sale at 0.4 is willing to sell them at that price, because apparently he values having his money now more than having more money at an unknown later time (with a risk of not getting it at all). If Bitfinex would be buying back tokens from the market, it would even push up the price of the tokens, making it more attractive for token-holders to cash out now as opposed to wait it out.
The problem is that there's a conflict of interest with Bitfinex buying back the tokens. They would benefit from misrepresenting their financial status to drive down the price of the tokens.
@_date: 2018-02-28 15:06:21
The functionality of a hardware wallet doesn't protect against the attack described by Scenario: I want to deposit Bitcoin to an exchange. I open the deposit page and I let the exchange generate a deposit address for me. I start the Ledger/Trezor app on the computer and I copy/paste the address into the address field for a new transaction. I create the transaction, verify that the address displayed on the screen of the wallet matches with what I copy/pasted and confirm the transaction.
This is the standard workflow. Except now on a compromised machine, malware has replaced the deposit address generated by the exchange by its own address, directly on the webpage. A swap that happened almost instantly when the malware detected an address was being displayed. The user has no idea that the swap took place. He can't verify that the address he's seeing on his screen is actually the address generated by the exchange. 
This provides an attack vector that hardware wallets can't prevent. There are ways to prevent this, for example the payment protocol (BIP70), but these are not universally used. Especially not by exchange-websites, which will probably be the most lucrative targets for malware to modify client-side.
@_date: 2018-02-20 10:38:06
These questions are "parliamentary questions" from a Dutch MP. This method is the standard way for legislators to request answers / comments from a cabinet member. The cabinet member is obliged to respond within 3 weeks (the response can consist of a notice that more time is required). It should be noted that this form of questioning is extremely common and often happens as a response to news articles. Essentially saying "Hey, I just read something about this, what's up with that?" It is not necessarily the prelude to more serious investigations.
[The questions]( *notes behind questions are my own comments*
1. Are you familiar with the article linking Tether/Bitfinex to ING? *note: it's common to start questioning with general questions like this*
2. What is your view on Tether and its financial status?
3. Why did the Taiwanese banks end their relation with Tether? What typically happens with the account balance in this case? *note: Taiwanese banks were disconnected from USD transactions by American intermediate banks, this may be more related to lax procedures by Taiwanese banks than anything Tether did*
4. What are the rules for ING when it comes to customers that have had their relationship terminated elsewhere? Do you agree that in the case of Tether, alarm bells should sound? Why did ING decide to accept Tether as client?
5. To what extent can ING be an accomplice, knowing or unknowing, to a crime if Tether is found guilty of fraud or some other crime?
6. What do you think about the reach of the responsibilities of a bank when it comes to cryptocurrencies? Shouldn't banks take more responsibility towards their clients than they're currently doing? How do you judge the decision of American creditcard companies to no longer accept transactions related to cryptocurrencies?
7. How is oversight on client acceptance by banks handled? To what extent does the Public Prosecution Service have insight into potentially criminal clients.
8. How are consumers protected against potentially criminal suppliers of cryptocurrencies and trading platforms? Does the current case not once again confirm that more oversight is needed in this sector, especially considering the increasing amounts of money involved?
9. If a company commits fraud for hundreds of millions by promising that every Dollar invested in Tether there is a Dollar on a bank account, which government or investigations agency will take action? Does international coordination exist for this? What is the role of the Netherlands if it becomes apparent that ING plays a large role in this?
Note that these questions are in addition to other questions that were submitted by another MP. [Here are those questions]( in Dutch. Translated:
1. *same question as in the other set. Again, this is the standard way to start an inquiry based on news reporting*
2. Do you recognize the view that the unrestricted creation of unbacked tether-tokens by the 3 owners constitutes fraud and manipulation of the bitcoin price?
3. Do you share the opinion that ING should offer transparency regarding the question of whether the $2.25B and €86M claimed by Tether are covered and actually exist?
4. Which legal requirements exist for banks in their role as gatekeeper to protect consumers and the stability of the financial system? Do you think that ING has performed a sufficiently thorough client review, like it has claimed?
5. Do you feel that the Financial Markets Authority (AFM) should be granted more reach to regulate cryptocurrency traders with a high risk profile and a Dutch bank account? If not, which agency is responsible for oversight in these cases.
My conclusion: The original set of questions seems to primarily focus on the question of whether Tether has sufficient assets to back its claims, as well as questions on how oversight ought to be performed. This is a reasonable line of questioning.
The larger follow up set seems to be more about the reasons for Tether being cut off from Taiwanese banks. The MP seems to assume or imply that this was due to inappropriate conduct by Tether, while it is generally assumed that this is because of a larger shift in Taiwanese banking policy originating from pressure from the US to more strictly regulate USD transactions ([article](
@_date: 2018-03-13 12:43:13
As an added bonus, if you plant a seed in your yard, eventually a tree might grow from it :-)
@_date: 2018-02-15 15:25:05
With lightning, you'll have to fund a payment channel first. You do this at home, at your own convenience.
Once you're hooked up to the network, payments will most likely be done via smartphones. A likely avenue is via QR codes. The store terminal will display a QR code, which you scan with your phone. The app then displays the payment details (amount, etc...) and you'll have to confirm the payment.
Instead of QR codes, contactless NFC payments will probably also be implemented. These will function much like current contactless smartphone payment platforms like Google Wallet and Apple Pay. You hold the phone close to the terminal, the payment details appear on your phone, you confirm and done.
@_date: 2018-02-20 17:29:43
I think that the chance of that happening is very small. I expect that Bitcoin will either succeed in gaining a relatively large level of adoption, in which case the price will go up considerably, or it will fail (either because cryptocurrencies in general fail or because Bitcoin is surpassed by a competitor), in which case the price will go to zero.
I see it as a binary bet: Go big or go home. I have made enough fiat profits from arbitrage trading in 2014 and selling fork-coins / airdrops to have made the whole thing worthwhile, so even in the "drop to zero" scenario, I can look back on useful gains. But considering the potentially revolutionary nature of the technology, I'm hoping towards large-scale adoption.
So I don't think that very long periods of price stagnation will happen, because if it stagnates, it dies.
@_date: 2018-02-15 17:22:16
In a way. You send money to an address that is controlled by both you and the other party in the payment channel. Various forms of crypto-wizardry ensure that the funds are only redeemable under a specific set of conditions.
But normally, you don't care too much about that, and instead use the channel to transact. With each transaction, the balance of the channel is updated and you and your channel-partner exchange the necessary data and signatures to properly update it. In essence you're exchanging a signed transaction that you don't submit to the network, but instead store in your wallet. With each new payment in the channel, both parties update the transaction to reflect the new balance and the aforementioned crypto-wizardry ensure that one party can't cheat the other by then broadcasting an older version of the transaction.
@_date: 2018-03-07 06:16:22
If you've been holding the Bitcoins for a long time, you could try and show some wallet-transactions that demonstrate when you received the coins. Since Bitcoin made such huge gains, it's not incredibly surprising that there will be plenty of people who got in at $100 (or even earlier) with a relatively small amount and are now cashing out 6-figure amounts.
If you can show that you received / bought 2K worth of coin in 2013, then that'll probably be much less suspicious if you'd now cash out 200K than if you'd have no background story at all.
@_date: 2018-02-21 10:44:20
A hardfork can be created by implementing a simple rule that says that starting at block X, a different hashing algorithm is to be used. In fact, this has already been done. For example, the Bitcoin Gold fork switched hashing algorithms.
So switching isn't a big deal. But there also won't be a big rush. Hashing algorithms are typically not completely broken in one go. Researchers will find small cracks that allow for shortcuts in very specific cases and then find more flaws, etc... Bitcoin mining uses its hashing algorithm in a very specific way that is not as vulnerable to flaws in the algorithm.
Other applications using SHA-256 would be impacted much more easily if minor flaws are discovered.
@_date: 2018-11-06 13:22:28
I haven't been very active on this sub, so I missed the story about bitfinexed/CFTC that you're referring to. Do you have a link to a good summary of this discovery?
@_date: 2018-02-20 17:32:09
This just in: when money or things of value are involved, people commit crimes to obtain said money or things of value. More at 11.
@_date: 2018-02-20 07:37:12
So not a smart contract. Just a piece of code that runs on the machine of the user that can create a Bitcoin-transaction. This is neither new nor particularly complicated.
@_date: 2018-02-22 13:50:29
The tx-fee is set as a total value for the entire transaction. Most wallets convert that to a sat/byte value, because that's what determines the priority of the transaction. But you could send a tx with just 1 sat as fee. If the tx is 250 bytes, that would make it 0.004 sat/byte. 
@_date: 2018-02-07 13:55:44
He said nice things about Bitcoin in a US Senate hearing.
@_date: 2017-09-26 08:44:33


The major hardware wallet manufacturers (Trezor, Ledger) support multiple accounts with plausible deniability. You can split your coins 90%/10% (or whatever ratio you'd like) and if you're ever robbed and forced to produce the PIN to unlock the device, you can give them the PIN associated with the small account. 
There is no way an attacker can determine whether or not a wallet has multiple accounts. So unless the attacker knows how much bitcoin you have, this approach will allow you to retain most of your coins.
@_date: 2017-09-07 09:02:29
If all you have is the address, then there are 2 layers of cryptography that need to be broken in order to spend the funds. The address is a hash of the public key, which is obtained from the private key. So in order to reverse it, you need to break both the hashing algorithm as well as the asymmetric cryptography behind the public/private keypair.
While one of the two might be broken, if a flaw is discovered in the algorithm, breaking both is very unlikely.
@_date: 2017-09-06 09:58:19
Don't worry, you can't buy train tickets with Bitcoin (yet).
Swiss ticket machines offer a number of additional services beyond selling tickets. The option to buy Bitcoin with these machines was added a while ago (last year, if I recall correctly).
@_date: 2018-02-20 20:49:09
Sure, not $0. But at this point, a price below $100 would be essentially the same as $0. I'm not expecting that it'll happen (since I'm a Bitcoin-hodler), but it's a realistic scenario that Bitcoin usage will plummet and the price will drop along with it and not recover.
Also, the price could drop to $0 if a critical bug is found that causes irreparable damage to the blockchain.
@_date: 2018-02-20 09:14:00
It was probably a combination of things. Spam could have contributed for sure, but I doubt it's the only factor. General hype around Bitcoin (and cryptocurrencies in general) has slowed down considerably after the recent downturn in price. And with that came a decrease in transaction volume.
In addition, more and more companies are implementing SegWit and smarter transaction batching approaches. Sure, Coinbase isn't there yet, but plenty of smaller companies have already switched to lower the load on the network.
@_date: 2018-02-16 16:56:38
The reward for miners consists of 2 parts: Freshly minted coins and the total fees paid by transactions included in the block.
The first part is cut in half every 4 years and somewhere around 2140 will be smaller than the smallest unit. The second part is completely dependent on how much the network is used. If Bitcoin is still actively being used, then miners will be collecting fees to pay for their operation.
While the very last satoshi will be mined in over a century, the rate at which new coins are minted will go down to low levels long before that. We've already had a block that contained more in fees than freshly minted coins (12.5 BTC per block at the moment), even excluding obvious mistakes (at one point someone included a 200 BTC fee in a transaction). After the next block-reward halving, these blocks will become more frequent and in a few more halvings (10-20 years) the largest component of miner income will be from fees and the block reward will not really be a major factor anymore.
@_date: 2018-03-02 08:49:47
They've also had tx-batching for years already and were one of the first exchanges to implement SegWit. I guess when the bill for transaction-fees comes out of their own pocket, it gives extra motivation to implement features that cut down on fees.
@_date: 2018-02-26 14:39:57
This development has very little to do with the currency being deflationary and everything with it going from being used by a handful of people to becoming a globally known currency owned by hundreds of thousands.
In fact, right now Bitcoin is still inflationary, since new bitcoins are created with every block. The current inflation rate is just under 4%. Still well above the inflation rate of most western economies.
@_date: 2017-09-28 11:18:42
While it may be possible to rewrite the Bcash blockchain since the fork happened in august, before that time Bcash and Bitcoin shared a history and rewriting the 2013 transaction that is being discussed would require rewriting the Bitcoin chain from 2013 to August 2017 as well as rewriting the 2 months of Bcash.
The latter is fairly simple, the former... not so much.
@_date: 2018-02-15 13:03:11
That chatlog is a good read. Keep up the good work :)
@_date: 2018-02-12 17:12:08
Bcash itself isn't really an issue. It's just another altcoin. There have been hundreds in the past, there will be hundreds more in the future. Of course, Bcash is different because it's the first major altcoin created through a blockchain-fork of Bitcoin, instead of starting with its own genesis-block.
Directly after the fork, most people were fairly relaxed about the whole situation: Bcash supporters had Bcash, Bitcoin supporters had Bitcoin, the network handled the fork without major incidents.
What changed is that Roger Ver &amp; co started a campaign to promote the idea that Bcash was the true Bitcoin. By buying up Bitcoin-websites and social media handles and using them to promote Bcash as if it were Bitcoin. This was combined with large amount of transactions being added to the Bitcoin network as well as exchange action pumping the Bcash price. It's these attempts at a hostile takeover of the Bitcoin brand that have created a foul mood. Without the actions of Ver &amp; co, Bitcoiners and Bcashers would've probably simply gone their separate ways.
Now, as for the technical issues. You're probably aware of the transaction backlog that Bitcoin faced in the second half of last year (mostly). Bcash and Bitcoin represent two very different approaches to solving it. Bcash attempts to solve it by simply increasing the blocksize, whereas Bitcoin takes an alternative method by improving transaction efficiency (via SegWit) and offchain transactions (Lightning Network). The disadvantage of the Bitcoin-approach is that it's not an instant fix. It takes time to develop and deploy. But it's a far more structural fix than simply increasing the blocksize, because no matter how you twist and turn it, a blockchain is not an efficient data structure for storing the microtransactions of the world. It is neither possible nor desirable to forever store each and every coffee purchase at the local Starbucks in a decentralized blockchain.
As an analogy, you can think of the (pre-fork) Bitcoin like someone with a broken leg who's in pain because of it. In the Bcash hospital, the patient gets a shot of morphine and a pair of crutches and is sent home. Yes, the patient can walk again and feels no pain, but the underlying problem is still there and won't simply go away. And once the quick fix wears off, you're back to square one.
In the Bitcoin hospital, the doctor operates on the patient, sets the leg, applies a cast and keeps the patient in for observation. The patient is still in pain and still has difficulty walking, but the underlying problem has been addressed and in the future this patient will be better off.
@_date: 2017-09-19 05:45:13
Any such ban would be for all cryptocurrencies and not just BTC. 
@_date: 2017-09-22 10:01:41
Family, friends, bury it in your garden.
If you split your seed so that you need multiple fragments to recover the full seed, then absolute security becomes a bit less critical. For example, consider a typical 24 word seed. Create 3 papers, the first with words 1-16, the second with words 9-24 and the third with words 1-8 and 17-24.
Any set of 2 of the papers is enough to recover the full seed, but on its own a paper is not enough.
(Note that having 1 fragment dramatically reduces the work required to bruteforce the full seed in this example. There are better ways to split a seed that don't suffer from this issue, such as Shamir's Secret Sharing)
@_date: 2017-09-07 08:54:41
My wife knows that I have a hardware wallet and where it is, she knows the pincode, she knows that in case the device is lost or damaged it can be restored with the recover seed and she knows where the paper with the seed is stored.
She has a PhD in physics, she's smart enough to figure the rest out by herself.
@_date: 2018-02-20 13:36:35
Having your books in order only matters if you're playing by the rules. If you're going to commit fraud, then it shouldn't really be an issue to do some creative accounting.
@_date: 2017-10-01 12:01:08
Keep your funds in your own wallet before the fork. After the fork, it's probably best to wait. One of the ways to split coins is to make a transaction that combines your coins together with some coins that originated in a freshly mined block (post-fork). Since both chains will mine different blocks, freshly minted coins on one side will be invalid on the other side. If you "taint" a transaction with such coins, you can execute a transaction that can't be replayed.
But it will take a bit of time for this to become readily available.
@_date: 2017-09-07 12:00:38
Maybe, maybe not. However, if one is found to be broken in such a way that it doesn't immediately bring down the entire Bitcoin ecosystem, then there'll likely be a long period in which developers can migrate to an alternative with a solid migration plan.
So while it's probably not a good idea to not at least check in on Bitcoin developments for the next few decades, it's also not really necessary to keep up-to-date. Unless there's a catastrophic failure that affects Bitcoin as a whole, there'll likely be plenty of advance warning for people to move their UTXOs.
@_date: 2018-02-12 11:59:15
LN transactions only update the balance of the channel, the transactions themselves do not have to be retained. So when you close the channel, you create regular on-chain transaction that pays the final balances of the channel to their owners, so this transaction has 1 output per party, regardless of how many transactions have been performed on the channel.
@_date: 2018-02-20 10:04:54
The whole Bitfinex/Tether FUD scenario seems far too complicated. If Bitfinex wanted to commit fraud by artificially pumping Bitcoin using made-up Dollars, why did they have to create/use Tether to do so?
They could've simply created an account on their own platform, credited it with a large amount of USD and used that to buy Bitcoin. Since their systems are unaudited, this would be undetectable. So why then go through the trouble of using a blockchain-token that everyone can track to achieve this result?
@_date: 2017-10-17 17:56:51
10 minutes.
I know it sounds counterintuitive, but that's because many people intuitively expect the 10 minute average to mean that a blocks arrive at regular intervals. If they would arrive every 10 minutes, then the average waiting time would indeed be 5 minutes. But since the arrival time is random and a block not having been found for X minutes doesn't increase the chance of it being found, the very long tail of the waiting time compensates for the possibility of waiting times being less than 10 minutes in some cases.
Look up "poisson process", "waiting time" or "interarrival time" for more reading on the subject.
@_date: 2017-10-05 12:57:17


This is correct, but a recent update to BTC1 causes the clients to pretend they're Core and thereby circumvent the blocking. 
Like you said, once BTC1 starts to relay bigger blocks, they'll be blocked automatically, but there are concerns about peering becoming problematic if suddenly a large number of nodes disappears due to blocking (this appears to primarily affect BTC1, since it has considerably fewer nodes).
@_date: 2017-10-08 00:09:00
From what it appears, the attacker had access to the email account as well, so he could've simply deleted / moved any emails from the exchange related to the attack.
Unless the victim happens to log in to the exchange during the cooldown period and the exchange also prominently displays a warning when this cooldown period is active, such a withdrawal delay often doesn't accomplish much more than making the attacker wait for a little while before he gets his stolen funds.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:37:41
No, it wouldn't be a minor protocol tweak.
All Bitcoin-transactions are expressed in satoshis internally. The satoshi is the base unit of the Bitcoin-network. Adding more decimal places would mean that all transaction amounts from before the tweak have to be multiplied by some factor. This would probably require a hard fork to achieve, it would require every single user to not only upgrade their wallet-software, but also adapt any software they've built on top of it.
@_date: 2017-09-26 12:09:49
I don't agree that having a HW wallet is like broadcasting to the world that you own bitcoins.
My hardware wallet, a Ledger Nano S, looks very much like a USB thumb drive at first glance. Only when you open it and you look closer, you'll see that it has a microUSB port rather than a regular USB connector. Recognizing this device for what it is requires the attacker to already be fairly familiar with Bitcoin. Anyone quickly going through my belongings searching for valuables will likely dismiss it as just a USB drive.
In addition, where I live (western Europe), by far the largest crime risks involve stealth acts: pickpocketing on the streets and burglary of a home that appears to be empty. In both these acts, the attacker gains nothing from taking my hardware wallet, as he has a total of 3 attempts to correctly guess the 4-8 digit PIN before the device wipes itself.
@_date: 2018-02-27 12:31:41
There are a large number of different mining algorithms. Where previously it was mostly an AMD-dominated world, mining is now interesting for pretty much anyone. With profits still considerably higher than costs in almost all cases, miners can afford to get a GPU that's not at the exact best price/performance spot.
Add to that the fact that there are still regular gamers buying these cards. So anything that's unpopular with miners will attract a larger number of gamers who are scavenging what's left.
@_date: 2017-10-17 08:11:10
Block creation is a Poisson process. At any point, the expected average time to the next block is 10 minutes.
If you submit a transaction now, then you're expected waiting time to get a confirmation (provided it gets included in the first block) is 10 minutes. If 5 minutes pass and no block was found, the expected waiting time at that point is still 10 minutes. If one hour passes and no block was found, the expected waiting time is still 10 minutes.
In reality, the value will be slightly smaller than 10 minutes due to mining hardware being added to the network. But this effect isn't that big.
@_date: 2017-09-05 07:57:43
Indeed. A larger block takes longer to verify, which means that in the event of two near-simultaneous blocks, a smaller block is less likely to be orphaned. The expected loss from this is rather small (since it's a rather unlikely event), but then again, so is the expected gain from including transactions that have &lt;5 sat/byte.
Including a transaction incurs a non-zero cost for miners. So it's only logical that they set a minimum fee below which they don't accept transactions.
@_date: 2017-09-27 07:15:46
It's not too difficult to automatically monitor a large set of addresses to see if they receive any transactions. I don't think that spamming them with unused key pairs will do much.
An address that contains funds, but submitted alongside an invalid private key might waste more of their time.
@_date: 2017-09-11 07:13:04
You mean someone who almost ran said Fortune 500 company into the ground and whose dismissal as CEO was met with celebration within the company?
And participating in the clown parade that was the 2016 Republican primary doesn't really make you a serious presidential candidate.
@_date: 2017-10-08 00:10:44
Keylogger malware is very likely. Simply record the password as it's being entered.
Alternatively, the password was the same as on another service that had its database stolen in a hack.
@_date: 2017-09-07 13:00:31
Then everyone elses BTC will be ever so slightly more valuable.
@_date: 2017-10-01 12:26:19
It's planned for november. I don't know the precise date, but there's still plenty of time to make preparations.
@_date: 2017-10-16 10:06:42


Or, and equally important, you import your backup seed on any other compatible wallet (software or hardware). The seed-format is standardized and there are multiple implementations that support it. Both major hardware wallets, Trezor and Ledger, use it, as well as a number of software wallets.
That means you're not reliant on Trezor staying in business.
@_date: 2018-02-09 12:17:29
Fees are unknown, but will likely not exceed a cent.
The time for a transaction to execute depends mostly on the network latency between the two endpoints of the transaction. Two nodes communicating directly using low latency connections may be done in a matter of milliseconds. If the transaction has to take multiple hops to cross the network and some of these aren't too quick, then you could be looking at 1-2 seconds.
@_date: 2017-09-14 12:44:09
He's saying that the Chinese that want to get out of the CNY still have a small time window left in which the exchanges are operational. This would imply that these people would rush to get BTC before they're no longer able to, adding some buying pressure.
@_date: 2018-02-12 16:59:03
The satoshi being the core unit of the protocol is never mentioned in the whitepaper. In fact, the whitepaper barely mentions the currency at all as it's primarily about the technical aspects that support Bitcoin.
And it's a bit of a stretch to expect everyone to read the code to find answers to these questions. In fact, most people wouldn't even know how to read code. 
@_date: 2017-10-12 06:32:29
They have an obligation to ask. Banks themselves couldn't care less, as long as you use their services (case in point: Swiss banks until not too long ago allowed you to be almost completely anonymous using accounts identified only by the account number, before regulators restricted this). But in most countries the tax and justice departments tend to be interested in transactions that fall outside the usual pattern. So banks are obligated to report unusual transactions or risk penalties. What is considered an unusual transaction depends on the country you're in.
@_date: 2017-10-16 07:42:27
The 24 word seed is a standardized format in the world of Bitcoin (and adopted by various other cryptocurrencies). There are multiple wallets (hardware and software) that support it and you can import a seed generated with a Trezor into a compatible software wallet, or even a Ledger hardware wallet.
The power of open standards / open source.
@_date: 2018-02-23 14:05:10
Well, to be fair, they were pretty much forced to do so, since Google is discontinuing the Chrome Apps platform that Ledger was using for its apps. So developing a new solution was fairly important.
@_date: 2018-07-06 14:00:02
Most large exchanges have OTC (Over-The-Counter) desks that facilitate large trades directly between buyer and seller without having to place orders on the exchange.
@_date: 2017-10-16 13:04:44
Paying 0.0011-0.0015 per transaction seems really high. Are these transactions made up of many small inputs by any chance?
In any case, using a SegWit address to receive these funds will not lower your transaction fees when receiving funds. Transactions to SegWit addresses don't offer such benefits. You only get the reduced fees when you send transaction from a SegWit address. So convincing your mining pool to send mining rewards from SegWit addresses (or switching to a pool that does so) would help.
@_date: 2017-10-20 11:35:42
Sessions is a big fan of civil asset forfeiture. No wonder he thinks that Bitcoin is a problem.
@_date: 2019-09-07 21:13:01
You could probably do this with an ESP8266 module. You can get those for $3. It has a small amount of flash memory, built-in wifi and GPIO pins. They're ideal for super low power applications where even a RPi would be overkill.
@_date: 2017-10-16 10:05:10
You should keep the two in separate locations. Your box may get stolen (even if the thieves are unable to open it, it's still a loss for you) or destroyed.
There are ways to secure your seed, making it impossible for someone other than you to use it if they find it. This allows you to safely store the seed with friends, relatives, at an attorney or in a bank. One way is to add a passphrase to the seed. This functions as a 25th word, but one that you can freely choose and don't write down. Each possible passphrase generates a unique set of private keys, so you could even use it for plausible deniability (store a small amount with passphrase A and the rest with passphrase B. When forced to surrender your passphrase, you give them A and the attacker has no way to determine that a passphrase B is even in use). Or simply split up the seed into multiple chunks and store them in multiple locations.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:23:03
Alternatively, we could base units on satoshis instead. At the protocol level, all amounts are in satoshis anyway, the unit "bitcoin" is rather arbitrary.
You could have a price measured in Msat (mega-satoshi) or ksat (kilo-satoshi). Currently, 1 Msat is $60 and 1 ksat is $0.06.
@_date: 2017-10-24 07:54:54
The bar and black line on that website are simply different time intervals in which NYA signalling is measured. The black line is for the last day (144 blocks), the bar is for the last 1000 blocks (~1 week).
If the bar is below the black line, that means that NYA signalling was higher in the last 24 hours than it was in the last week. But this is likely due to variance, since no major pools have changed their signalling policy recently.
Also, NYA signalling has no actual effects. Unlike the BIP91 signalling that was used to activate SegWit a few months ago, the NYA signal is not tied to any code that activates something. Miners signalling NYA can simply choose to keep running the Core client and nothing will happen. And vice versa (but less likely), miners can choose to not signal NYA, but run the btc1 client and participate in the fork.
@_date: 2018-02-21 11:02:56
ASICs are single-purpose chips. They can't be repurposed to perform other tasks like regular processors or even FPGAs.
@_date: 2017-10-09 14:16:17
When I got rid of my BCH, I first moved my Bitcoin to a new address, verified that the BTC had moved, but the BCH hadn't. Then sent the BCH.
Even though BCH has replay protection and I used the Ledger application to perform the transactions (since my coins are on my Ledger Nano S wallet), I still wanted to cover my ass as much as possible.
@_date: 2018-07-05 09:00:51
No, it would cost them the fees of the transactions they're not including to make space for their own transactions. This loss of potential revenue should be considered the cost of this method. In a competitive mining environment, it would outweigh the potential benefits, since a single miner would not have enough impact on the average fee to make a difference.
@_date: 2017-10-16 07:47:38
This attack would only work on people that aren't paying attention at all. Upon first use, the Nano S shows you all 24 seed-words and has you enter a few of them to confirm you've written them down properly. This procedure is well documented by external sources (Ledger website, reviews, etc...).
If the attacker has already initialized a seed, a new user wouldn't see this setup procedure when he first powers on his device and anyone who has done a little bit of research into the product should get very suspicious. In addition, there is no way to see that seed once it has been initialized, so in this scenario, the victims would be unable to write down their backup-copy of the seed, another thing that should set off some alarm bells with many users.
While it's perfectly doable to send people pre-initialized devices where the attacker knows the seed, even the most basic precautions by the users will catch this immediately.
@_date: 2017-10-30 13:34:04
That's why you have the recovery seed, which is stored in a secure location (and not under a pillow like in the story this thread is about).
Before I moved more than a tiny test-amount of coins to my Ledger, I went through the procedure of recovering my wallet from a seed to make sure I had everything worked out. With that being the case, a wipe of my Ledger would mostly be an inconvenience (because the seed is located at some physical distance from me and my Ledger and retrieving it would take effort), but not a loss of funds.
@_date: 2017-09-19 11:16:16
It's correlated, but the causation is the other way around: The price doesn't follow the cost of mining, the cost follows the price.
If the price increases, mining becomes more profitable and more miners will join in, increasing the difficulty and thereby the cost to mine a single coin. Conversely, if the price goes down, the least efficient miners will pull out, the difficulty will drop and the cost-per-coin goes down for the remaining miners.
@_date: 2017-09-07 12:38:08
Then my parents know the location of my recovery seed and that it is related to my bitcoins. It'll take them a bit more time to figure things out, but they'll get there.
@_date: 2017-10-17 07:31:15
I like how that article claims an average confirmation time of 15 minutes for BCH, yet it has been 3.5 hours since the last block was mined (and before that blocks came in at a rate of 1 per hour).
Bitcoin Cash: Where once every few days you have blocks every minute and the rest of the time you have to wait an hour or more.
@_date: 2018-02-28 23:46:45
Split the seed in multiple, partially overlapping fragments that you store in different locations.
For example, if you have a 24-word seed, write words 1-16 on one paper, words 9-24 on another paper and 1-8 &amp; 17-24 on a third paper.
To recover the full seed, you need any 2 of the 3 papers, so you can afford to lose access to one of the papers. But if a single paper is stolen, the thief isn't able to obtain your seed.
So now you can store the papers at places that aren't necessarily very secure, but that are completely independent from each other. For example: one in your office at work, one with family and one with friends.
Note that with this approach, having 1 paper reduces the amount of effort required to bruteforce the seed. In practice, the a 24-word seed still can't be bruteforced effectively if you have 8 of the words. But there are more complicated techniques that allow you to split a seed with similar properties but with the added benefit that obtaining one fragment doesn't reduce the bruteforce effort. Look up Samir's Secret Sharing algorithm for details.
@_date: 2019-09-02 13:48:56


The mining reward won't drop down to amounts that small unless BTC is no longer being used. This is because the mining reward consists of both newly minted coins and the transaction fees paid for the transactions in the mined block. The supply of newly minted coins is decreasing and will eventually become negligible, but the transaction fees will remain a significant amount as long as Bitcoin remains in use.


There are computational tasks that may be achievable in the future if computer power keeps scaling up. But there are also computational tasks that are so vast that no amount of brute force will ever be sufficient. Private keys fall into that second category.
It would take a flaw in the cryptography that links private keys to public keys and public addresses for an attack to be potentially feasible. As long as the cryptography remains solid, the private keys are safe and always will be.
@_date: 2015-04-22 13:43:01
The way it's worded is a bit wonky, but if you click through to the actual terms and conditions ( you'll find what is actually going on.
People claiming their Gox money via Kraken will receive 100,000 "KFEE credits". One KFEE credit can be used to pay for $0.01 of transaction-fees. So you're getting a $1000 discount on transaction-fees (provided you can spend it all during the validity period). If you're already trading in the lowest fee bracket of 0.1%, that equates to $1M of trade-volume w/o fees. If you're in the highest bracket (0.35% for most pairs), it's only about $300K of trade-volume (though trading that much will push you to new brackets with lower fees).
Kraken should've titled their post to state "up to $1000 rebate on trade-fees", which would've been more accurate and possibly more enticing as well.
@_date: 2017-10-16 09:15:03
The 24 word seed is a human-friendly way to represent a very large number that is your actual seed. This seed is used to generate private keys with in a deterministic way, using some fancy math. And from a private key you can determine the public key and address.
When you import a seed into a wallet, the wallet will generate private keys and addresses, checking each address on the blockchain until it runs into a long enough sequence of addresses that have never been used, at which point it knows it can stop computing keys. For a given seed, every compatible wallet will always generate the same private keys in the same order.
@_date: 2015-04-13 07:21:07
In addition to incredibly stupid, because if the police investigates, the other party can hand over evidence of the Bitcoin transaction and the communication leading up to it where it is agreed to use Bitcoin to settle the matter. And the police won't like someone filing charges for something that has already been settled. Best case, they drop the matter, worst case, they'll find something to charge you with.
@_date: 2018-07-05 08:59:19
Yes, they can do this. They could also simply leave the block partially empty rather than filling it with their own transactions. The end result would be the same, but it would be far more obvious to others.
@_date: 2017-10-30 06:08:28
Cool story. It wouldn't have been nearly as exciting if you'd have bought a Ledger instead with its "3 wrong PIN entries = device wipe" feature.
@_date: 2018-07-04 14:41:04
It doesn't work like that. A bitcoin doesn't have "a number". Bitcoin is a ledger that contains transactions from one address to another. For example:
Transaction *abc*: Send 1 BTC coming from transaction *bcd* to address *123*
... and a while later ...
Transaction *cde*: Send 0.5 BTC coming from transaction *abc* to address *145* and send 0.5 BTC coming from transaction *abc* to address *167*.
Each transaction specifies the source of the coins (the output of an earlier transaction) and who can spend them (the destination address for simple transactions).
Miners who find a new block are allowed to include a special kind of transaction that has no source and send a certain amount of bitcoins to their own address (their reward for mining). Any miner that tries to submit an invalid block will see it rejected by the network.
@_date: 2015-09-17 09:32:55
People still request wire transfers via email? In what dark corner of the world is that going on?
@_date: 2018-07-05 14:40:31


You need to eat, right? Buy clothes? Pay rent? Etc...
And even for luxury products, history has shown that people don't necessarily hold back on buying them even though the price of the item is certain to decrease. Think of computers, smartphones, etc... It's common knowledge that what you buy today will be considerably cheaper next year. Yet these products sell in huge numbers.
The "deflation is bad" mantra is grossly overstated. Yes, rampant deflation isn't a good thing, just like rampant inflation. But how much deflation will Bitcoin really have in the more distant future? We've heard many stories of people losing hundreds or thousands of bitcoins, but almost all of those originate from when the price was very, very low. The future of the project was very uncertain and there were plenty of people who briefly checked it out and didn't pay any attention to wallet security, backups, etc...
These days, it is well known that bitcoins have a non-negligible value. Someone losing even a single bitcoin in a harddisk crash will feel inclined to go through serious efforts to recover his wallet data. I don't expect that those large losses of bitcoins that occurred in the past will be something that we'll see more of.
That means that the total supply of Bitcoin will likely be very stable once the inflation through mining rewards diminishes. The prospect of having significantly fewer bitcoins in circulation with each passing year is an unrealistic one.
@_date: 2017-10-11 09:08:40
The lack of replay protection will make things quite tricky. Both Ledger and Trezor were quite fast with offering BCH functionality (faster than most exchanges), but there's no telling how things will go with the SW2X fork unless they add replay protection last minute.
@_date: 2015-04-22 13:57:24


Read the official document published by the bankruptcy trustee on the gox website. It outlines the procedure. Basically, you have 3 options:
* Claim via Kraken
* Claim via the MtGox online claim system
* Claim "offline"
The latter option is to be used for claims that don't work with the online systems (for example if you've forgotten key account details).
To choose between Kraken and Gox as your claim-system, consider the advantages of Kraken over Gox:
* If Bitcoin repayments are possible, they will only be handled through Kraken. The trustee has indicated that normally, only JPY repayments are done in case of a bankruptcy in Japan, but that they would attempt to make Bitcoin repayments available as well, but only via Kraken (as the trustee will probably not have the knowhow to transact Bitcoins securely).
* Potential reduction of bank transfer fees. If you claim via MtGox, you get your money wired from a local bank in Japan, while Kraken has various withdrawal options that are typically much cheaper. Europeans pay only 0.09 EUR for a SEPA withdrawal to their bank account for example.
* If you claim via Kraken, you get their KFEE credits for reduced fees (which would also allow you to exchange the repayment to your favorite currency without trade fees in most cases).
The disadvantage of claiming via Kraken:
* You have to register and supply identification details to Kraken to achieve their "Tier 2" verification status. This does not involve submitting a copy of your passport or other documents, but it has a rather low monthly withdrawal limit. The "Tier 3" status has a much higher limit, but requires you to submit identification documents.


Potential for more customers. There will probably be thousands of people claiming Gox money and if they do so through the Kraken website, they might like what they see and stick around (and as someone who has used Kraken for some time now, this is quite plausible).
It's essentially marketing. Very well thought-out marketing.


posted elsewhere in this thread that all claims are converted to JPY (at the Gox-rate of $483 I guess, which was the rate on the date bankruptcy was declared) and the available money is distributed pro-rata. I think that Kraken will then just convert what you're owed to BTC at the rate at the time of payment (just as what you'd get if you'd receive payment in fiat money and instantly converted it yourself).
@_date: 2018-02-15 13:07:15
^^ Still a scam
@_date: 2019-09-06 13:08:49
Get two other humans (ideally unrelated to each other) to observe the transaction and point out any errors.
@_date: 2017-10-01 10:45:52
The clusterfuck only happens to those that don't explicitly take care in splitting their coins. Which will be most users, granted, but anyone paying attention in how they transact will be able to split their coins even if there's no built-in replay protection.
The 2X split will screw the 95% of users that don't know what's going on and what to do, but if you inform yourself you can be part of the smaller group that won't be negatively affected.
@_date: 2018-07-23 09:10:32


He did though. While it may not be explicit in the whitepaper, there's plenty of followup posts or communications from satoshi that mention a future where mining would mostly take place in large server farms.
One example of this can be found [here]( but there are others that you can probably find with a quick Google search.
@_date: 2017-10-17 09:58:36
Except that it isn't.
Block mining is a memoryless Poisson process. See also [this link]( (specifically example 2.2.1 on expected waiting times).
There is no progress in mining, each computed hash is either good enough to create a block or it isn't. In the latter case, it is discarded and it is as if nothing has happened. At any time, when you ask the question "what's the expected time until the next block", the answer is always "10 minutes, minus a small correction of increasing hashrate". This is somewhat counterintuitive, but that doesn't make it less true.
You can verify this experimentally. At any arbitrary moment in time, write down the current time. Then monitor a block explorer to determine the next block after the time you've just written down. Compute how long it took. Do this many times and you'll see the average converge to just below 10 minutes (assuming gradually increasing hashrate, miners swapping to BCH to fiddle with its EDA-exploit may muddy the figures somewhat).
@_date: 2015-09-17 09:54:48
You open a link that you think leads to a Google Docs document, but instead leads to a forged website that looks like Google Docs. The website then asks you to input your Google authentication. If you would open a link that leads to a legitimate Google Docs document, the same could happen (if you're not logged in to your Google account at that time).
It's a somewhat plausible scenario, but it can be easily avoided by checking the address of the website that you're giving your username/password too.
Also, which company sends out hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of money to an account that they can't verify based on just an email request?
@_date: 2018-07-30 09:05:08
First and foremost: Don't trust anyone offering to help you. Bitcoin transactions can't be reversed and some aspects of it can be confusing, which allows a scammer to take advantage of someone who doesn't have much knowledge. And once stolen, there's usually no way to recover what was lost.
Next up is securing backups. If your uncle had "several bitcoin", then that adds up to a 5 digit number in USD. You don't want to lose that due to a harddisk crash. Try and find out which Bitcoin wallet application your uncle used and then search for the best ways to backup its data. Store this backup in a secure location!
In order to sell the bitcoins for Dollars, you can use an exchange service. Multiple exist, each with their advantages and disadvantages and people can have endless discussions on which is best and which is to be avoided.
However, if you're just looking for a quick way to sell, you should look at Coinbase. This is a US company with a long history in this market. Many long time Bitcoin supporters aren't the biggest fans of this company, but their (legitimate) objections don't really apply to your situation. 
After signing up to the service, you may have to provide some documentation (ID and such) for anti-money-laundering purposes. Once you're fully setup, you can use the service to create a sell order. The website will show you the address to send the bitcoins to, which you copy/paste into the Bitcoin application on the computer/phone (or scan the QR code) and from there you send the bitcoins. Once they're fully received and "confirmed" (a process that can take anywhere between a few minutes and more than an hour, depending on a number of factors including random chance), the sale is finalized and the USD can be withdrawn to a bank account you provide.
It's important not to rush into things. Bitcoin is still relatively new and experimental technology and costly mistakes are easily made. If you've created a secure backup of the wallet data, then you can take your time researching exactly how to sell the bitcoins and figuring out how the website of the exchange you've picked works before going through the process of actually selling. If possible, perform the steps of selling the coins using only a small portion (keep in mind that bitcoins can be divided into fractions, with each bitcoin being divisible into 100,000,000 smaller units. You don't have to transact entire bitcoins) so that you can properly test the procedure with little risk.
@_date: 2018-04-06 09:23:00
1. Yes, on that specific channel.
2. Yes.
@_date: 2018-04-06 22:56:49
Correct, in principle. However, the transaction Charly uses to close his channel with Bob can be used to fund another channel. So when Bob and Charly negotiate collaborative channel closure, Bob creates a transaction that uses the funds from his channel with Charly to fund his channel to Alice.
@_date: 2018-04-24 13:19:16
First of all, the necessity of large hubs is not certain. Time will tell if this is the state that things end up taking or not.
Secondly, there are plenty of businesses that hold a considerable amount of bitcoin that could be used to fund channels. Exchanges, web-wallets, miners, etc... Especially exchanges make sense as hubs, because LN allows for users to have access to near-instant order execution while keeping full control over their coins (in contrast with the traditional model of sending coins to an exchange, waiting for the appropriate number of confirmations and then being able to trade, but with your coins being controlled by the exchange).
@_date: 2017-10-18 14:44:51
Technically, there is no way to determine from the deposit address that it is a SegWit address. Any P2SH address, which includes multisig that Bitstamp has been using for a long time, starts with a 3.
But indeed, Bitstamp uses SegWit addresses, but has done so for more than a month now.
@_date: 2018-04-25 12:33:12
It's not a particularly shocking conclusion. Basically, they showed that a computer can be coerced into broadcasting various types of electromagnetic signals or sounds if you perform the right operations. These signals could then be received by a nearby receiver.
This way, it is possible for a computer to broadcast data despite not being connected to any type of network. However, since these techniques have a very low effective bandwidth, they're not particularly useful for trying to steal large amounts of data. But a Bitcoin private key is just 256 bits, which can be done quite rapidly.
This form of attack falls in the category of side-channel attacks. They can be hard to properly defend against in some cases, but they're also hard to implement, because they require specific knowledge of the hardware used (for example: one way to perform this attack is by making the hard disk generate specific noises to transmit information, but doing this effectively requires detailed knowledge on which instruction you have to send to the disk in order to generate a specific sound / vibration).
In particular, for private key theft, it's required that the cold wallet machine is infected with malware that is able to execute this attack. If your airgapped machine is clean, then there's no problem.
In addition, executing this attack requires the presence of a receiver close to the airgapped machine.
@_date: 2018-04-23 13:44:37
The "miner reward transactions" (the commonly used term is "coinbase transactions") don't have any sender (or to be precise: transaction inputs). Coinbase transactions are a special kind of transaction that have to use different verification rules.
Specifically, each block may contain at most 1 coinbase transaction. And the sum of values of the outputs of the coinbase transaction must be equal to or less than the sum of the difference between the total inputs and total outputs in the block plus the miner reward for that block (which is determined by the block height).
@_date: 2018-04-27 14:23:48
You still get your money. Depending on the country/bank, you'll either have some time to get your money out or you may be shut off immediately while being sent a check for your balance.
@_date: 2018-04-30 13:05:12
That makes it a good benchmark for wannabe-coins. If your coin can't even match the transaction volume of a coin explicitly created as a joke, then you should probably give up.
@_date: 2018-04-24 13:54:16
There's no causal relation between the two events. People don't suddenly start buying BCash because a block explorer changes their naming convention.
What happens instead if probably a combined effort to shill BCash. We saw this multiple times last year, a BCash pump on exchanges combined with some website mentioning it, the Bitcoin blockchain suddenly seeing a spike in transactions and Roger Ver going on tv somewhere. Coordinated effort for maximum impact.
@_date: 2018-04-26 10:17:32
No idea if it has been tried, but a "no reward block" isn't fundamentally different from a block like we have now.
Each block contains a "coinbase transaction" which sends coins from nowhere to an address chosen by the miner. The value of this coinbase transaction is bound by certain rules. It can be at most the sum of the block reward and the total fees of other transactions in the block.
At some point, the block reward variable will simply be 0 (instead of some very small amount in the decades leading up to it), but the computation remains the same: block reward + total fees.
@_date: 2018-04-23 14:09:13


No, the genesis block had a single transaction in it, awarding the block reward of 50 BTC to an address controlled by Satoshi. Check the genesis block on a [block explorer](


Each block awarded 50 BTC to the miner in the first 4 years. Satoshis BTC never "spread across the network". Satoshi spent almost nothing of the BTC he mined. Almost all of his BTC hasn't moved after being generated.
@_date: 2018-04-06 09:07:09
Channel capacity is defined on both ends of the channel. When Alice opens a channel to Bob, both Alice and Bob decide what amount to commit to the channel. This amount may be zero, so if Bob doesn't intend to send money to Alice, Bob may decide to commit nothing (for example if Bob operates a store and Alice is a customer).
In order to receive X amount of funds on your channel(s), the sum of the capacities of your channels on the side of the counterparties should add up to at least X. If you only open channels where the counterparty commits nothing, then you can't receive any funds. That is, until you spend some bitcoin on your channels, at which point your counterparties will have a non-zero balance and will be able to route funds to you.
@_date: 2018-04-04 10:13:59
If a movie is ever made about MtGox or Bitcoin in general, which actor would you prefer to play you?
@_date: 2018-04-26 10:21:07
Similarly, the coin "Bitcoin Cash" has "Bitcoin ABC" as its most commonly used software implementation (and "Bitcoin Unlimited" as an alternative).
Roger Ver / the BCH people seek to muddy the waters by equating the name of the coin with the name of the reference implementation, but only in the case of Bitcoin &amp; Bitcoin Core. The goal is to paint a narrative where both versions are "Bitcoin &lt;Something&gt;" and therefore on equal footing, rather than Bitcoin being simply Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash being a derivative.
@_date: 2018-04-24 07:36:57
takes a rather conservative approach to finance. Which is fine for that sub, since many of the questions are asked by people that are in rough financial waters due to debt, income issues, etc... While Bitcoin is an amazing technology, it's still a risky investment.
In your particular case, you recommend Bitcoin as an alternative to someone looking for a no-nonsense bank. And while many on this sub subscribe to the "be your own bank" mantra of Bitcoin, the reality is that right now you can't easily function in western society without a regular bank account. Hopefully things will be different in the future, but right now suggesting Bitcoin as an alternative to a bank account for a regular Joe is out of place. So I understand why you got the response that you got.
@_date: 2018-04-23 13:19:38
Why? Wikileaks is very much aligned with the current US government.
@_date: 2018-04-26 13:30:40
No, the coinbase transaction contains both the block reward and the fees. When the block reward drops to zero, the value of the coinbase transaction will be determined exclusively by the sum of the fees paid by transactions in the block.
@_date: 2018-04-25 11:00:53


It doesn't work like that. The magnitude of the difficulty adjustment is based on the total time required to mine the last 2016 blocks. Deliberately dropping hash rate just before the adjustment has only a minor effect on the size of the adjustment.
And it's fairly straightforward to calculate the predicted benefits of a such a strategy and this indicates that miners that adopt this strategy will lose money compared to miners who simply keep all their hash rate going. So no rational miner will use the strategy of dropping hash rate just before the adjustment.
@_date: 2018-04-24 14:50:07
There are a number of OTC (over-the-counter) services that handle larger quantities. Many of the BTC/fiat exchanges have their own OTC desk (although they may not advertise it directly).
@_date: 2015-11-06 09:14:21
You're suggesting faucets as a worthwhile time investment (they're not, flipping burgers at McD will get you far more money for your time) and after that recommending people to "invest" their coin into a Ponzi scam.
0/10 Would not recommend
@_date: 2017-05-01 11:51:19
It looks like you can rotate the big vertical pin, so there's enough room to do the same with lock 
@_date: 2017-05-15 17:51:28
The only thing that the auction did was show that the US Marshals considered that Bitcoin was something that is worth something to someone. That's all.
They had some stuff that they could put up for auction and get more money out than it would cost to organize the auction. Of course they were going to do that. That's not really legitimizing Bitcoin, that's seeing an opportunity to earn money and taking it.
@_date: 2018-04-19 06:58:48


This is the crucial component of any backup strategy. Don't rely on it to be fire-and-forget. Storage media may become outdated, online information may become harder to find as original sources disappear, but this is typically not an instantaneous process.
If you check every once in a while to see that all the necessary components of your recovery strategy are still widely available, then the creation of the strategy becomes much simpler.
@_date: 2017-05-09 09:40:35
@_date: 2015-11-05 10:13:49
No, the block rate is limited to 10 minutes per block on average.
@_date: 2017-05-18 07:44:22
Dumping of XRP will be done by speculators. The functioning of the Ripple network is only very loosely related to the value of XRP. Sending around USD IOUs on Ripple (which is what the banks are interested in) won't change if the price of XRP plummets.
In addition, even if Ripple is very successful and attracts many new companies, the demand for XRP from these companies will be negligible. Ripple has a huge load of premined XRP that they hand out to new partners, so these companies won't have to buy their XRP on the open market.
The current XRP rally is completely based on traders sort of equating XRP with shares in Ripple, which is totally not the case.
@_date: 2017-05-12 10:42:02
Thousands of people pass through US customs on a daily basis. Most don't get more than a few glances from the customs officer. Only a lucky few will get the full cavity search treatment.
@_date: 2017-05-02 07:19:08
Doesn't exist in the EU, that's a purely American abomination.
@_date: 2017-05-08 07:01:15
Maybe we should... Make Great Again?
Ok, ok, I'll show myself out.
@_date: 2018-04-27 12:01:14
Mining hardware doesn't transmit any identifying information that would allow such an overview to be created. Such a list would be completely reliant on self-reporting by miners and therefore highly unreliable.
@_date: 2015-11-20 14:23:05
Most likely. I believe that from a merchant POV it's just a regular VISA card, but on the customer side the money is taken out of your Coinbase wallet instead of your bank account when you make a payment.
@_date: 2017-05-19 14:05:58
Bitstamp has had the nickname "Stamp" for years now.
@_date: 2017-05-19 04:38:27
Nothing, that's my point. But people buying XRP are trading as if they are shares of Ripple because they assume that good news for Ripple means XRP should increase, while this correlation isn't based on any fundamentals.
@_date: 2017-05-12 10:18:20
My mobile wallet is still worth less than my OnePlus 3, but the gap is closing rapidly. I guess it's time to rebalance the wallets a bit.
@_date: 2017-05-08 12:02:22
Reload the page a few times. I had the same issue, but was able to perform a withdrawal just fine. I first encountered the issue last night and the withdrawal I made then (SEPA/€) is now sitting in my bank account. I've made another SEPA withdrawal since then, having to reload the page a few times and so far its status is updating as usual (don't expect it in my bank account until later today at best, more likely tomorrow).
So their website is a bit messed up right now, but the withdrawals are still working it seems.
@_date: 2017-05-15 14:05:37
ETF stands for Exchange Traded Fund, which is basically a front that allows you to trade certain assets that aren't directly tradeable a regular exchange. There are tons of different ETFs, some represent a basket of certain stocks or assets, others represent commodities, etc...
A Bitcoin ETF is something that would be tradeable on a regular stock exchange. You could buy shares in the Bitcoin ETF and each share would represent a certain amount of Bitcoin, with options to redeem shares for Bitcoin. The company operating the ETF holds enough Bitcoin to cover all the outstanding shares.
A Bitcoin ETF would let far more people trade and invest in Bitcoin, since they'd be able to do so with their regular stock broker. In addition, it alleviates some of the concerns of securing the Bitcoins one has invested in, since the ETF handles security (so you still have to rely on them to not mess it up, but since they'll likely handle very little transaction-volume on their actual wallet, most of the holdings can be 100% offline).
As for your second question: The best time to buy BTC was years ago. The second best time? Who knows. Do your research. Do you believe that BTC has the potential to reach large scale adoption? Than any price we see now is peanuts compared to what we'll get. Are you more interested in short term trading? Then refining your entry point may be useful. For long term investments, look up DCA (Dollar Cost Averageing).
As always: Don't invest more than you're willing to lose. Bitcoin is still quite volatile and the price may drop by large amounts in a short amount of time.
@_date: 2017-07-30 19:15:19
I've told my wife that I have bitcoins on a hardware wallet, what the pincode is and how to locate the recovery seed if the thing fails.
She has a PhD in physics and access to Google, so she has the intelligence and tools needed to figure out the rest. No need for elaborate step-by-step instructions.
@_date: 2015-10-26 08:51:53
A little thick is an understatement. While the articles themselves are usually bearable, the comment section pulls in all sorts of crazies.
ZH would be much better if it sticked to economy/finance news, where they actually provide interesting insights, and quit the geopolitical pro-Russia circlejerk they've embarked on.
@_date: 2017-05-09 06:57:44
All of this has happened before. And all of it will happen again.
@_date: 2017-07-06 14:35:29
In case of Counterparty, burning Bitcoins is done as a means of distribution of the Counterparty tokens (XCP). Users receive an amount of XCP proportional to the amount of Bitcoin burned.
By burning the Bitcoin, instead of just collecting it as payment, the Counterparty developers have more incentives to make their own platform viable, unlike the various recent "ICO's", where the developers could retire on a tropical island with all the money they collected.
@_date: 2017-07-31 15:00:49


Exchange transactions within the exchange don't. They already know your BTC balance, so they credit you with a BCH balance. They don't need to wait for any confirmations beyond that, because they control the BCH: there are no blockchain transactions going on, they just update the numbers in their own system.
If I was an exchange operator, I would not credit my users BCC until I was certain that I my BTC in cold storage has successfully been split off. Doing anything else means you're putting yourself in a risky situation if there's a problem splitting the BCC at a later time.
@_date: 2017-05-24 13:35:31


Some wallets, not all. A list of compatible wallets can be found on the Ledger website:
If your Nano S fails and there is no replacement available (or you don't want to wait for shipping), you can select any of the wallets on that list and import your seed.
edit: Also, the process to generate keys from the recovery seed is standardized and open source. If there, for some reason, is no compatible wallet available anymore, you can always manually generate private keys from the seed and import those in pretty much any wallet.
@_date: 2017-07-18 10:09:46
I think this is the best case scenario. If the Chinese miners can get away from their commitment to 2X while saving face (which is an important part of the culture) by citing strong user opposition. We will have ended up with SegWit on a single, unsplit chain.
Any further changes such as block size adjustments can then be discussed and developed without time pressure until broad consensus is reached.
Lets hope it comes to pass.
@_date: 2017-07-04 17:17:28
Oh, I remember that (in fact, I was the one who made that particular screenshot). That was some pretty epic gambling going on even though the Bitcoin price wasn't what it is now.
@_date: 2017-05-18 13:22:45
Yes. Either include a higher fee, or wait longer.
@_date: 2017-05-19 06:39:50
Sure, but "premined" has become common terminology for coins created and held by the developers, regardless of how this creation took place.
@_date: 2017-07-18 11:35:34
Scaling problems will hit altcoins just as hard. That's simply the nature of the beast. Altcoins boast with large numbers for tx-capacity because they simply configured their coin to a specific block size / block interval, not because they actually tested it.
Ethereum started competing with Bitcoin transaction volumes, but then had massive delays and tx backlogs because of popular ICOs. And the true raison-d'être of Ethereum, decentralized apps, aren't even being used on any noteworthy scale yet. While even through the worst of the Bitcoin network congestion in May, transactions were still confirming quickly as long as sufficient fees were used.
With the capacity increase provided by SegWit, I'm not worried about Bitcoin being outmatched in terms of real-life capacity by an altcoin in the short term. SegWit is not the final answer, so some form of upscaling will have to be developed, but there's still time.
@_date: 2017-07-17 10:46:30
Correct. If 80%+ of the mining power will support SegWit2X and will do so relatively soon, then by the time August 1 comes around, all blocks being mined already signal for SegWit and the UASF / BIP148 will do nothing. SegWit activation will then happen a little while later.
@_date: 2017-07-18 12:57:09
No. Once 80% of all blocks over a 336 block period (~2d, 8h) signals BIP91, it becomes locked in and another 336 block period later all nodes that run BIP91 software will start dropping blocks that don't signal SegWit.
SegWit itself will lock in once an entire difficulty period (2016 blocks, 2 weeks) has seen at least 95% of blocks signal it. Once locked in, there's a 2 week delay (2016 blocks) before SegWit becomes active.
Once SegWit becomes active, companies that plan to release software that makes use of SegWit (such as lightning networks) can start to do so. But depending on the state of this software, that may not be done immediately.
@_date: 2017-07-17 14:24:59
Only if both chains continue to exist with non-trivial support. If we get a fork, there's a good chance that there'll be a clear winner which will get the "Bitcoin" label from most people, and a clear loser which may simply cease to exist or continue on with a small number of users.
@_date: 2017-07-20 11:42:12
If lock-in occurs without Slush signalling BIP91, then there's no problem for them. They just need to signal SegWit once BIP91 activates and they should be good to go.
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:23:32
It's not illegal, but there are risks.
Only meet in a public place where there are plenty of other people. Some police stations have an area setup specifically for people to conduct business they've arranged online.
@_date: 2016-05-24 14:55:47


Except for France. Very annoying when in line at a supermarket when some oldtimer is paying with a check, having to write down all the details, followed by mandatory ID verification by the employee, takes forever.
@_date: 2017-07-31 17:07:13
But getting enough hash power to attack BTC is very difficult/expensive. Essentially all SHA256 hashpower is pointed at BTC, so the only way to attack it is to secretly build up a huge stack of SHA256-ASICs, enough to match the entire network, and switch them all on.
Attacking a chain that uses SHA256 but has a default hashrate that is only a small fraction of the total global SHA256 hashpower is much simpler and takes almost no preparation. If BCH gains 1% of the BTC hashrate, then there are a number of pools that could almost instantly switch to attack that chain.
@_date: 2017-07-03 12:50:40
Yes, they should be. But it's recommended to first try another wallet application and see if you can properly restore a backup before relying on them for a large amount of funds.
@_date: 2015-03-02 12:16:56
That's simply how Dutch wealth-taxation works. It is assumed that your wealth generates a 4% annual return (this percentage is a matter of debate in Dutch politics, since interest rates have gone down considerably since it was established) over the entire year and that hypothetical profit is taxed by 30%, arriving at a flat tax of 1.2% over ones wealth (the portion above the threshold value of ~21K for singles, ~42K for couples).
Since the calculation is based on the hypothetical profit earned in the year from your wealth, the amount of wealth at the start of the year is what is important. So for 2014 taxes, your posessions (and their value) on 1/1/2014 is what matters.
The downside of the Dutch method of taxation is that while it replaces all the bookkeeping required for regular capital gains taxation, you don't get reduced taxes on years where your gains fall short of the benchmark level.
@_date: 2017-07-21 06:36:29
SegWit won't activate for more than a month.
The rough timeline is as follows:
23 July: BIP91 activates, blocks that don't signal SegWit are being dropped.
27 July: Difficulty-adjustment and with it the start of a new 2016 block interval in which SegWit signalling is monitored.
10 August: Difficulty-adjustment, SegWit signalling should be at &gt;95% throughout the previous period and SegWit locks in.
24 August: Difficulty-adjustment, SegWit activates.
Note that these dates are estimates, it is the block number that decides the various timings.
If you want to use SegWit, then running a regular Core node is enough. A UASF node is good too, because it forces the miners to stick to the plan.
@_date: 2017-07-21 10:34:38


SegWit lock-in / activation uses the same 2016 block interval that difficulty adjustments use. The next such interval is due to start around July 27. Whatever happens before then is not particularly relevant, as long as 95%+ is signalling SegWit in the upcoming 2016 block interval.
@_date: 2017-05-12 12:30:48
A transaction is just a bit of data. You can create the transaction (wherever you want), then sign it on the airgapped machine and then transfer the transaction to a connected machine for broadcasting. Once signed, the transaction details can't be altered anymore, so it's safe to have it on a connected machine.
How you transfer the signed transaction is up to you. Simplest approach is using a USB thumbdrive. But you could also display a QR code for the signed transaction on the airgapped machine and use a webcam on the connected machine to scan it. You could even type in the base64-encoded transaction on the connected machine yourself. And then there are plenty more ways to transfer it.
@_date: 2017-07-12 18:57:17
Miners can simply include transactions to themselves to fill up the block. When prepared, ensuring a &gt;1MB block is mined is trivial. The reason it went wrong on the testnet was because someone blitzed through the activation period by throwing a ton of hashing power onto the network and there was no time to prepare the &gt;1MB block. That simply won't be possible on the main net as you can't simply increase the network hashrate by an order of magnitude.
@_date: 2018-04-24 13:15:07
I will seriously consider selling when my stash is worth enough to buy a house with. And if I don't sell at that point, then once it's worth enough to retire on and live on passive income from safe investments. In either case, I'd keep some and not sell all. 
However, both of those targets are currently way, way out of reach. So for now, I hodl.
Ideally, if I ever reach one of those targets, I won't have to sell the BTC for fiat and can simply spend the BTC directly.
@_date: 2017-05-22 09:49:41
Keep your coins in a wallet you control. Make sure you have a backup of the private keys.
Then wait for the dust to settle. If there's a clear winner and the other chain becomes worthless, just use the latest wallet software that runs on the winning chain. If there's no clear winner and both chains have value, then you'll need to find a way to split the coins, but I'm sure that if this happens there'll be multiple solutions posted for people to use.
@_date: 2017-07-21 06:49:22
I would guess that it's rather unlikely. I don't think the big miners are very ideological, they're mostly in it for the money. And renegging on BIP91 would not only seriously drop the Bitcoin price, it would also reignite talk about a PoW change. The big miners are sitting on a massively expensive pile of hardware that is utterly useless for anything other than SHA256 mining. I'm betting that they won't put their financial future at risk.
But until SegWit is locked in, it's a possibility that shouldn't be discounted. UASF was likely the factor that drove the creation of the New York Agreement and UASF could be what is needed to enforce it.
@_date: 2015-03-30 14:50:23


He's on a Kremlin-controlled propaganda channel. Fits right in.
@_date: 2017-07-19 09:08:01
Yes, if BIP91 successfully activates, then UASF will have succeeded without having to do anything.
@_date: 2016-05-02 07:27:40
Apparently he was under investigation by the Australian tax department. Perhaps there was no way to keep his identity hidden while still cooperating with the investigation.
@_date: 2017-07-20 18:56:22
There's no harm in them not joining yet. Only when BIP91 activates this sunday (assuming lock-in happens this cycle) will it be an issue if they're not signalling bit 1. Right now, it's not costing them anything to stay out.
@_date: 2017-07-24 13:16:15
Not an option, since Coinbase (and most other online services that manage Bitcoins for their users) don't keep your specific balance associated with a single private key. Instead, they'll bunch up all the funds they have in a giant pile.
So they can't give you access to the private keys that hold your funds, since the are no private keys uniquely linked to your funds and your funds only.
@_date: 2017-07-27 09:19:07
Which you then sell for bitcoins. Hence the "free bitcoins".
@_date: 2017-07-22 18:02:26
Each block has a piece of data called the version bits. By setting these bits to specific values, miners that mine a block can signal readiness for certain protocol changes.
So miners that are ready for SegWit are signalling using "bit 1" of the version bits. Once a period of 2016 blocks (~2 weeks) goes by with at least 95% of the blocks having this bit 1 signal, SegWit becomes "locked in" and will activate 2 weeks (2016 blocks) later.
Non-mining users can say "we want SegWit" by running node-software that rejects blocks that don't signal SegWit readiness. This is the goal of the UASF / BIP148 project. Starting on August 1, these nodes will no longer accept or relay blocks that don't signal SegWit in an attempt to coerce the miners to signal for SegWit.
But the way things currently are, the UASF will have served its purpose without even taking effect, since miners are already signalling SegWit readiness.
@_date: 2017-07-14 11:16:53
So they designed Bitcoin, wrote the whitepaper, developed the software and didn't know how it worked? That seems... unlikely.
@_date: 2017-07-19 10:00:25
The 336 block window is not moving. The current one started earlier today (or last night depending on your timezone) and will end around the 21st. The 80% threshold must be reached within such a fixed window. In the next block window, the counter starts from 0 again.
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:27:08
Please reread my post: The only change to the difficulty algorithm is the adjustment that happens when the last 6 blocks were found in a period of more than 12 hours. Other than that, the difficulty algorithm is the same.
Unless I missed something while browsing the BitcoinABC Github, in which case, feel free to point it out to me.
@_date: 2015-03-02 21:58:55
That is exactly why many politicians are pushing for the system to change, or at least the percentage. 4% was reasonable when it was introduced, because interest rates on common savings accounts were in that area back then, but these days...
Of course, you only pay 30% of the hypothetical 4% profit, so 1.2%. Right now, most savings accounts are still paying more than that (slightly) and inflation is pretty much zero (or negative), so there's still a very small gain to keeping money in a savings account.
But it's not much.
@_date: 2017-07-17 13:51:23
Because SW requires 95% of the miners to signal it before it activates. SW2X only has 80-90% support. So if the SW2X miners band together to drop the blocks of the remaining non-SW singalling miners, they can hit 100% SW signalling on their chain. And 100% is more than the 95% threshold for regular SW activation.
@_date: 2017-07-25 14:44:56
It's called a bluff. The whole point of BCC is to keep it around as a threat to the rest of the community in order to force them to accept the 2X part of SegWit2X.
@_date: 2017-07-27 07:26:06
BTC-e went offline for "unplanned maintenance" 2 days ago. Yesterday the news of the arrest and the FinCEN fine came out. Their latest Tweet stated that they'll need 5-10 days to restore service, but in reality it's anyones guess what's going to happen.
@_date: 2017-07-24 07:56:17
They did the same with the ETH/ETC split, so it's not that surprising. Though in that case, it seems that their policy was mostly triggered by the fact that they didn't insulate themselves against replay attacks, so were forced to adopt this policy since they had lost part of their ETC already.
@_date: 2017-07-28 14:14:45
So the bet is based on the following question: You have a selfish miner with one third of the network hashrate and honest miners with the rest.
A block with height N-1 is mined at t = -10 (all times in minutes). The selfish miner mines a block at height N at t = 0, but doesn't broadcast it. What is the expected time at which an honest miner mines a competing block at height N?
Craig Wright bet on the answer t =5, Peter Rizun bet on the answer t = 15.
However, I feel that the question is ill posed. Because it depends on your point of reference. At any point in time, the honest miners have an expected time to mine the next block of 15 minutes (the block interval is 10 minutes and the honest miners control two thirds of the hashrate).
If you take the moment the block at N-1 is mined (t = -10) as reference, then the expected averge time at which the honest miners will find a block at height N is at t = 5 (as CW said).
However, if you start looking from the time the selfish miner mined the block and didn't broadcast, then the expected time is t = 15 (as PR said).
I'm inclined to favour the view of PR as it best matches the interpretation of the situation they're trying to discuss the best. However, with the question being as ill posed as it is, it is not well suited for a bet.
@_date: 2017-07-17 12:49:59
BIP91 is the mechanism that SegWit2X uses to force SegWit activation. Once 80% or more of the blocks signal BIP91, the miners will start to drop all blocks that don't signal for SegWit, thereby ensuring SegWit lock-in and activation.
@_date: 2017-07-17 10:33:42
This is the expected next step of SegWit2X. Once 80%+ of all blocks in a ~2 day period are of this type, miners that run the SegWit2X software still start to drop any block that doesn't signal SegWit. 
@_date: 2017-07-21 16:21:11
xbt.eu has a list of the most recent blocks, their block version and time it was mined. Can use that to find the most recent non-SegWit-signalling block.
@_date: 2017-07-24 14:45:48
Yes, because a large part of Ethereums current valuation is based on people buying it to get into ICOs. Most of these ICO-issuers likely haven't cashed their Ethers yet, hoping for price appreciation. But as soon as some ICOs start to falter, it could cause a chain reaction.
Remember that some ICOs made enough money to employ a large (20+) developer team for their full professional lives without even having a product on the market. That's an insane amount of money and there are bound to be ICOs that don't live up to the expectations and that will crash and burn.
Angel investors &amp; venture capitalists know that most of the things they invest in will fail to make a profit. ICOs largely seek the same type of funding, but from inexperienced Joe Average traders.
@_date: 2017-07-24 08:01:17
BCC comes from the hard-fork threat that Bitmain made as a response to UASF. It has bigger blocks and no SegWit. Bitmain has since joined the New York Agreement and is now signalling SegWit, but there are a bunch of people, mainly Bitcoin Unlimited supporters, that have taken the code and developed it further. It will fork off from the main chain on August 1.
@_date: 2017-07-19 06:44:01
Well, the start of signalling was scheduled for the 21st. We're now the 19th and already around 80%. So even though not everyone has started yet, it's not actually delaying.
@_date: 2017-07-31 16:38:46
The BCH algorithm will reduce the difficulty until it reaches that point. As long as there is enough hashpower to mine the first block in a reasonable amount of time, the rest will come at increasing frequency.
@_date: 2017-07-18 10:05:52
The community is incredibly divided on the subject. Most (but not all) people consider SegWit to be a good development, but many argue about the best way to deploy SegWit and about whether or not to deploy certain other changes to Bitcoin.
A word of advice: Use a very healthy dose of skepticism with anything you read on the subject, because there are very few objective analyses on this. Many people feel very strongly about the matter one way or the other and will inject these feelings into their posts, whether that be blatantly obvious (by calling the "other side" various not-so-nice names) or well hidden.
@_date: 2017-07-24 14:09:17
I'm pretty sure that the reason that BCC price is still holding up on ViaBTC is that there aren't many people that trust ViaBTC enough for them to freeze their Bitcoins until after the fork-date. The high price for BCC includes the perceived risk premium.
After the fork, if some of the more mainstream exchanges start offering BCC, I expect a huge rush of people trying to offload their BCC.
@_date: 2017-07-18 06:11:48


bit 4 isn't just symbolic. All clients running the SW2X software will start to drop all blocks that don't signal SegWit on bit 1 once bit 4 / BIP91 has been activated (80% threshold over 336 blocks for lock-in). Of course, they could run a client that signals bit 4, but doesn't enforce this behaviour, but the same could be said for clients that signal bit 1 and don't contain SegWit.
@_date: 2017-07-26 07:06:09
I highly doubt it's a mixer. You can't just mix 60K+ bitcoins. To effectively mix it, you need to have a multiple times the amount you're looking to mix. Any mixer that can handle 60K in one go would need to have several hundred K bitcoins passing through it.
@_date: 2017-07-17 12:07:25
If neither SegWit2X nor BIP148 gain enough support (note: the definition of "enough" is different in both cases), then everything stays as it is.
If SegWit2X fails to gain sufficient support (or fails to activate due to software issues) and BIP148 gains significant support, then things get a bit unclear. There are various scenarios that could happen depending on how much support there is for BIP148 (from users and miners) and how the miners that don't support BIP148 will react.
@_date: 2017-07-13 19:51:08
Kraken CEO Jesse Powell said in an interview that Kraken doesn't have a public opinion on the scaling issue, but that they consider it their duty to support and list coins of both chains if a split happens.
@_date: 2017-05-16 08:50:31
Scallywags steal pirate-movie and threaten to release it to pirates unless provided with booty.
@_date: 2017-07-24 06:02:05
If things stay the way they are: Nothing. The goal of the UASF was to reject all blocks that don't signal for SegWit. But the miners are already doing that through BIP91. If the miners stay on this course, then the UASF is already successful.
@_date: 2017-07-31 22:10:24
With 70% of the hashrate remaining on BTC, expected block times would be a bit more than 14 minutes on average, instead of the regular 10 minutes. This will be noticeable if blocks are full, but won't be dramatic.
@_date: 2017-07-17 11:28:32


BIP148 and SegWit2X are two different approaches to forcing a SegWit activation. They're compatible in such a way that if SegWit2X is successful, then BIP148 clients will peacefully coexist with SegWit2X, with SegWit being activated. However, SegWit2X also contains a much more controversial block-size increase, which is scheduled to take place 3 months later. If SegWit activates via SegWit2X, then we'll be seeing plenty of debate (or less polite forms thereof) on the "2X" part of SegWit2X.


95% of the miners must signal for SegWit in order to activate it. This won't change. What's going to happen with SegWit2X is that once 80% of the miners signals SegWit2X support, these miners will start to drop all blocks that don't signal SegWit. This means that miners not signalling SegWit will be effectively banned from contributing to the chain by the 80%+ majority. Once this happens, 100% of all blocks will be signalling SegWit and the activation threshold will be reached.
UASF / BIP148 uses a similar approach, but instead relies on users/nodes rather than miners (although miners are free to run BIP148 if they support this cause). BIP148 users start to drop all blocks that don't signal SegWit starting from the 1st of August. The goal of BIP148 is to gather a sufficiently large group of economically relevant nodes that miners are forced to switch to SegWit signalling or lose out on potential revenues. But if come August 1 all blocks are already signalling SegWit due to SegWit2X, then the UASF will accomplish its goal without doing anything.


The supporters of SegWit2X and BIP148 form 2 mostly disjoint groups. SegWit2X is primarily an initiative by the miners, who are seeking an increase of the block size (the "2X" part). Previous attempts have been made to establish consensus for a block size upgrade instead of SegWit, but these have not succeeded. SegWit2X is a compromise solution that includes both SegWit and a block size increase.
UASF is largely a user-centric project. UASF primarily consists of users who support SegWit, but are tired of the delays in its activation. The UASF is something of an ultimatum from the users to the miners. Even now that SegWit2X appears to have sufficient miner support, UASF users continue on their path, largely as a way to keep the miners to stick to the plan by keeping the UASF ultimatum alive.
@_date: 2017-07-18 12:01:45
We have yet to see longlasting friction in the Ethereum community (in principle you could consider the TheDAO hardfork a division of the Ethereum community. The fork was rather controversial and the fact that ETC still lives on means that there are plenty of people with strong feelings who refuse to join the economic majority), but it will come. Whenever there's a lot of money at stake, there will be conflicting interests. And it's only very recent that Ethereum has become worth this much.
Ethereum has a plan to switch to PoS. If you think the Bitcoin-miners are being obsctructionist over a possible reduction in fee-income, just wait and see what'll happen when Ethereum tries to put all miners out of business. While Ethereum mining doesn't use specialzied hardware in the way Bitcoin does, I'm sure there are still a number of large players with considerable money invested in Ethereum mining that are going to resist the PoS transition.
Other coins may tackle certain issues more rapidly than Bitcoin does, especially since they can learn from those that went before them. But it's very likely that these coins will face all the same issues that Bitcoin has faced or is facing. Bitcoin simply got there first, by being the first and (for now) biggest cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2017-07-20 13:52:48
79 blocks remaining in this signalling period at the time I write this. That's 13 hours and 10 minutes at the average rate of 10 minutes per block. In reality, it'll likely be slightly faster than that as a result of new hashpower being brought online.
@_date: 2017-07-31 08:40:03
If your wallet-software says the balance is OK, then it's OK. Change addresses are a bit of a confusing feature for many people and the availability of block explorers that allow you to see what's going on under the hood without fully understanding the process doesn't help.
@_date: 2017-07-31 10:46:25
That depends on what fraction of the miners will switch to BCH. And on their luck.
If just 1% switches, it will take 100 times as long to mine a BCH block than it does to mine a Bitcoin block. So 1000 minutes on average (16 hours).
@_date: 2017-07-24 12:34:02
Like they say in their blogpost, they created the "UAHF" (though there's noting user-activated about it) as a potential response to the UASF. But with the NYA / SegWit2X, the UASF won't actually change anything (although it will force miners to stick to the plan), so Bitmains UAHF plan becomes redundant.
However, a bunch of people took that plan and created the BitcoinABC/BCC client with it, with the intention to hardfork to a non-SegWit / bigblock chain on the 1st of August.
Bitmain is now saying that they're sticking with SegWit2X/NYA as agreed and not mine BCC when it goes live. But they reserve the option to offer services to the BCC chain. That presumably means opening up a pool for it, should it become profitable to do so.
@_date: 2019-05-13 12:28:43
A full node has to communicate constantly with the network. This means you either need to have a plan with a very high data cap or be connected to wifi most of the time. Also, constantly using network connectivity is a big drain on battery.
@_date: 2017-07-21 06:57:27
Assuming everything continues on the current path, then yes, UASF won't do anything because the dropping of non-SW blocks will have started on the 23rd already.
That doesn't mean that UASF is useless. It still serves to keep the miners honest since it gives a "If you won't do it, we will" statement.
@_date: 2017-07-31 06:47:17
@_date: 2017-07-26 20:58:23
I assume you're talking about the WizSec report? In that report WizSec claims that some of the transactions with the MtGox coins went directly into the "internal storage" (cold wallet?) of BTC-e, bypassing the normal customer deposit addresses. I'm not sure how they determined this, but it does imply that Vinnik was more than just a customer at BTC-e.
@_date: 2017-07-31 17:03:55
How many miners will be mining BCH with 1 block per hour for ~6 weeks until the next regular difficulty-adjustment (which won't completely correct for the drop in hashrate, since part of the 2016 block interval is pre-fork)? Assuming, based on the ViaBTC future-tokens, that the price of BCH is considerably lower than that of BTC, it's going to be a losing proposition for people to mine BCH during this period.
I can see miners jumping on once the difficulty has adjusted completely, but anyone not strongly ideologically aligned with BCH will likely stay away initially. In addition, if unless exchanges and other economic entities lower the number of confirmations required for BCH transactions, transacting BCH will be uncomfortably slow in this critical initial period.
To me it would've made more sense to deliberately overshoot on the difficulty reduction and have a fast block time just after the fork and then build the difficulty back up to a normal level. This would've offered miners an incentive to hop on immediately and would've provided enough capacity for the inevitable initial burst of transactions.
Because right now, I'm sure that tomorrow at 12:20 there will be a lot of people wondering when they can finally transact their BCH.
@_date: 2017-07-21 06:52:37


GPUs? Do you even Bitcoin?
Bitcoin mining hardware is worthless if it's not mining Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-07-30 16:23:57


Not necessarily, because there still need to some bids on the book that you can dump into. If you're so fast that you're dumping into a mostly empty orderbook, then you're not getting a good price.
I expect that the BCC price will be extremely volatile for a few hours until the dust settles.
@_date: 2017-07-20 09:58:34
Try 
@_date: 2017-07-28 08:14:20
You create a hardfork by running software that has looser rules than the rest of the network.
For example, currently the block reward is 12.5 BTC. Any block where the miner awards himself more than 12.5 BTC + the combined fees is rejected by all nodes in the network ("version A").
If a group of nodes and miners decided to run a new version ("version B") that, starting from a specific block, allows for this block reward to be 125 BTC instead, then as soon as such a block is mined, all version A nodes will reject it, while version B nodes accept it.
Miners using B will continue to build on this block, while miners using A will pretend it never happened and carry on with the blockchain as they know it. The result is a divergence between the two branches of the blockchain.
There are some additional subtleties involved. For example, in the above scenario blocks mined with version A (12.5 BTC block reward) are still seen as valid by B, so as long as A has the hashrate-majority, the B-miners will keep following the A-chain (and their B-blocks will be rejected). This can be remedied by enforcing a split in the B-software by requiring that the first block past the fork-time must be invalid on the A-chain (so a reward &gt;12.5 BTC). By enforcing this requirement, the B-miners are certain to properly split from the A-chain.
Note that creating a hardfork isn't actually that big a deal. Anyone with a bit of C++ knowledge could modify the Bitcoin Core code to create a new rule set that is incompatible with the current chain. They can then artifically reduce the mining difficulty (which would already create a hardfork by itself) and solo-mine blocks on the new chain. An easy way to create your own person hardfork of Bitcoin.
Of course, doing a hardfork properly is far more complicated than that. But the basics are fairly simple.
@_date: 2017-07-21 08:35:02
The "BitcoinABC" hard fork is unlikely to actually happen. Or, more specifically, it may happen and 5 users with a miner in their basement will find themselves on a fork that is going nowhere.
I was surprised that Coinbase even sent out an email about it, considering the amount of confusion it has generated.
@_date: 2017-07-19 18:10:30
BitcoinABC or the Bitmain UAHF (same thing, different names) is scheduled to activate directly after the UASF. Bitmain said they would mine this chain if UASF gains significant support.
Note that this won't happen if BIP91 activation happens as intended.
If you have coins on Coinbase, get them out before August 1st, so July 31st at the latest. Keep a day or two extra buffer to be sure in the event of delays.
@_date: 2017-07-25 21:22:41
No, the various forks of Bitcoin have nothing to do with securities. The SEC has a problem with the ICOs on the Ethereum blockchain that are very thinly veiled share sales.
A bitcoin is just a bitcoin. You stick it in a wallet and then spend it one something. It's not a share in a company.
Note that in the past the SEC has been going after services that offered the equivalent of a stock market for Bitcoin-denominated stocks. Places like BTCT.co and Bitfunder used to operate as marketplaces for Bitcoin-stocks until the SEC shut them down.
@_date: 2015-02-01 09:33:26
Businesses with a low profit margin often can't accept volatility risk. They have to pay their suppliers and employees with fiat currency, so a downtrend like we had in 2014 could easily bankrupt such a business.
The cost for hedging can be priced into a business model far more easily than the amount of volatility that the bitcoin-exchange-rate undergoes.
@_date: 2017-07-21 06:50:38
They wouldn't need to switch. Now that 91 is locked in, it'll do the same as 148, except that 91 will start doing it next sunday, whereas 148 will be a week later.
@_date: 2017-07-18 13:46:54
To lock it in, yes. But UASF/BIP148 doesn't require a lock-in before Aug 1, it requires blocks to signal SegWit readiness starting on that date. So as long as all miners are signalling SegWit at that time, the UASF won't do anything (because it will have achieved its purpose). And the miners signalling SegWit is forced through the BIP91 mechanism that they're currently deploying.
@_date: 2017-07-21 09:14:44
Miners like Jihan are in it for the money. Jihan is sitting on a massive pile of hardware as well as a business that sells it and the value of all that is directly tied to the value of Bitcoin.
He may have strong ideological viewpoints, but at the end of the day, those aren't worth burning down your money-printing-factory for. He advocated, strongly, against SegWit, but the larger community has spoken and overruled him.
There's no need to trust Jihan. You just have to trust the financial incentives that are in place and the notion that human greed outweighs ideology. And that is exactly how Bitcoin was designed to operate.
@_date: 2015-02-05 09:08:19
Dear Ben,
I want to change the font size of the headers on the website of my Bitcoin Business from 12pt to 13pt.
Can I? Pretty Please?
Hugs and kisses,
Bitcoin Businessman
@_date: 2017-07-20 21:44:08
All they need to do is change a single digit in the code, recompile and they're good to go. There's no need to "install Segregated Witness", it's already part of Bitcoin Core and BTC1. But even if it weren't, it'll still be a month before SegWit activates. All that is needed for the miners to not get their blocks dropped is to change the version field to 0x20000012, which is a supersimple adjustment.
@_date: 2015-11-06 10:14:04
Any site that offers such a large guaranteed return on investment is per definition some kind of Ponzi or pyramid scheme. You can search any bitcoin-related discussion forum and find that there have been multiple instances of an "investment site" like this that offer amazing returns and, initially, offer great customer service and make good on their promise until suddenly they don't anymore. You'll see people defending the site to the bitter end despite warnings from more sensible folks.
If you believe that you can go from 300K satoshis (barely more than $1 at todays rates) to over $10K worth of bitcoin in one year with a safe investment that is open for everyone to just sign up, then you need to get your common sense gland checked.
@_date: 2017-07-21 12:51:56
Since this morning 10:16 (CEST), all of them.
@_date: 2017-07-19 15:58:55
Currently (~16:00 UTC), there are 230 blocks left in the current 336-block signalling period. At 10 minutes per block, that's 38 hours and 20 minutes, meaning this signalling period will end at 06:20 UTC, 21 July.
In reality, it will likely end slightly sooner because blocks tend to arrive a bit faster than once per 10 minutes on average, due to hashrate being added to the network.
The length of a full signalling period is 336 blocks or 2 days and 8 hours (at 10 minutes per block).
@_date: 2017-07-18 06:09:27
UASF/BIP148 seeks to achieve the same thing that SW2X is currently trying to achieve: Activating SegWit. SW2X is on track to force everyone to start signalling SegWit before UASF will start trying that (1 August).
Of course, SW2X will work to implement the "2X" part of the agreement 3 months from now, but that'll be a debate for another time. Right now, the 2X code hasn't even been written yet.
@_date: 2017-07-31 10:31:10
Not much. Because it'll take a long time for that first BCH block to be mined. The Bitcoin Cash difficulty adjustment mechanism works by measuring the mining time of the last 6 blocks. If nothing is being mined, it won't kick in yet.
And even after it activates, it only reduces the difficulty by 20% per block. So the second BCH block will take a long time as well.
And while BCH blocks can be up to 8 MB in size, there will be so many people trying to get their BCH to exchanges for dumping that these 2 daily blocks will be filled to the brim.
Ironically, the big-block chain will be bogged down and overloaded, while pre-SegWit 1MB Bitcoin will happily chug along.
@_date: 2017-07-04 22:11:47
Nothing really. It's just a miner saying "hey guys, I'm planning on doing BIP148". It has no actual effect. Come the 1st of August it will be important how many users and miners are supporting BIP148 / UASF, but any signalling done right now is just for show (and users/miners can easily start or stop using BIP148 software, so that blurs things even more).
@_date: 2017-07-20 10:18:44
Kraken CEO Jesse Powell recently did an interview which you can listen to here:
One of the things he said is that Kraken doesn't intend to take sides in any fork, but does feel an obligation to offer coins on both branches of the fork to its consumers. So based on that, you can expect Kraken to allow you access to coins from both sides should a fork happen.
Of course, if you keep the coins in your own wallet, you'll always have full control yourself. Transferring them is fairly simple: Just install whatever wallet-software you prefer, use it to generate an address and then initiate a Bitcoin withdrawal to that address from your Kraken account.
@_date: 2017-07-24 18:50:38
What I mean is that people consider freezing their BTC on ViaBTC as a risky or undesirable action. So there is only a small number of people obtaining the BCC-tokens and therefore a limited amount of selling pressure.
Judging by the posts here and on many people are interested in selling their BCC once the fork happens, but few are willing to use the ViaBTC process to be able to sell them now. That's what's keeping the BCC price up.
@_date: 2017-07-20 12:06:34
Signalling BIP91 is indeed very simple, but enforcing BIP91 may not be. It's possible that Slush has concerns about this particular part of the BTC1 code and is therefore holding off on signalling BIP91, not wanting to signal something he doesn't want to enforce just yet.
In any case, it's a moot point now. More than 80% of the hashrate is signalling BIP91 right now and while there's still a decent chance that we won't make the lock-in during this signalling period, the next one should be no problem.
@_date: 2017-07-31 18:26:37


Start at line 63
@_date: 2017-07-20 14:29:30
Totally safe. The lock-in doesn't do anything other than signal to all network participants that the new rules will soon go into effect. After the lock-in, a period of 336 blocks (2 days, 8 hours) will pass before the rules become active.
Once that happens, miners will start to drop blocks that don't signal for SegWit. This could have an effect, but not if all miners switch to signalling SegWit. After that, another period of at least 2 weeks will pass with just signalling until SegWit locks in. Following that is another period of 2 weeks before SegWit activates. And even that is not really a major concern, because SegWit is backwards compatible, so you'll still be able to transact even if you're wallet is not up-to-date.
The path we're currently on will avoid forks (at least until november, when the proposed 2X fork will be implemented, which will open a whole new can of worms), so as long as people stay on this path, it should be smooth sailing. But no matter what, the next few days will definitely be safe to transact.
@_date: 2017-07-31 14:34:46
Not sure what policies exchanges will be using, but I wouldn't be surprised if some people will be waiting for their transaction to take more than a day to be fully confirmed by the exchange.
In any case, a quick dump directly after 12:20 is not going to happen, I feel. Of course, we'll have to wait and see when exchanges that credit BCH to its users will do so. But I reckon that these exchanges will wait until they've successfully split the BCH from their BTC before doing so.
@_date: 2017-07-25 19:47:12
That's not true at all. BCC is a fork. It'll contain the Bitcoin blockchain up to the fork-block and after that will develop its blockchain on a path that diverges from the Bitcoin blockchain. Nothing is being airdropped.
@_date: 2017-07-18 13:47:07
@_date: 2017-07-17 14:06:11
SegWit2X only differs from SegWit in the way that it will be activated. The actual SegWit-code is the same in both implementations.
And your comments regarding future changes based on miner consensus are possible regardless of what happens with SegWit(2X). If enough miners decide that only blocks mined on a tuesday are valid, then that's the chain they'll build. (Whether users / nodes follow them in this is another matter of course.)
@_date: 2017-07-21 12:49:48
If all miners had started signalling bit1 at the same time they started signalling bit4, SegWit still wouldn't have been locked in.
The previous 2016 block cycle started on July 14, while BIP91 signalling started on the 17th. Assuming that everyone started signalling BIP91 on that day (which didn't happen), that's 3 days out of about 14 without BIP91 signalling, or ~21%. Assuming that before BIP91, about 50% of the network signalled SegWit on bit1, that reduces the number of blocks without SegWit signalling in this cycle to ~10%, still more than the maximum of 5% allowed for lock-in.
Even under these unrealistically optimistic assumptions, there was no way to get SegWit locked in one cycle earlier. 
@_date: 2019-05-21 11:47:32
Before you set up a 2FA account, print out the page with the QR code. Then scan the QR code from the print for the setup process (this verifies that the print is sufficiently readable).
You then store the printout in whatever place you use to store important physical documents.
@_date: 2015-03-28 16:19:00
These numbers are not outlawed in the sense that there has never been a court ruling against someone using them. There is a piece of code, DeCSS, used to crack DVD encryption that is outlawed. Clever mathematicians and computer scientists quickly went to demonstrate that digital data is, in essence, nothing more than a number.
This raises the dilemma whether a piece of digital information can be truly illegal, since it's essentially just a number. There has been no judicial ruling on that matter.
@_date: 2015-02-23 14:32:48
"Technical Analysis", but probably more accurately described as "Chart Astrology".
The concept that future price movement depends on patterns in previous price history. It works (sometimes), because people believe it works and will act accordingly. You can see this happening when some of the more popular "signals" are triggered, such as a crossover of 2 moving averages. If a price increase is predicted at this event, people will buy when it happens (or have bots programmed for this) and that drives the price up.
A self-fulfilling prophecy.
@_date: 2019-05-10 07:12:44


In fact, Tether uses the Omni platform for its "stablecoin" and Omni is simply a token-layer on the Bitcoin blockchain (Tether also started using the Ethereum platform, but originally they were exclusively using Omni/Bitcoin). Any Tether transaction is a Bitcoin transaction.
Tether has issues with the fiat-side of their business, but the crypto-side works just fine, using Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-07-12 19:09:32


While Bitstamp has been hacked, they didn't push the losses onto their users. Instead they were able to soak up the loss (~$5M) with their own funds + investor money.
@_date: 2017-07-21 13:06:36
Poloniex users are probably far more active. Poloniex is for trading, whereas Coinbase is primarily for one-off purchases (or sales, but who does that?!) every now and then.
I'd guess that the average Coinbase user just buys something every one or two months or so and doesn't use the website otherwise.
@_date: 2017-07-21 09:17:28
No. It means they won't support BitcoinABC / Bitcoin Cash / whatever else that hardfork attempt that will not gain any support is called.
Their email was more or less pointless as it only confused people more by discussing something that is extremely unlikely to actually happen.
@_date: 2017-07-19 12:54:09
On, not before.
But considering that signalling was only supposed to start on the 21st, already locking in on that day isn't that bad.
@_date: 2017-07-21 14:19:19
This is a fairly common scam. And it's also pretty easy to pull off with one form of payment being easily reversible (PayPal) while the other is not (Bitcoin). And the scammer coupled it with asking a third party (the MacBook buyers) to provide the funds for the Bitcoin-purchase, while they thought they were paying for their purchase.
Since you've already sent the Bitcoin, there's no surefire way to get your money back. The best you can do is report the incident to the police on the offchance that they catch the scammer.
When selling Bitcoin in this way, always require that the sender provide a comment in his transaction (be it a wire transfer or PayPal transaction), stating that the transfer is for the purpose of buying Bitcoin. With this precaution, the scammer is unlikely to get third parties to send you money.
@_date: 2015-02-06 10:51:03


As is the common, but flawed, view of hordes of people who have the basic math knowledge to understand the concept of expectation values, but totally miss out on game theory and, more specifically, the non-linear utility function of money for most people.
@_date: 2017-07-31 17:54:00


No, it compared the time needed for the last 6 blocks. And if that's &gt;12hr, the difficulty is adjusted for the next block. If no block is mined, the difficulty will not get adjusted.
@_date: 2017-07-21 08:29:01
And ViaBTC is signalling as well now. Less than 10% of the network hashrate is not signalling right now, mainly consisting of BTC.com and Canoe. Both of those pools signalled BIP91, so I expect them to switch over soon as well.
@_date: 2017-07-27 12:55:16
0.00000003 is too small a value. It is considered "dust" by most nodes and was most likely dropped, especially since I assume that there was no fee included in the transaction.
If you want to test a paper wallet (or any other type of wallet), use a transaction that has at least some value (for example 0.001 BTC, which is about $2.5) and include the appropriate transaction fee. Yes, you'll lose a bit of money in tx-fees with this test, but that's the way it is.
@_date: 2017-07-31 20:09:43
I'm assuming that there will be some miners that switch around the time of the fork. So the ViaBTC numbers are likely too low an estimate. Still, even if 2-5% of the network switches, it'll still take a long time for BCH to get a reasonable block rate.
@_date: 2017-07-27 14:35:21
BU let miners signal their desired blocksize. The /EB1/AD6 strings in the coinbase-transaction are these signals.
I'm not sure what features BCC currently has, but the project was developed independently from BU. BU developers are contributing to the project and it is conceivable that they'll make BU compatible with BCC (or simply drop BU altogether and rally behind BCC).
@_date: 2017-07-28 14:04:49
BitConnect is an altcoin unrelated to the upcoming Bitcoin Cash fork. BitConnect has been using the BCC code since long before Bitcoin Cash was created.
For this reason, some exchanges will refer to Bitcoin Cash as BCH instead.
@_date: 2015-02-09 13:34:27
Larger blocks take longer to be verified by other nodes and consequently longer to propagate through the network.
A miner that completely fills up a block will have a (slightly) larger chance of seeing that block being orphaned by a smaller competing block that is mined at approximately the same time. Some miners value the potential loss of this higher than the potential gains of including more transactions.
@_date: 2016-07-30 08:28:29
You are correct. As long as Coinbase doesn't recognize ETC, there's nothing going on.
They weren't very smart not splitting their ETH/ETC, because if anything they could've at least dumped their ETC on an exchange for more profits, but the way things are, nothing was lost.
@_date: 2017-07-31 17:53:09
Just because noone attacked it, doesn't mean that noone was able to. Also, ETH/ETC mining is more decentralized, since the barrier to entry for GPU mining is much lower. Bitcoin-mining has a number of large players that could attack a 1% hashpower chain.
@_date: 2017-07-20 10:51:51
The signalling was scheduled to start on the 21st. There's a decent chance that we will have a lock-in already on that date. BIP91 is well ahead of schedule, so some pools not being ready yet isn't really a concern.
@_date: 2017-07-20 09:58:00
You can't really make any trend judgements on this short a time frame. Variance is everything. Right now, the signalling level is so close to the threshold that a bout of good or bad luck can easily tilt the balance either way.
@_date: 2019-05-17 12:13:14
There's an analysis in [this StackExchange discussion]( from 2012 that tracks the original "pizza coins" and that finds that by 2012 they had been diluted across about 175,000 different addresses (and a total of more than 1 million addresses had been touched by the pizza coins at some point).
By now, this number will be much larger.
@_date: 2017-07-17 14:23:45
Many big exchanges have been rather quiet about their preferences, so it's hard to predict. But I assume that they'll probably slap the "BTC" label on whatever they feel has the largest userbase.
@_date: 2019-05-20 13:43:31


It likely won't happen like that.
There are 2 levels of mining profitability. The first is answering the question "If I buy mining machine X and run it, will I end up making more than I paid?" and the second is "I already have machine X, does running it yield me more in mining revenue than it costs in electricity/maintenance/AC?"
The answer to the first question will probably flip from "yes" to "no" for a lot of miners when the halvening happens. But for most miners with existing hardware, it'll most likely still be beneficial to keep on mining rather than let their devices collect dust. They'll make less money, but will still have a net income. Selling used devices in this scenario won't be that beneficial either, since the resale value of a mining device is closely linked to its expected profits.
The halvening will most likely see a, temporary, drop in demand for mining hardware, especially the older, less efficient models. But most of the existing hardware will chug as usual after the halvening. Older hardware will be gradually taken offline due to hardware failure or the older devices becoming uneconomical, so if there are no new devices efficient enough to be profitable in the post-halvening world, it would cause a decline in mining rate. But that won't happen immediately.
@_date: 2019-05-17 12:07:37


On the other hand, you could argue that without people like him trading BTC for actual goods, Bitcoin wouldn't have taken off the way it did.
So spending Bitcoin on pizza was a way to invest in the future of the currency.
@_date: 2017-06-28 08:33:41
Use their "beta" interface (there's link on the main trade page), which is essentially the cryptowat.ch (which Kraken acquired) interface hooked up to Kraken.
@_date: 2019-05-08 08:17:54
More people are watching right now. While some will keep some sort of alarm on these outputs, most people will forget about this in the months and years to come. So let the 7K sit still for 2-3 years and then start moving bits and pieces of it through mixers. It would still trigger some alarms, but it wouldn't draw nearly as much attention as if the coins would be moved around right away.
@_date: 2016-07-19 12:15:28
On top of that, their costs will still be in Dollars, so unless the convert their bitcoins, they won't be able to actually use them to pay staffers, transportation, supplies, etc...
@_date: 2017-07-20 15:52:53
Not very significant. Achieving the threshold in this signalling period was already fairly likely without Slush. And even if we would've missed it this cycle, the next one would've been fine too. Due to the way the timing works, it doesn't even matter for the eventual SegWit activation date whether we lock-in BIP91 this cycle, the next one or the one after that.
@_date: 2017-06-03 13:19:56
Remove the authenticator from your account and add it back again.
@_date: 2017-07-18 10:18:28
Signalling was only scheduled to start on the 21st. We're still plenty ahead of schedule.
@_date: 2016-07-12 09:44:09
They don't, but we try not to tell that to the chart astrologists too often or they might become upset.
@_date: 2019-05-08 08:06:42
He backed away from that idea now. Apparently claiming that he didn't know that it wasn't realistic.
In one way, this makes some sense, since Binance is mostly used for all kinds of shitty altcoins and tokens that no one has heard of. And for those altcoins, exchanges wield a massive amount of power. Being listed on Binance can be the difference between life and death for these coins, so with their dubious and centralized security models many of these altcoin developers would be able to do a rollback if Binance demanded it of them. They may have simply jumped to the standard mode of operations ("rollback our losses or else") before considering that they weren't dealing with one of the altcoins.
On the other hand: How can you consider yourself a major player in the crypto-business, even if you're primarily altcoin-focused, without knowing that Bitcoin doesn't succumb to centralized decision making like that?
@_date: 2017-06-16 10:03:08
BL3P is a different product though. It's a full exchange, whereas Bitonic itself is broker for buying/selling Bitcoins directly (and where the website is the counterparty, not another trader). Similar to Coinbase. As far as I know, the "classic" Bitonic service is not being expanded to the rest of Europe (they only offer Dutch and Belgian payment methods).
@_date: 2017-06-07 10:35:28
My point is in order for an attacker to replace the address that I copied to the clipboard by his own address in such a way that it beats my "quick check" of the first and last few characters, he'll have to generate an address with software like vanity-gen. Generating something that matches that first few characters is relatively fast, but this address will almost certainly have a different checksum than what I'm expecting.
So the attacker has to repeatedly try and generate addresses that match the first few characters until he finds one with the same checksum as the address he's trying to replace. And there are over 4 billion possible checksum values.
While the operation of checksumming is rather trivial as you've mentioned, the actual cost for the attacker comes from the need to generate potentially matching addresses until he gets one with the right checksum. That increases the computational cost by many orders of magnitude over just having to match the first few characters.
@_date: 2018-12-13 13:33:07


Google likely caches their Wikipedia-sourced summaries and only updates them periodically (there's really no need to update these summaries very often).
Trolling Google by editing Wikipedia in this way is a fairly regular occurrence. The vandalism edits typically get fixed pretty quickly on Wikipedia, but if you time it right you get it picked up by Google.
In this case, the edits are obvious in the history of the page: 
User "Smallbones" made the edit, which got reverted 24 minutes later. Smallbones reapplied the edit 11 minutes after that, but this time it took only 8 minutes for someone to revert the change. There have been no changes to the page since that last revert.
@_date: 2017-07-20 16:02:07
BIP91 lock-in and activation uses a 336 block cycle. A cycle starts at an integer multiple of the blockheight (block 0, block 336, block 672, etc...). SegWit lock-in and activation uses the 2016 block cycle that is also used for mining difficulty adjustments.
We're currently at block 476,717. This 336-block cycle will end with block 476,783. On the other hand, the current 2016-block cycle will end with block 477,791. That means that there are still 3 full 336-block cycles after this one completes before the next 2016-block cycle starts.
One such 336-block cycle is needed as a buffer period between lock-in and activation, so that leaves 2 more full cycles that we can wait with locking in BIP91 without delaying SegWit activation.
@_date: 2017-06-22 11:34:13
And they probably had to show that they have a working product, come up with realistic roadmaps to expand and have at least some hope of making a profit in the future.
Really, doing an ICO is just so much easier.
@_date: 2019-05-22 07:50:04
You keep them in different locations, far enough away from each other that if a disaster is able to take all of them out, then you'll have bigger problems than losing access to your coins.
@_date: 2017-06-13 08:32:19
No, it didn't. Until recently, nothing has ever come close to BTC in market cap. Which is not surprising, considering the large first-mover advantage Bitcoin has.
@_date: 2017-07-27 12:57:48
BU signalling is just a message in the coinbase-transaction, just like "NYA" for SegWit2X. It has no value unless people also run the BU client. And I don't think any of the big pools, even the BU-supporters, ran the actual BU client at any point in time.
They most likely modified the regular node software to emit BU-style signalling and have simply not removed this signalling, even though the project is dead and buried.
@_date: 2017-07-21 12:43:18
Agreed. BIP148/UASF certainly upped the stakes and served as a useful catalyst, but the whole thing was largely a collaborative effort.  
@_date: 2016-07-09 16:50:32
Happy Halvening everyone!
@_date: 2017-06-16 10:05:14
Problem is that most hardware wallets are sold out with a decent backorder, unless you're lucky to find a reseller that has some in stock.
@_date: 2017-06-07 05:12:27
I do the same. Always tab back to the webpage that displays the address I'm intending to send to to check the first few and last few characters.
Now this is not 100% foolproof, because very clever malware could also alter the webpage that displays the address to send to, but this is considerably more complicated than only altering the contents of the clipboard.
@_date: 2017-06-14 05:15:22
Yeah, Bancor was absurd. They raised enough money to pay 20 developers for 40 years and then some. And that's only 50% of the shares ("tokens") sold.
In what universe do people think this is reasonable for a company that doesn't have a product on the market yet? When the ICO bubble comes crashing down, it'll come crashing down hard. And much of the recent rise of ETH is fueled by the ICO mania.
@_date: 2017-06-16 04:59:05
They're very big in the Netherlands, but have almost no presence outside of it.
@_date: 2017-07-17 14:11:57
No one and everyone.
There's no central authority to decide these things (which is part of the point of Bitcoin). So people can name their coin whatever they want. It's likely that in the event of a hardfork, people will call the chain they support "BTC" and use whatever unflattering name they can think of for the other side.
Ultimately, the exchanges will play a large role in this too, as they are large economic players. However, people may still deviate from what exchanges do. Take Kraken for example: They currently use "XBT" for Bitcoin, whereas everyone else uses "BTC". Or Poloniex, which uses "STR" for the altcoin Stellar Lumen. However, other exchanges and the Stellar website itself use the code "XLM" instead.
@_date: 2017-06-07 06:12:02
Not really. The malware need only interact with the browser. Open the development console (usually with F12) and go to the DOM Explorer / Inspector (or whatever it is called). Here you can view and edit the complete structure and contents of the webpage (which can be useful if you want to create fake Tweets without having to use Photoshop).
Malware can do this as well (but directly without opening the dev console). It could be programmed to detect whenever a specific page is loaded (for example the deposit page of an exchange) and then replace the bitcoin address by an address owned by the attacker.
It's considerably more complicated than altering clipboard data, but it's still something that can be done 100% on the computer of the victim. The exchange or anything in between remains completely unaffected.
@_date: 2017-07-22 10:24:55
In the last 24 hours, there has only been 1 block that's not signalling SegWit. Unless that somehow changes (a miner backs out of signalling for example), the risks should be negligible.
@_date: 2015-02-16 08:34:23
Are you aware of payment processors like BitPay and Coinbase? You can accept Bitcoin through them and they will give you the equivalent in your local currency, without any exposure to exchange rate volatility. You tell them to bill your customer for $15 worth of Bitcoin, you end up with $15 in your bank account.
Minus their fee of course. Which is 1% or less. Considerably lower than CC fees and no chargebacks. There are some savings here that could be passed on to customers.
@_date: 2017-06-06 10:21:20
"default judgement" - the scammers didn't even bother to show up in court.
@_date: 2017-06-16 16:00:35
No, hardware wallets are more complex than that. The idea behind a hardware wallet is that the private key never leaves some secure chip inside the wallet. You create a transaction by setting things it up on a computer, with software compatible with the hw wallet. Then the software transmits the unsigned transaction to the hw wallet, which displays it on its display and then the user has to perform some action on the hw wallet (such as pressing a button) to confirm it.
Only then does the hw wallet sign the transaction, completely within the secure environment, and it will only return the signed transaction to the computer for broadcasting. The private key is never revealed to the computer in this process. If you use a USB stick with wallet, then the private key is accessible and vulnerable at least part of the time that the USB stick is connected.
@_date: 2019-05-20 06:55:52
If that was the true driver, then the current rally would've been much shorter. Because people looking to get out of Tether/Bitfinex would've transferred their BTC to other exchanges and sold them for actual Dollars. If your intention is to hold Dollars (be they real ones or Tether-equivalents), you don't put everything into BTC for longer than the time you need to transfer it.
@_date: 2019-05-20 13:35:55


Neither, since they're both predictions. The time to the halvening is measured in blocks mined, not in actual days, hours or minutes.
Normally, a block is mined every 10 minutes on average, so you can easily produce an estimate for the next halvening date by calculating how many blocks are still to be mined, multiplying that by 10 minutes and adding that amount to the current date and time.
However, in the past, blocks have been coming in more frequently than once per 10 minutes, because as long as the total mining power in the network is going up more or less continuously, the average block interval will be below 10 minutes. And that's what's been happening.
An accurate prediction of the next halvening date would try to predict how quickly more hashpower is added to the network and would likely return a prediction that is slightly earlier than the naïve prediction using 10 minutes per block.
@_date: 2017-06-08 06:20:41
It sounds like it's a US only thing, but I don't know what payment processor Kraken uses for non-US / non-EU clients (for EU clients they use the Bitcoin-friendly Fidor bank).
@_date: 2017-06-27 11:07:18
Just eyeballing the chart, the blue line is indicating a 100-fold increase in 4 years (May 2013 - May 2017). Following that trend, the blue line should be north of $100K in 2021 and the actual Bitcoin price above it.
@_date: 2017-06-06 10:18:23


Note that typos are unlikely to cause trouble. Bitcoin addresses have a checksum in them (the last 4 characters) that serves as a protection against typos. There's a chance of only 1 in 4 billion (approximately) that you can typo your way into a valid address.
Malware replacing the address is possible, but still rather unlikely (for now). If your exchange offers it, make sure to enable security features like email validation for withdrawals. That way, you get an email containing the details of the withdrawal that lets you verify the address again. For the reverse transaction, the Ledger Nano S ( did you get the "S" or the more basic "Ledger Nano"?) shows the transaction details on the display and you can verify it there before pushing the buttons to confirm it.
@_date: 2017-06-20 06:48:48
Addresses like the BitcoinEater address do have a private key. It's just that noone has found it (and noone ever will). A private key is just a number between 0 and 2^(256). Every valid address corresponds to a large number of private keys. But finding a private key that is associated with a given address is impossible (as in: the universe will end in a heat death (or big crunch, cosmologists haven't definitively ruled that one out yet) before you'll find one).
@_date: 2017-06-14 11:50:55
Transactions made with your bank card can be monitored or, if necessary, blocked.
You already have to declare any cash you bring in if it exceeds $10K, this new bill would simply be an extension to that. Cryptocurrencies are a bit funny in that way, since you don't have to bring any specific physical object (or even data on a storage device) with you to have access to a "cash-equivalent" (in the sense that it can't be traced or blocked) wherever you are.
@_date: 2015-02-25 10:44:40
Yeah, Kraken is located in SF, but their business in the US is rather limited still. The reason? Bank issues. For a while they had to completely stop USD-deposits since their US bank dumped them. I think they now provide services in the US again, but no idea if that's in all states or just some.
@_date: 2017-06-21 13:36:47
You won't be able to do much to restore access to your account without the help of Poloniex support. But they're swamped right now and I have no idea to what extent they prioritize situations like this.
In the meantime, try and find out what the source of the attack was. Did you use the same login details on Poloniex as on other websites? Note that it happens quite frequently that a website get their user database hacked and if the website didn't take proper measures to protect passwords, then an attacker might be able to obtain complete sets of login credentials from such a database and he can try these on other websites.
Another very common cause is a keylogger. Malware on your computer that records your keystrokes (and possible much more) and transmits it to the attacker. The safest way to get rid of this is the completely wipe your harddisk and reinstall the operating system and other software.
Finally, in the future, enable 2FA on every website where anything of value is stored, whether that be (crypto)currency or valuable data.
@_date: 2017-06-07 09:19:55
The last few characters of an address are a checksum whose value depends on the rest of the address. While you can generate an address with certain fixed characters relatively easily as long as the number of fixed characters is small, correctly generating an address that mimics both a certain number of characters at the start and has the correct checksum is considerably more difficult.
@_date: 2017-06-21 07:26:22
It's likely that Polo will simply credit the Stellar to the accounts of Bitcoin holders. But there may be some intricacies when it comes to BTC that is loaned for margin trading.
@_date: 2017-06-28 10:21:53
That's still not convincing. What if the potential payoff of holding the private keys hostage is considerably more than the income from the main service? Or you don't feel like continuing your service and perform an exit scam in this way.
But even if people would trust your intentions, where's the protection against technical issues, outages, data loss, etc... 
I'll say it again: 2-of-2 multisig where you don't know the second party is a bad idea. The very minimum to do is to use 2-of-3 multisig with 2 unknown and unrelated parties, because at least that way one of the unknown parties can screw up without you losing access to your funds.
@_date: 2016-05-02 08:50:30
That's a regular physical signature. Cryptographic signatures work a bit differently. Normally, only the person holding the private key of a private/public keypair (and by extension, a bitcoin address) is able to sign a message with that key.
Cryptographic signatures are being used to verify identity of a counterparty in all kinds of secure communication, including very common protocols such as HTTPS. The presence of a valid signature proves that it was created by the person owning the associated private key.
If Wright has been able to produce a valid signed message from one of the addresses commonly associated with Satoshi, then either he is Satoshi or the real Satoshi created this signed message and it somehow ended up in Wrights hands.
@_date: 2017-06-03 10:50:52
This is false. When you setup an Authenticator-app (such as Google Authenticator), you're presented with a QR code and/or an alphanumeric key. You have to scan or enter this code to activate the functionality.
If you print or otherwise store the QR code and/or the key, you can at any time redo the procedure to restore your authenticator on  another device.
@_date: 2017-06-09 07:23:45
Specifically, BT is the prefix for Bhutan in the ISO standard. If BT wouldn't have been in use, Bitcoin may have had a case for using BTC as currency code (since not all non-country-specific currencies start with an X, notable exception being EUR). But with BT already taken, it makes sense to aim for XBT.
That is, unless someone can convince Bhutan to make Bitcoin their national currency...
@_date: 2017-06-30 11:41:21
Are you in need of a safe space because there are people here who are not agreeing with your views?
@_date: 2017-06-01 11:50:02
A hardware wallet is likely the best solution for long-term HODL.
@_date: 2017-06-14 22:06:25


Time to dig up my USB Block Erupter. 300 MHash/s, go!
@_date: 2017-06-21 07:28:47
At current rates, you'll get about 1.5% of your value in BTC from this airdrop. But that percentage will likely go down as many people dump their newly obtained Stellar on the day of the airdrop (and others might take a short position in the days leading up to it). It's a nice bonus, but I don't think that's big enough to shake the altcoin market and cause a large moneyflow back to BTC.
@_date: 2019-05-23 08:08:20
It's not actually related to any software exploits on the side of the user.
What happens is that the scammers take one of the many email-lists from hacked websites and send out this email to everyone on the list. They hope that at least some people are gullible enough to believe that they've been really hacked and will therefore pay the ransom.
There are a ton of variations to this email as the scammers mix up their phrasing to dodge evolving spam filters. But the core of it is always the same: the scammer claims to have hacked your pc and recorded compromising video material which they'll send out if you don't pay.
In some cases the scammer will use a database from a hacked website that stored user passwords in an insecure way (not hashed or using a weak algorithm like md5) and will therefore be able to also include your password (at least the one you used on the site that was hacked) in the email in order to add more authenticity to the claim. This will go an extra step in convincing people who extensively reuse passwords.
But at the end of the day, your computer wasn't compromised, but this email is all about a scammer trying to convince you that it was using information gathered from leaky websites.
@_date: 2017-06-27 13:01:23
Because the "NYA" flag of SegWit2X is just an "signal that indicates intent to signal SegWit". Nothing happens because of the 80%+ NYA signalling that we currently have. The next step for SegWit2X requires the release of the SegWit2X software that includes a flag on signalling bit 4. Once 80% of the network is signalling on bit 4, these nodes will start to reject all blocks that don't signal on bit 1.
And it's bit 1 signalling which is what will ultimately trigger the activation of SegWit, once 95% does so. So the NYA-miners will at some point start to reject all blocks that don't signal for the activation of SegWit (provided they keep 80% of the network). This will force a chain split, as the miners that don't signal for SegWit will no longer be compatible with the NYA-miners. This split is likely to be shortlived as the remaining miners are expected to join the majority. At that point, regardless of whether the minority chain miners join the majority or not, the NYA-chain will have &gt;95% SegWit signalling (by definition, since any non-SW block will be dropped) and activation will be triggered.
However, until miners actually commit to bit 4 signalling and dropping of non-SW-signalling blocks, nothing is certain yet. The NYA-flag is completely non-binding and any miners may simply decide to not follow through.
@_date: 2017-06-07 05:14:06
If you would send the entire 2 BTC to the target address in one go, it would also reveal this link as the tx would be built from both the coinbase and localbitcoins tx-outs. For this purpose, it doesn't matter if you first send a small test transaction followed by the remainder to the same address or if you send everything at once. The amount of information that others can obtain about you remains the same.
@_date: 2013-10-04 07:34:47
As a background story, the player 'mechs' was invested with ~1700 BTC when he withdrew the coins because he was dissatisfied with the large loss the site had taken. Due to a mistake the withdrawal address was from a paper wallet that mechs had thrown out.
Having already counted the 1700 BTC lost, mechs took a last search through the dumpster and found the paper wallet. Since he had, allegedly, come to terms with the lost 1700 BTC, he decided to start gambling with it under the alias 'fuckit'.
Over the course of several days, he played his fortune up from 1700 to over 7000 BTC with many high-odds bets. Just yet, he decided to go for another betting session, but as soon as he did his first supersized bet, fortune stopped smiling at him.
@_date: 2019-05-23 08:10:08
*The way I used VLOOKUP to generate data for that sexy pivot table is simply not meant to be seen by innocent eyes.*
@_date: 2017-06-28 09:44:29


This does exactly nothing to convince people of your honesty. You could simply stop whatever automated process you have going on and ask for a ransom before releasing the key.
In addition, your service may, for whatever reason, shut down or stop being available in some other way. At that point the user is out of options.
Sending your Bitcoins to a 2-of-2 multisig where you don't know anything about the second party and have no assurances that it will cooperate is a terrible, terrible idea.
@_date: 2013-10-04 08:01:41
The site was down primarily from another big gambler (Nakowa/allover/celeste, he's known by many names) who has been rather fortunate with his bets (coupled with his large bankroll allowing him to recover from losses).
Recently, some investors (including mechs/fuckit) have been voicing concerns over the volatility of their investment due to Nakowas betting.
@_date: 2017-06-24 06:45:49


This is nonsense. ASIC chips are chips like any other. They're not fundamentally different from CPUs or GPUs, the only difference is the computations they're designed to handle.
The main reason that blocks are empty is the time it takes to construct a new non-empty block after a block has been found. When the miner receives a new block, he has to verify its validity and then construct a new block, potentially containing transactions that follow up on what was in the previous block. This process takes time and if the mining hardware has to wait for this process to complete, valuable mining time is lost.
Therefore, when a new block is found, the pool will immediately instruct its miners to work on an empty block while it validates the found block and constructs a new, full block. Once that is done, the miners are given the updated block to work on. But it's possible that in this time, a miner already mined an empty block.
@_date: 2013-10-04 08:05:42
Right now he is neither, as he's out of coins. But yes, he used to be an investor for a long time, then withdrew to the wrong address, but found back the coins. Since he had considered the coins lost already he thought "fuck it", created an account called "fuckit" and started gambling.
It was going pretty well for him (from 1700 to 7000), until it didn't. But that's often the case with gambling.
@_date: 2019-05-13 12:26:53
The thing itself doesn't have that much storage. But it has a microSD slot where you can put in a sufficiently large card.
@_date: 2017-06-22 13:01:52
You'll have an ICO so successful that it'll grind the very network that your hypothetical product will build upon to a halt!
@_date: 2013-10-06 20:50:35
There was no official time given by Burnside, since it's a manual process not something that will trigger automatically. He mentioned trading would be halted after his regular workday, which is in the PST timezone.
So you can reasonably expect some time for trading still on the 7th (possibly the entire day depending on your timezone), but there are no guarantees, so don't try anything risky.
@_date: 2013-10-05 16:55:29
Need some place to get my Bitcoin-fix now that Bitcointalk is down :)
Thanks for the tip! &lt;3
@_date: 2019-05-21 11:43:15
You don't steal the physical SIM, but you use social engineering to convince the mobile provider to send you a replacement for the victim's SIM. Some mobile providers have very limited security measures in place to check someone requesting a replacement SIM, so if the attacker knows sufficiently many bits of personal information about you, they may be able to convince the provider that they're you.