@_author: raphael_bitfinex
@_date: 2014-05-08 12:45:08
The ease of use will come from service built around bitcoin. Bitcoin point was to be a better currency. I don't think comparing bitcoin to a product/company is relevant.
In any case time will tell
@_date: 2014-05-30 12:22:21
Well, depending on the maket this limit is actually what you can expect during a bull run (which is why it was chosen). As I said, there is a "hidden" minimum "maximum rate" you can have to avoid free riders. We also monitor unbacked positions to detect free runners, so if there was a hole we would see it.
It may change in the future but at the moment this default maximum rate seems a sensible one.
The gap between us and Bitstamp is normal, we no longer run as a broker like we used to do and while most of the time our prices are in sync sometimes they can diverge (especially because our clients are not exactely the same as Bitstamp's due to our proximity with Asia).
Rumors on DRK are just rumors, there is nothing to say at this point.
Best regards
@_date: 2014-05-12 14:55:19
I love how so many people thinks bitcoin is just this cool new toy that fits nicely into the existing statist box.
 Bad news, bitcoin can challenge the existing order. Good news: taxes and coercion are not necessary for civilisation to thrive, quite the contrary actually, as history shows us that the most liberal societies (in the classic sense of individual freedom) are also the richer (in every sense of the term, culturally, scientifically, technically  economically) civilisations.
@_date: 2014-05-30 23:12:45
We do care, but there s nothing to fix per se (code wise), just an adjustment to make on interests credited. But we already had this discussion :)
Have a good day
@_date: 2014-05-10 10:28:47
When have people become so servile? You have legitimate rights, regardless of what "the Law" tells you.
@_date: 2014-05-07 22:57:02
This is a nice posts that calls for an answer.
Bitcoin was not meant to be nice and user friendly, more convenient than paypal or credits cards or whatever.
Bitcoin was designed to be a trust less currency, impossible to be controlled by a third party but only by preset rules agreed upon at its creation. And in that, and because of its status of first mover, it does a perfect job. 
Bitcoin was born for ideological reasons, not for profit. When you see how the world is currently going, how the economy and people are vampirized by parasitics corporations and states thanks to fiat currencies (despite what decades of mainstream economic claims), something like bitcoin does a great job (I know that claim would need a whole post on its own so I'm just summarizing there). Technology brings what was not possible before, free banking, in the form of crypto currencies hard to shut down.
Now you are comparing bitcoin with PayPal, which is missing the point. A service like block chain.info is to bitcoin what PayPal is to a fiat currencies. So you can only compare bitcoin to other currencies or assets. The US dollars is not userfriendly, it's the services built around it than makes it convenient. Similarly it's the services that are or will be built around bitcoin that will (or won't) make bitcoin attractive to the masses.
Ultimately the fate of bitcoin will be the fate of freedom on Internet. The struggle for power of the states is just starting. Whether technology will be a lasting means of empowering individuals or it will be taken over by states remains to be seen. I'm not that confident but I chose my winner.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:55:55
When I said constitution I actually meant limits put into governments power
Similarly I didn't meant that taxes were an abuse per se. I meant that having a limit in the recovery power of tax agencies had a value, and that without limits abuse will arise. I'm not familiar with uk system but I am pretty sure that tax agencies here doesn't ask for charities and that they already have a coercitive power to levy taxes. Which basically means that what Cameron is asking is to give full power to those agencies over banks to seize assets. Which is definitely a way toward large scale abuse.
Check and balance, that kind of things,...
About the hospitals, schools and the classic "but who will build the roads", well, I will not post the countless explanations already made available if you one day want to challenge your opinion, but just this: 
You can not both forbid someone to provide a service, or force someone to pay for a service, and use this as an argument that without you this person would not be able to get this service. Sorry that just make no sense.
@_date: 2014-05-30 11:42:30
To answer on the point of why we don't prevent placing orders immediately ifthey are not "fillable", it is because available margin rates fluctuates. If for somereason it spikes to 2%/day, should we cancel all the orderbook? We chose not.
@_date: 2014-04-08 13:37:03
Just to confirm, Bitfinex systems have been patched, SSL certificate regenerated for safety. All user sessions reset.
We still recommend that every users change their password considering that this vulnerability has been opened for 2 years.
About the fact that China users can't access our website, we are aware of this, as soon as Incapsula do their job and fix their systems we will switch back to them
@_date: 2014-06-05 20:15:59
That they should think harder (and quoting well known economists is not thinking)
@_date: 2014-06-08 16:19:11
For the symbol, do not use :btcusd but btcusd (without the ":").
That will work then ;)
@_date: 2014-04-07 21:28:56
That's the idea however the process will need to be improved/standardized, and not done on the free time of an auditor, otherwise it is kind of complicated. But we're getting there slowly. 
Otherwise any constructive comment is welcome :)
@_date: 2014-03-23 12:59:48
Since you already left, allow me to take care of users that actually enjoy and understand the service we provide and not use my time trying to explain how our system works to someone who already thinks he knows the answers to his own misunderstanding.
As for having no volume, well, hope you find a better exchange then :)
Have a good day
@_date: 2014-04-19 19:50:36
While I don't defend the fact of allowing deposits while preventing withdrawals, you have to realise that any "open" business (ie whose owners are publicly known) have to obey regulators to survive, and regulators are nothing more than the men with the gun. And you don't mess with the man with the gun.
Then there is human psychology that kicks in: humans don't like to do things they know are wrong even if it's because they are forced to. So they convince themselves that regulations is actually good, it's for the own good of customers, to fight crime or whatever. Just like we accept taxes as necessary. Because we don't want to live a life of perpetual conflict between what we are forced to do and what we think is good. Accept political power as legitimate, and voila, problem solved.
That's why you get business like exchanges spending so much time/resources to invade privacy of their customers rather than trying to serve them better.
@_date: 2014-05-16 12:00:20
As long as there are darkwallets out there, who cares what the masses use? Let them think bitcoin can be regulated and controlled, this wil make it only more useful
@_date: 2014-05-30 22:47:21
Yes indeed, why do you say every time? Last time was sometimes in april(don't remember the exact date but can look for you) and all lenders got an "adjustment" deposit to account for the missing interests of the day.
Thank you for caring
@_date: 2014-04-19 20:15:44
Oh on that we agree totally. I was just reacting to the "the exchange seems so focused on compliances " part
@_date: 2014-04-07 21:29:22
It's a long shot but in our dev list
@_date: 2014-06-07 15:00:04
Hello there,
This is a good point, we have no call for active used swaps.
We will add it in the next 24 hours, along with a call to close swaps of your choice.
Best regards
@_date: 2014-03-22 20:44:39
I am the CTO of Bitfinex and just registered to answer your post (well it was about time we starting having a account here :))
I am sorry that your experience with us is bad. I must say I don't quite understand where all those insults and accusations comes from, but I'll try to answer here.
The only thing I understood from your last email to the support is that you withdrew some Bitcoins and wondering why you can't withdraw the rest.
Well, as the withdrawal page states:
"This is your available balance. If you have limit orders, open positions, unused or active swaps, this will decrease your available balance. To increase it, you can cancel limit orders or reduce/close your positions. "
And you still have an open long on Bitfinex. So you cannot withdraw your full balance until you close this position. As for the deposit wallet, you never had any BTC there, you just briefly moved some USD back and forth (which didnt disappear either).
For the rest of the concerns, and for people realizing we are a bucket shop... well, it might not seems so but we are the third exchange in volume for the BTCUSD pair. So you are not the only one having traded with us.  I'm thus surprised that you're seeing something so many others don't. If there is really an issue with our system, please elaborate it in details so we can fix it.
In any case, if you need assistance to close your position and withdraw all of your balance to find a better exchange, let me know and I'll be glad to assist you.
Best regards
@_date: 2014-04-17 21:58:06
That is an awesome new feature, I love you guys.
I PDF I may allow for a few suggestions:
-Allow to post buy offers for bitcoins, and browse buy offers as well
-allow for totally flexible pricing, not tied to central exchanges price but also fixed prices (if tomorrow price crash I may not want to sell my bitcoins anymore)
-allow to set quantity in BTC, not only in fiat currencies
@_date: 2014-05-30 11:34:44
Ok, thats some FUD like I like them.
SO let me answer it:
Yes you can place any maximum rate for margin trade, as long as they are funded (you have the necessary funds in your margin wallet).
If there is not enough margin to honor the tade at this rate, the order will be cancelled. Thats not a bug, thats a feature. Can it be abused? No, you need to have enough funds in the trading wallet. Now for sure you can place this unfillable orders that will be casncelled immediately, if you do good for you, you're making good use of your money..
Now another thing. You can set a maximum rate below the default, and be filled. However, when the system will borrow margin for you, it will not honor your maximum rate, but at least the default maximum rate, to avoid free riders.
Now if that looks like a bug for you, just tell me, we remove the maximum rate feature and let the lenders enjoy whatever they can grab on you :)
@_date: 2014-05-30 11:38:22
Margin rates available varies. If it spikes to 2% a day, should we cancel all the orderbook?
@_date: 2014-05-12 14:44:52
Yeah, suggesting that people in charge will never abuse their power is so stupid. We should no better than this.
What's even the point of constitution and limitations of power anyway?