@_author: rapturoso
@_date: 2016-08-11 14:56:34
Use Mycelium Wallet and contact people on the traders list who are advertising to sell Bitcoin for less than £10 worth. I trade there all the time and it's the easiest and safest way to trade if you meet in public or trust in the trader's history, which is right on their profile.
You'll be glad you did. It's direct, no messing about and doesn't involve a third party site who take their cut, percentage or commission.  What you see is what you get, minus any miner fees of course. I wouldn't use anything else to get BTC quickly as nothing compares.
@_date: 2016-08-19 09:22:36
I'm no expert on recovering files from Android software and I never run live instances of anything valuable on rooted devices but I'll take an educated guess that the Mycelium wallet is held in an encrypted form that's neither accessible nor intelligible. Should you be able to find an equivalent to the wallet.dat file of Bitcoin Core in the Mycelium software, you'll probably discover that you can't decrypt it anyway as you don't have the decryption key or password.
@_date: 2016-08-25 21:54:51
Not had any issues. All transactions I've made recently have gone through within minutes. Longest was about 10 minutes. Low Priority fee on Mycelium. I guess that's pretty cheap.
@_date: 2016-09-05 13:11:37
If your device is mobile  or you can copy the wallet file and the part blockchain that you've already downloaded to a mobile device, you can go to a public wifi place that has fibre or a dedicated Internet connection such as a leased line. Starbucks and other cafes usually have multiple megabit connections so you should be able to synchronise in no time. Once it's done just send the amount from your freshly synchronised wallet. If you have access to your private keys you can do a totally offline signing of the transaction without needing any blockchain info and then export that transaction to another machine that's online to broadcast it to the Bitcoin network. There's plenty of resources which will describe how to do that so I won't go into details here.
@_date: 2016-09-05 01:44:30
Synchronising blocks and transferring Bitcoins from one address to another, as far as I'm aware, are mutually exclusive. You can send Bitcoins from one address to another just by knowing your private key for the address you want to withdraw from and just the address you want you deposit to.
Cold wallets, air gapped, offline hardware, software or paper wallets do not need a copy of the blockchain for one to be able to send transactions over the Bitcoin network. The only reason that any wallet needs a copy of the blockchain is purely for informational purposes and the user's convenience, to track and display any balance, deposit and withdrawal history.
Wallets do not publish any Bitcoin transfers directly to the blockchain as this is handled by the miners. Miners or pools of miners have complete copies of the blockchain in their Bitcoin wallet software and they are configured as miner nodes. When they find a new block they add this to the blockchain. Transactions are sent to the Bitcoin network miners for inclusion in the next mined block. Only when that block has been mined does the transaction appear on the blockchain.
Bitcoins cannot be lost unless you provide a recipient address incorrectly. If you are sure the address you sent Bitcoins to is correct then your coins will appear at that address in the next block, unless of course the miner fee you set was low, in which case you'll have to either wait until a miner node accepts the low fee for inclusion in a subsequent block or use the many Bitcoin resources available to discover how to increase the miner fee retrospectively or cancel a stuck transaction.
tl/dr Wait for a few blocks, up the miner fee on the transaction or cancel the stuck transaction. Too low fees can cause stuck transactions. Not having a copy of or not being in sync with the blockchain doesn't affect transactions to or from any Bitcoin address.
@_date: 2016-09-05 02:18:10
My explanation was one from the perspective of a person sending from their own wallet. If your wallet blockchain data has not fully synchronised with the network, your recent acquisitions at that wallet address will not show until the block with said transaction is downloaded into your wallet software.
As pb1x said, you can always check any Bitcoin block explorer web site for your specific receiving address and it will list every input and output for that address right up until the latest block.
If your personal copy of the blockchain is taking a long time to synchronise, checking a block explorer service would be the fastest way to confirm whether or not your address has received any Bitcoins. Block explorer services will always be up to the minute (unless their sites have failed for any reason) but your personal copy will not (and depends entirely on how often and for how long you run your Bitcoin wallet client and keep it synchronising).
@_date: 2016-09-05 02:39:08
I'd double check that the address you sent it to is the EXACT address that is listed as the deposit address for the site you are using. If it is, they are scamming you for sure (or just have a crap system that needs urgent attention). Ask them to look at the confirmation  evidence on a block explorer and then address the issue for you in a timely manner. If not, it's bye bye Bitcoins! Either way the outlook is quite grim :-(