@_author: raptor007
@_date: 2014-02-19 02:39:09
You think it's infantile that credit card companies protect their customers from fraud?
In-person stores can protect themselves by checking ID.  Online stores can see if the billing address matches the shipping address, and contact the card company before shipping products if something seems fishy.  Merchants can also dispute charge-backs and keep the money if they can prove the charge was actually valid.
It's not a perfect system, but it's far better than naively trusting recipients to send money back in the event of a fraud or a dispute.
@_date: 2014-03-07 10:22:09


That sounds like a very strong argument *against* using Bitcoin for any online transactions.
@_date: 2014-02-20 02:47:56


No, that's the result of bringing nothing new to the table.  Innovate, don't emulate.  Do something your competitors aren't already doing, and you won't have to scrape by without margins.


And what about escrow fraud?  Who do you trust to act as a Bitcoin escrow?  Silk Road's assets were seized (for obvious reasons), [MtGox stopped paying out]( it's not looking good for "trust the Bitcoin middle-man".


It's a shared system of responsibility.  If you spend money and receive the goods or services as advertised, you're responsible for that.  If someone else tries to spend money in your name, you're not on the hook for their actions.  It's up to the banks and merchants to make sure that the person promising money from an account is the legitimate account holder.  That's why merchants have access to credit card phone numbers and billing addresses, and why there are so many hoops to jump through for ACH.


I actually do take precautions, like [creating a temporary card number when I don't know the seller's reputation](  My bank also takes precautions like denying transactions that meet a profile of suspicious activity and getting in touch with me on the phone before allowing it to go through.  Does your Bitcoin wallet give you a call if someone tries to click away all your funds?
Also, you're assuming I play games on Xbox Live all day because I have a bank account with real money in it, and use an established method of credit for purchasing... and you think *I'm* childish?  I'm apparently wasting my breath on someone who claims to represent merchants' interests, but doesn't seem to understand why we have a system of credit!


Having no money in an account that gets charged back is analogous writing checks from an empty account, or not paying your credit card bills; you still owe money.  There's a system of credit in place to keep track of who repays their debts and who doesn't.  Your line of thinking will throw you into the latter category very quickly.


No, as a member of a smaller family owned and operated business that sells mostly online, I completely understand the plight of merchants when it comes to fraud.  Pretending merchants never have any hints that a transaction might turn out fraudulent is either disingenuous or comes without experience.  There are some pretty obvious red flags, and easy ways to mitigate the risk (like calling the phone number tied to the account before shipping product).
@_date: 2014-02-19 05:15:04


Do you mean a thousand times to the same company?  I think that's highly unlikely -- in fact, I'd say impossible if the goods are shipped to the same delivery address, unless the merchant is brain-dead.  Also, losing a few thousand dollars sucks for a merchant, but it can be crippling for an individual.


True, I have no argument with that point.


We were talking about credit cards, not escrow services.  There's a limited window for reporting fraud on your credit card account; you can't decide years later to initiate a charge-back.
Escrow is supposed to be a temporary holding for high-value exchanges... what does that have to do with the rest of your money?  There shouldn't be any liens against your property if you paid for it and all work done on it; if a fraudulent lien pops out of the woodwork, get a lawyer.  Don't get mad that we have a lien system, without which you'd need to pay cash up-front for *everything*, and potentially get screwed by "lemon" property or shoddy workmanship.
You make it sound like you're heavy into Bitcoins to avoid paying debts you owe in dollars.
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:31:16
I think you guys are missing the fact that email was a tried and tested technology *long* before Gmail came around.
@_date: 2014-02-19 18:53:38


That's a stupid way to do business.  It won't survive long-term on 1% profit; there needs to be a cushion to take risks and grow.


That sounds like a huge hassle for everyday transactions.


That doesn't get you off the hook for a charge-back; it just means your account will go into negative if one happens.  You'll lose just as much in the end, plus an overdraft fee.




I'm not sure how that's a response to my comment on liens, which are used very infrequently (not in day-to-day activity).  Actually what you describe sounds like an argument *in favor of* the credit card chargeback system.