@_author: rariro
@_date: 2015-12-20 09:18:54
Someone needs to make an obfuscation layer encoding all encrypted data to some plain text wordlist. Chew on that!
@_date: 2016-03-09 22:13:41
Good for you buddy, keep up the good work!
@_date: 2016-01-15 14:40:28
This is beautiful - witness a complex system finding ways to fix itself.
@_date: 2016-06-02 16:25:23
Yes but fee is a mechanism, which can be used or not at individual miners discretion. Whats to stop a robin-hood kind of miner from including only 0-fee tx? Yes he loses some fees, but imagine he just wants to prove a point.
@_date: 2016-06-05 03:51:28
Used only mycelium for a long time, didn't get my coins stolen...
@_date: 2016-06-03 06:09:07
had bought some small amount of gold there, later sold it with 10% profit, got my money + some bonus, but not risking it again with them...
@_date: 2016-06-02 13:18:23
can't the miners/nodes just censor the so called spam transaction (criteria being whatever they decide by the software they're running), regardless of the block size cap? Why would any miner put in his block these costly transaction even if there is space for them in the block?
@_date: 2016-06-02 19:03:34
I don't want them censoring. I'm just trying to understand forces at play. What I'm trying to say is, that miners decide what will be the priority to include transactions.
Yes, highest fee may make most sense economicaly, but the system allows for other things. Let's say Nigerian govt. bulds a huge subzidized mining op and filters by IP giving transactions broadcasted by Nigerian nodes priority. If they have enough hashpower they would make the system work slower for all the rest of us. You can pay the fee what you want, but if they win the block, your tx will not be there.
Some miners could have special deals with wallet providers, giving their tx the priority, some could give priority to LN settlement transactions...
I mean, concensus rules are the game, and players are allowed to play how they like, whatever their motivation be. I see it as a beautiful thing, but it's scary at the same time because it will likely become completely out of control, as "god" intended ;)
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:27:46
I love you too. Hate or not, you don't get to choose who will use the system. That's the beauty of it.
@_date: 2016-02-15 23:16:49
And it didn't, for the average user. It did take off for other uses, and there it had become a massive success. Personally, I couldn't live without my systemrescue flashdrive :) I love Linux for what it is, even if I'm not a regular user (does Android count? :)). What always turned me off was the feel that it's forever "unfinished". There was always that something that was missing. In any case, I want to try to move to Mint and am on the lookout for the ultimate notebook with 100% comptibility with W10 and Mint. Know of any?
Currently I have it in dual boot, and mind you, it's a set-up of full LUKS encrypted system for the Mint together with W7 fully encrypted by DiskCryptor :D Wasn't easy to set-up. But there are some problems with hardware compatibility which I don't have time to play with.
Anyway, what's bugging me is the current us vs them rhetoric. Has the Linux community ever been so immature? I take it that Linux community is big enough to tolerate some bad seeds. But here, I get this feeling that it's some egocentric kiddos who run the show. Although, lets be nice and say it's just bitcoin going through its puberty :)
While both sides may have valid arguments the discussion has been sickengly uncivil. And this bullshit about consencus prior to *actual* concensus, as in network consensus. One of key features of bitcoin is that implementation itself is the vote that matters, right? Linux doesn't have this. Various Linux distros with different philosophy can co-exist and give value to the ecosystem. With bitcoin, there can only be one. So, I believe that this hardfork boogie-man needs to die. Whatever we're forking for. I'm under the impression that SegWit by hardfork would be a much elegant solution and solve some other problems as well. But I'm no dev., that's why I don't want to get involved in this debate here. Just throwing some opinions.
@_date: 2016-02-24 13:33:26
I think one day there will be nodes which will charge fees for their services. Like, yes, we can relay your tx, but only if it contains an output of % to xyz address. There will be nothing to stop small communities to organize and share expenses of maintaining their node, though.
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:30:29
Exactly, and the day I can't seamlessly pay for my VPN using bitcoin will be a sad day indeed.
@_date: 2016-02-16 02:19:34
Ah I see. I understand your point now, thanx for elaborating. Yes, you're right, who will enforce GPL? That's one more part of bitcoin I like. Nobody can cheat. I mean, in theory they could, but it's very very difficult. Unlike ignoring some license.
In some idealized future, most of the power would be decentralized and in the hands of "the people". But those same people need to be taught how to use their brains and make independent decisions. We're long way from there. Once you get "the people" to that imaginary state of awareness, it's only logical they will recognize the benefits of having trustless systems. Currently, we have sheep who are easy to control and mobilize for various "causes" of questionable motives.
Now I understand what you mean by 0 HFs. Yes, this way it would be possible. Delay it so much that it becomes impossible. Actually I like where this goes, make one indestructible trust generator to which you can hook whatever you need - sidechains. I like this concept. That way you cold prove anything and everything with full proofing power of bitcoin. First time I read about sidechains I loved the idea. Now it's all lost under this damn noise of the blocksize debate, and my trust towards what you call "core" is lost. Although maybe it's just the culture of this subreddit which is to blame and not the devs themselves.
Anyway, for the HFs, I would agree, were it not for the fact that you could make drastic changes by SFing, so we would need to have 0 SFs also - would we not? But now we're coming to a point where I don't understand the subject well enough to know if my argument above is actually true. One more thing, even if we have n hard-forks now, the network could still grow to become big enough and stubborn enough to prevent any future change, right?
Anyway, we may not agree on all points but I really enjoyed the discussion. Haven't got the time to continue, but cheers to you!
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:46:17
Yes, but it needs to become big. I believe there's some imaginary magical adoption treshold which you have to cross to become "immortal". Bitcoin can disappear tomorrow. All it takes is to shutdown approx. 10000 computers.
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:59:20
There are approx 10,000 nodes. If you would turn off those computers, the network would disappear from the internet. If you didn't have a copy of the latest blockchain you couldn't "resume" it. If  those 10,000 copies of blockchain would be lost, bitcoin would completely and definetely die. Extremely unlikely, but possible. It's not immortal, yet.
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:23:25
I agree. A % *needs* to care, for the sake of everyone else. And everyone else *needs* these people to care. The forces of nature will play their part in this :) You can't stop atoms from clumping together and you can't stop people from doing things. Good or bad, or just things.
@_date: 2016-02-16 00:58:57
Borderless. Seamless. Hassle-free. Truly a currency suitable for the internet. I like it for many reasons. Rant of why I love bitcoin could go for a few pages :) It's not just the things from the OP, but so much more. But you all know this, that's why you're here. My goal was to give some fresh inputs.
For example, using my bank's app, I can pay my bills by scanning a barcode. This can't work for the internet because it would mean transferring funds internationally which incurs high fees for a simple purchase. For my bills, it's pretty cheap - 0.15$/transaction. But, the receiver will not instantly confirm receipt and credit the payment, so there's that also.
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:27:10
It can not. There's no perfect system. We let it run its course and we shall see. Who feels the need to get involved will help, others will just use it. For me, it's already a success as it's alrady challenging old paradighms and inspiring new solutions. Maybe it will come to the point where its impossible to change. That's the best guarantee of stability but maybe not of utility. We'll see.
@_date: 2016-02-15 20:52:07
Paypal is a pain in the ass because passwords. QR is just so much more convenient. Anyway, we all know why we love bitcoin. Fyi, my bank app actually enables me to pay my bills with barcode scanning. I pay fixed 0.15$ fee per transaction. I love it. But bitcoin is cooler, because nobody can take it away from me. Because nobody knows how much I have. Because it can go anywhere. Because it will one day have a nice steady price appreciation and be the perfect savings instrument. The future will be interesting. I would love to fast-forward to 2020 and take a moment to reflect on 2016.
I dream of using Linux, but I'm running Windows. Have Mint in dual boot which is collecting dust. M$ owns the office space, but I liked OpenOffice. Gimp rules, and photoshop has become a bloated piece of shit. But I'm no professional so I'm sure many would disagree :)
@_date: 2016-02-15 20:33:23
Yes &gt;If&lt;. However, we have to accept the world for what it is and not for what we would like it to be. Yes, one should always try to improve. But one can only work to improve things for which he has the skill. And your 90% can't really help that much in this case, sadly. They could, one day, when there might as well be some "bitcoin department" which answers to the people. The world has already become a complex system out of any control, and I honestly believe it's in the nature of artificial systems to break apart, be it goverments, buildings or monetary systems. Bitcoin differs from those because it's on a lower and more general level, something like rules of nature - some basic rules throw away into this big "sandbox" we call the universe and see the thing evolve. It happened with atoms, molecules, life, and now it's happening with money.
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:28:26
No problem :) Couldn't care less about pixels on the screen ;)
@_date: 2016-02-19 17:34:54
That's why I prefer kraken - if i send from my bank in the morning, usually it gets credited the same day!
@_date: 2016-02-22 15:19:13
Who would pay a price for a settlement layer where processing of a transaction can get stuck because some higher-stakes players jumped the queue an took my seat, and where the fee can grow so much that eventually it won't make anymore economical sense to make the settlement. If I was a bankster, I'd rather carry gold bars in a bag then accept these terms.
@_date: 2016-02-15 22:15:29
Well, someone always disagrees, so what? When this thing becomes bigger than any of us, it won't matter who agrees or disagrees. At one point it will either die or become immortal. I'm just an observer witnessing an appearance of a wild currency, first time in history!
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:42:46
Even in OpenSource, you always have some leaders emerge and carry the flame. It can die out. It can turn bad. It can do whatever it likes. TrueCrypt is a good example of what can happen. Community moves on. I wouldn't consider it a weakness. But as an user, it's annoying. Because there are some things I would love to see developed, but there's nobody working on it :) You will say, well, why don't I do it? Well, I'm too busy running my life to start to learn coding and change the world. So is the next guy.
@_date: 2016-02-15 20:21:28
No, but I wouldn't mind doing so. And have it delivered by drones. Which wouldn't release the package until I scan &amp; pay the QR on its head. Drone flies in, scan code, bleep bleep *drop package*, high and happy. Anything more than few seconds for "confirmation" is a deal-breaker. Yes, when i transfer to/from exchange of course it needs to be buried under some blocks. But for commerce, no waiting will be tolerated.
Perfect anonimity is something which should be a long-term goal. But I don't feel like it should be a priority. User doesn't really care. He already happily gives his info to banks, credit card processing chain, shopping cards with bonus points etc. It's "anonymous enough" as it is. Until it isn't. For now, I'm liking this all clear blockchain which also serves an useful purpose of keeping records of my spending. It's kind of neat actually.
@_date: 2016-02-16 02:37:59
I get it. I think in different scales, and now I'm mostly thinking about it on this "small" scale, but every now and then it's useful to be reminded of the big picture. Thank you for that.
@_date: 2016-02-15 22:45:34
If somebody had the only copy of the blockchain, and some hashpower, they could re-write it before re-releasing it to the public. One big pool could do it, provided no-one else has a copy. Let's say, with 20% of the hashpower and monopoly on the blockchain data, it would take you 5 days to re-write the last day, after which you could "give it back" to everyone. And everyone would have no way to prove that they did, in fact, modify. As I say, extremely unlikely :)
@_date: 2016-02-16 00:32:54
Me being an idiot is the whole point. I'm free to be an idiot and use your precious network how I see fit. That's the beauty of it.
It's simply not healthy to surround oneself with people who think exactly the same. That's why I stopped by. To give some food for thought. Because, if you surround yourself with only the people you agree with, and never challenge what you think you know, you will never grow.
@_date: 2016-02-16 00:50:06
Well, it works for Apple, doesn't it?
@_date: 2016-02-16 01:48:40
By being transparent and decentralized. The problem is - it's not really decentralized. I don't think it will ever be decentralized in a way most people imagine. You know, nodes, hashpower roughly uniformly distributed around the world in the hands of only the purest of heart. It will not happen. Because humans simply don't work that way, and you can't fork human behaviour - yet.
@_date: 2016-02-14 16:16:01
Lol, how would this work? Everyone knows all bitcoins come from China :D
@_date: 2016-02-16 02:26:11
made me lol, thanx and have a nice day :)
@_date: 2016-02-15 23:27:16
I'd say it's not challenging, but infecting :) By the time they know what's going on, it'll be too late for them to fight back sucessfully.
No, nobody's here to serve anybody. Everyone's in it for some personal motivation, whatever it may be. And it works. To me, that's more than amazing.
But what you're hoping for, this monetary sovereignity is the endgame, not the selling point. People just don't care now, and will not care until their reality will be threatened.
@_date: 2016-02-20 12:07:16
Wouldn't SW be plain better and more elegant as a HF or do I have the wrong impression?
@_date: 2016-02-15 19:14:38
1. Yes of course, but I don't want to think too hard about it, that's why I have my bank for processing big and important payments. How hard do I think about insuring my pocket?
2. Same as above. However, it would be nice to have this optional. Cash is king, be it hard cash, Johnny Cash, or digital cash. I wan't to choose, as an user and as a merchant, whether to use/accept digital cash or digital credit. So yeah, but optional.
I'm not here to argue about the us vs them or them vs us, but to remind everyone just how great bitcoin already is. And yeah, I know your 1 &amp; 2 are ref. to lighting network and as a USER, I couldn't care less if it's lightning or blockchain that I'm using, as long as it works and I don't have to swap Mycelium for something else. Did I say how I love Mycelium already?
@_date: 2016-02-15 20:08:16
You missed the point. Personally, I do care. But that's not what this post is about.
@_date: 2016-02-16 02:23:39
For me it's important for the system to work w/o intermediaries (and I'm using Mycelium - hah). But personally, I'm fine with giving some temporary trust.
Anyway, there aren't any proper bitcoin banks, yet. But there's nothing preventing regulation to develop some safeguards for the users and enable banks to continue providing the service they provide now: taking the responsibility avay from the user. Common people don't want this responsibility. If there will be demand, the service will exist. Even if it's in the form of a vault keeping your Trezor inside. I made the comment just to illustrate that bitcoin is not alone, and there are many others acting in ther best interest. The end result? No one knows.
@_date: 2016-02-16 01:24:35
Well, it hooks to different things in everybody's mind. For me it was first and interesting concept. Then, it was a quick make rich but I had missed that train. Now it's something that has the potentoal to move mountains, be useful for me, and also boost my savings a bit. I also have this idealistic vision of it, and for me one of the most important features is the one you mentioned. My money is mine and nobody can stop it.
@_date: 2016-02-15 22:09:22
&lt;user mode&gt;You don't get to tell me what I do and neither I get to tell you. You can observe how I behave and make your own choice what you will do. I see a nice useful system and I use it, and only use it, whether you like it or not. It's the beauty of this system. I don't have to say "please" to pay for boobies, all I have to do is pay the fee. I'm your careless leecher, hate me.
"Support the network", what does it even mean? The network is doing just fine, for now. I have other things to do, like wake up in 3hrs and go to work.&lt;/user mode&gt;
Anyway, It's been an interesting and fruitful discussion here. Refreshing. Got tired of monts and months of us vs them rhetoric. I did some research and I'm amazed by it. But it's not enough to motivate me to actually *do* something to help it, given the gap in skills required and time available. But I don't have to justify myself for not helping. There's still room for people who just want to use the system, isn't there?
@_date: 2016-02-24 11:14:20
Note that this situation will happen first time in history of bitcoin. Ok, so let's say we don't want 5$ outputs. Fine. Let's say we want only 10000$ outputs, and for them, even a fee of 10$ is ok. Who's cheap or can't pay, can go elsewhere. And what happens when a cap is reached again? There's no fee that can help the 10k$ transactions if there's simply no room to take them all. So you have this so called money, right, which you can't really move. It's stuck. Your 10k$ at that moment becomes 0 because you're unable to exchange for goods and services, or transfer to some off-chain solution. Then you get nervous, and you use RBF to try and skip the line. And it's still stuck, because someone was quicker to increase the fee or increased it by more than you estimated will do the trick. So, there will always be some sucker who didn't get the seat, even if he was willing to pay the fee. And it's fine for those moving 100k$, because they pay 100$ fee. Until there are only 100k$ transactions, and they take all the space... So my 10k$ now is not really safe on this blockchain of yours, because maybe tomorrow I won't be able to move it. When I finally get lucky and manage to transfer it to an exchange to liquidate, I'm not going back there on the terms from above.
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:37:04
Nothing is free indeed. But some things are free-er, and they should remain so. If I'm paying for something, I always ask myself - ok what am I paying for and is it worth this much, and can I get it cheaper elsewhere? So yes, free market. And you already have it. Miners can already ignore transactiors under some fee treshold but they don't yet need the cash. Still the block reward is the main incentive. I think there was some study of wheteher a fee market would develop in a capless blocksize condition, and the conclusions that optimal blocksize would emerge from market forces. But let's not discuss technicalities here otherwise we'll start yet another us vs them chain.
Yes, it's exciting to witness a wild currency appear for the first time in history!
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:18:58
I do care. But I thought it would be interesting to start a discussion from another point of view.
@_date: 2016-02-16 00:26:53
Ah, I see. Interesting. However, for argument's sake, and I'm no legal expert, consider this: Someone could build bitcoin client from scratch, and say he didn't use any code found in the original GPL software, and even have the source audited by an independent 3rd party. This software would then interact with other nodes exactly in the same way - the interface would be the same but it would be a black box, closed source. Is this violating GPL? If not, someone could, in fact, take the network hostage by sprading it to enough nodes/miners. Of course, nobody would run it. But let's imagine.
Another thing, you didn't really touch on the proposition that 0 HFs is not really a guarantee of not having a HF in the future.
@_date: 2016-02-16 04:02:42
I'm caught! Not as much as I would like to know, though.
@_date: 2016-02-24 08:25:07
I would like to know, once we hit the cap, how will the exchanges manage users funds if they will have to wait indefinitely for transfer to happen from "personal addresses" to hot storage, cold storage, etc. All is well, carry on.
@_date: 2016-02-15 22:53:29
Exactly. Only thing is, the user can't really die, he just moves on to something that can deliver. Devoid of users, however, a system can die. Remember myspace?
Anyway, any system must be liked by the users. Or, the system must be already so deeply enrooted users lives that, even if they stop liking it, it's too much hassle to swap, or practically impossible, or illegal. Then the user is forced to adapt, temporarily. Bitcoin is not there yet. To come there it must first be liked. Then it can gain mass adoption. Then it must become irreplaceable. Then it can devour existing systems. Then, the users will become slaves in belief that it's "decentralized" and thus has to listen to their needs while actually it can do whatever it likes. I went far out, haven't I? :)
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:14:09
Interesting perspective. Honestly I don't know how to answer this. I'd revert to my bank because it's the "corporation dealing with money" which I trust more than some new kid called Coinbase or whatever. I learned my lesson when Bitstamp got hacked. From then on, never leave a satoshi on an exchange. Already we depend on corporations for many things. Hell, as it is now, only banks can run banking software and "store" my money. I don't see the problem, for now. Never lost a penny using the "legacy" system.
Just because we can imagine some imminent disaster (khm, Greece), doesn't mean it's around the corner (on a global scale). Personally, I'm paranoid. I have cash, gold, stocks, bitcoin and feel like it could all go to waste tomorrow, but that's not the point here. I don't consider myself "normal". Average Joe feels safe even with the current system.
The corporations also feel the pressure from users and consumers because those are their food. Apple fucks up the next iOs, bye bye earnings. One fucks up big time, another one takes the throne. You imagine all these Corporations as being some untouchable entities but they're really just a bunch of people with knowledge and skills. Those people are free to change job, star their own Corporation or whatever to satisfy a % of userbase and so on. It is the goverments I see as becoming obsolete. Corporations will be the next goverments, and they already almost are. And those same corporations will happily accept your coin. I could ramble on and on about my vision of the world and the future, but it's not all clear, and its time to go to sleep.
Just one note. I don't think I expressed any opininon about the blocksize or the lightning network here, and I don't really want to. Lets stick to the user. From the user point of view, lightning is just fine, but it needs to provide the same (or better) utility. It must be as simple as "install, write some words for backup, and start using it", while giving users the same freedom and security already given to them by bitcoin. I don't know. I shouldn't pay some huge fee to secure my funds on this "blockchain bank". I don't pay to my current bank. Recently I read some nice explanation of how lightning should work and I think I like it.
@_date: 2016-02-17 17:04:41
@_date: 2016-02-15 23:44:19
It's free, it's instantaneous (*), it's scarce, it has the potential to become a pillar of money V4.0, it's the future, it's a first, it's tidy, it's accurate, it's trustless, it's secure ... don't think I don't care just because I start a discussion from a different perspective.
@_date: 2016-02-15 20:13:59
Exactly. And as long as it is a decentralized censorship resistant monetary system, I will not care. There needs to be some ratio of those who only use and of those who care, maintain and develop. But the majority will be CARELESS USERS. Because majorities in general want to be careless. As an user, I don't want this extra responsibility. I have my job, family, whatever. This new bitcoin thing makes my life easier. As a user, I don't even care if it's centralized or not. As long as I don't see in my daily newspaper that "some *miner* has the power to screw with my internet money bank account", why should I fill my head with worry? I can still buy beer.
@_date: 2016-02-16 10:10:34
Interesting point. But there are many perspectives, not just the user's. Take miner's perspective for example. Their very existence is tied to bitcoin price and block reward. They wouldn't let you experiment so freely. For me this blocksize issue turned out to be very damaging. At first I followed the debate with interest, then along the way it got sickening. Now I just want it to be over with so I can follow bitcoin with same excitement I did before.
@_date: 2016-02-15 23:18:19
Because it's not as awesome as bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-15 23:55:06
No, definetly not. The license is the best thing about it. Personally I believe everything should have this or similar license, even music, movies, art, engineering... Open-source everything. Let the world be free.
I don't understand what you're saying there on the publish your source... care to ELI5?
I think somebody actually proved it's possible to increase supply even with SF, only it's ugly. How is never HF-ing a guarantee we will never HF? It can happen at any time if the participants are rallied for it.
Are you actually saying that you could make a HF with closed-source software deployed? Who would agree to this and actually run it? It's a dark thought indeed.
@_date: 2016-02-20 11:50:29
So SW as a HF?
@_date: 2016-02-19 03:35:54
Amazing, congratz!
@_date: 2016-02-15 19:45:31
Tell that to the 90% percent. Personally, I do care. The USER doesn't. And those kinds of things aren't really what sells bitcoin. It's this MAGICAL moment that sells it. First time I paid for something with Mycelium it was a revelation. When I showed this to friends, it had that wooow effect.
Personally, it was a combination of utility and interesting crypto application which attracted me but if I didn't think it stood a chance to be actually used to replace legacy systems, I would stay clear and dismiss it just another interesting toy for the geeky. My geekines was satisfied with just reading about bitcoin and the technical specifics. It was the USER in me who actually decided to, well, USE it.
@_date: 2016-02-15 20:42:37
Sorry, no need to get all passive aggressive. The goal was to give a change of perspective not to start a fight. Why would I want such privacy? Personally as long as I know I **can** have this privacy, I feel safe with the system. For general use, I don't really need it now do I? What can happen?
The bloat will not be felt by users but by the miners and nodes. Users don't give a shit. What do I care how much data my bank has to process? And they get compensated for their troubles anyway (atleast the miners, that is, and big nodes - indirectly, by providing other kind of service to the user).
You're still looking at it from your perspective. Try imagine it from perspective of, say, your local mehanic dealing with bitcoin. How would he use it, and would he care about the things us "enthusiats" care?
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:38:24
Yes, but they don't know what is most important to them and where they're willing to compromise. It's up to active community to figure this one out and give it to them. If they don't, users will abandon them.
@_date: 2016-02-15 22:29:16
I'm well aware of impending capitals controls. But it has not become a problem, yet. Bitcoin/LN has to be ready by the time the existing system starts to crumble. For now the "legacy" is still working just fine, with some isolated cases where its not. I pay 5$ for any SEPA transfer. 15$ is too much :P
Yes, I pay to the bank monthly fee, some small inter-country transaction fee (0.15$), SEPA fee and that's it. I pay the "inflation tax". I pay my bills. But I don't give a coin to some guy behind my back when I pay for beer with cash. I'm horrified by the prospect of negative interests on savings. Problem with the current money is that it's just too much of it sitting somewhere. If all this dormant fiat started buying things it would cause prices of everything to skyrocket and the average guy having his purchasing power reduced. Oh wait, it already happened :D
Let's say I want to see bitcoin widespread because it's in line with some idealistic view of mine. It NEEDS users to make an impact on the world. If you only capture 0.5% of the population, you did nothing. However, even if bitcoin takes over the world, there will again emerge some centers of power. It's only natural. Already happened/happening. If you want to fix this, it is not bitcoin code you have to change, but "human code".
@_date: 2016-02-16 12:52:45
Hmm, good points. Actually if one would consider that bitcoin is still pre-release, than it would eliminate much of the stress induced by the ongoing debates. Change perspective, sit back, relax, and wait for the "production" version, right? But it's too tempting to use it as it is, because for my use-case, it's already working well and it's awesome. I know 0-conf is a risk but so far I made such payments through bitpay and it worked well. For exchanges, I waited for proper confirmation, of course. The 1.0 should then work instantaneously, but safer. There was something about weak blocks which would allow such a thing. There is the Lihtning network, which looks cool now that I've read that nice old west explanation ( Still, for me it feels like there's just too much complexity involved for it to be failsafe. It has yet to prove itself. But then again, how much complexity is already built into bitcoin itself but of which I'm unaware? I understand the concepts, but implementation might be rather complex.
@_date: 2016-02-15 21:32:25
Thanx. Actually I'm positively surprised with some comments. Goes to prove it's not all about us vs them and them vs us.
@_date: 2016-02-16 02:33:29
Other camp being the classic guys. You think they don't care? The Genie - very existence of cryptocurrencty which first solved the double-spend problem. And the blockchain concept, and many other concepts, ideas and solutions emerging from this. You can't kill an idea. Bitcoin may or may not survive, but cryprocurrency will be with humans the same way fire is. Once we mastered it, we never let go.
I'm not assuming anything. I came to start a discussion, which I did, and it has so far been an interesting one.
@_date: 2016-02-16 01:33:38
Look, even if I use Mycelium, I believe the network itself must remain trustless. But for me, a user, it's very practical to "trust temporarily". Because I can revoke that trust at any time and go full node with my wallet seed. If I have no reason to doubt the "node service" provided by Mycelium, why would I bother downloading the blockchain and keeping my computer on all the time. How would I use it on my mobile? I'd have to set-up some server, right? How do I know how to do this? It's your average Joe we're talking about.
@_date: 2016-02-15 23:33:26
Exactly. And how do you propose to change this? The world is evolving the only way it can. We can try to give our personal touch to it, but one cannot move mountains by himself. We could argue that Satoshi did, in fact, move mountains, but all he really did was create one "brain virus", which infected this collective, who then moved mountains. It's the only way an individual can change the world, and he did it. It was the collective effort which brought us here. It will be collective effort which will change the world again and again. It's just waiting for the right "brain virus" to spread.
@_date: 2016-02-08 19:36:49
I wouldn't bend my back to pick up $0.02 dropped on the floor.
@_date: 2016-02-17 17:12:59
Yes, it will be like paypal et al. but it will also be like cash and gold. That's why I love it. It gives me the ultimate store of value while being easy to spend at the same time. It gives me power, and not just to me, but everybody.
Bitcoin is about those kind of users, but it shouldn't be just about them. Hell, they shouldn't even be the majority. Because for something to be a store of value, it needs to be universal. And capturing just one small % of the potential users doesn't make it universal. Offer free gold to anyone and he will gladly accept or do work for you. Offer bitcoin, and people will think you're trying to cheat them. And by people I dont mean anyone here, but unaware people. Unaware of bitcoin's power and potential.
I agree with you on the last. Complete power and control over my bitcoins is what I signed for. But I like the convenience, it's also part of the deal. If it was not convenient, maybe I'd rather swap it for gold.
@_date: 2016-02-16 02:34:57
Congratz! You're the first to get my USER :)
@_date: 2016-02-16 09:51:43
Yup, you got me :)
@_date: 2016-02-16 10:22:23
Well, I felt like the users got forgotten along the way. This is an internet forum, open to "mostly" everyone. The people here don't *have* to worry about anything. Why do people come to internet forums? To do hard work and worry or just to have a conversation? I believe that those who do worry and make hard decision will have their conversation somewhere where there isn't so much noise. When you want to do some work in peace, you don't take your notebook to a night club now, do you?
@_date: 2016-02-17 17:03:47
We share the same concerns. However, the settlements themselves may provide just enough incentive to keep it all secure. And by settlements I don't imagine transfers of millions, but something like a bank visit. The fees should be adequate, but then again, the volume will grow. How many bank visits people worldwide make every 10min? Anyway, if it won't work, it will be killed. Maybe it could be a dangerous experiment with a risk of killing bitcoin. We can't really know now. Time will tell. It's not like there aren't many contenders just waiting to take the throne. Crypto will persist. I'm not worried whether in some form it will survive, but I'm worried about my bitcoin savings and investments. Yes, it's more than that, but to me it's that at the moment. And a cool way to pay for vpn.
I think you're thinking small. Activity "outside the ledger" is already happening with every fiat transaction. Nothing is going out of the ledger, quite the opposite actually.
I can't believe that subtly I'm advocating LN here, lol. I would still like to see that 2mb bump and hope for Classic to win this battle. There will be many more. And hopefully it will be the people of the planet who win the war.
@_date: 2016-02-16 04:10:16
Well, maybe I just don't understand all the in-depth specifics. Thanx for shining some light on it. I recognize a lot of bitcoin advantages, but with the OP, focus was on my idea of the "average Joe" user.
@_date: 2016-02-20 12:20:21
Oooh that's neat, thanx!
@_date: 2016-02-22 19:55:07
Yes, but what I fail to get about LN + capped blocks is that, imagine it grows so big that it captures VISA-equivalent amout of transactions. You'd have proportionally many LN channels opening and closing and each of them would need to get into a block. With limited block size, even LN can be expected to run into problems and become crippled, i.e. you couldn't settle at will. I think of LN as a clever solution to reduce the rate at which blockchain would grow, but still it may be necessarry to open that gate. If you have LN at this point, who would want to use blockchain for paying for coffe? Only those who *need* to use it would use it, but there would still be many of those, requiring their slot in the blocks.
@_date: 2016-02-16 00:05:09
There's the *other* camp which cares, whether you like it or not. You care, I care, we all care. It will just move forward, one way or another. That way my point with the atoms, although obviously not a very clear one. The genie is out of the bottle. And unless people will have some mass amnesia, it's here to stay. For sure, not everyone will like what it becomes, but you can't please everyone. Thanx for pointing out how stupid I look, I will try to stop looking, and I'm sorry for making you feel unconfortable.
@_date: 2016-02-18 05:16:15
For me, a good store of value is something that I'm free to transfer and liquidate at any time, for the same or greater amount of goods and services as when I obtained that unit of value. Cash, on the short-term, works for this if prices don't move much. I sell an apple for 1$, and in 1 month I can buy one apple for 1$. Gold is better because it's supply grows more steadily. With x grams of gold in 1920 I would be relatively as well of as I would be in 2016 with the same amout. Can't say the same for cash.
But something like bitcoin, well, it never existed before. One day, it could become a vehicle which stores a % of available goods in the economy.
Yes, something can store value and be illiquid, but it's the 21st century - it doesn't have to be.
They would accept gold because they know it can be exchanged for something that can then be directly exchanged for goods and services. I would accept bitcoin because I know that I can exchange it for goods and services. I would keep the value in the form of bitcoin because I believe it will not lose its purchasing power over time. Most of the people won't accept it, because they don't know that they can exchange it, or they think the exchange involves too much hassle, or they think they will somehow lose part of the value exchanged. As the usage grows, more and more people will start to accept it, because more and more will become aware.
@_date: 2016-02-16 08:17:51
Nice, another perspective, spot-on. I'm also an investor. Here's an upvote, and have a nice discussion. Cheers!
@_date: 2016-02-15 23:41:03
Personally I do care. In fact, bitcoin softened the punch I felt from stocks, so thats nice. What can you do. I don't *need* magic internet money, but it's pretty neat. Love using it, love hoping for early retirement on it's wings, love the prospect of it changing the paradigm of money. Many things. Why am I here now? Because it's interesting. I shold have went to sleep a while ago, but it's just one of those days...
@_date: 2016-02-15 22:55:19
Nah, I'm not really worrying, but it's interesting to remind oneself of what actually makes up the bitcoin backbone.
@_date: 2016-02-18 03:45:09
Congratz! It was a nice feeling for me as well. However due to "Hearnia" I sold some and put in stocks. Now I'm working my way back to 21 :)
@_date: 2016-02-16 09:56:28
Thanx! I'll check it out after work. Cheers!
@_date: 2016-02-22 04:40:30
It's not just bitcoin. It's the cryptocurrency. Bitcoin is just one "species". If it doesn't evolve with respect to its environment, it will become endangered and possibly die out.
@_date: 2016-02-16 14:20:52
From what I understand, LN would be a great addition to bitcoin. However, what I don't understand is how it should work if there's a hard blocksize cap. Yes, if implemented *now* it would take the load off the blockchain, but eventually there would be enough LN settlements to fill-up blocks again, wouldn't it?
I don't believe anybody really thinks it's perfect. It's just that there is a split in vision on where it should go.
@_date: 2016-02-16 01:19:13
Fair enough. And believe it or not, your post actually made me re-think my opinion that we need to lift the cap. But it's not my opinion that matters anyway. I'm just a curious user. I would also like to see SegWit, LN, sidechains... What I'm afraid of is what would happen if we reach the cap before these other solutions are ready. For me, 2mb is a no-brainer, and the actual blocks would fill to this 2mb when, in 1-2 years? Come to think of it, it's pretty neat that the blocks are light-weight and blockchain size is predictable. 2mb is also light-weight. However, let's not engage in a heated discussion about it, as we all know how it ends, or doesn't :)
@_date: 2016-02-24 12:30:46
Sorry, I didn't mean to sound like anybody's advocating anything. Just trying to analyze some things.
I agree, in the short-term, as it'll be micro-transactions only.
However, my extreme example was to illustrate a point. Yes, now it'd be micro-tx dropping out, let's say all under &lt;1$. But next it would be &lt;10$, then &lt;100$ ... you see where I'm going with this.
Anyway, let's leave it at this. I'd like to understand some other things, but as you said, we'd pivot away.
@_date: 2016-02-19 05:43:28
Well put. Fact is, since bitcoin is free, nobody gets to choose who the users will be. Of course, there may always be coordinated efforts to affect the userbase and its behavior, but it's all part of the game. Nobody can architect such a system with certainty that it will succeed. The only way to know if it will is to let it play out, and make best efforts to help it evolve, and we're witnessing this now.
@_date: 2016-02-16 00:16:03
It will evolve. It's free to break promises, or attempt to break them. We may not like it, but it will evolve - to something. I like it as a p2p money. Maybe the "next petrodollar" will be its endgame and I may not like it. We just can't predict this. Who could have predicted it's appearance in the first place?
@_date: 2015-09-06 12:34:45
The miner can indeed fill the block with dummy transactions, but wouldn't it be counterproductive? Maybe he will not be the one to solve the noonce, and in such case his effort would be wasted wouldn't it? Some honest miner would be getting the legit fee instead. Yes, every now and then he would get his dummy blocks solved and inserted into chain, but he would need to have enough hash-power to maintain this often enough to fight the decay.
@_date: 2015-09-06 17:31:53
But filling the blocks is not the only criteria. They would have to keep manipulating the fee to always be above the moving average. But what is the bad actor achieving by such activity other than temporarily bumping the cap?
Anyway, thank you for making me realize these flaws :) Simple way to solve would be to adjust the factors, but then maybe it wouldn't trigger often enough when there will be real demand and the end result might converge back to 1MiB.
@_date: 2015-11-04 18:06:23
If (user) starts promoting XT to random people on the street, (user) will be banned on reddit. WTF
@_date: 2016-05-01 13:38:53
one.million.dollars. muahahaha
@_date: 2016-05-12 09:24:21
@_date: 2016-05-12 22:03:58
I just bet on eurovision with 2 clicks :)
@_date: 2016-05-09 09:10:28
Why not just generate random HD wallet seed and remember it. It's only 13 words.