@_author: rashid_uz2019
@_date: 2019-05-22 14:00:37
 Hello, guys. My name is Rashid, I am 21 years old, I live in Kyrgyzstan, in a small village with a population of 2000 people. I wanted to open a business of growing strawberries in greenhouses and open ground (from May to October), but I have no money for business, since my salary is only $ 100 a month and in order to save money for business I have to spend many years! I want to make my land economically developed, so that people have work and that people do not go to other countries in search of work, strawberry growing will be absolutely ecological, I have developed a business plan, I want to grow strawberries using Dutch technology, but I don’t have enough money! I ask, please help me in my startup, I accept bitcoins, this business project could provide dozens of people with jobs! Over the years, I will be able to develop the business to a large scale, thus every year more and more people will be provided with work and we will export strawberries constantly in large amounts to the near and far abroad. I hope for your help, thanks to all in advance. BTC: 17YofB1STG5Qejq57wXxbjuBoRPUKbk3gT
@_date: 2019-05-22 13:21:07
 Hello, guys. My name is Rashid, I am 21 years old, I live in Kyrgyzstan, in a small village with a population of 2000 people. I wanted to open a business of growing strawberries in greenhouses and open ground (from May to October), but I have no money for business, since my salary is only $ 100 a month and in order to save money for business I have to spend many years! I want to make my land economically developed, so that people have work and that people do not go to other countries in search of work, strawberry growing will be absolutely ecological, I have developed a business plan, I want to grow strawberries using Dutch technology, but I don’t have enough money! I ask, please help me in my startup, I accept bitcoins, this business project could provide dozens of people with jobs! Over the years, I will be able to develop the business to a large scale, thus every year more and more people will be provided with work and we will export strawberries constantly in large amounts to the near and far abroad. I hope for your help, thanks to all in advance. BTC: 17YofB1STG5Qejq57wXxbjuBoRPUKbk3gT