@_author: rasputinfoox
@_date: 2016-10-25 11:32:20
actually, i find this a little insulting - to the film, to the bitcoin community, and to Perianne Boring. Specifically, we interviewed HUNDREDS of folks for this documentary and weaved a very powerful narrative from hundreds of hours of footage. Perianne Boring is in the film because she is eloquent, knowledgeable, engaging, and compelling as a voice for Bitcoin. If you truly love Bitcoin it would be a shame to let personal biases get in the way of the bigger picture. Additionally, are we not all in this together?
@_date: 2016-10-31 16:19:34
Please check out the film page at  
@_date: 2016-10-29 22:30:04
Ok, I couldnt reply until now because I lost my password to this Reddit thing. But I have been wanting to reply so badly to your bullshit. 
1. How long I have been on Redit is actually irrelevant. Its not like I am 1 day old. I have a 1 day old account - who cares. I can assure you there is a real person typing to you.
2. Ad hominem attacks - right out the gate. Calling me naive and ignorant. I would love to know WHY you think that of me?
3. I only know Perianne Boring through my exploration of the Bitcoin topic. Her interviews were thorough, her passion about the topic has been exciting and her demeanor and good communication skills have been well worth the results. Instead of hating on someone, why not support the film and ignore the 1 out of 50 people in the film that bothers you? Why not let the entire film speak for itself instead of being rude. You really are rude and I cant tell if it is jealousy of her, mysoginism (hatred for women), or self hate that has got you typing ad hominem attacks and attacks against some woman in DC that is repping bitcoin. Seriously what is it with you???? like for real.
4. I am NOT trying to sell her as the darling of bitcoin - she is a interviewee - one of literally hundreds - in a film about bitcoin. Again her commentary (SUPER PRO BITCOIN) was on point and it was a good interview thats it. Jesus. Relax. 
5. What am I selling ? I have been clear since the outset - that what I am selling is a PRO BITCOIN film - a film designed to educate the mass of humans out there that do not know or understand bitcoin and for the specific purpose of driving adoption into Bitcoin. If you are truly a fan of beloved bitcoin, this would be a moment to champion BITXBIT with all your heart and mind because it will serve to drive adoption to the mainstream of bitcoin something we all want. 
6. I am sorry one character in the film hurt your sensitive feelings and that you could not see passed that to the bigger picture but perhaps now you may come round to a normal way of thinking. What is good for bitcoin is good for you no? or are you just a shill yourself trying to drive a wedge between the fledgling community? you seem to have an awful lot of hate for no apparent reason. 
xo xo xo 