@_author: raudssus
@_date: 2015-05-15 23:50:06


Hahahaha, you are funny. They will know SO MUCH MORE about our cashflow with this, that they can much better control us and interact on what we do. You can't do any illegal business anymore without leaving a huge trace of bitcoins that is not my idea of "more freedom". You did see what US government is introducing? Like listing what bitcoins were used for illegal activity and make it illegal to trade those? Don't you see that an _ID_ on every bit of "coin" of money we have _IS ACTUALLY_ what the government _REALLY_ wants? Don't you realize that?




The bitcoin system has this little "flaw" of being vulnerable if you control 50% of the transaction approving nodes. You should read about your beloved technology.


Well these days money cant just flow from A to B without someone knowing, there is no full transparency but there is also not much possibility to hide a lot (and use it later to gain power). And again: Bitcoin wouldn't change that 1 bit..... People who want to hide can still hide, they can even much better hide as they can use digital technology to spread the money even over more accounts and activities and you as someone using the transparency to see whats going on, will still know nothing.......


Which of those problems solve the problem of how cash _FLOWS_...... Bitcoin is just another way of define a currency, a technical tight one, which doesnt change anything, in Germany Bitcoin is already taxed, i can't take in money from Bitcoin without registering with my country, else I am doing a Fraud, which is logical, cause we have the tax concept and I just cant illegal evade it, the concept can't change, or you say taxes and government is evil and we should go anarchistic, then bitcoin would be ACTUALLY useful... ONLY THEN... but trust me, then people will torture you to get your bitcoin wallet password and noone is there to care.
Or to make it more simple: There will be still someone giving you a credit and he still wants 5% from you, and _THIS_ is the core problem of the cashflow we have these days, as those 5% doesnt exist, and so the banks have money that doesnt exist (Read up about money really..... 99.99999% of people who know bitcoin have actually no idea what MONEY really means). So if bitcoin is not changing that (and there is nothing of bitcoin actually caring about this, bitcoin is just the coin, why the coin should care about how it is "parsed and used"?) then you will not really change anything of the problem....
Understanding what the problem with the cashflow really is, is the key to understand how to solve it. And trust me: Bitcoin is not helping in any form solving any of the problems of money. The only thing were bitcoin gets relevant is in Anarchy, then it makes sense, do you want anarchy? If so, then we are not having the same targets here ;-)
@_date: 2015-05-15 22:10:01
But you do realize that they would actually have more control through bitcoin then, or? They would just define which cashflows are illegal and let police get to people who trade this money they don't like. Bitcoin creates transparency for all, so deep transparency that everyone can see every cashflow, which includes government following who earned from what activity, in detail. And if they would control over 50% of the bitcoin nodes they could even actually "inject" transactions which never happened..... just saying, Bitcoin is not removing 1 bit of the problem, and is not changing anything in this context...... JUST SAYING......
Edit: I also want to add: The joke is, the only real thing that would bitcoin giving is the actually transparency, that can be the only thing you mean, but that _IS_ actually what we have already, we SEE where the cashflow goes, even pretty good, which is for them easier to distract with bitcoins..... and still it doesnt change anything...... ;)
@_date: 2017-10-13 12:00:48
But you realize that this is no prove of what you said, right? Oh i assume you probably don't realize that...... It is ok ;)
@_date: 2017-10-13 13:40:11
Could be ;). Relevant is that the complete world is splitted into those economical zones which is reflected by this currency. All currencies of the world together make the "(economical) value" of the world (Which is currently 150-250 trillion dollar depending on who you ask). Everything else, the products and everything else (including bitcoin) is "under" this layer of currencies. You influence currencies, you actually take away value from the economical room and put it in a "moving" state, its like the "(economical) value" of the bitcoin is frozen in some way, but luckily the more is frozen in bitcoin to more the "(economical) value" will sink, as it is less contributing to the complete picture. Keeping it moving is like literally keeping it "In the mouth" and so people want that product, and given that this product is designed to be handled LIKE a currency, you can see that price change like instantly, its a special thing, other companies could do the same and recalculate their product prices every day live, while they are on demand or not, but that is just administrative kinda waste of resources ;-). Overall I think you should understand that a currency MUST reflect an economical room.
What I _DO_ admit here is: Bitcoin might have an "economical" room in the illegal trade, given that illegal trading (slaves, guns, biological warfare, chemical warfare, explosives) was never covered in any economical room, you MIGHT can go as argumentation that Bitcoin (or all crypto currencies combined, all 1000&lt;) reflect this economical room. But that is not like the picture you might want from the money you earn with it ;).
So under the line: Every product is gamble, even every currency is gamble, but a product can suddenly lose its value when the product has a problem or is out of sense or whatever, while a currency is stable by concept, as stable as all the products of the economical area combined. Might be that a storm comes and wipes out the complete economical area and makes it pretty worthless, but you must admit, in no scenario of the world you would say that wiping out a country physical would be going without fundamental changes to values.
P.S.: Always in this context a very important point: That is why the EURO introduction was so "easy". They literally defined one economical room out of them all, and made the value of it mathematical based on the dimension and value of those economical rooms before. And then just "Let it go", they did technical not 1 bit more. The rest was covered through the european union trade contracts before, always super fascinating for me how "easy" that goes. Doing the same with products is just not possible, people do not accept that Product A and Product B should be enforced as one product, you would also say that another crypto currency is NOT the same as bitcoin, but all argumentations for "bitcoin is a currency" are things that are attributes of all crypto currencies, so TECHNICAL they are all the same solution for the problem, but ..... oh boy.... only the one that is mentioned in every article in the world about crypto currencies explodes like hell. That is Marketing, and not economical value ;)
@_date: 2017-10-13 13:21:42
But its based on supply and demand which of course always kicks in, but that doesn't make it that the thing itself has a value, the banana will lose its value when its rotten, but luckily the guy got money for it which reflects the value also the banana produced in the bigger ecosystem (that the money reflects). Money is not really based on supply &amp; demand of the money itself (like on bitcoin) but on the supply &amp; demand of the economical room it reflects. It doesn't even need to exist as physical or virtual money to have value (that is then the "speculation" element, like betting on the economical room, but you dont need to do that in the local currency, you can do that in the foreign currency and still increase the local currency). Bitcoin is yet another product, it is not a currency.
I btw admit that using the word "value" in 2 different context on my first comment was a bit stupid, its sadly hard for me to differ those (currency/econmical room value and "product" value) in writing really. Still foreign language for me ;) (Already hard to explain that kind of shit in own language).
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:58:30
No, it is not...... But dream what you dream :)
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:52:48
"not be surprised"? What do you think else would be the value? The economical value of the country Bitcoin?......... There is literally nothing else that can define what Bitcoin is worth, it has no value, it is like a basketball trading card, it has the value the people make out of it.... which of course is based on how much people talk about and how much people promote it. Logical..................... basic economics
@_date: 2017-10-13 14:42:57
The real currencies are in turmoil because the countries are in turmoil, cause people start to think that existing concepts should be replaced, everything is in more chaos, but that doesn't make those concepts obsolete. And no, "The internet" is no economical room, that is the point, cause its all covered by other economical rooms. Your internet is in Country X and so all things happening with the internet in your country impact the economical value of your country and so your country currency, which means whatever you do with bitcoins in your country _IS_ impacting your currency, if you want it or not, you didnt "switched" currency, you just used another product. That is what you have to understand. If now a country says "We use bitcoin as currency" and so do not have any other currency in their country that is covered by the government (the ruler of this economical zone) then it would have an own economical zone........... and that country would be probably doomed forever 8-) You must see, its not all about how you see it from your little point of view of yourself, you must see the big picture, and if you do not reflect a economical _ZONE_ (like a PHYSICAL AREA of people doing TRADE inside and outside) then you are not a currency, period. There are often in many countries those alternative "currencies", introduced in local areas, "Freigeld", a very good concept hopefully gets the currency concept in the world longtime, but beside this, this "Freigeld"-experimental islands are STILL not an own currency, even tho they are sold and traded like a currency and even probably covered by government, but they are still just tools of cashflow inside the complete economical zone of the currency the country has.
And your little scenario with all the money lost, you must see other around: If you can't lose the money when your country gets broke, then it was never there for the country, so it MIGHT BE that even you participated to make the country broke with moving its value into bitcoins so massivly that the actual currency the ACTUAL economical value reflected of the economical zone gets broke. It is like, you can't "replace" currency, it is just there. Even if a country is not making up a currency, it WILL have a currency in some other form, it might be not messured but it exist. Would be kinda cranky for the world market if they do not have a "number" on that country, but it has to sort in the things coming (and going) to the country. Oh right there are actually countries without an OWN currency, but using another ones currency. They still are an economical zone and so still have a value on their own, but this value must be calculated all the time in context of the currency, so people in those countries have pretty wonky prices, but that is then their currency, even if its not theirs.
You really need to see that currency is not something we really made up. The concept of money is not bad, the extreme freedom of the financial market is, but not money itself. That is like literally driving all the people to bitcoin, thinking that it gives them a security they dont have else, but that is just a cloud, if there is suddenly no one taking bitcoins anymore, because the government made it highly illegal (could also happen) then you would see the value going down, INDEPENDENT of the still thousands and thousands of people using and trading with it, but the real demand goes way down and so its value. It is just a product, bound to its own reality, not to the reality of a complete country.
It is like 2 layers which are looking like they are exchangeable but they arent. Money is there no matter what. BTW: In Germany you have to pay taxes for Bitcoin, they are regular income, so the government wants you to report those bitcoins (if you are a company getting paid with them), they are really not that much of a different world, as they have always be bend into the existing structures.
If you say Bitcoin can be a currency replacement, then Putin is just happy that there can be more chaos made around the world. Bitcoin is nothing more as a trading good, a trading good with a gigantic speculation range... why is that gigantic speculation range? Cause its nothing more than a cloud of illusions :) It is like the same with the rise of USD after presidental vote.... Every 4 years directly after the president is voted it, the USD rises like crazy, no matter what president is voted (even if its a revote of the same one), just because there is so much "illusion" about the brand new america that comes up, so half the people invest invest invest (the half who waited for this specific president, the other half is unhappy and doesnt invest, but that doesnt crush the huge amount invested from the first half).
BTW: What bothers me most actually about all this, is the fact that Bitcoin is so trackable, that we will have a time, where if you pay at a shop with bitcoins, the police will come and handcuff you, cause you might have a bitcoin that went through an illegal deal before. I really have no idea how that helps you to get "independent" from the government, if the using of the bitcoins is literally putting you near unrelated criminal activity with prove. I never understand what you Bitcoins fans like about that so much ;).
@_date: 2017-10-13 12:03:05
The traded slaves will be thankful for your investment
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:46:11
The value of Bitcoin is based on the amount of references in the public media.
@_date: 2017-10-13 13:00:13
I did, what do you think the trading card example was for? Everything has a value, a banana has a value...... but that doesn't make bananas a currency.