@_author: ravagedsavage
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:01:29
I've been checking in on Bitcoin since the early days you mention and while initially excited about it I decided against it. Fundamentally I don't believe it will ever be a real currency so I've never really gotten involved. I believe this because it will always be a system which rewards earlier adopter due to being deflationary. It will continue to draw in new blood for the foreseeable future as a speculative investment but at a certain point that will no longer matter. It will need to stand on it's own too feet as a currency, not an investment. It cannot do that when transaction counts barely rise compared to the "value" being placed on it. It's a musical chairs game showing no signs of stopping.
I do think cryptocurrencies will take off as a true currency, just not BitCoin. One which inflates/deflates the supply automatically based on transaction volume would be my horse in the race. It needs to allow for people to jump on the train and get the same "value" as someone who did so a year before or 10 years before. I am not saying it needs to be pegged to any currency but the deviation in value from "normal" currencies should represent the inflationary/deflationary realities of those currencies and not speculation.
I don't regret for a second not getting involved. Almost nobody is using it outside of get rich quick schemes and for every dollar someone makes, someone else lost one. I won't contribute to that zero sum game for the benefit of a few who can time their exit. 
@_date: 2013-04-13 04:21:37
 the site doesn't even work
 you'd have to be a retard to pay double 
@_date: 2013-04-15 23:30:53
Deeper into the cult?
@_date: 2013-08-24 15:37:57
There was a good post on bitcointalk about how the hash rate peaked well after the exchange rate peaked in the previous crash. The exchange rate didn't finally bottom out until after the hash rate peak. The gist of the post was that because of all the pre-orders/waiting for equipment the hash peak is taking longer than it did last time. 
Who knows if this will repeat or not but the logic makes sense. Everyone sees how much they could be making (if they were mining at the time of their order) make pre-orders and wait months for the equipment, bring it all online and a bunch realize they can't make any money so orders slow down, rigs go offline or switch, sell coins they do have or have stockpiled to break even which drives prices down. 
@_date: 2013-08-25 22:31:09
With that logic everyone should be CPU mining to increase the security of the network. 
@_date: 2013-08-25 22:07:01
Except you don't buy a shirt or a pizza and expect it to generate Bitcoins, they have other purposes. What other purpose does this have outside of mining? To look cool? I am sure you can make a non-functional USB stick look like this or better for much cheaper.
I don't really care myself, buy them if you want but don't pretend it's the same as any of those things you listed, it's not even close. A realistic comparison would be purchasing a fancy pet rock.
@_date: 2013-09-08 17:22:21
Any plans to extend this to work with other cryptos? I imagine there is a market for alternatives as well. 
@_date: 2013-10-05 07:30:52
You not knowing how to solve the flaw doesn't mean it should be ignored. I am not sure what you are trying to defend there?
The show you are putting on is the site profit, it is very disingenuous to not subtract out all commission you have earned as that is not part of any profits the investors have earned. The effective commission is not 10%, it is higher. Therefore the obvious answer would be to lower what you take so the commission is actually closer to 10% or stop pretending it's 10% and display the real numbers.
As for how you could skim from investors unnoticed, probably the easiest would be to generate new client seeds and calculate what your win/lose over X number of bets is and choose any which are positive to use. To everyone watching you are lucky but you know the outcome before you made a bet. To get "fancy" just adjust the bet amounts instead to turn any losing seed into a winner. This would literally take 10-15 minutes to setup and as long as you don't get too greedy or otherwise slip up you will never be caught.
I can't comment much on anything else you said since it is meaningless from an objective viewpoint. Either people believe you or they don't. 
@_date: 2013-10-04 17:22:42
Except that would piss off enough people to expect real repercussions. I am sure there is enough of a trail to track him down relatively easily, especially with a collective 5 million reward. 
Regardless though, how this site is run is very sketchy. The obvious flaw is it's not provably fair to any investor, you have to solely trust the site not to organized a scheme where the server secret is shared in order to skim from investors. It's extremely trivial to keep a bet history which appears on the surface to just be lucky and completely normal when it's anything but. You don't even have to go big, you could easily skim small amounts from several different accounts, 1, 10 or even 100 BTC per day off the top would never be noticed in all the normal variance expected.
This isn't debatable, it is a fact that this would be possible. Having to solely trust someone who has large financial incentives to rip you off with almost no chance of detection seems ridiculous for a face to face deal with someone you are acquainted with, even more so online. 
The response to any of these types of comments? They all essentially boil down to "Well, it could be done but it would be sooo hard so you can trust me that I won't". Again, in reality, this is not hard at all and you would have to be extremely incompetent to not successfully pull it off.
On top of this, investors also get screwed on commission. Site made profit? Great, that will be 10% please. Site lost money? Great, you keep your money but your percentage of the site roll is encouraged to become diluted which makes it harder to return to a profit while allowing others who invest after your loss to.. you guessed it, make a profit and be charged commission. There are people on the site who have paid commission and yet are negative over the lifetime of their investment. All the while, the operator of the site who is taking no risk is making bank. 
Ah.. I see, he needs to make money for running the site. Well, there are much better ways of going about it, although those might not make as much money or be guaranteed to always make money regardless of the overall investment gains. I am sure the real "profit" of the site is substantially lower if the commission is taken into account, which should be unless the goal is to put on a facade to not scare away the investors. 
At the end of the day though, it doesn't effect me. I don't use the site to either invest or gamble. I just find it absolutely laughable that so many rush to the defence of this guy when, outside of not being caught stealing (see above), has not done anything to prove he is operating legitimately. I don't believe one way or another that he is skimming, I just see he is fleecing investors while putting on a show and in the worst case is also outright stealing on top of this. The absence of proof isn't proof of innocents. 
@_date: 2013-09-08 19:22:59
Looks like a 10% mark up. Services like this are great and all but until everyone stops trying to fleece and take huge transaction fees it's not exactly worth using. 
People like Bitcoin in part for the low transaction cost so they are going to pay a middle man 10% instead? Nope. 