@_author: ravenbit
@_date: 2014-10-18 01:30:50
There are only 50 coins with numbers:  -  sold out on ravenbit.com in about 48 hours.  -  will be individually auctioned off on bitcointalk over the next couple of weeks. Currently,  is up for auction [here]( - the auction ends on Sunday, Oct 19 at 6pm EDT. The auction for  will begin on Oct 19 and the auction for coin  will begin on Oct 20. 
As mentioned above, standard edition coins are still available on ravenbit.com. The only difference being that the standard edition is not individually numbered, but instead has a "mint mark".
@_date: 2014-01-02 03:19:02
Thanks for your order! Happy New Year!
@_date: 2014-10-18 01:17:27
Check out [ravenbit.com]( for more information and pictures. 
Coin  of 50 of the NODE limited edition series is up for auction on [bitcointalk]( with auctions for coin  through coin  to follow. The remaining 41 limited edition coins are sold out. However, there are still standard edition coins available on ravenbit.com for $20 (discounts on 5, 20, or 50 quantity orders).
Feel free to PM on reddit or bitcointalk. I'm also available by [email](
@_date: 2013-12-27 17:03:48
I think you make some fair points and I appreciate the feedback.
I probably could have foregone some of these costs, but then I wouldn't be producing a product that meets my expectations. If you want a product with the bare minimum, or less, there are plenty of options.
Also, an assembled coin from ANY manufacturer, including Casascius, is totally suspect because it is relatively trivial to [remove the hologram]( So, I do not understand why any intelligent person is purchasing a loading bitcoin online.
From a manufacturing and materials standpoint, which is what you are suggesting as the only viable cost to pass on to the buyer, the silver alone in a 1 oz silver coin costs $20. Depending on quantity minting a silver coin can cost anywhere from $5-$15 per coin. How about labels to put the private key on? Also, where do you display the public key? I'm sure you could scotch tape something together (but not for the $20 you suggest), but it would look like shit, and the point of my product is to not look like shit.
Please don't dismiss the defense of my product as merely arguing. Defending something I have spent the last 4 months on is not petty or otherwise. Again, you have made some fair points, albeit slightly misinformed ones, which I will take into consideration. Thanks.
@_date: 2013-12-27 03:19:38
If you're interested in 2014 coins (albeit not casascius), we have just launched our DIY physical bitcoin kit. We provide the labels, holograms, coins and accessories. You generate, print and apply the keys to the coin. There is no question that Mike is trustworthy, but this approach doesn't require the buyer to trust the issuer has securely generated and then destroyed his or her private key. [ravenbit.com](
@_date: 2013-12-27 07:56:47
The hologram site you linked to are stock holograms and you couldn't even get them to PRINT a logo on it for less than a few hundred. CUSTOM holograms are NOT ink printed on top of a stock hologram. 
Try here: 
I'm sorry that I used words that adults use in regular conversation. It'd serve you well to stop pontificating on matters you know nothing of and try creating something that isn't a sad attempt at trolling.
@_date: 2013-12-27 07:17:39
Incorrect on every misinformed, incoherent assumption you have made.
First, it's $67.50 when paying with bitcoin and my price is below every comparable, quality option currently available. If you do not see this as a fair price that is absolutely fine, but if you are going to attack me, tell me what is good for me and question my ethics, everyone who reads this must understand that I'm not going to go easy on this individual. 
Second, That printed sticker is called a tamper evident security hologram. The cost to merely design, not manufacture, a custom hologram is multiple thousands of dollars. In addition to that there are custom labels for keys that also cost thousands of dollars. So, when including cost of manufacture we're already 2-3 times over your imaginary $3 per coin breaking point. 
Third, What exactly is "stamping a coin"? I'll assume you are referring to the issuer applying a printed label to a coin -- that would justify a giant price increase? You are aware that the issuers who "stamp the coin" have full access to your private key correct? Considering your post, I guess it is not shocking to me that you perceive that as value added. I mean who wouldn't see the added benefit in someone you've never met generating a private key that is the only way to gain access to any associated funds.  And just so you are aware, standardizing the process of "stamping a coin", as you so brilliantly call it, is actually easier than what I have done with my product, because there is only one person who is assembling the coin. Creating a process that is going to work for nearly all users, while considering cost, ability to ship, my sanity and technological savy of my customers was a lot more difficult and time consuming than had I did the applying myself.
Fourth, you have considered the cost of actually *designing* the coin and the hologram and not just plopping open source images on them, correct? (by the way, the cost of just physically minting a coin and creating the custom die was somewhere in the middle out of all of my expenses) Oh, I'm sure the thousands spent on shipping and packaging, and time spent securing negotiated rates with all major carriers was factored in, as well. And don't forget about the software and the web development costs.  You've also certainly factored in the legal costs, considering the entire business model of putting keys on a physical object, selling it to someone and then loading bitcoin onto it is currently obsolete in the USA? Do you have any clue how much it costs to draft a proper TOS and PP? Go check and see how many of your favorite physical bitcoin companies actually have both of these documents. By the way, if you want to buy the physical coins that changed from denominated, bitcoin loaded coins to DIY coins overnight, by all means go over to bitcointalk, or one their websites, that may or may not have something as basic as an SSL certificate and buy them. It's obvious you haven't done much forum trading or deals to appreciate the cost and time I went to setting up something resembling a professional operation.
My point is, is that I did my due diligence; I do things correctly, ethically and if my customer isn't satisfied I make it right. All of this costs money and a lot of time which, and I hope I don't have to explain this to you, is more valuable. If you don't want to pay for quality then there are a lot of other options, and that is not to say that there isn't a lot of quality out there too, but guess what.. they charge just as much.
@_date: 2013-12-27 07:26:10
Thank you! I'm considering releasing different products in the very near future that will be priced considerably lower. If you think you might be interested, you can PM me or [register for my mailing list]( for updates.
If you are interested in something that costs less, *right now*, you might want to check out [Cryptovest's physical litecoin]( I was part of a mining cooperative that was run by the owner of Cryptovest and I can attest to him running a  good operation. I don't know about the quality of his physical litecoin, although I am planning on buying one, but it looks nice and might be priced right for your budget.
@_date: 2013-12-27 04:14:02
yes - one coin per kit.
@_date: 2013-12-30 02:26:54
We have lowered the price to $29 for the coin kit OR $19 for just the coin, 2 holograms and air-tite capsule
@_date: 2013-12-27 16:34:11
Yes, I'll have a pic for you at some point today.
@_date: 2013-12-27 16:36:21
This was the plan and I will work on this today - I will definitely let you know when I have a video. Thanks for reminding me.