@_author: raven_785
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:52:50
After witnessing reddit's attempt at investigative journalism after the marathon bombings, I think I'll leave this one to the professionals.  The counter-evidence presented by OP is pretty weak.
@_date: 2014-02-20 18:19:47
I opened an MtGox account in December because they were supposed to be the largest and most trustworthy exchange.  It took them over a month to verify my account so I never ended up using them, but I think it's worth pointing this out because we're seeing some 1984 style revisionism here in this thread.
When I go to google and search for "where to buy bitcoins" (without quotes) the top result is a wiki page.  [Here's what it looked like on December 3, 2013](


A little further down in the top 10 results is [this site](


Even a developer podcast I listen to called .NET Rocks recommended MtGox for buying bitcoins in January of THIS YEAR.
Now that they've effectively collapsed, today in this thread we are hearing nonsense here about how MtGox was well known to be untrustworthy, how notorious their incompetence was, and how everyone should have seen this coming (it was sooo obvious) and you are an idiot if you were still using MtGox.
We've always been at war with Eastasia.
When the next exchange or other major Bitcoin service fails, it will be the same thing.  Whatever it is, even though it is popular and widely recommended at this very minute, we'll have a parade of people telling us how it was always obvious utter crap and anyone who used it was an idiot.
How can anyone trust Bitcoin, Bitcoin services, or this community if this is how serious issues are dealt with?
@_date: 2014-02-20 21:25:23
I don't get this - the vast majority of Bitcoin users are strong believers in the strength and efficiency of the free market.  The value of Bitcoin on MtGox was the same as on any other exchange - usually higher, IIRC.  This means the market was comfortable with MtGox - more comfortable than with any other exchange since it had the highest price in USD, actually.  If there was a widespread rational reason to distrust MtGox, as you seem to be claiming, that would have been reflected in the price of BTC on MtGox.  That's exactly what is happening right now - today there actually is widespread distrust of MtGox, and as a result, 1 BTC is going for $111 on MtGox and something like $600 everywhere else.
So either the market is inefficient - which I don't believe given that BTC is actually worth a lot less on MtGox today when the market does have knowledge of trust issues - or there was not widespread belief of serious trust issues with MtGox in the past (relative to other exchanges).
With any technology service, there will always be detractors.  This is no different.  Whenever any technology service goes under, the detractors will tell everyone "we told you so!"  But it's like predicting the outcome of a roulette wheel.  When it lands on red and I picked red, I attribute that to chance.  If there was a rational reason to pick red, everyone would.
@_date: 2014-02-20 23:35:42
Can you explain why BTC was usually trading higher on MtGox than other exchanges if MtGox was "notorious for major failures?"  If what you are saying was true, it should have been trading much lower on MtGox than other exchanges - like it is today, now that it truly is "notorious for major failures."
I think the failures MtGox did have in the past were seen as something endemic among all Bitcoin exchanges.  This is why, while one exchange may have been trading at higher USD prices than another, they were still fairly close to one another overall.
@_date: 2014-02-20 18:32:40
The impression I had (and still have) was that withdrawals behind held up, hacks, and seizures are par for the course with Bitcoin services.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:18:36
Why are you under the impression that you couldn't write off losses from bitcoins?  If you sell the bitcoins and realize the loss, it would be a capital loss just like with stocks or any other asset.
You also need to pay capital gains tax on any realized gains.