@_author: ravemittens
@_date: 2016-12-23 02:36:13
You can try Coinbase as well. They offer instant purchase if you connect a debit or credit card, or you can buy direct from your bank account but you have to wait a period before getting them. For someone who lives where LBC isn't popular, Coinbase works alright. You may have to scan your photo ID - but it's up to you whether that's a deal breaker or not. 
@_date: 2016-12-24 00:59:12
The Blockchain app for iOS is also pretty nice
@_date: 2016-12-24 01:01:12
That went from zero to crazy real quick
@_date: 2017-07-05 16:57:10
Well, that's your experience. You can't go around saying that's the case. That's not my experience at all. 
@_date: 2017-07-05 18:18:57
Yes, I think people who show a track record of being unable to complete things they start because they lack the restraint or motivation should be looked at with skepticism in situations like interviews and such. 
Why wouldn't they??
Or are job interviews just part of that group think sandwich too, and we should all just work wherever we want based on how well we think we'll do?
@_date: 2017-07-05 16:48:13
It doesn't mean uneducated in the sense that they don't have a degree. It just means they aren't well-learned in many subjects. 
Education broadens your world view and helps you interpret things in the world. It doesn't have to be classical education. 
It's been shown time and time again that an uneducated populace is easily manipulated. 
@_date: 2017-07-05 18:44:36
Wow. You're vehement on this subject. 
You asked me that question specifically so that you could roll out that rant, didn't you?
Obviously I think context is important, and the decision shouldn't be made based only on the school. But, yeah, if I were interviewing, the guy who didn't go would be starting at a disadvantage. That's just the way it is, that doesn't mean that I'd overlook their positive attributes if they had some. As for nepotism (if you can call it that), I didn't ever say that's how it should be done, so I don't know where that came from. 
Jesus, dude. Look, I'm sorry for calling you kiddo earlier. Just trying to have levity. And I'm honestly sorry if people aren't able to look past your lack of degree and see your other qualities. That's not what I was advocating. I'm sure you're a good person, and if you're more knowledgeable on a subject, I'm sure there are people out there that would be able to appreciate it, just like I would. 
You just have to realize that, yes, you are starting at a disadvantage socially, and you have to make sure you don't hold that against the person. It's not their fault, really, they just haven't those life experiences to see that there are people like yourself out there (this is why anecdotal experiences are a problem (; ...). But the minute you start to get indignant and act like they're the assholes for not giving you the same platform as someone with a degree, you shut them out from seeing the merit in what you're saying/doing. People get into fight mode and they are literally impregnable to new information. 
@_date: 2017-07-05 17:15:07
Alright, Bertrand Russell. I'm not looking to get into a philosophical debate. 
All I'm saying is, is that you're making a statement which you know is purely anecdotal and subjective, and therefore you have to know that it doesn't hold any real merit. 
The point is, uneducated people are easily manipulated. One example of this is when they can't realize the difference between subjective and objective experiences. 
@_date: 2017-07-05 17:42:00
Okay, we seem to have come all the way back around to where we started. 
Who are these "people"?? Because, no, most people I've encountered would agree that having a degree does not always equal being smart. (Btw being educated != being "smarter")
There you go again taking your subjective viewpoints and making blanket statements with them. 
Then you'll say how that's all you've ever seen, and I'll say my part, and in about 4 comments, we'll be back here again. 
It sounds to me like you're angsty towards your parents (friends?) who have degrees, and you are harboring this idea that you're still smarter than them and that they can't hold it over you. Which, hey, maybe you are, I don't know. But stop acting like your personal experiences are indicative of the rest of the whole world, because they aren't. 
Grandpa would have learned that by reading all those books - you know, the ones filled with stories if other peoples' widely varying experiences. 
@_date: 2017-07-05 17:06:20
Well yeah, that's shitty of them, and being educated doesn't mean you can stop learning. 
On your "people only have their own experiences" - yes, that's true, but you should have the wherewithal to realize that those are subjective statements that may not be compatible with the real world. 
@_date: 2017-07-05 18:03:01
Oh my god, there's no use for a degree? Okay. 
Did you not accepted to your ideal school last fall? Or are you always this 3dgy?
Degrees have merit. They may not be the end-all be-all, but they show that someone was able to put off instant gratification for a long term investment, and that they were able to work diligently and overcome challenges for no immediate gain. They have worth in what they symbolize, if not in what they teach (which, honestly, if you're going to tell me that you can learn just as much about medical science or organic chemistry from reading books as a person who completed a doctorate program in that subject, you're hilarious). 
I'm done here, kiddo. Keep living in your "real world" while people move on, live their lives, have experiences, and grow as people. Sure feels more "real" over here in the "farce". 
@_date: 2017-06-11 02:02:22
Democracy has not "worked for millennia". 