@_author: rawati
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:11:49
OP, what you describe in the title is called "slippage" in conventional trading markets, aka the price movement between the time the order is stamped and its place in the queue, and the time your order is filled.
In BTC trading, which has experienced a "fast market", or high volume of traders trying to put orders in at one time, you are at the mercy of a seller.
With P2P transactions under escrow (localbitcoins) you can lock down an exact time or amount, whereas on coinbase or other centralized exchanges, your trade in or out of BTC at a price based on the subjective whim of the exchange. Things like market orders, limit orders, stop loss, inefficiency, illiquidity...perhaps you could benefit from learning what these terms mean IRW and apply that understanding to crypto trading if you want to improve your odds.
@_date: 2017-12-08 03:34:39
What is your trading experience? Don’t make an expensive mistake. You have to ensure availability of your devices, then hope the party you’re dealing with will not go down like Coinbase and others. 
There are ways to trade this market through derivative financial instruments which are in development as we speak. 
A big difference with this market is the 24/7 activity. You could not carry a position overnight in the current volatile market.
Like someone else said, learn more about BTC for a few weeks. 
Start a plan after Jan 1 2018. You will learn the rhythms of price movement. 
Don’t invest unless you have written down the trading system you will follow and stick to, no matter what happens. Without this ‘traders discipline’ you will become sloppy and lose. 
So, speaking of a system....There is a neat strategy in futures trading called “pyramiding”.  Do some research and I think you could apply it with outstanding results. Trade safely, not recklessly, is the key.
@_date: 2017-12-14 03:04:50
Not necessarily. An organized team of scammers can build a dossier and work the comment space to attract their target. I've fought them on other forums. They will study your posting history and map your contacts. That is only the beginning of what others have experienced.
Also...your family will need to lawyer up. Make it clear to them you will litigate if necessary if they mess with your cryptos.
IIWY I would practice a story on how you lost your key, your passphrase, you got hacked, your exchange got hacked, etc. If you are a good actor they might believe you, who knows?
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:06:51
OP-That is par for the course. Give it a few days. The volume of demand is overwhelming the exchanges. It happens in the stock market when there is a panic or a feeding frenzy. Trade in quiet, not fast markets.
The principle is simple. Don’t make an important drive into a traffic jam with everyone else at the same time. The slippage on a day like this could be sizable. Be careful and good luck.
