@_author: ray_del_mundo
@_date: 2017-12-05 07:17:53
MDMA helped me learn to be present. It's not magic, but without it, I'm not sure I could have learned it. After that, I learned to meditate. Now being present has just become a life choice. But it's been a really fucking hard journey. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 21:57:33
I must be missing something because this doesn't make any sense.  How would this person get access to your wife's checks to physically cash a check at a bank?  Just having someone's online account info doesn't get you copies of their checks, does it?
@_date: 2013-10-29 00:26:06
Adding on to this, anyone want to walk through the easiest way (step by step) for moving your coins from coinbase to another wallet?  Something that balances ease with some amount of additional security?
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:48:45
Only to the extent that they do not have sufficient fiat already on hand to cover liabilities (to the extent those liabilities require fiat, which, at the point of mass adoption, they may not).  If Walmart does 10% of its business in BTC, it does 90% in fiat.  At that point, it would have plenty of fiat on hand to cover its taxes and likely all its liabilities.  At that point, it's also quite likely that adoption would be widespread enough that Walmart could use its BTC elsewhere in the supply chain without ever having to exchange to fiat.
There is no reason that BTC holdings could not be a line item on Walmart's corporate taxes just like cash on hand and inventory.
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:52:13
I know.  I cannot believe I've read this whole damn thread.  He just keeps repeating the same points over and over without taking a second to try to understand the explanations that are being provided, which answer all of his questions.  He also seems to have little to no understanding of how corporate taxes work and seems to think that all assets must be liquidated to cash at the end of the year to pay taxes.  Trying to overcome that fundamental misunderstanding has proven impossible.
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:37:43
You don't really seem to understand this stuff, at all.  Walmart's btc holdings would be a line item on their corporate taxes, Forms 10-K, etc.  They can easily close their books without converting btc to fiat (or legal tender as you're fond of calling it), just like they do not have to sell each and every piece of inventory because they cannot pay taxes with TVs, shoes, and milk inventory.  If at some point the vast majority of Walmart's holdings are in btc, such that they would need to liquidate btc to pay in fiat, we will be living in a very different world than the one you're imagining and the "problems" you envision will already have been dealt with.  
I really don't see why this is so confusing for you.  
On your more general point.  First, you vastly underestimate the amount of money on the various exchanges.  Second, if some insisted on selling 10,000 btc immediately, they could do so.  There is sufficient demand out there for 10,000 btc - but maybe not sufficient demand at $1,000USD/btc.  But certainly somewhere still significantly above $0.
Finally, you also seem to be missing the point that at the point of mass adoption, most people would transact mostly in btc.  Certain things (like taxes) may require an exchange of btc for "legal tender" - but who cares?  Why is this important?  Finally, at the point of mass adoption, who's to say that governments would not let you pay your taxes in btc?  How is this really different than countries tying their currency to that of another country?  Or than El Salvador using US Dollars?  Or European countries agreeing to use the Euro?
Goddammit, I can't believe I wasted my time typing all this out when I have very little faith it will actually help you understand any of this.   
@_date: 2013-12-05 00:35:19
I wouldn't be so quick to say this.  Any BTC holdings at the end of the year should be a line item asset, just like any other assets, and the profit derived from the sale of any goods (value of BTC received, minus the cost of the goods sold) should likely also be reported as a profit.  The safer play, tax-wise, would be to treat your BTC income just like your cash income and to think of your BTC in your wallet, like you would cash in your safe or bank account.  Not reporting BTC income is surely tax evasion (for businesses, as well as individuals). 
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:20:11
There's a second set of panelists that will follow these two folks.
@_date: 2013-12-04 00:44:16
No, he's either not thinking or knows nothing about corporate taxes, balance sheets, etc.  A company's btc holdings would simply be a line item on their balance sheet and their profits derived from sales in btc would be accounted for just like all other profits.  There would be no need to cash out to fiat, unless the company did not have cash on hand to pay its tax bill or corporate dividend or whatever.  Or at the point of mass adoption, with sufficient infrastructure, it's not impossible to imagine taxes being paid in btc.  This isn't incredibly different than the Euro or pegging ones currency to that of another country.  Not sure why this is unimaginable. 