@_author: ray_wj
@_date: 2018-09-18 07:32:04
One more useful feature of bitcoin--subverting political disasters. How do you think Russian and Iranians are avoiding the sanctions? They're probably paying way less in fees while they do it too. 
Bitcoin transcends borders and conflicts. That's what makes it so great. Governments can't just forbid you from sending money home to your family because they think that person's government isn't playing by their rules. You can do whatever you want, and they'll never be able to stop it.
@_date: 2018-09-17 11:35:18
Yeah a lot of people won't actually give out their main address, they'll just have transactions sent to an intermediary. Then they'll send large payments to the savings address as a cold storage. Not only is this more secure but it allows consolidation of coins in an address that no one knows but you. So if each buyer and sender does this, they'd have to send a payment twice. This would effectively make a $100 transaction appear as $300 because there are two more transactions involved. 
That's the lowest use case in a logical payment process. But in reality it could be much more if several wallets need to be consolidated to make a larger payment. So yes, it's really hard to measure exactly how much money is going through the Bitcoin network
@_date: 2018-09-06 14:03:16
Yeah it's always when all the news channels start sounding the victory horns that you should be careful. They don't know anything when it comes to price prediction, they're just printing headlines that are sensational. This is what the people want to hear, so they write it. It sells, people click, they make money. Cycle repeats. 
No one can ever predict that the currency will reach a certain price at a certain time. It can be predicted that it will go up or down based on recent events, that's it.
@_date: 2018-09-14 12:36:40
This looks promising. Israeli developed technology? Must be good.
I'd like to have it for iOS because it would be a very useful daily spending type of wallet. You could keep a small amount on hand and not have to carry cash around everywhere. Well, maybe one day. Until then we can carry it around and try to ask people to accept it.
@_date: 2018-09-01 11:05:57
Good point. When they hear me rambling about something at dinner they never take it seriously enough to do research. But give a good book on it and they might look into it. Might.
The problem nowadays is that a lot of people don't have the time and patience to read a book on something that they don't have a connection with. Give them an emotional or cognitive reason and they'll read it front to back. 
That's why YouTube videos are so popular these days. A quick and dirty summary gets people to decide if they want to look further into the topic or not.
@_date: 2018-09-07 16:55:52
Great advice. Real investments happen incrementally and are never a concern if they drop in a few days. Almost everything I buy goes red for at least a few days, sometimes weeks, but that's not a reason to panic. It's about how much loss you can tolerate and when time is to pull the plug. A drop of about 20% is nothing for bitcoin, it could recover that in another day.
Also take everyone's opinion around here with a grain of salt. No one is an expert on your money.
@_date: 2018-09-20 09:32:35
This is awesome. I'm gonna see if I can implement it at my business. How hard was it to set up? Not only is it cheap and efficient, but people admire you for being so technologically advanced!
Which lightning network enabled wallet would you recommend? Are there apps for iOS available too? I'd like to try to pay with lightning and see how fast it is.
@_date: 2018-09-02 10:54:04
Sure, you may see some desperation in the eyes of the HODLers, but that doesn't necessarily mean that the price is going to crash. These people want to see some real price action after several months of sideways trading. Can you hardly blame them? It's hard to sit and wait without anything happening.
But if there is a downward move, it won't be sustained. There's been major breakthroughs in the lightening system to make it more reliable for transactions. Miners will defend 6k to the death. You might see a dip, but there won't be much more than that.
@_date: 2018-09-11 11:08:28
That's excellent. Can that actually be claimed though? I know many European and North American states recognize it as an asset, but when it comes time to do taxes, will the revenue service recognize these as expenses? Of course they'll recognize the income, that's obvious.
Providing more tools like this helps Bitcoin to be more user friendly and easily adoptable. The only problem is for some citizens, it's not so easy to buy. Countries with sanctions or crises can't get it for a reasonable price.