@_author: raydahz
@_date: 2014-07-01 03:19:30
I get not wanting to work with money changers, but you should definitely reach out and market to tourists like glaatraa (the younger, re-mote working, bitcoin adopter crowd) I think it's a great opportunity to get bitcoin out as well. The initial BTC to Peso transfer in Manila will just be a way for you to acquire that person as a customer. Then when they come back to Manila, they'll likely have a bunch of pesos that they pulled out using a regular ATM in Palawan that they'd like to convert back to BTC before their flight to BKK. 
Ideally for you they'll be with a group of friends and that customer can exchange all their Pesos to BTC for them so they don't have to convert Pesos to Baht which can have ridiculous rates sometimes. 
I don't know... might be a good BTC Out for you if you think it through and keep it elegant.
@_date: 2014-07-01 03:05:45


And you can't expect them to post fundamental financial details in the comments section of reddit, either.  You're right to be concerned, I share you same concerns, but you're assuming they haven't thought this through completely based on answers on a subreddit, which is unfair.
@_date: 2014-06-29 14:42:15
I tried to watch the video, but didn't have the stomach for it. The guy seemed like a douche.
It's great that Rand Paul is polling well, but Ron Paul polled well too. What's so different about the Republican electorate this year that will get him through the primaries? Mid terms and run-off elections are a whole different story from primary elections.... 
I guess we'll see. Sorry I'm not all excited as you are :)
@_date: 2014-06-29 11:33:41


3 years. Less than 1 election cycle. Rand Paul is Hillary's worst nightmare? I think you're getting way way ahead of yourself.
@_date: 2014-06-29 09:18:07
Even given all that, they are still a  minority in the Republican party (see Ron Paul's election results) which makes them a very small minority when you consider the entire US electorate. Noisy. Growing. But still small. 
@_date: 2014-07-01 03:43:15
You guys definitely need to take a "Grow the Pie" approach and work together. Long long looooooooooooooooooooooooong road ahead for you both. I'd go so far as to Co-Sponsor free events/parties around the Philippines together.
Question for you both: How are you planning to get more OFWs to have bitcoin to send in the first place? The problem isn't on the Philippines side. If you tell ate to go get 5,000 PHP at M Luhllier she doesn't care if it was sent by BTC or carrier pigeon -- she just wants to know it's there and ready. So really the decision is in the hands of the sender and the sender (we can safely assume) doesn't have any bitcoin or the slightest idea how/where to get it. Neither of your websites make it easy to understand how the OFW/sender gets bitcoin to begin with. That's where your marketing and outreach needs to be in my opinion.
@_date: 2014-07-01 03:30:50
The home page itself could use some work. Love how the form is right there. But it could use some more trust signals. I'd recommend removing that enormous hero area or making it much smaller (height wise). I'd post the current BTC price you're buying/exchanging at like you have the US exchange rate. I'd also display the cebuana and m luhllier logos so people know that the receiver will in fact be receiving Pesos like they always have been and not BTC.
@_date: 2015-04-02 05:57:51
After reading the two articles you linked to I downvoted the fuck out of this thread. What a karma whore, scaremonger OP is.... 
Unless OP is Snowden. In that case, very well played, sir. Lol