@_author: razare2015
@_date: 2017-02-16 18:40:24
Coin Desk and bitcoin news constantly covering China was a false mantra they had latched onto for news purposes.  CNBC does this with stocks.  90% of the news on there is hogwash, has nothing to do with actual price movements over the long-term.
Holders of bitcoin care more about whether the bitcoin ETF is approved... Chinese people laundering money out of China, buying bitcoin, and selling for foreign currencies was never a reason bitcoin should increase, since those transactions wash each other out in the end.
Yes, when they issued a ton of buys, it would send prices up.  And then they would later convert and undo those types of gains.  Real gains were derived from other reasons and sources.
@_date: 2017-02-27 16:16:52
Supply and demand, this is exactly how it works.  It's very simple.
If you're day-trading, then sell on the news.  If you're investing, then buying on the news can make a lot of sense because if you're holding for 5+ years, buying on news can be great.
"No body knows" is some fallacy bozos sold the public to make investing confusing when it's simple.  You price the object, compare it other things that exist, predict likely demand, and if what is likely occurs, then it happens as planned.
Yes, the backlogged transactions could kill the whole network and it fail entirely, it's just not likely.  So as an investor you kind of put that off to the side in the analysis since it's not a likely occurrence.
Risk / Reward with probabilities, it's all that's needed for the analysis.
@_date: 2017-02-14 16:43:28
I think 10k by early 2018 is slightly too aggressive.
I can personally envision 2k to 5k by year end 2017.
I believe the next supply &amp; demand induced price spike of bitcoin tops out at a max of 6k, but then it is going to have to consolidate again and pull back, and that consolidation can sometimes take a year or two.
That said, this technology is accelerating in usefulness and value, so it may be a run-away situation that just keeps going and going.
Once enough capital gets inside bitcoin, and the ETF opens it to stock investors, I expect just an upward trendline that goes on for years.
The problem is the supply.  Because supply gets so constrained, it over-extends itself, and then has to collapse.  That only stops once bitcoin becomes much larger... probably 100+ billion in market cap.
@_date: 2017-03-01 14:23:09
About half of the bitcoin community is shitposting about bitcoin core ect.
@_date: 2017-02-15 15:51:37
Good chart, I agree.  Cup and handle, it drops to 800-ish before the break-out.
@_date: 2017-03-28 19:00:31
Yeah but Charlie is wrong because 
... kinda punctures a hole in the stances of nodes that think they can mine blocks without miners.
Difficulties do not automatically reset if a minority fork splits from the main chain.  Transactions backlog and stop being processed, unless of course fees skyrocket leaving legitimate transactions stranded on a minority fork.
@_date: 2017-03-29 17:29:59
Yeah I think you might be right.  I just was looking at it based on the maths, a minority chain wouldn't be able to function without implementing an additional fork to the network because difficulties take time to reset.
Yes, nodes certainly have the option available to them, to declare a minority chain as bitcoin.  They have that ability.  But due to the mathematics of a minority chain forking without a software reset on difficulties, that minority chain would not be sending the exchange node any transactions under their declared "bitcoin" for some time.  This means the exchanges would be inoperable, if the network forks, and they are declaring bitcoin to be the minority chain.  Now if they just go ahead and fork and declare that bitcoin with node enforcement and difficulties are sufficiently reset for transactions to occur... I think that's viable for the nodes to do.  At that point, they're introducing an alt-coin and calling it bitcoin which is their right.  The forces of market buyers and sellers then decide whether the exchange was correct in doing so, pricing the coins accordingly.
@_date: 2017-01-31 22:23:06
Pretty sure this one is a false start.  It needs to touch the trend-line.  Even if it is trying to go parabolic, trend line first.
@_date: 2016-09-09 20:29:55
It's ok.
1- One issue is it uses the internet, so if the internet ceases then it's not a good store of value, gold or silver would be superior in that case, since exchange of coins can no longer occur if the internet ceases.
2- It's also heavily centralized in control and operation.   This has various problems, where as other altcoins already exist having solved this issue.
3 - It burns the environment, when there are plenty of altcoins not doing this and have superior security in the midst of not wasting resources... whether PoS or using the computer resources toward a goal like GridCoin or FoldingCoin.  Security is not a computation of encryption power, key point to realize.  Security is derived from an over-all system analysis of any and all weakpoints that face a system's infrastructure.  Best encryption + centralized mining = secure as the centralized mining operation...  A chain is only as strong as the weakest link.
4 - Product-life-cycle hazard.  Crypto-currencies are new.  The big video game console for my generation was the Atari.  Then Atari was a worthless company some 20 years later.  Why?  Failure to innovate.  Bitcoin is locked into a system which was the first conception and iteration.  In product-life-cycle rules, the first to market gains the most market share.  However, there comes a time when the market itself begins to adopt better technology, rather than simply the first-to-market player.  Search engines were a good example of this.  Late 90's?  Yahoo was the search engine.  Until Google came online.  Within the first two weeks Google began, I started using it instead, it was better.  The first-to-market player then, really just paves a road for adoption, so that the better technology can follow-up as the legitimate players.  In the crypto-space, there are already better technologies than bitcoin, but the issue is market adoption at present not technology.  This means that bitcoin itself is still great because the market is so new that it is not looking for better technology, the market itself is still discovering the 1.0 technology exists and what it can do.  Once that adoption ramps up significantly where bitcoin reaches PLC maturity or a system destabilizing event occurs to bitcoin, then alternatives are considered by the market. 
... You see, it doesn't take an Einstein to realize 8 minute transaction times when a credit card does it in under 10 seconds, is a good thing.  But people delude themselves into thinking it is a fine thing because the price of bitcoin goes up.  So they think, "Oh, it must not matter."  Yet, after several years of Google sitting in the background, gobbling up search choices with more efficient technology, it eventually did matter a great deal.
But I still own bitcoin, and think it will go up a great deal.  I expect to see it 10k per coin or more, before it matures... maybe higher?  Maybe ridiculously higher before it matures.  I just don't know what level that will be, but I am also owning altcoins as they come online as alternatives to one day surpass bitcoin technology.
Have some reddcoin!  :D
@_date: 2016-09-11 18:50:56
US Debit is not that big compared to the net derivative position in the banking market.
Top 5 banks have 181 trillion in derivative positions.  Globally, last I checked, it was something like 700 trillion total, 20% to 30% of this is perhaps "real" in that those positions are true gambles and not netted against other positions.
So when this system begins to break, as it had begun with Wells Fargo, the Federal Reserve secretly intervenes, and decides how it wants to secretly print or collapse the bank, ect.
In the case of Wells Fargo, they changed their reporting rules a bit as a temporary solution.
@_date: 2016-09-13 07:10:32
Let us start a fund to get this plastered as a national TV commercial... super bowl?  I could see it.
@_date: 2016-09-09 18:19:57
Was there any profit in selling Ebay?  Price seems to change so much.
Here is 50 reddcoin for your troubles!
@_date: 2016-09-09 20:10:24
2,300 is the top in the S&amp;P 500 that I was looking for.  Should get some more jolts up after this decline, and then it's a top formed.  Maybe one touches 2,300.   But why trade stocks???   Altcoins go up 200% in a day, no reason to trade stocks unless you are a whale.
@_date: 2016-10-26 18:59:57
Blocksize debate does not need to be debated anymore.  What will happen is an event, and that event will force bitcoin to change.  Should that event not happen, and bitcoin maintains functionality at present capabilities, then bitcoin slowly dies to other coins which surpass it in the distant future.  But before other coins gain more adoption, people have to be made aware there is such a thing as a cryptocurrency, and people actually use them.
@_date: 2016-10-27 15:29:42
You over-estimate the technology, and you underestimate the alternative technologies.  It's more like a bolt.
The day that the demand / supply begins picking winners and losers during a market created attrition of technologies, bitcoin would be sinking to rock bottom.  That said, this is irrelevant.  The new technology at this point is beyond what the market is ready to adopt, so the inferior technology of bitcoin is more accepted because if no one has figured out 1.0 tech, how would they know to use 2.0 tech?
@_date: 2016-10-26 19:08:44
And I say this, because the "blocksize debate" is like debating what types of bolts you use to have wheels on a model-T.  The answer is 15 years from now, you are no longer using a model-T.  Except technological improvements have happened faster than history, so we already have the technology which would have come out 15 years from now... it took like 5 years or less, just research all the altcoins that maintain consensus, and some have development procedures built into them to maintain their functionality, with things like voting tokens.  How many democracies hold together with everyone having an equal voice, and all participants having to agree?  No, they boil it down to a vote, and the minority's rights are trampled over, and they're dragged along with what they disagree with.  It's how a democracy functions.  Bitcoin just sits there in the debate phase, with no ability to drag the other half with it... forking is the only solution then.  But it's not a viable long-term solution to resolve the issue of advancing/improving technology, unless market forces follow the better forks, picking winners and losers, but bitcoin wont even hard fork.  Therefore, nothing happens.  