@_author: razippy
@_date: 2015-02-04 06:24:42
Law of gravity, is it also from nothing??????
just Law of gravity is already very complex.
earth orbit laws
biology Laws - plants photosynthesis
DNA Laws
chemistry laws - material laws
are you telling me all these just came from nothing?????
any one of theses are billion times more complex than bitcoin and you are telling me they came by accident and out of nothing????????????
then Bitcoin must be out of nothing as well, there is no creator.
@_date: 2015-02-04 03:54:57
whats your bright explanation?????
throw it at me.
because i already heard a lot of them. 
@_date: 2015-02-04 04:24:40
what don't i understand??????
your understanding is: big bang.
wow wow wow.
if that's possible, then clearly your chair, laptop, TV, anything you touch and see can also be created out of big bang.
No one Created Bitcoin, it also came from big bang, out of nothing, no one create it, no one programmed it, it just appeared. 
i see you also believe that, if you don't believe that, why don't you believe that??????
if people can apply common sense on something as simple as Bitcoin, how can you possible believe things as complex as the human DNA structure just appeared out of nothing????????? 
tell me why thats not possible.....
love to hear it.
@_date: 2015-02-04 09:51:27
Hmm 
bible didn't say that.
bible said, there is hades and paradise you can see each other.
No one is in heaven yet, when people die they either goto paradise or hades first, only after judgement day come then the non believer will be thrown into Hell with Satan and his followers.
what people misunderstand life and death.
God is life, Satan is death
when people die, does not matter believer or non believer they both will live forever, because soul will never die.
but what's the difference, non believer will follow Satan to Hell for eternal death and believer will follow God to eternal life In heaven.
This mean eternal life means to live with God forever, eternal death to die with Satan forever.
If you don't know what Hell feels like, warning, you don't want to go there, it's far worst what you can imagine that's bad, it's unimaginable torture.
This is God's warning, people can choose to accept or not, that's your choice.
So death means to be far away from God.
Life means to be far away from Satan. 
@_date: 2015-02-04 06:51:14
@_date: 2015-02-04 03:04:36
Not believing in God is a sign beyond stupidity. 
Where do you really think you came from??
big bang????
How can you possibly believe that???
You ask someone, where did you get this chair? He said, a big bang happened in my room and the chair just appear.
Do you believe that?????? 
If you can't even believe this simple example, how can you believe something as complex as the universe just came from big bang out of nothing?????
You are seriously got be joking.
@_date: 2015-02-04 05:02:34
"The Creator cannot be the same as the created"
Completely agree on that point. 
@_date: 2015-02-04 07:01:17
seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.
That's a promise, God is spirit, its not flesh and blood can have communication.
Must seek him in Spirit and truth, that's the only way.
Must need a medium of communication.
sound needs medium to travel.
God is the same, medium of communication, that is spirit.
seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.
that's all i can say, you want proof then seek for it.
@_date: 2015-02-04 06:14:39
Let me just say, live within your common sense.
Big bang and something out of nothing, is not common sense nor does it make any sense.
People who don't believe in God just believe in faith on science, but a lot of them is still theory with no real proof.
Science does not disagree with God, its Human that does not want to accept the existent of God.
there is a lot of things we cant prove, but one thing i know for sure.
There is God, i don't doubt on that, there must be a creator and nothing is a accident.
people who murder on earth gets punished by worlds Law.
God also have Laws, people who breaks them will not get away with it.