@_author: rberrtus
@_date: 2015-12-15 15:14:08
That's what I have been saying and saying and saying.  It creates payment hubs that will be intermediated by BANKS.  And bitcoin people that sell out to this deserve the nothing they will be left with.  These payment hubs can use any underlying asset class.  So this really has nothing to do with Bitcoin at all.  EXCEPT THAT (ALMOST) EVERYONE WORKING AT CORE WORKS AT BLOCKSTEAM THE COMPANY MAKING THE LIGHTNING NETWORK A GIGANTIC AND TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE CONFLICT OF INTEREST.  So they have an interest in shutting down the network, and that's what they are doing and almost zero people get at all what is going on.
@_date: 2015-12-25 04:57:28
How ironic the very forum you post this in is censored.  No the other side doesn't bother with worrying all the time about the personal aspects of the people they disagree with.  It might be bad faith, but the real disagreement is on substance.  Your post ignores substance and begins the idiotic process of considering motives and personal attributes, while your own are probably more questionable.
@_date: 2015-12-02 01:39:18
Yes, but don't let that confuse you.  I would rate Matonis as working for the wrong side, but that doesn't make him wrong in his statements about LN creating banking cartels that could blockade payments.  I see Mike Hearn as generally advancing the interests of bitcoin, though a few years back he did do something that could have been considered an attack on fungibility.  Best to decide all these things on the merits.  
@_date: 2015-12-29 08:51:36
Yes it would be rare, as the Core infestation continues it would be impossible to buy one.  That would be allowed only by banks that create the settlement layer.  Small guys would just own side chain tokens good for redemption of FED COINS.  
@_date: 2015-12-27 18:45:36
Sell by powers of 10.  You only need 10 coins and you can make it to a trillion before you sell out.  But be careful a trillion of cash will be totally worthless eventually make sure you get capital items.  
@_date: 2015-12-26 04:23:41
1.  Copy Bitcoin xt and x the forward increases to 8GB, and instead just do an 8mb can Kick.
2.  Decentralized Reddit where all mod actions are at least transparent.  
3.  Decentralized Google adds that makes ad micropayments. To surfers and to Web page owners.
@_date: 2015-12-25 05:22:52
Maybe you should be worried about it destroying the monetary applications.  Hubs will be invariably run by larger entities namely Banks.  They are trying to say they can do it without hubs but that appears unlikely and has not been solved yet.  In any case six of the very top coders work for blockstream, when in fact, those people should be nowhere near bitcoin code.  If they were it should be in a clearly recognized blockstream unit that would be considered an unlikely competing alternative.
@_date: 2015-12-16 14:36:21
Let's see it's a decentralized autonomous network and a board with no money and 5 people votes out 2 people.  Think about it!! You might as well say they decided to split from you! and that you are the foundation.  So just come up with a plan like you say you want and start raising money.  First step, it should be the Foundations position that anyone working at Blockstream should not work at Core.
@_date: 2015-12-06 17:43:01
Your a troll that wants to run a Blockstream Hub stop following me.  Banks are stuck with reversible transactions, that may or may not benefit them, but bitcoin has transactions that are final not reversed.  Banks don't like that because it reduces fees below the costs for banks to do business so they lose out.  So Todd is offering to hobble bitcoin so that transactions will have similar costs.  Todd likely cannot do it with Core code just yet, but he can try to force people onto LN where transactions can be made that require refunds and you will be forced to use those types of transactions.  
@_date: 2015-12-23 13:28:21
But ripple would allow any currency as settlement, and so would  LN.  So bitcoin becomes totally unnecessary.  Ripple requires IOUs and gateways read BANKs.  So LN puts your money in banks or what's called 'hubs', complete with cartels, and blockades.  What kind of solution is this?  And they plan to do it with what they call soft forks.  So you can't refuse your node just runs whatever they put in.  
@_date: 2015-12-07 14:06:36
Your a troll and you should feel bad.  I did not say Todd was employed by Blockstream.  I just told people to compare the lists.
@_date: 2015-12-01 15:33:06
Quick Answers:
1.  Why only central bankers can use LN?  Firstly not necessarily only central bankers.  Answer: Because it requires Hubs or pots of bitcoins on the block chain.  Think about it, if transactions with bitcoins have been successfully bottle-necked by unnecessary unreasonable restrictions on block size then you can't send by definition.  So your money has to be sitting in a HUB.  But bitcoin is no more relevant to that HUB than anything else!  Even if the hub is  based on bitcoin payments it is still a BANKER solution.  They can print and blockade funds.
2.  Why it could use another payment system like Visa?  Well the LN doesn't care they are a BANK they can use any currency.  They Should even use their own tokens instead!  And they might.
@_date: 2015-12-06 17:25:55
Look at the employee list at Blockstream team, Look at who wrote the Blockstream side chain white paper.  Then look at the Core coders list.  Consider the interests of Blockstream to hobble and force transactions off the bitcoin network and onto their future Lightning Network.  Then you will understand what is going on.  Consider Peter Todds classic Double Spend vector attack against bitcoin RBF, his bizarre statements about banks not liking irreversible transactions, Core actions to allow miners to just turn transactions off and Core refusal to increase block size along with key media outlets calling this negligence a 'debate'.
@_date: 2015-12-24 17:07:35
Not true, so many are so naive of how markets work which is why we end up in communism so easily.  Anyhow, traders will move the price to the best forward guess.  The only thing that will happen is those with naive views might buy at the wrong time. 
@_date: 2015-12-01 13:33:19
Lighting doesn't have anything to do with bitcoin.  They can collateralize it with any underlying payment.  Bitcoin is out of the loop Central Bankers and printing is in.  People are so unbelievably naive, but if you sell out to central banks you deserve what will happen, and it is clear this centralizes the network under banker hubs. 
@_date: 2015-12-01 15:43:47
Sorry almost sounds like your joking.  Whenever you have a HUB that holds coins it is centralized / regulated / by definition a Bank 
2) Yes, ANY token system
@_date: 2015-12-25 11:15:20
Core developers discover how to make soft forks for anything they need in order to implement Lighting Network.  There can be no resistance nor is consensus required.  There is no such thing as conflict of interest.  Merry Christmas.
@_date: 2015-12-01 08:08:42
Shame on you for what you have done over the years allowing trolls to attack people that make good arguments and then censoring the people who really represent the community and were really using good reasoning only.  Shame on you for allowing trolls to personalize things and divert topics.  Shame on you for forcing people to go to other subreddits while the trolls party here.
@_date: 2015-12-28 19:51:29
Beg to differ.  Hard forks are good and though possibly contentious not necessarily a threat at all.  Key is requiring a clear majority of blocks mined and then advance notice of the fork.  What is a Gigantic and Existential Threat to bitcoin is the soft forks of Core that require ZERO consensus.  RBF was one such soft fork.  No debate no consensus just put in by Core.  These soft forks allow a group of coders (supported mostly by one corporate entity with interests potentially at odds to the benefit of the network) to do mega harm.  I didn't say they are deliberately trying to harm the network, though I wouldn't rule that out as a tenable theory.  Our concern should be about the soft forks that are occurring with little  debate and totally without consensus.  But I don't see you asking for a truce on these issues.  And it's not really a truce saying go ahead and let Core deliberately and again without consensus insert the tentacle of the LN directly into the Core code which is in fact what they are doing and that does include the block size limit, in fact that's what this is really about a deliberate plan supported by propaganda and lies to restrict the block size so as to force transactions off the network.  And we are supposed to make a truce on your terms of allowing that to continue?  Do you have a plan to force Core to put in a can kick blocksize increase?  Why don't you say something like: "the conflict of interest of Core coders getting 2/3 of their funding from Blockstream is totally unacceptable and those coders should recuse themselves voluntarily from working on this project, or if they do work on it then that should be at Blockstream and they can submit their code for review to other coders who have no such conflict of interest."
@_date: 2015-12-01 11:02:15
Yes, don't ban people who have substantive things to say and who do so respectfully.  Then do ban people who make personal attacks and who divert issues.  Then the question of or desire to view banned posts would be far less relevant.  (so I think I am on topic)  Don't define XT as an alt coin when it means bitcoin will be bottle-necked with small blocks.  Do allow the important people who have had their posts banned here to come back and post those topics about block size etc.  Do change your mod team.  Here is good advice: get some mods who believe in things like reasonably sized blocks.  Who oppose things like RBF, who realize CORE should be called Blockstream Core.  Then maybe eventually the community would begin to trust you somewhat again.  When you say you ban trolls I wonder was it some who have argued on topic substantively for things like block size increases, against RBF, against Blockstream Core?
@_date: 2015-12-27 18:00:06
Are you joking?  This is not just about your relationship with Coinbase, you preposterous thug fools, it's about your total North Korean censorship practices.  Not to mention your also corruptly wrong on the issues anyway.
@_date: 2015-12-31 11:46:38
This is My Wallet transaction volume.  It's not showing anywhere else.
@_date: 2015-12-28 06:34:16
See this:
In some cases the LN requires MORE bitcoin transactions, 
it also arguably requires hubs that will be run by large financial institutions.  Core coders have a classic conflict of interest because most of their funding comes from blockstream, and they appear to be acting on this conflict of interest.  
LN is analogous to a vine overlaid on bitcoin what we can think of as a tree.  Things like RBF are like roots which allow the vine to connect into the core of the tree.  We see LN is a parasitical infestation.  Sorry to spoil your illusions of riches that all those banker controlled hubs were going to bring.  LN can use any asset class as the initial input (read it can infest more than one tree, just as vines often do spreading across one tree top to another.
@_date: 2015-12-01 17:23:50
Not really, that's how you start banks.  I am not the only one that has noticed this.  Jon Matonis and others have also come to this conclusion.  I can't find the best link but here is an informative article by Mike Hearn admittedly he does not mention banks, but he explains how it will require bigger corporations which are centralized: 
@_date: 2015-12-07 16:35:52
The only problem with bip101 is that miners, possibly for good reason, don't like being locked into future rather extravagant block sizes of 8GB.  All this is unnecessary and needs to be taken out of bip101, but sadly I think the momentum there is to resist change.  It is sad because the automatic increases are not needed or possibly anticipated correctly at this point.  In fact there may be other solutions.  On another note someone made a comment about hating Blockstream Core coders whom many of them work for Blockstream which has an interest in bottlenecking the network so transactions can be moved off.  I don't like bad people who act on conflicts of interest, but I don't bother with making assumptions.  My view would simply be that they should be no where near the code or the debate.  They have a irreconcilable conflict of interest, and we all know how careful they are about doing things like increasing block size so where is the care?
@_date: 2015-12-10 15:25:28
Maybe this the most censored and manipulated subreddit should be hidden, and why does blockchain and zeroblock go here for their news items from Reddit when there are so many better bitcoin subreddits?
@_date: 2015-12-26 04:40:28
Litecoin is what takes over as bitcoin gets strangled by Core.  They have no such totally illogical block restrictions and Bitcoin Foundation Bobby Lee has Brother Charlie Lee who is the creator of Litecoin.
@_date: 2015-01-11 01:06:00
Thanks for diverting the issue with a personal attack.  And I should probably ignore the comment, but I must ask why some people try to make personal attacks against those that have been vindicated by events.  Namely, nearly all 'conspiracy theories' that made any sense at all have been proven true.  Even if only some had been there would be no logic in attacking personally on this basis.  Really, even if none had been.
@_date: 2015-01-11 04:50:59
No, I didn't make any assessment of likelihood.  I was pointing out some relevant things I had observed.  You DID make a personal attack.  I have yet to.
@_date: 2015-01-10 23:18:46
Additionally, it means the exchange itself is directly under the control of untrusted third parties.  
@_date: 2015-01-07 21:20:50
What about the loss to the overall Bitcoin community?  Aside from the useful lesson about not leaving your coins online this serves only the purpose of punishing the entire Bitcoin ecosystem.  And what about charges they sold by advance of this news.  I follow the charts and price went UP after the news was finally out and DOWN before the news came out.
@_date: 2015-01-10 22:52:04
It was surprising to see Amazon involved.  They are known data miners, connected to the NSA, and even a version of Linux is not secure because it connects to Amazon.  I didn't go out of my way to research it but had heard or read these things.  The loss of $5 million and the sudden ability to recover does give the idea of, shall we say, control which is how the higher levels of the corporate syndicate operates.  Anyways expect all the data to be accumulated, AI sorted, searched, and recorded redundantly forever.
@_date: 2015-01-11 15:48:00
Andreas can't tell people how to vote, but a moderator can tip a buttcoin troll $10.00 and Reddit can censor Glen Greenwalds highly informative newsworthy information containing article six times?
@_date: 2015-01-10 23:07:06
The exchange is now under the control of (untrusted) third parties.  That's definitely a negative and the opposite of how Bitcoin systems should operate.
@_date: 2015-01-06 20:32:49
Keep in mind the US has a 5 billion dollar propaganda budget.  Creating and or controlling organizations like this is what they do.  So although this organization may prove useful we have to at least be aware of its possible misuse by financial powers.  Read carefully when they talk about the 'pragmatic' need for regulations.
@_date: 2015-01-11 05:30:20
After commenting already about Amazon, I dare to also mention that the CIA also uses them for cloud storage.  It is indeed a disturbing nexus, although not necessarily drawing a conclusion, but it is a relevant fact to this discussion.  Of course as so many point out you should not expect privacy anyway, but privacy may be but one issue here.  Other issues involve the security and integrity of the exchange.  Remember the main idea behind the block chain is decentralization.
@_date: 2015-01-30 12:51:25
I just looked up today how the US funded, built and trained terrorist organizations around the planet including: the Taliban, Al Qaeda, and ISIS.  In fact we even paid for textbooks for schools in Afghanistan that promoted radical Islam and violence.  We currently fund supposed 'moderate rebels' read: friends of ISIS with $500 million a year.  Those in power KNOW FOR A FACT that this money has been going to ISIS.
@_date: 2015-01-06 21:52:07
Can I ask: (if not let me know) What is to stop a central attack of endless spam small transactions?  Wouldn't that bloat the network?  And how could the transactions be detected as spam if they were random in size.  Seems an easy way to bring the network down.  Sorry for the negative, but wondering.
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:29:38
FEDCoin ponzee scheme backed up by the US military and state propaganda.  The FED is controlled by Luciferian reptiles (yeah I know their not really actually reptiles, although it probably makes them uncomfortable thinking of themselves as warm blooded) and if they win humanity may evolve into some form of bizarre distopic distorted creature.  
People here seem to get some ideas, but in general r/bitcoiners are totally naive as to what they are up against.  At 3.5 Billion market cap Bitcoin is nothing for them.  They can control the price, destroy the network, infiltrate the foundation, mining companies, dominate the blogosphere.  They can make a terrorist attack involving bitcoin happen at any time.  It's all up to what they decide.  This is actually a battle for the soul of humanity.  We can only win if we deserve to.
@_date: 2016-01-02 15:13:36
Sorry I get a bit wound up sometimes.  Anyway, the problem would be you would have nodes collecting taxes based on ownership of 'shares' which would be somewhat centralizing.  You would be one small step from also printing new coins which just gets back to the system we are getting away from.  We talk a lot about what is  going to support nodes.  I think it really won't take that much maybe less than a penny a transaction, especially as we move forward and find new ways to make blocks smaller, and as storage increases.  We also  have pruning which reduces the size of blocks.  So it's much easier to just put in a tiny fee.  Yes, people will try to centralize bitcoin, that's sort of what Core is doing with LN they want to put big companies in charge of wallets and payment hubs.  We always have to resist the centralizing factors or lose  what bitcoin is about.
@_date: 2015-01-09 11:16:14
Best comment I saw was: Enable Withdrawals.
@_date: 2015-01-11 02:13:05
No, I won't go into a list of theories that are now either fact or highly likely.  That would be a bit of a diversion from this forums purpose.  I can suggest looking up info for yourself.  There is an abundance, the NSA revelations confirmed what had been claimed to be whacked out tin foil conspiracy theories, but that would be just a small beginning.  I can also suggest that as soon as people attack personally with name calling there is a bit of inductive evidence that they represent falsity.
@_date: 2015-01-30 14:44:29
If volatility of price follows some nonlinear function where small fluctuations are exponentially more likely than big ones then it may well be a fair bet, even not a good one.  Better specify which exchange.
@_date: 2015-01-18 14:39:09
Why are Obama's private communications encrypted?  Answer: Because he really is a terrorist.  Ah, I jest?  No, look at the budget $500 million goes to 'moderate rebels' But nearly all of that money has ended up in the hands of ISIS and the Admin knows that, but they keep sending more.  Ask yourself: Why is that?  Why is ISIS so rich?  Because we and our friends and allies have been funding them, but at HOME terrorism is used to take your rights because they know: YOU WILL SACRIFICE FREEDOM FOR SECURITY EVERY TIME.  This game can be understood by IQ 93.  Hence Fluoride in the water :)  Yes, get rid of that evil encryption that will end terrorism.  Encryption is unpatriotic, and when he says not following orders to march into the pit and get shot is unpatriotic will you follow?
@_date: 2016-01-02 03:30:37
Even if Core couldn't do it now without a hard fork they would need one eventually.  When they make the next hard fork they will change the code so they can do more than ever with soft forks including make more coins if they wanted to yet.  FYI soft forks are passive aggressive and require no consensus except that of whoever has commit permissions at Core.  Soft forks are dangerous because they can change a lot about bitcoin and you have to run it if you have a node.  Hard forks if done by requiring 80 percent or more adoption first obviously require consensus they are safer and less likely to fundamentally alter bitcoin.  And FYI in case you didn't  know Core is run by people who love soft forks.    
@_date: 2016-01-06 23:45:17
What's retarded, high school like is starting to call names.  Really it is nearly degenerate.  Very very few people understand the code or can read it.  I might if I worked fairly hard be able to which would be WAY better than average so you have no basis to insult me except that you are likely a troll or have negative personality aspects.  I never said I understood CT.  It is something I had not seen yet.  And there is absolutely nothing wrong with being concerned about what Core may have done next.  Even if it was not Core we should be very careful about things that change the nature of transactions.
@_date: 2016-01-09 06:37:18
Please see Metcalfe's law.  It applies with near exactitude to the price of bitcoin and even the value of telecommunication networks.  **Bitcoin price moves in relation to the square of transactions.**  Sadly this sort of false propaganda is foisted on the new readers here.  If we have a capped network, like we do now, price will gradually exponentiate to ZERO.
@_date: 2016-01-09 08:17:12


If you really believe that why do you censor all but one centralized coding group that receives most of its money from one centralized company?  Why do you work to further this problem of centralization by censoring anyone who offers or supports alternatives?   Even important people who have earned the respect of the community and come to share only ideas and arguments are censored by you.  Why should one central authority decide who can speak?  Are you aware even politely offered arguments and ideas are censored here?  Shouldn't there be many implementations of the client and a diversity of coders working on it.  Why do you apply and use the term 'decentralized' while in reality you are doing more than imaginable to favor a centralized development team.  How can the client be produced by a central group and bitcoin remain decentralized?
@_date: 2016-01-06 19:47:27
Why are you making personal attacks?  Actually, my logic is almost surely better than yours but I would never attack personally (first) and rudely like you did not even if I were an imbecile like you and could not make arguments.  
@_date: 2016-01-05 20:07:07
Oh but there is *Some Other* reason bitcoin won't scale (*eventually anyway*) So just because one obvious problem is totally solved, Let's not give thanks to that lets just say: Bitcoin won't scale *eventually* so don't scale it at all now.  Never mind that all these problems can be solved eventually and maybe even just as fast as the network grows.  But we have another solution that we use censorship and propaganda and MONEY to control.  We offer you the LN which will also accept FedCoin as the initial deposit oh sorry wasn't supposed to say that yet not until bitcoin is irrelevant.
@_date: 2016-01-05 23:26:56
Because you could fund LN with Gold, Fedcoin, LiteCoin, and basically **Any** Asset Class.  So LN becomes another payment scheme, like say for example Ripple of which there are many disturbing similarities such as centralized companies that plan to make money off the said network.  So Is LN any different than any other alt coin in respect to it being a **replacement** of bitcoin?  LN is sold as a supplement that will enrich bitcoin holders but that is a total lie.  Just like the total lie that bitcoin cannot be scaled.  The bitcoin holders that support a centralized paradigm in order to get perceived riches will get only their coins replaced by another system.
@_date: 2016-01-02 13:12:26
Transactions are what power mining fees (after the block rewards get smaller)  If you start taxing ownership of coins you would destroy the distributed aspect of the system, create the same degenerate incentive structure that currently plagues our modern governing systems, and anyway luckily people would then move to another coin.
@_date: 2016-01-05 20:57:42
Even Jon Matonis says this could happen.  It has been widely speculated.  No one even knows how LN is going to work yet.  That's part of the problem.  If a big company stands to gain (Blockstream) then we can assume that LN will have centralized aspects. FUD strange to see how that term is co-opted by the side that first started using it.  
@_date: 2016-01-04 05:19:13




What could be more genuine and legitimate criticism of LN than what you just said?  All because bitcoin can't scale (which is a total lie) You are willing to put up with this?  Just use Ripple or Paypal, and maybe someone who believes in DECENTRALIZED networks can use bitcoin.  
@_date: 2015-01-10 08:27:46
Fact the businesses that would sell Bitcoin now were not holding it BEFORE.  So your entire argument is a fallacy.  Its like saying building empty reservoirs causes a drought.   The only issue is do those who buy with Bitcoin replenish them.  If they do then the effect you claim is not a fact.
@_date: 2016-01-06 19:05:30


discovered all unconfidential bitcoins remain safe.
Sounds more like an attack on bitcoin especially if it is coming from Core.  Always going to be at least many trolls that like something.  Problem is you have to be fairly technical to understand this and who has the time to become a coder just to keep checking on what these people are up to.
@_date: 2016-01-06 19:43:48
No one said that!!  I am asking.  And yes if it comes from Core we should be very skeptical at least!  And don't be rude saying I cannot understand ... This is Code not everyone reads the Code with full understanding.  
@_date: 2016-01-05 19:39:22
Does using alt coins scale bitcoin?  Why do you think LN is any different?  Do you think the central LN hubs that can lock your funds will accept other forms of payment?  Might they accept dollars as input?  Gold as input?  FedCoins as initial inputs?  Is it a logical argument to say at some weight steel won't build a bigger bridge so don't build one to capacity now?  Is bitcoin in competition with other currencies to be the currency that is used?  Where do the Core coders get their money?  Does money affect human behavior?  Are conflicts of interest generally accepted in other fields? Disciplines?  What is the reason we do not accept conflicts of interest?  Can they be dangerous?  Lead to problems?  What should someone do if they find they have a conflict of interest?  What if someone represents you and you find out they have a conflict of interest?  What should you do?  
@_date: 2016-01-03 14:07:33
Once all the coins are mined and the block rewards finish very small transaction fees can be used to support nodes.  One of the key ideas about bitcoin that you may be missing is that it is decentralized.  If you like central governments that promise to do things for people you may have trouble recognizing the value of these decentralized systems.  So anyway no there can be no central node, and forced taxes on ownership of coins is a terrible idea.  Luckily it is unlikely to ever happen or if it did people would just use some other coin.
@_date: 2016-01-09 11:27:26
I am quite well aware of the fact that there are other implementations.  I was really making an argument about decentralization and how the existence of a single monopolistic implementation goes against that principle.  We think of miners but rarely do we consider other important centralizing factors such as Core.  So my whole point was really about using other implementations.  Certainly I do not deny they exist.  I am arguing that it is a really bad idea that one implementation Core is run on 90% of the nodes.  It's a fair argument not a rant, but make up your own mind.
@_date: 2016-01-06 02:27:50
It would be compatible with any block chain there can be no doubt of that.  There is nothing special about the bitcoin say versus the Litecoin block chain that makes LN incompatible with Litecoin.  That could be deliberately built in, but rather they would likely allow it to work with any block chain.  Furthermore bankers are working on dollar block chains, and assets can be put into block chains.  The most likely ultimate scenario would be linking LN to a dollar block chain rendering bitcoin obsolete unnecessary and useless as transactions if it were used by any significant percent of people would cost too much due to their block size bottleneck.  
@_date: 2016-01-07 06:19:09
I have not yet formed an opinion on these CT transactions and what it means.  First evidence points to the possibility that this could be a good thing.  That said it is important to NOT just assume things coming from Core are good.  Things that change the nature of bitcoin transactions should be looked at very carefully.  The problem is most of us are not coders or even if we can code we may not understand this area of coding.  A bit of skepticism about what Core is up to is a totally healthy thing even if that group was not compromised by a conflict of interest (which it is) because most of their money comes from Blockstream a private company that has a financial interest in LN.  I am just explaining a bit the reason for my initial skepticism.  
@_date: 2015-04-12 15:54:35
That's right.  It was better to report it here first.  Google runs ads that are already known scams (quite often)  
@_date: 2015-04-10 21:34:54
For calling him out on his total hypocrisy?  Your the ones on the 'witch-hunt' if you want to call it that.  I never attack personally look how easily you did and how you appear to be working in a team.  Even your nick says what your up to.
@_date: 2015-04-08 05:48:06
Trolls are easy to spot.  Now maybe mods would mess up,  but the criterion should not be that they agree with the Bitcoin community if there is some one view.  But that they are not deliberately circlejerking, trying to cause cognitive distress, trying to instigate disruptions, or making personal attacks.   People who don't do those things should be free to have any view.  But this is worse than you think: (At least some of) The mods are also trolls.  The problem here is not so easily fixed.  Maybe we need to find the non troll mods maybe the original ones and ask: How did the troll ones get in?  Is it impossible to remove them?
@_date: 2015-04-09 20:15:59
let me add:  I found a quote at brainy qoutes:
"By a continuing process of inflation, government can confiscate, secretly and unobserved, an important part of the wealth of their citizens.  John Maynard Keynes" unbelievable what a criminal.   How does the media worship people like this? 
Next, a third reason it fails:  It's like taking a bucket, putting it in a lake, filling it with water, walking to the other side, msnbc watching with cameras, and pouring it back in saying your raising the water level.  (You see you have to take money out of the economy to put it back in)  Plus most of the money is wasted, the most inefficient people on the planet use it to enrich themselves, and the percent that goes back in the lake is less than they took out.
@_date: 2015-04-15 22:11:55
Libertasia made Bitcoin their official currency for about a year already.  They are also trying to figure out how to be a DAC decentralized autonomous corporation.
@_date: 2015-04-01 10:37:20
Looking at price, my sell advice was right on, and I think supports the view that they moved away from core values and banned anyone who cared to express an opinion.
@_date: 2015-04-02 13:37:56
The problem is they now have yet another reason to act without due process, that means they can do anything immediately and if they were wrong oh well now it was legal, and we already know they engage in blatant illegalities anyway without consequence or fear.  Additionally I think it was not limited to the above, and they have a way of construing things in amazing fashions. 
@_date: 2015-04-08 07:51:37
Your asking a lot that I start presenting the evidence against some mods :)  A lot of it is out there already, not sure I want to spend today on that task.  You can say don't make the accusation then.  But I will just say I am expressing the view, which some others have expressed.  "Holy shit this place is infested /controlled by trolls" something like that.  It's going to take a community effort.  Difficult to do maybe impossible.
@_date: 2015-04-09 18:34:39
I don't believe that's even what he had in mind.  He knew what he was up to.  I saw some quote recently indicating that.  But let's just assume your idea of mitigating boom/bust.  Even that theory is rubbish.  No offense I know your just quoting the theory.  All ecosystems need boom and bust and gentle up and down cycles.  It is economically necessary.  Every natural system has cycles and they serve a purpose.  Women have cycles.  Seasons, Ice Ages, All natural systems.  Only moronic keynesian's can't see that.  It was never a legit theory only economists believed it and the media used it.  
@_date: 2015-04-06 10:42:41
There may have been a way to word his post more appropriately, but if some of what he said is true it is pretty significant and needs to be put out there.  I think we need to rethink the role of the foundation and just  wrote a long comment here: 
@_date: 2015-04-09 19:19:37
Maybe, but venture capital investment just set a record first quarter 2015.   Businesses are still laying the infrastructure.  We are also setting records in monthly transaction rates.
What will drive Bitcoin adoption is discounts.  People want a discount card, they want to pay 1% less, they are coupon clippers.  Anyways if we get consumer discounts for bitcoin purchases that will drive adoption.
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:04:52
Best to get the truth out before something worse happens.  I pointed out Jeff's fallacies (mostly ad hominem reasoning)  in another post and got nothing but downvotes, though pretty sure I analyzed it correctly.  Maybe I shouldn't complain about that as it is typical sometimes the best posts are down voted more.  But maybe some don't want to deal with the real issues.  And reflecting on it if we don't want a centralized foundation the LEAST we would require is that they be transparent.  Lack of transparency would be the first mega concern we should have and that is what Oliver was concerned about, along with centralization of development solely controlled by the foundation.
@_date: 2015-04-11 12:35:39
Sure, yes, of course, I agree, but one thing this has to do with regulations, and they can and will try to do the same to bitcoin.  Look at the horror stories coming out of coinbase its' harder to fund than paypal.  Yes, I know that's different than bitcoin.  So anyways,  I agree an unregulated bitcoin is better than paypal.
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:22:35
If you start taking them out they will disappear.  My opinion is it won't take several mods that long.  There is probably less than 50 really serious trolls and most of them are not going to make their accounts over every day.  If they do ban them again.  Look online there are lots of good resources about the techniques they use such as personal attack, or the straw man fallacy.  They also attack personally the bitcoin community.
@_date: 2015-04-07 11:25:42
No one said that, you changed the topic, threw out spurious issues, devolved the conversation, perfect troll.
@_date: 2015-04-20 22:42:27
You would contribute to Hillary?  (just asking for clarification)
@_date: 2015-04-06 10:33:45
I read Gavin's post, and it looks like it may not have gone as well as expected.  I think the problem with the foundation is that no one has a clear structured vision of how things should be organized.  
We can immediately throw out the centralized model as that is total failure.    In the case of decentralized models, even totally decentralized models, we have to figure out how to do that which is not easy.  Most likely some form of nodal federation is going to be necessary.  The political organization should reflect the nature of the network.    
Clearly the Foundation should not control the coders or the standards.  That needs to be written into any foundation that expects to receive funding.  What the foundation should do is represent the community.  If the community is split then the foundation should represent that the community is split.  There should be clear limitations placed on what the foundation can and cannot do.  What the foundation cannot do should be the task of other organizations such as an independent standards committee or an independent group of developers.  
Let's just say we have a tripartate distribution of powers.  Each branch should itself be a nodal federation where no central node has any more power than simply representing the community.  So in each case we have a distributed network of responsibilities that is similar in structure to the bitcoin network itself.
This respects the nature of the network, prevents the emergence of central control points that are MEGA network vulnerabilities, and leaves power in the hands of a distributed network, while at the same time vesting power to act in the hands of central nodes that have the power to act, but only to the extent that they represent the community.  If any central node ever took an action that did not represent the larger community then they would lose funding and simply not be followed, possibly what might happen to the current Bitcoin foundation.  But we would be lucky if some more sinister group did not step in and fund them which is why their powers need to be limited in the first place.  
All this is admittedly generalities but it is these that need to be debated until the specifics are generated.   Clearly the current structure is inadequate.             
@_date: 2015-04-07 09:28:40
It's not censorship you not invited in the first place.  Trolling too is a form of censorship, it disrupts.
@_date: 2015-04-18 21:59:26
Congrats, IMO you now have a proportionate obligation to: support promotion, core development, standards, and media outlets that are not banker or govt funded and advance the interests of the bitcoin community.  We all need to work together.  
@_date: 2015-04-19 00:35:51
Most of the world uses some form of credits to buy phone minutes.  A slight discount for bitcoin users would create a massive incentive towards global adoption.  Especially when you consider the income in some countries is very low.  So paying some small fraction of their phone bills if they used bitcoins would cause them all to adopt overnight with the right app.  Just brainstorming :)  and sorry i didn't mean to be saying you must do this or that just a suggestion.  Your free do do as you please!
@_date: 2015-04-09 17:44:27
The USD is guaranteed to always go to zero.  The half life of USD value must be around 20-30 years.  Volatility is not bad compared to absolute 100% guaranteed depreciation to zero.  But, as everyone remarks bitcoin is still just starting out.  It is amazing how the msm can't appreciate that fact.  Someone should check and see if they say the same about small cap companies as if they are to have intrinsic and forever volatile valuations.  xyz small cap has an intrinsic problem it's valuation is volatile.  We don't want xyz small cap getting bigger its valuation is volatile.   xyz small cap keeps increasing in value owning shares is deflationary... 
@_date: 2015-04-08 14:28:03
Actually, in my view, this was good news.  They really (appear) to be doing exactly what is needed to gain back trust.  They are going to separate into three corporations: the first focused on the community and promotion, the second core development and finally standards.  This should do a lot to reduce concerns, and it should help to prevent an over centralized organisation.  We need these organisations and constant vigilance is required to make sure the represent the community.   
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:50:40
I am new to this measure, but a quick reading indicates that this thread is a total misrepresentation of the facts.  Firstly, the notice states: 
"I therefore determine that for these measures to be effective in addressing the national emergency declared in this order, there need be no prior notice of a listing or determination made pursuant to section 1 of this order."
That means there is no such list it is created instantly along with the confiscation of funds if I am reading correctly.  Next, the list is potentially general enough to include anyone.  For example simply having:
"private financial gain"
is enough to get you on this list.  
Again this whole topic is new for me, and I just downloaded the pdf:
So when  paleh0rse  says:
"For starters, it's NOT a secret list; and, as of today, Snowden is NOT on it."
That's just how trolls lie, because yes it  really isn't a secret list it's just the next person whose assets they seize.  It is a list created on the fly at their whim with zero due process.  We need to smarten up, but half those agreeing are trolls too.
@_date: 2015-04-10 10:18:05
I think established interests are concerned about the disruptive effects of bitcoin.  But they want to use the technology for their own purposes.  Hence IBM is investing 3 billion in doing this.  Most likely they will centralize it, print it, and do whatever it takes to make it the system people use.  Their system will have similar disadvantages to the old one, but that does not mean it won't succeed.  Money is very important to the established classes.  Us bitcoiners generally have zero clue what we are up against.  We are naive, idealistic and generally clueless about what they will do to subvert this technology.  The topic here is about how they use words to confound most people, and successfully so.
@_date: 2015-04-09 19:40:25
You misread.  I said I don't believe that's what he had in mind.  He knew what he was up to.  Yes, you quoted the theory correctly.  I was not debating that.  Your missing the first point which is he knew what he was doing and it had little to do with his farcical theory.  I mentioned I had read some quote recently where he admitted it. 
Next you go the long way around to say the theory would be good but doesn't work in practice.  Well we disagree half way.  I think it wouldn't be good and it doesn't work in practice.  
And just to recap we have two reasons it doesn't work:
1.  It opposes natural cycles which are necessary.
2.  It leads to infinite printing which leads to serfdom.
@_date: 2015-04-05 05:19:44
Actually that was a great post and captures a lot of truths.  But I cannot help but imagine that the decentralizing aspects of Bitcoin are something that the evil reptilian monsters did not count on.  God put forces of good at certain points to mess up the Satanistic Cult that rules humanity.  The decentralizing aspects of Bitcoin are one of those.  They picked up on the one word digitial currency as their weapon for our destruction, but they did not realize they had the weapon of the opposition in their hands.  Now the battle is laid out: who will control this weapon.
@_date: 2015-04-04 15:05:20
Okay, got it Jeff Garzik made the poor arguments.  Let me edit it.
@_date: 2015-04-08 05:36:39
Probably some manipulation.
Let me ask:  Is it not true all coinbase accounts verify identity?  Would all these apps have to connect to such accounts?  If the answers are both yes, your not doing much for the network.  Put it another way: the app that doesn't connect to coinbase should win.
@_date: 2015-04-10 12:11:03
let's see what they do.  I think it may evolve to a simple system of global trading in any asset and the assets can be converted to local currency instantly.  I am not sure there is ever a need for a non asset backed currency in this ultimate system.  Imagine a global trading platform.  Converting to local currency is same as selling and buying say Euro.  Then making a purchase is same as withdrawing from your account.  They just don't want to allow this or they could already do it, but bitcoin may force them.  On the other hand if they refuse to do this bitcoin wins.
@_date: 2015-04-16 14:59:25


Fallacy begging the question.  Of course we agree on what current governments do.  I am aware they assign citizenship / don't allow non citizens within their territories except under circumstances they define.  I am trying to tell you about a new paradigm.  And your wrong there are countries (you surely won't recognize them that do not force citizenship)  Part of this involves changing your idea of what a country is from some tyrannical regime that says you must be a citizen to reside within a given territory to ones where citizenship is voluntary.  I told you it is a paradigm shift.  You cant say citizenship is involuntary **because that's how it works** at least not when someone is saying consider this other way.  To not make the fallacy you have to justify the way it currently works versus the new paradigm.  
"Most micronations can't even get up enough cash"
No one ever said any are successful yet.  
"This is why Civil wars start."
Now your blaming civil wars on micronations but that's not a correct view.  By definition of what I said above they, depending on which one, may not force anyone to be a citizen.  Anyway  really you make a big mistake here as wars are the paradigm of the sort of countries you support: Political operations that fight over territories.  Look at history.
"Give me some bitcoins as well!"
Now your just getting ad-hominem
This is all a conceptual thing it takes some time to understand it.  
@_date: 2015-04-06 04:08:39
A federation of foundations, where if any centralized foundation exists it's powers are strictly limited.  Then multiple standards organizations who operate independently of the foundations, along with developers who again operate independently.  A separation and limitation of powers model.  A community where each organization carries out it's tasks.  If any particular component gets hijacked it need be no more than a single node entity that can be replaced.  Also the centralized foundation if it exists should have no powers over the local foundations, especially funding.
@_date: 2015-04-07 05:34:39
Troll controlled, and they have been controlling what is 'hot' what is seen what is not.  They are the mods.  Time to start a private forum, there is no other choice, but they have that rigged also as by my understanding only members could read it.  This whole place is a platform of social manipulation and control.  Ah now the ad hominem attack 'conspiracy theorist'.  We have to be careful about the central 'control points' we create the foundation is the same.  
@_date: 2015-04-16 15:45:20
Yeah I think your right, but could depend:  If they say backdoors must go into encryption algorithms or it is illegal to use them then SHA256 assuming it has no backdoor would be illegal.  Don't underestimate what they may try.  But some of these things are ubiquitous enough I really doubt they try to eliminate SHA256.  But on that topic they could have a backdoor in plain view already.  (When the nsa created SHA56 they may have had the inverse function  You cannot prove there is no inverse function)  well just guessing not a cryptography expert here.
@_date: 2015-04-04 12:19:25
Google has an already long history of putting scams that attempt to steal Bitcoins in the first spot.  In fact a good lawyer could for sure get them on that for the VERY LEAST negligence.  They have some other criterion other than ethics in the way they do business, that is this sort of stuff seems to be selective.
@_date: 2015-04-08 09:27:50
No comments, let me start by saying I think this if true is a step in the right direction.  A distribution and separation of powers is very important.  Promotion, education and community development are very appropriate foundation tasks.  Core development should be left to another group, and standards yet another separate entity.  Even at that we may not want to look at a single foundation model.  Perhaps a distributed 'nodal' federation of foundations would be best.
@_date: 2015-04-08 08:12:21
It's not a fallacy I didn't claim to prove it to you.  I stated my view, and told you to research it.  Which by the way is totally valid.  You are trying to drag me into some war where I start presenting the evidence against the mods.  I would have to look up quotes put them here and so on.  I told you I don't want to do that.
@_date: 2015-04-05 14:39:44
Thanks, my first tip!  Separation of Powers, Limitation of Powers.
@_date: 2015-04-10 11:20:55
I hope so but they are betting 3 billion your wrong.  They can premine it and they don't need to mine anyway just clear transactions, same as bitcoin after it gets to 21 million.  I think that wouldn't require more than a few in house servers.  They can charge a minimal transaction fee to offset costs.  The blockchain does not have to be non centralized, nor is mining necessary or bitcoin won't work either when it gets to 21 million.  It can run on 100 nodes say all located  in house.  That said I am hoping that their systems will run amuk and miss some benefits of bitcoin.  I think this could go either way.  Edit I add: They may be looking at tokens backed by Fiat.  Transactions will always appear in the national currency.  JP Morgan also saying they are interested int the 'technology'.  The sharks are circling.
@_date: 2015-04-13 11:12:52
I somewhat disagree, I think trolls can and do stop the level of discourse.  The force the idea to -break away- in that they may serve a purpose.
@_date: 2015-04-08 16:57:52
It's getting bad really really bad when it takes the ceo of Coinbase to tell us something is wrong here.  This is a scientific platform of social control that has spun totally out of control.
@_date: 2015-04-09 16:37:51
The foundation seems to be making this worse while accusing Oliver of being inappropriate.  Reading closely they seem to be making a few distortions.  If Oliver is the loose cannon why are they the ones acting so hysterical?  Look let's just get down to business.  Yesterdays news of making a second corporation for core development was good.  Let's just stick to making progress.
@_date: 2015-04-09 19:30:35
I can say it looked really positive when the foundation announced separate corporations for promotion, core development, and standards.  That was enough for me to not worry about the details of the politics.  I think there is serious work to be done and want to see that happen. 
I don't know the details but he can position himself as he wants he still has to follow process to get the position.  I think he was more interested in core development anyway.
Engaging in a flame war makes either side look bad.  Whoever can act the most mature and show they are working on something is going to look better.
@_date: 2015-04-07 09:54:45
Not when it is done as a form of disruption.  When people disrupt they try to stop free speech from occurring.  They make emotional attacks, try to get the community fighting, and generally derail the issues.  Their actions can prevent free speech from occurring and quite successfully I might add.  There is nothing about a private conversation where trolls are not invited that violates free speech.  In fact if the trolls did not make such personal attacks or use such degenerate disingenuous methods I personally wouldn't mind them.  But even then there is a place for people with like views to talk together without such bother and that has zero to do with censorship.
@_date: 2015-04-11 10:46:41
Here's the deal.  Bitcoin is no fees because transactions are irreversible, which is a better system, but requires a community to record businesses that are frauds.  For now Paypal does that which is what costs 3%.  If you want no fees you have to keep track of what businesses are scams yourself.  Also, the government should prosecute theft, and fraud, but well your tax dollars go to big corporations and bureaucrats instead.  So again bitcoin is a better system but we require a community to do what government doesn't and what paypal charges 3% to do.
@_date: 2015-04-06 10:51:24
You mean how do I turn fiat into money.  Try LocalBitcoins seems to work.
@_date: 2015-04-17 04:08:26
According to this page it can be used to encrypt data:
but it doesn't decrypt it.  So I see it may not count as encryption as it does not decrypt data.  On the question of an inverse function I had researched that and what I said was correct:  You cannot prove there is no inverse function.  That has been proven.  I can find the link if you want.  But there may be collisions more than one input leading to the same answer.  I am beginner here.  So what I was saying is that it is conceivable that the nsa has the inverse function.  Not saying they do, or that anyone does.  Edit: I am aware if two inputs lead to the same answer then the inverse would not exactly be a function unless it was multi valued.  And that's as far as I know.
Here is the qoute maybe you understand more than me:
"It is unclear whether one-way functions can actually exist. Right now, we have many functions that no one knows how to invert; but this does not mean that they are impossible to invert, in a mathematical sense. Note, though, that it is not proven that one-way functions cannot exist, so hope remains. Some people suspect that whether one-way functions may exist or not could be one of these irksome mathematical assertions which can be neither proven nor disproved (Gdel's theorem proves that such things must exist). But there is no proof of that either.
Therefore, there is no proof that any given hash function is really resistant to preimages."
It came from here:
Edit add quote and edit I should rather say it has not been proven there is no inverse
@_date: 2015-04-04 14:27:04
'3.  a fallacy because Jeff Garzik didn't answer the concern but instead attacked personally those who have it.
Title: "Conspiracy theories..." another fallacy because it makes a personal attack against what could be a legitimate theory, besides the person he is attacking actually gave EVIDENCE shouldn't that count?  Jeff's answer should address the evidence.  Finally, most conspiracy theories, aside from a few obviously goofy ones like reptiles on the other side of the moon, have been proven true, so that would mean there was inductive evidence to assume the conclusion true if Jeff's personal attack was correct  (contradicting the conclusion of the personal attack)
'6.  Realistically false no one is going to follow my fork :)
'7.  Again a fallacy of personal attack.  Jeff Garzik didn't offer evidence but attacked personally anyone who did not hold his views.
 
@_date: 2015-04-01 07:14:34
With propaganda legalized so are govt. trolls.  The US now has the equivalent of the Chinese 'two cent army'.  
@_date: 2015-04-10 21:25:25
Who's making the ad hominem attack against an entire community by making accusations of a the witch-hunt?  You didn't even really say anything or make any argument, just an accusation with no mentioned basis, and then a totally hypocritical title to your post.  Positive impact?  That's what your trying to disrupt.
@_date: 2015-04-11 16:47:36
Right, but they still return the money to the customer that costs them money to administer.  I am not defending the paypal system, In fact I can't stand it either.  If they were not doing their best within the regulatory framework and assuming they don't have whats' called regulatory capture, where no one else can compete, then in a free market someone else could enter and do better.  I am just assuming that their fees represent costs.  Maybe not I don't know for sure.  In a free market, which we don't have, fees probably would represent costs.  
@_date: 2015-04-10 09:21:06
:) Try not to think of it that way.  Bitcoin is just Bitcoin it uses the Block Chain.  Some other people want to make their own block chain without Bitcoin.  When they do that they call it 'Blockchain Technology'.  They are just copying Bitcoin.  We here might not like that as we wish they would just use Bitcoins not copy the technology.  Bankers don't like Bitcoins because it will replace them (possibly)  But they will take away the bitcoin technology and use it in a way they find less threatening.  
@_date: 2015-04-09 20:42:03
See my last entry, it has the quote that I think I was remembering.  It was all about theft that's what I am saying and he knew it.  Anyhow that's all ad hominem irrelevant.  His theory fails on the merits not on whether he believed it himself of not.  
We disagree on 1) because consequences are part of the cycle.  and 2)  I think printing wouldn't be such a central part of the theory if he was going to pay for it with savings, I think his idea was more like just inflating.  Be that true or not that's what they have always done. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 20:42:56
We have: the foundation is not bankrupt but nearly bankrupt.  The foundation did not fire 90% but nearly that many if you count the number the gave up their salaries.  The foundation is not transparent.  The foundation does not deny wanting to control coding and standards.  
Basically everything Oliver said still stands.  Now the foundation wants to attack Oliver personally,  or make a big deal about his lack of perfect wording.  
I think the foundation should fess up a bit better and agree to some serious limitations on their powers.  Then they need to go to the community show what they have done about our concerns, regain some trust, and finally get some funding for their operations, which might include funding for developers, but there should be a strict separation of powers and the foundation should not control standards and developers that's preposterous.
@_date: 2015-04-01 10:10:43
That second link was amazing to read as you can see those techniques being used, it is a paradigm of scientific population control.  Most people never have a clue what happened.
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:04:28
for all you who can't figure it out: BITCOIN TECHNOLOGY DOES NOT = BITCOIN
It's no f wonder the bankers run circles around us and we don't even know it.
@_date: 2015-04-08 05:11:17
I think there should be a separate standards committee.  Because of the problem of the foundation being a centralized and corruptible control point we do not want standards to depend on the foundation.  We don't want to put all that power in any single organization.  Therefore, we need an independent standards organisation.  To your question: they should not have direct control over the standards body, they might bring attention to some issue, but standards should be able to ignore them.  For that reason funding should not go through the foundation and then to standards it should be separate.
@_date: 2015-04-04 03:19:40
Violence generally gives governments a reason to expand their powers.  Hence governments have a self interested reason for promoting violence in underhanded manners that are not recognized.  The expansion of governmental powers benefits those that control governments: bankers and corporate syndicates.  Hence we see the need to eliminate the comparatively nonviolent online marketplaces. 
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:39:49
Hows that for fast?  :)
"Paypal plans to integrate Bitcoin
Paypal had already announced the end of September last year, now it's official: the company will offer its online retailers to integrate Bitcoin as payment. This has now explained in a note to the US Securities and Exchange Commission Paypal.
Paypal integrated Bitcoin.
(Source Bitcoin:  aztekphoto via Shutterstock)
Paypal wants his online retailers give the opportunity to the digital currency Bitcoin to accept as payment. That is to emerge from a filing with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, Paypal plans thanks to the integration of Braintree its customers the integration of digital currencies such as Bitcoin allow.
Paypal and ebay disconnect at the end of the year
In addition to the integration of Bitcoin is clear from the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the exact time of separation from ebay and Paypal out: According to the two companies intend to officially separate from each end of the year.
The integration of Bitcoin about Braintree, Paypal announced the company in September of last year, but now it's official. The word Bitcoin falls in the submission to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Paypal only the first place, but it should be clear that Paypal will integrate the digital currency in the future.
First, no trans cation charges for Bitcoin
Braintree is working with the Bitcoin Exchange Coinbase and online retailers to allow easy integration of Bitcoin in your own online store. Customers should have the ability to pay of all devices via Bitcoin without having to convert first Bitcoin separately.
Media reports  , according to Braintree, which is still in beta, require no transaction fees for the integration of Bitcoin, at least until a million dollars in sales were achieved via Bitcoin. How much are the transaction fees will be then, is not known.
Written by Giuseppe Paletta"
@_date: 2015-04-16 13:28:18
The definition will change.  It is not land based, and there is a simple reason: In any civilized society citizenship is voluntary.  This is a giant paradigm shift away from tyranny.  You see we still accept many notions of tyranny without thinking.
@_date: 2015-04-06 04:33:44
Note also the article said that in order for the big players to trade profitably they need more market cap in Bitcoin.  They are actually be in a position to drive market cap if that's what they want.
@_date: 2015-04-07 09:25:30
Based on reading a few of your comments I am guessing you are being sarcastic.  I doesn't matter, I generally avoid getting personal anyway as that is the troll approach.  I suppose the trolls, and some mods, would like to see the legitimate comments disappear altogether, but that would not be the purpose.
@_date: 2015-04-10 08:46:28
You don't even know what you are talking about or replying to.  Bitcoin Technology is used to refer to the block chain usually in cases where it is not the Bitcoin blockchain but some other one.  It is a new meme, a way to get around Bitcoins disruptive attributes.  I do not usually like the way the term is used, especially when it confounds people who think they are still talking about Bitcoin, which is why they do it.
@_date: 2015-04-11 16:37:35
Exactly, This is saying no monetary transactions should be private, a basic and gigantic violation of human rights.
@_date: 2015-04-07 10:06:41
Actually disagreement is really not the criterion of being a troll.  In my mind it is those that are deceptively advocating another position.  For example, if mods down vote good posts or delete them while upvoting bad ones.  Were there only disagreements here I think there would be no need to start a private forum.  But it is more than disagreements there are those that use degenerate techniques of derailing the issues.  That is a real problem.  They attack personally, they try to make fun other others, they call names, they are the mods, they are the dominant faction in r/bitcoin we are not talking about a small problem here.  And let me add when someone goes to r/bitcoin the expect to arrive at a legitimate bitcoin forum not some troll dominated farce.
@_date: 2015-11-09 16:12:18
I don't think this divided the bitcoin community at all.  I think the non community stepped in and controlled this with things like censorship.  What's going on with Bitcoin Core is a joke,  They are absolute imbeciles if they really believe larger blocks are not necessary.  Sorry it is not a 'debate' that is the first lie.  People are leaving the bitcoin network for alts because transactions are not clearing.  You don't build a bridge that breaks when the load is NORMAL.  There is no debate to be had.  There are only trolls and money blocking what was the only rational choice from the beginning.  So you might as well ask:  "What is the next thing we can do to try and STOP Bitcoin and how will we manipulate the bitcoin community most effectively?"
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:04:04
I can tell you all the answer to all this nonsense.  The instant they start making personal attacks.  That exact instant they are banned.  They use lots of techniques and they work in brigades.  You don't ban people for their views you ban them for using trolling techniques such as pretending to hold some view they don't, or general disruption techniques.  Just ban that immediately.  And I do not believe for one second the mods can't do that.  They just don't do that.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:17:39
We might want to get somewhat concerned that the foundation has zero money assuming that's true.  If they have not had the interests of our community in mind that would also be a problem.  Even as Bitcoin is decentralized we need a foundation to represent our interests and to be involved in (different from totally controlling) maintaining and improving code.  There is a point of excessive anarchistic tendency that could destroy our own ability to move forward.  Yes, centralization of the foundation power and the fact that the foundation becomes a control point of those with interests counter to Bitcoin is a big problem.  But we need to address these issues and not sit on our hands.  As Bitcoin price is low the problems of funding become a greater issue, but now is the time for the non-centralized members of the community to get involved.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:59:44
Actually I agree with that.  Let's take one example standards.  The foundation should not control that.  There should be a separate standards body, or as you say many.  Next, developers that should also not be directly under their control.  But if I am being voted down because I suggest we need a foundation, then I am not sure that is quite rational.  Ideally, everything is 100% decentralized, but in reality the code has to be maintained and developed, according to standards.  It is hard to totally decentralize that process.  So I am arguing for a limitation of powers and separation of powers model.  I think total destruction of THE foundation would be contrary to the interests of Bitcoin.  I have no problem with competing foundations.  If powers are limited they would all carry out the same functions.  You could even have a federation of foundations and they would elect again a representative body.
@_date: 2015-11-29 10:33:39
Local Bitcoins used to send instantly.  This issue like many requires some technical knowledge but double spend is one of the classic attack vectors and it was just enabled by core: they are vandals.  They are enabling this highly dubious stuff while at the same time refusing to increase block size even a modest amount, leading to a currently bottle-necked network.  
@_date: 2015-11-14 16:36:09
Just realize that the whole concept of this being any legitimate debate is a lie.  The network is working at a petahash or some number beyond imagination.  The blockchain is 20 GB almost fits on my old usb flash drive.  This is a false debate.  The purpose of it is to bottleneck the bitcoin network and it is working.  No engineer designs anything to be at MAX load under normal conditions.  If you want to know who is bought look at who is trying to prevent the network from being able to handle transactions.  Furthermore new technologies such as thin blocks will reduce size eventually anyway.  This is a made up debate.  The Bitcoin Core programmers have been bought and have verifiable conflicts of interest.  This whole thing is a great example of what we are up against going forward.  Think about it they are saying 4 lanes of cars should be required to drive on a one lane dirt road and people think that is some sort of reasonable debate? If we are as stupid as sheep we are not going to be successful here.
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:49:50
Fine guys the market will, but this is not a market issue, authorities most likely interfered and told BTC to lock the funds.  So we are not talking about a free market 'choice' by the exchange.
@_date: 2015-03-10 16:53:20
Yes, actually I agree and did agree with all that.  Some may be misunderstanding my meaning.  Atms could collect but some would have to delay the payment in BTC.  If some are trying to create selling pressure yes they may inadvertently be making BTC more convenient.
@_date: 2015-03-09 11:44:59
It offers factual evidence to support their existence.  Are you trying to play down the importance of that or that they exist?
@_date: 2015-11-28 14:47:47
If it is so superficial why were you forced into the last line of defense: Personal Attack.
@_date: 2015-03-21 12:51:13
Sorry, I am losing the context of all this.  Can we say: We agree bitcoin should be fungible.  If private or public authorities attack fungibility that should be opposed.  Bitcoin has potential attack vector weakness fungibility.  We therefore need to strengthen fungibility and not weaken it?
@_date: 2015-11-26 16:26:53
No, in fact keeping blocks small centralizes the network.  The reason is because not all transactions fit.  In this scenario fees go upwards to any number.  That then leads to the need for off chain transactions -- the Lightning Network.  This is based on the idea of creating 'pots' of bitcoins on the blockchain.  What it means is you cannot send bitcoins for small transactions but must instead use a centralized BANK.  There are other reasons that small blocks centralize the network.  Even Jon Matonis appears to admit that small blocks could lead to banking cartels that blockade transactions.  The project you refer is not allowed to be mentioned on this subreddit so I won't talk about it, except to say it's the opposite of what you say.
@_date: 2015-03-22 11:30:07
"how can one determine what works if there's no experimentation outside Bitcoin"
Experiment, I said to experiment, there are plenty, to many, alts already, but you don't need a new coin because you want to do something, adding the new coin makes the original experiment an excuse for a pump and dump.  I am saying don't use your experiment as an excuse to own the internet.  
"I don't even know where to start with this. "Everyone is a scammer, only use Bitcoin, prove yourself, also here's my coin""
Your right you didn't know where to start.  Libertasia is not a coin, When I said use Bitcoin I meant in your project.  I have another comment saying people can use other coins or build on other coins too.  Your changing meanings and misinterpreting.  In fact you took my words and changed them around and put quotes: are you CNN or MSNBC?  Read my post again slowly.  I am saying:  If you have some great idea, most likely, it does not require a new coin. People who say they need new coins for their ideas have historically been scammers.  I am speaking from experience, they want to own the internet with their idea when it could instead be built using Bitcoins.  
@_date: 2015-04-04 10:15:53
We are going to need some model and organized manner of maintaining and advancing Bitcoin code.  The more that can be decentralized the better, but there are still going to actually have to be programmers working on this.  For example, the code only supports 7 transactions a second which we are rapidly approaching.  I suggest we proceed by looking for solutions.  For now, Gavin is doing a good job, but we do need some understood process that ensures that the developers represent the interests of the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:28:37
The power of the foundation has to be limited.  Oliver does not want to see them control both standards and code development.  (If I am getting this correct)  That makes sense to me also like separation of powers.  We should look at a separation of powers and limitation of powers model.
@_date: 2015-03-09 04:33:50
This title is misleading just like the last one posted on this same story.  This service and others only allows the sale of bitcoins.  That is not a coincidence as it discourages ownership of the coins and increases selling pressure.  
@_date: 2015-11-28 14:38:50
Well, I don't believe that they said that.  Please link it.  Mike Hearn has apparently nearly perfected small blocks which reduce block size by a factor of about 10.  So I really don't see him working towards the data center outcome.  I have read several posts by Gavin Andreson all arguing for practical increases in block size that would all be able to be run on standard systems.  He even does the calculations to show it.  So what you say about them is either untrue or most likely out of context.  Even were it true it would be irrelevant to the question.  That is the question of block size is decided on the merits of the issue.  For those who don't understand the lightning network I just want to point out that if the bitcoin network is bottlnecked successfully by Core then transaction costs will prohibit transactions.  This means you cannot send bitcoin when you want period the use of any other network then requires your money to be stored in a 'pot' of coins on the blockchain -- A BANK.  Bankers and big companies love the lightning network.  Edit: Take out a sentence  
@_date: 2015-11-07 04:04:43
I'm in as in I will unsubscribe and subscribe to I also have a subreddit please please add rBitcoin too.  And also Search Bitcoin and add some others that have been working hard over the years to bring UNBIASED NEWS.  Thanks.
@_date: 2015-11-26 12:25:41
1.  Some bank said they would use bitcoin to send money.
2.  Gavin Andreson is going to lead xt and save bitcoin from the small blockists who were going to centralize the network under banking cartels.  Investors were afraid adoption would not be able to progress.
3.  I had done some techinical analysis and predicted the 24th or so for the breakout.  So anyways it's technical!
4.  Bitcoin Regulation won't happen in EU soon!
Edit add 
@_date: 2015-03-20 05:02:07
Yes, it quickly recovered and soon went up to the all time high.  Nevertheless dark market drug busts are correlated with price declines so it was a possible explanation as I offered it.  I was offering reasons for the price decline, and mentioned it could be short term in my first reason 
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:02:42
I assume your comment is not literal.  Of course we know authorities would keep any of their stolen money.  Let's keep this on track it is an attack on Fungibility and even Exchanges.
@_date: 2015-03-29 05:46:52
Excellent point, and they attack religions by using separation of church and state, all the while, they impose their own set of social values that are far more harmful than most religious value systems.
@_date: 2015-11-07 06:52:36
ah, I almost forgot to hit the unsubcribe button!  Just add several other bitcoin subreddits then unsubscribe.  If you really have to post here do but post elsewhere that is key and download xt.  uh oh i'm off topic :)
@_date: 2015-03-01 04:59:05
Well, people think the free market is a joke (the "LOL" part), but it is not.  The free market may not work perfectly but it will respond to demand and people demand what they want.  
You are onto the answer: there are too few broadband providers.  Most likely that fact was due to government regulations.  Let's solve that issue and NOT put the government in control of the internet to increase freedom because that is a total lie.
@_date: 2015-03-01 11:51:59
Paid my last purchase with Bitcoin.  Much more convenient than Paypal.  It's just a matter of time before others figure that out.  The downside is that regulations have made the process of obtaining Bitcoins a bit inconvenient for some.  Bitcoin is better money, but there is a chance government issued digital currencies may compete with it.  Basically we are going to be using blockchain digital currencies.  Let's not be too harsh on those who would prefer those currencies to be decentralized rather than government issued and controlled.
@_date: 2015-03-21 08:24:23
Your exchange would be shut down in China or anywhere.  get real.
@_date: 2015-11-26 16:08:49
Unmetered is roughly $30 per month depending on location.  Some regions may not have unmetered I don't know.  I don't think he is being disingenuous.  I think he was concerned about the centralizing effects of small blocks and so he saw the importance of this issue. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 11:48:31
Here I found an old Reddit post on fungibility, I am no legal scholar so does ruling still apply to cash?
@_date: 2015-03-01 03:01:03
Let me take this to a higher level as in bigger picture (on one point)  Maybe they actually put Fox News and Limbaugh on this to guarantee the liberals would support net neutrality.  They have Americans in two color groups it is so easy to work this way.  Try to avoid coming to a conclusion because they get the side your against to say something.  
The answer was to take the advantages away from the bigger ISP's and reward the smaller companies (by reducing not increasing regulations)  Net Neutrality does EXACTLY the opposite.  It will create government controlled monopolies.  Just like the Federal reserve.
@_date: 2015-03-18 16:21:16
Wow, spew propaganda and make money at the same time, who says government operations are inefficient? 
@_date: 2015-03-21 07:23:13
If your looking at regulators shutting down exchanges as a way of protecting your Bitcoins you are sadly mistaken and completely misunderstand the protocol.  If you put in Paypal like protections you will destroy Bitcoin as a transaction protocol.  You are completely misunderstanding how this peer to peer system is supposed to operate.  If regulators decide transactions in hindsight it is over.
@_date: 2015-03-22 12:07:44
Part of the problem is you have known buttcoin trolls here promoting it.  That creates a psychological bias because we know one thing and that is: What they are saying and what they are up to are two different things.  So sure the community would be hesitant to embrace their next circlejerk.
@_date: 2015-11-07 03:38:32
Here is the answer: Use the search you would see over 100 other bitcoin subreddits.  Post there!  I have one too it is not listed at least not on the first several pages :(
@_date: 2015-03-28 06:45:06
"If bitcoin was seen as a threat to anyone in washington, then it would be swiftly quashed. There wouldn't be bitcoin." 
You statement is false.  In Washington they generally regulate things to bring them under control or to eliminate any percieved threats.  They almost never react in sudden manners that would appear wrongful.  They can achieve their ends through things like regulations.  Either you are part of their process (a troll) or have a complete misunderstanding of how it operates.  But taking your statement as true literally leads to the conclusion that we already exist in complete fascism.  (If they can just destroy things at will without any concern of legality)  That is a striking conspiracy theory, or is it another conspiracy theory that is already true?
@_date: 2015-03-08 03:36:18
Ivanraszl makes a misguided comment.  Adoption has strictly to do with convenience.  Most people are selfish jellyfish in nearly all their behaviors.  They will adopt the moment adoption is the most convenient action.  Now, it is still to hard to obtain coins, then a wallet, and then to use the coins: they don't even know where.  
When the wallet is preloaded on their device, they can add coins with one click, and spend with one scan, then they would adopt.  I Almost forgot, there needs to be something they want to buy, and some moronic selfish discount giving them any advantage relative to the other jellyfish.  That would be the final push point to move the jellyfish to action.  It has nearly nothing to do with some other misguided supposedly moral concern that some early adopting 'hoarder' is getting too rich.
@_date: 2015-03-28 03:45:46
Yes, but we no longer live in any sort of legal constitutional democracy.  We are in a tending towards fascist, certainly corrupt, nearly corporate syndicate, CFR and a few other similar types, controlled world.  Interesting to wonder: if they collapse us will historians of the future be able to discover what happened?
@_date: 2015-03-21 04:38:01
People your not getting this.  Money has to be fungible or it will not work.  Since when do the police stop you at 7/11 and say your change is stolen money?  Imagine now when before you receive any Bitcoins you have to route them through a central authority that says they are not stolen.  We would be back to a system worse than cash.  Imagine now your coins you received 2 years ago turned out to be stolen.  Authorities can easily intimidate exchanges to lock funds.  They can precipitate these events and shut down exchanges.  
@_date: 2015-03-20 19:04:06
Are you implying that this entire post was a troll?  All for the purpose of trying to implicitly compare bitcoin to a Ponzi scheme and Bernie Madoff?  Complete with fake arguments with other trollers in on the game, who were also trying to attack Bitcoin by saying we are so desperate to support bitcoin we will defend illegal actions, trollers arguing with trollers.  You mean it was all a bunch of not so subtle circlejerking designed to throw red herrings and false comparisons? You mean when sojellyfish says: "Which market? Dark net markets? Bitcoin markets? Drug markets? Counterfeit markets?" that there is an attempt to smear by using implicit comparisons of Bitcoin markets to negative things?  I refuse to believe such leeches could exist!  Please don't make such baseless accusations.
@_date: 2015-03-21 15:06:54
You seemed to be looking for authorities to help protect you from swindlers.  I assumed you wanted regulations.  Anyway enough today already have a good one.
@_date: 2015-03-21 11:55:58
I believe cash by common law IS fungible.
@_date: 2015-03-18 14:39:14
Buffet said: "stay away from Bitcoin in 2015."  So far he is breaking even on that prediction.  I do not think his statement was based on ignorance.  I think he had inside information that operations would be carried out to control Bitcoin.  I think he assumed those operations would be generally successful.
@_date: 2015-03-20 15:25:46
I wasn't sure your meaning that's why I said so.  So many media articles try to make those sorts of defamatory comparisons to Bitcoin.  Your right fiat is stolen by the FED through printing.  The Bitcoin technology itself, so far, has been amazingly secure, as long as you follow reasonable precautions.  But of course putting money in a dark marketplace would not count as that. 
@_date: 2015-11-28 13:36:13
Basically the 'Core' fork is refusing to scale bitcoin.  They pretend to be proceeding carefully whilst they do all manner of irresponsible things such as allow coders with MEGA conflicts of interest to commit dubious code that might even be deliberate vandalism.  Meanwhile a modest blocksize increase is being blocked.  Bitcoin is a decentralized model and that includes the coding it is time to start moving in a rational direction away from 'Core'.
@_date: 2015-10-14 16:04:24
Here is their answer: "Bitcoin has been under attack and it this attack which is causing your message. Please read this article 
Most of these withdrawals affected are going through, slow and sometimes with a new TX id, but they do eventually find their way to the proper wallet in most cases. This is a global problem and not just a cryptsy problem. It is affecting the entire bitcoin chain..."
edit: removed a comment
@_date: 2015-03-29 06:06:29
Thanks, feel free to message me the details, anonymity may be an essential requirement of a successful coin as regulation and attacks on fungibility continue.
@_date: 2015-03-21 17:13:57
I think this got confused at first as people were reacting.  I was more concerned that authorities had inspired this freeze.  Key idea: we don't want Bitcoins that were stolen 20 transactions ago and bona fide acquired by the person currently spending them to not be fungible, that's all I am really concerned about.
@_date: 2015-03-18 18:17:24
You like to attack others personally.  You have a problem.  Your argument that they would destroy bitcoin if they wanted is a staw man fallacy.  Your also making the fallacy of changing the topic into trading which was not part of my comment.  Calling things names like "stupid conspiracy theories" is also a fallacy.  Finally your position that it is absurd that anyone would try to control Bitcoin say for example Bankers, the FED, or say for example the UK with its new regulations --your position is the absurd one.  Anyway I have had enough of you because I find those who make insults offensive.
@_date: 2015-03-21 14:55:19
At this point I mostly want to clarify that I was not attacking BTC-e.  I was more concerned if central authorities had encouraged or compelled them to lock withdrawals.  BTC-e is another matter.  Acting on their own they are free to take into account their legitimate business interests.  They should also promote the interests of the community including the fungibility of Bitcoin.  
Bitcoin is as fungible as we make it.  We could destroy the network tomorrow if we all agreed to make every transaction subject to some central clearinghouse test of 'tainted coins'.  So therefore I do think we all have some duty to promote a fungible currency.  No freedom is impinged.  I am not asking the state to do this although perhaps it could actually make a ruling that cryptocurrencies like cash are indeed fungible in the sense of the 1700 Scotland case.  That might not be a bad idea.  It just says a coin legitimately transferred to you is now your coin not someone else s it may have been stolen from 20 transactions ago.  If you don't accept this view you won't have a currency.  And again all the trolls who hate bitcoin quickly jumped on this promoting the idea of denying fungibility.
@_date: 2015-03-01 03:28:02
That's not a bad idea, prevents you blaming yourself for any hindsight decisions that appear to have been wrong or emotional.  I suggest sell on an exponential function that gradually decreases so you always have more to sell.  (Just sell say 1/50 of your remaining coins each year)
@_date: 2015-03-09 11:46:11
I agree the machines are a positive.  Many of the headlines are misleading as you can only SELL bitcoins at these machines.
@_date: 2015-03-21 07:45:14
"There is no central authority though."
Yes, there is it calls the exchange and says you have tainted coins you better freeze all withdrawals.
If you start checking transactions for tainted coins you immediately destroy the fungibility of all transactions, and now require a central authority to authorize and clear any transaction.  This would be worse than Paypal and would destroy the network almost immediately.  Consider being an exchange under these conditions or having you money locked at an exchange.
@_date: 2015-03-29 02:38:36
try 3% and you have a good idea that would increase adoption quickly.  The Japanese among others are some serious coupon clippers.
@_date: 2015-11-05 03:44:15
There are many breakaway subreddits that discuss bitcoin issues.  They were created due to the bias on this subreddit.  IMO people looking for genuine discussion should go to another subreddit.  I am not sure if a search shows them or not.  People like to sit on their hands and complain about this bias problem.  Instead take some action lest you are actually complicit.  
@_date: 2015-03-20 02:45:31
The network can only sustain 7 per second so Gavin Andreson best to get busy.  A bubble could magnify this by a factor of 10.
@_date: 2015-03-01 03:40:51
I see that as a small issue that would work out, and over this small issue we have ceded control of the internet to the government.  They were not even telling us what was in the bill.  Sorry for my ignorance but what the blank is wrong with charging for your bandwidth.  That is how it should work.  I am not sure why they are charging the company Netflix that seems backwards.  I am sure a free market would work out these issues.  No one is going to use a isp that won't provide the data they want.  But now everyone is going to be using ISP's that won't provide the data we want because now the data is going down the memory hole.
@_date: 2015-03-20 02:49:42
bit complicated, but thanks
@_date: 2015-03-18 12:26:38
Agreed, regulation and tracking would be the certain end of Bitcoin as a distributed decentralized system.  Regulations actually benefit the elites not those who they supposedly protect.  The reason the financial system is controlled by banking syndicates is exactly regulations.  Here is a key to understanding: Regulations promise one thing: safety, or consumer protection, but they are the mechanism to allow another thing: centralized corporate monopolistic banker syndicates.  Lack of privacy is the beginning step of any regulatory regime.  
Money controls media, politics, and society.  By decentralizing money and hence changing the incentive structure on the creation of monetary controls Bitcoin brings power back to the individual.  
@_date: 2015-03-19 03:56:58
My question would be for the Bitcoin developers: Why can't block rewards go to those hosting nodes?  I understand miners run a node, but apparently there is zero reward for some who host a node?  It does not seem exceedingly a complex issue to reward those hosting nodes?
@_date: 2015-03-22 05:16:01
Let me add: If you don't want to use bitcoin then use darkcoin, but the hallmark of a scam it that you try to put your own coin on top of your project.  Prove your ideas are legit and that they are not for the purpose of pump and dump.  There are plenty of currencies out there.  Stop saying your idea depends on making your own currency that's bs imo.
@_date: 2015-10-13 21:49:27
Yes, okay I get the code kind of but logically it does not imply there is no other way to get a nonstandard transaction.  I mean is this the only way?  It could say [If (green horses fly) then non standard transaction] somewhere else right?
@_date: 2015-03-21 11:25:08
Maybe but the fungibility of cash is legally protected (I believe there  is some case to that effect if I get busy I would look it up)  
@_date: 2015-11-28 14:26:06
But you commit a direct fallacy because I am not suggesting to make blocks that large.  Right now the entire block chain is about 48GB which very easily fits on a hard drive.  The network is just about at maximum and is currently meaning right now being bottlenecked deliberately and knowingly by the core coders.  Whilst the commit other highly dubious code some say could be vandalism.  They have a conflict of interest and stand to gain if transactions are forced off chain.  Even Jon Matonis admits this could lead to cartels of banks the exact opposite of what bitcoin is supposed to be.  What is being argued for is a reasonable increase in block size.  Yes, it is true at either extreme centralization occurs.  
@_date: 2015-03-09 11:52:43
Now your spinning off into nonsense.  Governments will create their own.  Ecuador has already.  Within 15 years according to some.  But who wants FED FUD Coin?  (it might be stable but its value is guaranteed to go to zero)
@_date: 2015-03-21 16:57:58
Awesome summary!  And I can reduce it more: If you can't acquire title through a thief all notes are absolutely useless.  Hence we have bona fide acquisition.  And the same needs to apply to Bitcoin here here!  And then as far a BTC-e as long as their client could show bona fide aquistion of funds there was no reason to freeze anything unless a court order indicated that the funds belonged to the thief himself case resolved!
@_date: 2015-03-20 05:06:07
btw things may be starting to look bullish, additionally we are on the bottom of an UP channel as long as that holds we are looking good.  Furthermore a fairly big upward move could put us in the very long term up channel that was broken.  Also, I plan to make a post about Juniper researches false predictions about Bitcoin dollar volume.  Just waiting until it is nearly mathematically prove-ably false.
@_date: 2015-03-21 07:38:00
Shutting down this exchange from withdrawals is an attack on every bitcoin transaction that occurs anywhere.  It is an attack on all exchanges as now you will think again before opening an exchange account.  What if one of your coins is tainted somehow?  This is a direct attack on the network and Bitcoin fungibility.  This attack is tantamount to economic terrorism.  And for no reason, there is no possibility of returning coins to anyone.  Mostly trolls who want to destroy the network are here disrupting and supporting this.  
@_date: 2015-11-26 15:37:06
Yet another unscrupulous post from the central banker small blockists.  "Currently a very modest internet connection, available in most of the world, can easily support blocks more than one hundred times what is in use today."  --Roger Ver
full article here if you don't know what this is about:
@_date: 2015-03-29 05:57:47
not sure your meaning, but if you mean don't talk about what they are doing that's bs.
@_date: 2015-03-21 14:43:09
Big topic and if I interpret you correctly we most likely disagree.  I think regulations will either (A) end the currency and adoption or (B) destroy it as a peer to peer distributed currency.  I can only say my position is somewhat consistent with the decentralized view of what Bitcoin is about.  I would say join ripple or paypal if you like regulations, but don't destroy bitcoin which was founded on principles of peer to peer, privacy, and freedom from centralized regulations.
@_date: 2015-03-21 04:55:33
Mistaken assumption that BTC-e acts voluntarily.  All it takes is one call from authorities and you think they are going to release the funds?  In China? get real.
@_date: 2015-03-17 06:52:08
Several misleading things in this:
1.  "One thing for certain is there will only ever be 100 Billion ripple XRP in existence, and that is hardcoded." 
Ripple is centralized that means 'hard coding' is irrelevant.  They can change the code at their discretion and print, print, print.  Ripple Labs issued themselves 80 billion XRP.
2.  "Ripple and Bitcoin actually meld well together"  
This whole topic came up because they are quoted as saying Bitcoin is not necessary.  
3.  "Users have control of their secret key"
This is highly misleading as your funds are at Ripple Labs on their computer, and in theory can be created, destroyed, locked, or manipulated at their convenience.  
4.  "Like bitcoin, the native ripple (xrp) currency has no counterparty risk"  
Again misleading.  You are in fact subject to the IOU of your gateway.  They do not 'back' that IOU.  Which could be a central bank IOU or a failed gateway.  
5.  "Ripple is open-source"  
They control the code, it runs on their central computers.
Ripple is a scam.  Everything about it always turns out to be a lie or propaganda.  If it succeeds it will be the worst case scenario of a unitary central bank with absolute power to do anything. We want decentralized systems that's what Bitcoin is all about.  Ripple is a scam to install a centralized model, they mislead every millimeter of the way.
I will just add this without editing the above: It turns out 'validating servers' vote on the future of the Ripple network.  Most likely they would be run by bankers, corporations, and syndicates.  Ripple users would be forced to accept the choices of the validating servers.  Of note, recently the Ripple network shut itself down.
@_date: 2015-03-21 08:16:11
In that you may be right, if this can happen it will, if it does happen bitcoin will be replaced.  It appears by your reasoning a currency will only succeed if transactions are fungible and that apparently requires that they be anonymous and not traceable.  Otherwise there is a centralized attack mechanism.  A peer to peer network cannot depend on a central clearing authority that certifies coins as not being tainted.  Let me go on to say we are witnessing the discovery by authorities of an attack vector against the bitcoin network.  This attack vector appears to be working successfully.  Maybe this vector is limited only to exchanges?  But any Bitcoins can now be considered possibly tainted.
@_date: 2015-03-21 07:27:23
okay if we go this route get ready for central authorities to mark EVERY transaction as acceptable or not.  Then get ready to run the address of anyone sending coins through a central authority before you dare to accept them.  This destroys fungibility and would make Bitcoin a centralized network.
@_date: 2015-10-15 13:04:59
Just a further warning to all:  Account(s) are being locked for "inactivity" that were not even inactive.  Additionally, they claim that their multibit flagged "non standard and should not be trusted" transactions are due to the malleability attack, but others can send coins without these errors.  This message must have a specific reason, as in some script or transaction setting as mentioned here already (not just "due to the malleability attack")  It is highly advised to get your funds out.  
@_date: 2015-03-09 12:08:06
Kind of odd how paid shills and trolls come here to argue that there is no such thing as paid shills and trolls.  One also wonders what motivates the minds of such people and what is their IQ.  Are they low IQ but using highly researched propaganda techniques under the advice of central controllers?  Many are better at simply avoiding them, but then we must be careful to not set off their alarm systems.  I suppose as they get stupider and we get smarter that might be a good approach.
@_date: 2015-03-21 08:30:26
I am still hoping somehow Bitcoin will be resilient to this attack.  Perhaps coin mixers or something.
@_date: 2015-03-18 17:42:23
Your saying its nonsensical to consider the possibility that there are operations that may be carried out to control Bitcoin?  In fact it is a totally reasonable hypothesis.  In fact the assumption that nothing is being done to control Bitcoin is an absurdity that only a total idiot would believe.  So make your argument that nothing is being done to control Bitcoin.  And your right the NSA could destroy Bitcoin.  So what?  Your making the straw man fallacy.
@_date: 2015-03-19 03:18:41
1.  Technical price correction.  We are still in an up channel below 250 and we are out.
2.  Recent Evolution bust, Bitcoin seems to fall on those events remember Silk Road.
3.  UK regulations.  Regulations help Bitcoin really they do.  (satire)
4.  False research from Juniper Research designed to suppress expectations.
5.  Insufficient demand. 25 bitcoins are created every 10 minutes but market volume is not enough to absorb that.
@_date: 2015-03-09 04:42:42
Fact: the US has a $50 million propaganda budget.  Fact: monetary policy, support of dollar is regarded by policy makers as important.  Fact: it would not take much money to pay a few 2 cent warriors to help control flow in this forum.  Fact: 2.6% of the American population is on a database called Maincore check it out it's still on Wikipedia.  This Maincore list is kept for political reasons.  We are not in a free speech zone.
@_date: 2015-03-05 16:28:07
Yes, good article but George makes a bit of a fallacy himself.  Pointing out that fiat currency is not backed by anything proves what?  Only that fiat currency sucks,  not that the 'no backing' criticism of Bitcoin is wrong.  
For my own point of view I would say Bitcoin not being backed adds to its ability to remain decentralized, and that makes Bitcoin more resilient to centralized attacks.  If Bitcoin were backed by Gold reserves they would be somewhere, and then well we know what governments do. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 12:34:46
Maybe, in any case, fungibility is an important concept going back to the 1700's Scottland case and we should all work to preserve the fungibility of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-10-13 21:02:54
Why do you think it was missing and nLockTime?  Because the lock time was showing at BlockExplorer.com.  Maybe there was another reason for the message?  I read somewhere could have to do with many possible reasons like scripts attached.  Also, strange they are refusing to answer this one for over 24 hours now.
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:47:09
If your truly arguing for complete freedom, or even partial freedom, you would not support unfavorable regulations that directly and immediately destroy the fungibility of Bitcoin.  C'mon.  Somehow you have twisted the meaning of freedom to include ignoring a direct attack on the fungibility of the network.
@_date: 2015-03-18 13:25:34
Thanks for your well reasoned response saving me the trouble.  All these problems are used as a pretext for regulations, but the regulations only increase the problems.  Once the regulations are in place they do little to solve the problems that were offered as pretexts.  Perhaps a good example is GMO corn in the US.  The corn itself is a pesticide, read that again, it is called BT corn, and causes severe health issues, but the corporate syndicate is in bed with the regulators.  Meanwhile the regulators go after the non gmo crops and farmers...
@_date: 2015-03-21 12:29:26
BTC should be free to do as it chooses: no one is saying that authorities should force BTC to accept any coins.  As far as their role in this it will depend on if they acted unilaterally or were told to do so by authorities.  The libertarian position that they should be free to do as they choose in no way implies anyone has to agree with what they did.
@_date: 2015-03-21 12:42:18
Depends if the behavior was their own choice or not, and then if they are not planning on returning coins to pot smokers what would be the point?
@_date: 2015-10-12 22:28:26
No, I'm not spinning wheels or ranting I just said exactly what happened.  And the message still appears in multibit.  If you don't see problems with what happened that's your problem maybe I would be helping someone else.  You've no need to start personalizing it.
@_date: 2015-03-21 17:06:51
close enough to complete agreement.  check the link from zeusa1mighty 
@_date: 2015-03-09 05:15:25
Lot's of potential disequilibrium dynamics going on here.  Hard too to predict who controls Bitcoin.  We will be asked to sell our values to make Bitcoin succeed.  (See the constant articles from CoinDesk suggesting the need of regulations)  We might not get what we thought if we make such compromises.
@_date: 2015-03-21 13:37:47
Even as a private entity they cannot act arbitrarily and deny customers expected services.  That said they are free to make their own policies.  Customers should move their funds elsewhere if BTC-e does not respect fungiblity.  
Was this an attack on fungibility?  I think it depends on more details.  Several cases present themselves:  Were authorities involved?  Were these the funds of the actual culprits?  Did BTC-e plan to return funds to anyone?  How many innocent accounts were locked?  What was the expected benefit?  What is their policy as to accepting coins?  In these details we can see if BTC-e and or the authorities respect fungibility.
@_date: 2015-10-13 21:37:25
Maybe you can help with my MultiDoge issue their new wallet will not sync past oct 12.
@_date: 2015-03-21 07:19:36
They are not returning any of these Bitcoins.  If you destroy fungibility with your 'scumbag' theory you will destroy the network.
@_date: 2015-03-20 15:31:54
Absolutely!  Bitcoin decentralizes money and the monopolization of monetary controls by central authorities has a profound impact on politics.  Getting really philosophical: Nature has been designed to work on many levels.  Molecules formed out of the primordial chaos, but only because nature was specially designed to create them and only because they were specially designed to work.  What if the molecular angles differed only slightly?  Nothing would work.  Well, Bitcoin is the same it was waiting for us to discover and use it.  Sorry for the short explanation that maybe needs more development.  
@_date: 2015-03-21 04:41:50
Your missing the point, authorities can intimidate exchanges to lock funds.  They can send money to exchanges and then tell them to lock all their funds. This is a direct attack on the network.  Trolls are agreeing with you comment.
@_date: 2015-03-01 05:09:16
It appears the answer is to deregulate the current Broadband Monopoly or corporate syndicate.  Not to put the government in charge.   Those who think that the current monopoly won't benefit from net neutrality have been suckered big time.  Find a way to allow small players to enter the broadband business.
@_date: 2015-03-09 11:43:30
My comment is correct.  I agree it's good to have options to sell or buy.  My comment was about the misleading headlines.  They should say 'One Way Sell BTC atm's'.  Another headline was more misleading can't remember it exactly, but i have seen several of these.  The one way aspect is relevant to the story.
@_date: 2015-03-19 05:30:17
The Guardian: "The price of Bitcoin, the anonymous peer-to-peer digital currency, plummeted after the alleged founder of the online drugs marketplace Silk Road was arrested in San Francisco.
On Wednesday afternoon the price of one Bitcoin (BTC) was $145.70 on Mt Gox, one of the largest exchanges for the currency.
After the news that Ross Ulbricht had been arrested and the Silk Road site seized, the exchange rate plummeted to a low of $109.76, before recovering to $124.00 late on Thursday."  
Funny I remember it going to to $80.00.  Anyways it went down in price.
@_date: 2015-03-29 06:23:50
r/dashpay could be just a bad mod, I was more interested in the investment value of the coin and the effect of rebranding.  I found it odd they were rather brief or say glib about the effect this would have on their core values.  To my mind if they rebrand and drop their core values then the coin is just another as someone said shtcoin.  So as an investment that would be the concern.
@_date: 2015-03-21 08:33:15
What are you talking about?  You want BTC to 'honorably' turn their customers money over to someone even though it would just go to some law enforcement auction?  Are you kidding?
@_date: 2015-03-09 11:47:57
No, yours is probably made up.  You can verify my statements.  See Wikipedia, and you can look up the $50 mil.
@_date: 2015-03-29 05:55:21
Yes, sure after he called me a troll and made a threat to ban me.  Anyone just go read the full conversation and make you own conclusions.  Trolls generally DO NOT believe in the values of the page they are on.  Which makes me a troll ONLY IF DASH has dropped the core values of DarkCoin.
@_date: 2015-03-18 16:26:10
I assume your referring to your own ignorance and inability to make an argument and propensity to instead engage in personal attack.
@_date: 2015-03-21 03:51:29
This is an attack on the fungibility of Bitcoin.  Authorities can create dark markets, bust them, send the coins to exchanges, and in short order take down the entire ecosystem with this 'fungibility attack'.  They can threaten exchanges to lock coins.  Encourage the building of dark markets that they really control.  I know some refuse to believe these sorts of things would be done, but they have historic precedent, this is how our governments operate.  They don't even have to do everything, they can encourage others at each point.  Sadly I think the Bitcoin community though getting libertarian principle is a bit short on understanding the full scale of what we are up against.
@_date: 2015-10-13 10:43:21
Update:  They are so far (more than 24 hours) refusing to answer the help request on the meaning of the message: This transaction is not standard and should not be trusted.    The coins appear to work but the meaning of the script that may have been attached to them is unknown.  If you think all this is no big deal fine make your own judgment call.  
@_date: 2015-03-20 07:28:00
Why compare these events at all, as if there is a comparison between Bitcoin and Bernie Madoff?  Why not compare the FED theft every year due to printing with Bernie Madoff, then there would be an accurate analogy as both are Ponzi Schemes.  Bitcoin is not any such scheme it is a technology.  Not clear that you intended this meaning, but people consistently confuse Bitcoin technology with what people do, its like blaming hydrogen for the Hindenburg.  People are unable to separate the Bitcoin protocol from what other third party entities do.  They consistently think Bitcoin is a business with a central location and that any Bitcoin Fraud is perpetrated by this Bitcoin business.  The mainstream media either through ignorance or deliberately consistently makes these errors, but here we should not.  Perhaps this is not your meaning but we should be careful in our comparisons.  Then look at the con4coin post who takes the mismeaning I am referring to and says we are "desperate".  Look at the fallacies your post has encouraged.  Sorry if your meaning was not so but these issues are so consistently misunderstood it must be mentioned.
@_date: 2015-11-28 11:55:11
RBF is a bad idea:
@_date: 2015-10-13 00:04:48
Good advice on sending to another address.  Far as the "non standard and should not be trusted transactions"  I think it is very concerning.  It could have to do with scripts that they are deliberately adding to their transactions.  I said "could".  I do not know the exact reason.  So the reasons are not known but some possibilities are a bit concerning.  I'll go further and say it does not seem like multibit should accept these nor should the miners put them into blocks.  But I am a bit of a purist and believe in simple systems.  Who wants to have to accept a transaction that "should not be trusted"?  What would the market value of that transaction be as a percent of the original bitcoin value?  I be at least a bit less.  So in that sense they really are not paying the full value of what they are supposed to.
@_date: 2015-02-06 16:22:22
Let me settle this: THERE IS NO REASON TO BE RUDE TO WESTERN UNION.  Or if there is you never mentioned it.  They can charge a trillion dollar fee.  You can pay it or not.  If their business model requires fees and you don't like it then encourage your water supplier to accept Bitcoin.  
Once I sold coffee to my asshole workmates.  Then one accused me of trying to make a selfish profit (when in reality I was just trying to do them a favor since they were not able to plan their coffee needs by advance and I was)  So I stopped selling it as the disadvantage of being insulted outweighed my profit by many magnitudes.
Moral of the story: Don't blame people who do their best to make a business model.  If you have another better one great then go for it!
@_date: 2015-02-19 05:32:13
Doesn't anyone here get the big picture or they do and don't want to say?  Big picture: every transaction will be centralized and tracked other exchanges will be hacked.  You will submit!
@_date: 2015-02-01 08:57:47
I watch price closely and I would say yes it has been 'squeezed' by what players I am not sure.  I saw an article by an experienced trader who said the same.  At a market cap of 3.5 Billion it is very easy for big players or governments to push around, like swatting paper airplanes to the ground.  This is why I say r/bitcoin readers are naive.  They just do not realize how many things are  controlled.  Well if you do then that comment does not apply.
@_date: 2015-03-18 16:48:46
Let me elaborate my other comment as I think some are not quite getting it.  I don't think Buffet likes or dislikes Bitcoin.  Nor do I think that affected his comments about it as an investment.  I do think his opinion of it as an investment should be respected.  Reason: He is a successful investor and would not likely make a deliberate incorrect prediction.  That does not mean I like him or approve of him, or that I don't.  I do think he had inside information that made him confident when he said "Stay away from Bitcoin in 2015".  It is a fact that Bitcoin faces "opposition" and only a complete idiot would assume that opposition was completely disorganized and unplanned.  I think it is reasonable to assume that the opposition is organized and planned, and I think Buffet had some information about that as he likely would.  It is a reasonable hypothesis given his position in the Banking industry as mentioned in the original comment.  Therefore, that may explain his comment, and his comment should be taken seriously.
@_date: 2015-02-07 04:08:38
I had a small profit about equal to the overhead of running the business maybe say $0.15 per day.  It was even selfish in the sense that I wanted to cover my inconvenience.  Net inconvenience it was not a profit and ended up as a net loss due to the insult.  With hindsight it might have been better to sell at EXACTLY cost, but then I may not have bothered like everyone else.  I offer the following outlandish claim:  I could have sold at ANY price, whatever price I thought maximized my interests, and and people should have thanked me for making the option available, [as long as I forced no one to buy]  If the price was ridiculously high and yet people still were buying someone else could have undercut me, and I should have thanked him for taking over the chore. 
@_date: 2015-02-01 10:41:29
More than 1 trillion, and professionals who know how to keep price in line with minimal cost.  It's not a question of can they it's just a question of approach.  Consider it something similar to 'open market operations'.
@_date: 2015-03-21 12:16:30
Yes, but cash by law actually is fungible, there is a famous ruling I posted here still trying to find the actual court case in the US.  Here is of all places a CoinDesk article that outlines the essential importance of fungibility. Cash is generally considered fungible: 
@_date: 2015-02-01 10:57:29
I agree that would happen in a free market.  This may depend on the size and purpose of those manipulating price.  If it is small guys looking for a short squeeze then yes, price would eventually break out.  But if it is larger players who can even afford to lose money in their operations then they might control price at key points indefinitely.  
@_date: 2015-02-07 05:19:56
Let me offer the contrarian hypothesis that I thought you were making:  Bitcoin is a Trojan horse invented by the NSA, and implemented by the core globalists as part of their vision of a one world digital currency.  They will control the foundation, centralize the nodes, and lift the printing cap.  All in the name of things like "preventing terrorism".  It will be SO EASY for them to do these things.  They will gain complete control of the entire block chain and it's ledger controlling exactly who has how much money.    They are confident they will have their one world digital currency.  They will control it to their ends, they already are.  For now they have been trying to delay the next bubble and successfully so.  They want to see more 'Know Your Customer' and all that before it goes mainstream.
We can only hope for a miscalculation on their part.  The unlikely possibility of an inherent decentralizing force put by God into the technology that drives an entire decentralized ecosystem that opposes their one world tyranny.  And even God leaves it for man to use the tools he gives us.  A bit of a stretch to assume we will given the current state of man.
@_date: 2015-02-14 06:14:15
Where do they get the money to buy bitcoins?  From the US treasury and our allies.  Look at the budget it includes $500 million for moderate rebels in Syria and this money is KNOWN to be funneled to ISIS.  How do you think ISIS gets US arms, training, missiles, logistics, information, support?  US TREASURY JUST STOP FUNDING ISIS.
@_date: 2015-02-03 16:32:00
To answer the question partially:  A country could easily buy up 50% of Bitcoins market cap.  Then declare it the official currency.  This would drive price up rapidly correspondingly enriching such country who could then put the entire initial investment into Gold and still hold most of the Bitcoins they bought.  Transaction fees would allow for a controlled ramp up of transactions.
Regarding number of transactions: 
Gavin Anderson: "So even if everybody in the world switched entirely from cash to Bitcoin in twenty years, broadcasting every transaction to every fully-validating node wont be a problem."
@_date: 2015-02-01 09:37:09
If price is being suppressed that would have a negative impact on the ecosystem as it reduces capital and hence investment.  It is one way to slow adoption. Shorting might be considered or used by those with contrary interests to the advancement of the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2015-03-21 11:32:23
Correct it may be a discovered weakness,  that said, I am not sure we need to give up at the start of this issue, if we had lost already the trolls would not bother to be out in force.  Therefore there may be some reason to get people to see the importance of maintaining fungibility and not giving it up.  There may be a partial defense which would begin by not arguing in favor of closing down exchanges so you can donate money to authorities who plan to return it to no one.
@_date: 2015-10-13 21:35:58
Says locktime 378598 So that is the reason for the message?  Why would they do this?
@_date: 2015-02-07 05:33:51
Your argument is completely confounded.  It assumes an idea is wrong depending on peoples psychological response to it.  That is absolutely preposterous.  Surely whatever the best way of organizing things is it would be psychologically opposed by some.  The fact people have psychological reactions is irrelevant to  a theory.  In fact that is what I was getting at in the first place.  And in fact it is these 'psychological reactions' that lead to things like Marxism, which lead to nearly endless suffering.
@_date: 2015-03-22 05:12:38
There are 'n' projects out there.  They all try to make their OWN coin.  They all try to enrich themselves, pump and dump.  Ethereum is no different.  None of them do anything or offer anything really significant that Bitcoin doesn't, or couldn't with minor improvements.  (I borrowed some words)  I am all for experimentation, but then there is no reason to not use Bitcoin as the base currency, if something is missing they can build on top of it, and if it works it can be later introduced into the blockchain.  But that is not what people do they all want to be the owner of the next internet currency, everyone wants to own the internet.  It is fucking pathetic.  Even decentralized projects like maidsafe or bitcloud do the same thing everyone is a scammer.  Prove you are legitimate use Bitcoin as your currency.  By the way Libertasia.com does it did not create its own currency.
@_date: 2015-02-28 14:00:28
A free internet could not be more important for Bitcoin.  'Net Neutrality' is total Orwellian Doublespeak, a Trojan Horse.
@_date: 2015-02-01 10:29:05
Possibly, but I see key points where price was driven down on BIG volume.  Key trendlines were broken on comparatively mega volume.  As I think I said it's like swatting down a paper airplane.
@_date: 2015-02-09 03:46:27
"It doesn't matter if you upgrade. What matters is if Coinbase, BitStamp, and Blockchain.info upgrade."
This gets at 'control point theory'.  With these three easily controlled from behind the scenes Bitcoin can be upgraded in ways you or I might not especially like.  The next theory is called 'incrementalism' with the heavy use of pretexts such as the "need for regulation", or the dangers of "Terrorism" and so forth.  
I offer a supplementary hypothesis:  It is the potential alt coins that have some impact on the course of Bitcoin.  If they centralize and destroy Bitcoin, easy for them, really easy.  Then they will face an army of alts.  Therefore to win they must control the internet.
@_date: 2015-02-01 11:33:24
It's a bit speculative to determine.  It could be a tool they would use.  If it is ultimately effective hard to say.