@_author: rcglinsk
@_date: 2014-01-01 03:53:00
Skilled diamond cutters are few and far between.  That's the real supply problem for jewelry diamonds.  
So imagine you are a diamond speculator who knows the exact rate by which new skilled diamond cutters will be trained.  That's the situation bitcoin speculators face.  They have a very good idea of the rate at which new bitcoins will be emined.  
So I guess the difference is the diamond hoarders are probably taking a much larger risk.  The diamond cutters might decide to start working 12 hour days or take on apprentices.  
@_date: 2014-01-01 02:32:30


A couple comments.  First, the anonymous nature of bitcoin makes lending a dubious venture.  Folks certainly could lend/borrow bitcoin under some written contract, but that contract would be payable in the legal tender of whatever nation governs the contract.  So if American A loans bitcoins to American B and B doesn't repay, A can sue B and win, but B will owe A the fair market value of the bitcoin debt in Dollars.  Unless A can somehow argue for specific performance which wouldn't make the least bit of sense.  Until a government will enforce a bitcoin debt in terms of bitcoins and not the national currency bitcoin debts really can't exist.  
Second, the reason an economy can experience major deflation due to a debt repayment crisis is that the economy is using units of debt as a substitute for the currency.  Bank A owes Depositor B X dollars and the collateral on the deposit is a debt owed by Debtor C to A.  if C doesn't pay A then A can't pay B.  The Bank responds to a repayment crisis by ceasing most lending and holding any new deposits in reserves to hedge against liabilities to past depositors.  The overall effect is a drastic contraction in the money supply.  
In order for the same phenomena to happen with bitcoin there would need to somehow exist banks which accept bitcoin deposits and then make loans in excess of the deposits, classic fractional reserve style.  But the only reason people leave demand deposits with banks, for the most part anyway, is they're convenient for transacting.  But with bitcoin that wouldn't make any sense.  The only incentive would be someone not stealing your wallet.  That might create *some* demand for bitcoin bank deposits, but not nearly as much as for people looking for ease of transaction generally with normal currency.  And the don't steal my wallet depositors would probably bite the bullet and pay a monthly storage fee so the bank doesn't have to make money off fractional reserve lending.  
@_date: 2014-01-01 04:08:13


Bitcoin provides an incredibly valuable product: financial transaction sans the conventional banking system.  I'd imagine there are 3 kinds of bitcoin users:
- hoarders/speculators, as used throughout this thread
- geeks, the vast majority who own less than one bitcoin
- criminals, people who move into and out of bitcoin while never holding, the bitcoin is simply the means of an illicit transaction