@_author: rcpinchey
@_date: 2013-04-01 15:17:14
You should be fine. Have a look on blockchain.info, you should be able to see what state the confirmations are at for the transaction you've made. Generally it takes quite a few confirmations before the receiving side acknowledges having the BTC available.
@_date: 2013-04-01 15:14:39
It's two years ago, so your browser history is almost certainly useless, BUT...
If you're lucky, your search history will be switched on, you won't have manually wiped it in that time, and you'll be able to see every BTC-related site you searched for around the time the transfer was made. Good luck!
@_date: 2013-05-01 20:14:52
+bitcointip ฿0.001 verify
@_date: 2013-04-01 15:08:28
It was definitely an exchange you sent your BTC to? Have you tried:
Check your email for a transfer confirmation from MTGOX too, there's probably nothing useful in it, but it's worth a look.
@_date: 2013-04-04 19:29:21
Personally, I'd say that if you need an exit plan for a panic sell-off, you've got too much invested in bitcoin. It's perfectly possible that the price could drop so quickly that you *couldn't* get any GBP for your investment, no matter what you try. If this would be a life-ruining disaster scenario, you should sell some now, and only keep an amount you can afford to lose as bitcoins.
That being said, in a panic, I would say your best bet is to split your coin between all the different exchanges, and don't worry about what currency you're selling for- just use the most popular on each exchange. You can worry about switching currencies when you're no longer panicking.
But, as I said, in a full crash there is no way you could sell them, because no-one would buy them! Don't be blind to the risk, and only invest what you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2013-04-04 20:59:25
Brief summary of what happened is [here]( or you can read about it in detail [here](
The basic answer to your question is "the developers"- it's an open-source project, with an active community of developers working on improvements all the time. The fork was "fixed" by these developers, after they discussed the situation and reached a consensus on how best to act.
If there was some time in the future where there was no active development on the project, and a major issue hit, someone would step in and try to sort it out pretty quickly... but I guess it would cause major problems if the currency had been widely adopted by that point.
To be honest, the 0.7-0.8 fork issue seems to me to be the biggest problem bitcoin has had to date, and I'm surprised people aren't holding it up as an example of how this fantastic innovation has the potential to fail disastrously. It seems to be being swept under the carpet somewhat...
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:28:41
If someone succeeded in an attack and acquired a large quantity of Bitcoin, the very nature of the currency would make it trivial to dispose of within hours, in exchange for goods, services, and large amounts of fiat currency. This could happen long before news and confirmation of the attack could damage the currency's value.
The DDoS attacks on Gox are done purely to create a temporary dip in the price due to small-scale panic. The attackers buys during the dip, and then sells once the price goes back to its natural level as the panic sellers realise there's no crash and buy back in. I was amazed when I first noticed this was happening, but it seems to be quite effective given how nervous everyone is about the idea of a bubble.
@_date: 2013-04-01 15:18:40
It might be worth double-checking if you haven't already... but still, :-(
@_date: 2013-04-04 16:36:34
The blockchain is essentially a list of every transaction made using bitcoin, in order. It's split up into blocks- think of them as the links in a dangling chain. Each block is linked to the one before it, and new ones are only ever added to the block at the bottom.
Sometimes, for various reasons, two blocks are added to the chain at the same time, both dangling from the same previous link. That's a fork. One of them will end up becoming part of the main chain because it'll end up with more links dangling below it, and new links are always added to the lowest one.
A fork can be caused by someone trying to spend the same coin twice, or when two new blocks are generated very close together in time, or very occasionally through software issues. The way bitcoin is designed, forks will be resolved by the network over time... except if they're caused by software issues, in which case someone needs to step in. This happened recently!
@_date: 2013-04-08 18:31:51
I think we're of a like mind when it comes to BTC... I've been trying to encourage people to buy a small quantity, with the proviso that they're either going to be utterly worthless or worth enough to retire on. I don't see a middle ground here. I'm basically thinking of it like buying some lottery tickets, with much better odds than usual of winning the jackpot!
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:17:07
Allow me to post some counterpoints!
1. Regardless of how smart the developers are, there will be bugs in the code. Anyone who works in software will vouch for this- there ARE bugs in all software that's at least moderately complex. Whether it's unforeseen code paths, interaction with new hardware, reaction to unexpected inputs, or whatever, there are going to be things that go wrong. It's just a case of how serious the repercussions are.
2. There are many very smart people being paid to work full-time on the security of Microsoft's operating systems, but because they are such a major target serious flaws are discovered and exploited on a semi-regular basis. As it grows, Bitcoin will become the biggest target of the lot- and it will only take a few high-profile issues to destroy confidence in the currency.
3. The US have introduced the FinCEN guidelines on virtual currency, which seems to be a nod towards acceptance- but at the same time, it is quietly and steadily becoming harder and harder to buy Bitcoins in the UK, as all the easy routes to acquisition are being closed with no announcement as to why. Not all governments are welcoming Bitcoin with open arms. It's a race between adoption and legislation- because you're right, once it becomes large-scale enough it'll be safe. It's nowhere near that point yet, though.
4. P2P never significantly hurt the bottom line of the record industry. Bitcoin stands to make certain multinationals obsolete! There's a lot more motivation here- and they don't need to destroy the idea. Destroying Bitcoin, the first high-profile currency of its type, would be enough to buy them years before the general public would be willing to trust its replacement.
5. I agree with your last point, to an extent. One of the key factors in Bitcoin's favour is the fact that the people who designed it, who are passionate about its success, grow richer as the currency becomes established. These are, for the most part, people who have invested their time in this not to become rich, but simply because they believe in Bitcoin and want it to succeed. I would hope that these people will invest their new-found wealth in improving Bitcoin. However, it's pretty obvious that there *are* problems which *do* need addressing if the currency is going to last. Until then, it's open to being brought down, or even replaced.
@_date: 2013-04-01 15:02:54
Don't worry about it yet. The way the address system works, if you mistype the destination address it's not going to be valid, and the money won't get sent.
Chances are it'll just take a while to confirm the transaction.
@_date: 2013-04-08 19:57:22
I just hope this doesn't get downvoted to oblivion before anyone actually reads it...   :-S
I'm gratified to see that members of this community are still free to post rational, reasoned critiques of the currency, and generate proper discussions about it. I was worried that this subreddit had become a propaganda machine, where dissenting voices were unwelcome, but it seems my fears were misplaced.
If I can inform one person well enough to keep them from recklessly gambling their life savings, I'll consider my time well spent!
@_date: 2013-04-01 17:24:43
It can often take hours, depending on where you're sending it to. Some places require more confirmations than others before they consider the money "sent". That said, it's definitely seemed slower during the past week than it used to!