@_author: rdg352234
@_date: 2014-01-24 02:09:26
If they get involved it will probably involve some kind of off-chain transactions.. like how they are now through gyft.
@_date: 2014-01-24 02:22:20
It would be too hard to hide the fact that he doesn't exist in such a small place :p
@_date: 2014-01-24 02:41:56
No.. that's the whole point - to keep the transactions off the blockchain (aside from topup transactions).. bitcoin really isn't ideal for point of sale due to confirmation times - and the transaction fees on the blockchain will get high enough to suppress transaction volume above what the network can withstand.. so people will use it sparingly. Even with coinkite although it supports blockchain payments it's clearly intended to be used with their coinkite cards.. those transactions won't be committed to the blockchain either.. most likely coinkite will cobrand their cards with major retailers.
@_date: 2014-01-24 01:55:34
Bitpay has gained some important merchants.. the thing is bitpay could adopt some other altcoin and instantly cause all those merchants to accept it.. I know they've denied they'll do this, but the market could force their hand.
Now even without bitpay directly accepting an altcoin it won't be long before someone merges a [browser extension]( with an exchange, so that if you visit a bitpay payment page it actually displays alternate payment addresses for altcoins - and possibly other e-wallets (egopay?) and maybe even banks.. bitpay can't actually stop people paying using other payment methods and since they're all irreversible payment methods there's no particular need for the browser plugin/gateway to even require the user to have an account. It can be an entirely automatic pay through gateway that people can install in a few seconds from the firefox plugin site.
Basically noone needs to save their money in bitcoins in order to pay using bitcoins - but for the price of bitcoin to go up they *do* need to save in bitcoins. All altcoins can be used to save and the friction for exchanging into bitcoin is low enough that it won't be the determining factor in where people save their value. Eventually merchants will probably start directly accepting whatever emerges as a large enough pool of value.
The number of people who are actually holding a non-trivial amount in bitcoin is still quite small.. maybe 1m people have at least $10 in bitcoin, but only half a million or so have as much as $100 in bitcoin. It's not hard to imagine how an altcoin could beat these relatively low numbers. Many large institutions (ie, google, amazon, ebay etc) could instantly force the adoption of some other technology amongst a far larger population.
Dogecoin has only been going 1 month and already I think there could be 100k people holding $10 worth and perhaps 50k holding almost $100. If it were to continue growing at the current rate there would be more value invested in dogecoin by the end of the year. I'm not saying this is likely.. but I don't think bitcoin's 'first mover' advantage will necessarily play out how people think.. it could still end up as the glue that holds together a lot of other things but it won't necessarily be the most important part financially.