@_author: readthearticlebitch
@_date: 2018-08-01 17:33:54
**At What Level Do Institutional Buyers Join The Bitcoin Rally?**
Bitcoin bulls are losing control again and the bitcoin price is back where the rally took off. The rally started on July 13, when the price formed a low of 6081 and there were some serious concerns that the price could break below the $6,000 mark. The bitcoin price started to consolidate from July 19 to July 23 and traded in a range of $7,236 to $7,780. It was on July 25 that the bitcoin price reached a high of $8,480, making investors confident about the possibility of touching $10,000. However, the price retraced from this level and we are back in the consolidation range mentioned above.
It is very well known that the recent surge in its price was mainly due to the following reasons, and I have mentioned this here:
However, the request for the Bitcoin ETF, which was backed by Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss, was rejected by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Many have said that the reason it was rejected by the SEC was because the department is still skeptical about the cryptocurrency market. The reality is that the SEC is only skeptical about the ETF structure presented by Winklevoss.  The department is still in a process of considering several other applications for crypto ETFs and the fact is that bitcoin futures are trading on two exchanges. Therefore,  it is nearly impossible that we will not see Bitcoin ETF approved by the SEC.
Speaking of bulls, here is something which needs attention. Firstly, bitcoin volatility has started to spike. This could attract speculators who breathe on higher volatility. The 30-day volatility formed a bottom back in May 2018.
Talking about bulls and bears, it is important to look at the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission report. Every Friday, the CFTC releases its report on bitcoin’s active future. The report breaks down the short and long positions. Moreover, it further categorizes them as non-commercial, commercial and non-reportable positions. The difference between them can be read here.
The chart below tells a very compelling story.  In panel 2 of the chart, we have the bitcoin price. It shows an important buy zone; a zone where the price has entered and moved back out, from $6,600 to $5,796. The significance of this is that institutions are heavily involved in buying at this level. The evidence of this is in the first panel of the chart. It shows the net positions for bitcoin futures. Unfortunately for the bulls, the pressure is still on the sell side as the net positions show that there are more sellers than buyers in the market.
However, the important element is that these net positions are at the lowest point when the price is trading in the buy zone mentioned above. Hence, it is evident, that even among bears, there are those not willing to hold their positions when the price is in the buy zone, or they prefer to join the bulls.
Disclosure: I hold Bitcoins
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-08-01 15:06:46
**Bitcoin is off the wagon,  but one crypto expert says it’s only temporary **
Bitcoin is off the wagon, again.
The cryptocurrency has plunged more than 7 percent in the last week, now trading just above $7,500. Despite the latest drop, one crypto trader says the sell-off is only temporary.
"[Bitcoin has] had a pretty good run from $5,800 up to $8,300, $8,400 or so," said CNBC "Fast Money" trader Brian Kelly of Brian Kelly Capital. "So while it might seem crazy to the legacy markets and the bitcoin world, this is just a normal correction."
The growing prospect of what would be the first bitcoin exchange traded fund has sent a flurry of investors back into the cryptocurrency market of late, pushing bitcoin above $8,000 for the first time since May. The wind was taken out of the sails on Friday, as investors digested the SEC's rejection of the Winklevoss twins bitcoin ETF application.
"I think this is a good environment," Kelly said. "I think the holdup is structural within the ecosystem. It's just not quite ready for prime time yet."
The SEC has been vocal about its concerns of fraud and price manipulation when it comes to the cryptocurrency market. While Kelly is still positive on the future of a bitcoin ETF, he believes "there's still two big hurdles we need to cross" before it can become a reality.
The first of which would be the creation of a regulated cryptocurrency exchange like one proposed by the New York Stock Exchange parent company last May. The move would add to a growing list of institutional players seeking to take advantage of the cryptocurrency frenzy.
"We've seen multiple companies like Fidelity, like BlackRock looking into it," Kelly said Tuesday on CNBC's "Futures Now" "There's definitely more of a buzz of more money coming into this sector." Along with the addition of a regulated exchange, Kelly said a potential bitcoin ETF would also require institutional quality custody to reassure its legitimacy on a broader scale.
Although Kelly doesn't forecast an approved crypto ETF in the United States until at least the fourth quarter of this year or about "the next four months or so," he remains optimistic that it'll get passed.
"We're in an environment where there's less regulation and this is the best opportunity to get something new through," he said.
Bitcoin is down nearly 41 percent year to date, and currently trading around $7,600.
Cryptocurrency-focused merchant bank Galaxy Digital started trading on a Canadian stock exchange on Wednesday.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-18 10:41:41
**Mastercard has a new patent that could allow bitcoin transactions on credit cards**
Consumers might one day be able to charge their purchases on their credit cards using bitcoin as a currency.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-31 16:06:50
**Could Bitcoin Benefit From A Trade War?**
As the trade war continues and the Trump Administration continues to impose tariffs on goods from nations around the world, some market observers are understandably concerned.
The U.S. has initiated "the largest trade war in economic history," China claimed earlier this month, according to The Wall Street Journal.
Could the ongoing tariffs, countertariffs and negotiations cause investors to flock to Bitcoin, which has sometimes functioned as a safe-haven asset during periods of economic turmoil?
Analysts are split on how much the digital currency is benefiting from this ongoing situation.
[Ed note: Investing in cryptocoins or tokens is highly speculative and the market is largely unregulated. Anyone considering it should be prepared to lose their entire investment.] 
Bitcoin and 'Economic Uncertainty'
"Bitcoin was forged in the fires of economic uncertainty," emphasized Joe DiPasquale, CEO of cryptocurrency fund of hedge funds BitBull Capital.
"It was created in direct response to the shortcomings of the traditional financial system. It makes sense, then, that any event that highlights the potential vulnerabilities of a national currency also tends to magnify the strengths of a borderless currency such as Bitcoin."
"The uncertainty created by a trade war between the US and China could certainly catalyze Chinese citizens to increase their holdings of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies."
Anatoly Berdnikov, founder and CEO of Bit.team, a decentralized P2P online cryptocurrency exchange, offered a similar point of view.
"Concerns about an escalating trade war with Trump and its implications for the Chinese economy" have been a "major catalyst" for Asian investors, who have been flocking to cryptocurrency since it is "seen as more resilient to inflationary pressures and the potential devaluation of the Chinese Yuan." 
Analysts Voice Their Doubts
Some market observers were not as convinced that the trade war is providing tailwinds for Bitcoin prices.
"I would agree that these concerns are a 'factor,' but not that they are a 'major catalyst,'" said Tim Enneking, managing director of Crypto Asset Management.
"On the other hand, were a full-scale trade war to break out (in the form of immediate, high tariffs) and economies begin to suffer from that, then the effect would be more pronounced," he added.
Sean Walsh, a partner at venture capital firm Redwood City Ventures, also emphasized that trade concerns may not be the single greatest factor affecting digital currency prices.
"While the intensifying global trade war(s) should be on the active investor's radar, I believe the reemergence of rapid price inflation is a larger driver of recent cryptocurrency price appreciation," he stated. 
"I suppose the trade war could be driving demand for Bitcoin in certain Asian countries," stated Walsh. 
"However, I suspect that effect is relatively small, as the rationale for buying crypto because of a trade war is not particularly clear or direct." 
Scott Weatherill, chief risk manager of B2C2 Japan, also voiced his doubts. 
"I don't think it's a major driver personally," emphasizing that the "statement is fairly hard to back up with evidence." 
"If anything, I would suggest that people would find BTC attractive in that context as a trade war would heighten geopolitical risks."
Disclosure: I own some Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash and Ether.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-27 18:16:04
**Bitcoin Is A Logarithmic Asset**
I maintain that historical price charts are great for predicting the past. This is meant to sound like a joke but it isn’t. Price charts are maps and maps give people a guide to the future because they give context. The markets are not trendless and while they might not often give out hints of the immediate future they certainly tell the story of the past and the story so far.
This is bitcoin's chart up to July 13, 2018. Bitcoin is in a bear market, currently clearly trending lower:
Bitcoin has been a bubble for sure and that bubble has burst, just like the dotcom bubble before it. Just like the dotcom crash, if you can buy at the bottom you will make a killing going forwards.
To my eyes this chart says there is another final leg to fall but that is opinion. What I want to see is a bottom in the market that follows on a final crescendo of collapse. You might say we have had that already, but I don’t think we have. I want to see headlines saying “Bitcoin is dead” after a final leg down. This will signal a bottom as it has on many previous occasions. “The Death of Bitcoin” as a MSM headline will be the point I will be serious about loading up.
So is there anything else in this chart that gives us a clue to the future? Let’s tweak our price chart lens.
How about this?
This is a log chart and it shows that bitcoin and crypto have been growing and behaving logarithmically. This is a field mark of viral growth. Few things have this growth potential; crudely it’s a compound growth of 26% per time period. Ten periods of 26% gets you to a total 1,000%.
As an aside, this is the portfolio profit rate that got Warren Buffett to be one of the world’s richest men.
This non-linearity is exciting because if this growth is to continue, bitcoin can really get back to $20,000 a coin, $200,000 a coin, $2 million a coin...because if the market mechanism of the asset remains viral that is the way it spreads.
This shows six years of log power trading and growth.
So how about this as a price target:
With a couple of hundred billion the total cryptocurrency market cap (take out all those funky non-minable tokens and non-decentralized coins) and you can certainly see another x10 is doable. As such, if bitcoin is still behaving logarithmically it will soon be on its way to the moon again. It’s an amazing conjecture but I can see it being on the cards.
So the trade is 100% loss versus a good chance of 1,000%+ gain. As long as you right size your position it’s an irresistible trade.
However, if you are greedy like me you want to see the bottom of the market or at least signs this bear market trend is over and for now we are not there yet.
Be among the first to know the most important crypto and blockchain news and information with Forbes Crypto Confidential, a free weekly eletter. Sign up now.
Clem Chambers is the CEO of private investors Web site ADVFN.com and author of Be Rich, The Game in Wall Street and Trading Cryptocurrencies: A Beginner’s Guide.
 
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-27 03:34:01
**Bitcoin Surges Past $8,000 As 'Crypto' Market Cap Passes $300B**
As a who’s-who line-up of entrepreneurs, blockchain experts, artificial intelligence (AI) specialists and well-known economic and business figures were preparing to descend on Las Vegas for ChainXChange, an upcoming “blockchain and experimental technology”, they do so as the cryptocurrency market regains momentum with market capitalization once again exceeding $300 billion.
Now it is funny how things can almost turn on a sixpence in the capital markets. After reaching record highs of around $20,000 last December, when industry protagonists were positively salivating about the prospect of a $50,000 Bitcoin or even higher, the Big Daddy of crypto retreated to levels seen in the middle of last year just before the Chicago derivatives exchanges announced they would start to offer trading in Bitcoin futures.
Just when you think Bitcoin was on the ropes as well as other leading currencies, so to speak, the big hitter in the cryptocurrency space mounts a recovery. Volatile or what?
Crypto industry watchers were atwitter - if that is the right word - on Tuesday this week over the resurgence of Bitcoin (BTC), which vaulted past the $8,000 mark to a value of $8,435.16 - for a gain of over 7% on the day. And, at the time of writing the cryptocurrency was trading at around $8,230 a pop on exchanges - up 0.79%/$63.98 this Thursday (July 26).
Shortly before Bitcoin broke the $8,000 barrier with a BTC market capitalization of approximately $143 billion, the overall market capitalization eclipsed $300 billion, a feat that was previously achieved back on June 12 last year. This has once again stirred excitement that Bitcoin is entering a new bull cycle. Could they be right? Well, one wonders.
The three-day ChainXChange conference, which begins next month on August 13, is touted as serving as a gathering place where both “long-time industry titans and eager newcomers meet” to discuss this maturing market and how it will evolve in the months and years to come.
As a journalist I am in a fortunate position to attend industry conferences in London and further afield. Now there are many conferences that are held to debate matters in the equity and fixed-income trading spaces as well as the regulatory realm like TradeTech or SWIFT’s annual SIBOS event for payments and back office processes.
These conferences have certainly become a big business in their own right. And, these days hardly a week passes without another blockchain and cryptocurrency event in the ecosphere. How everyone copes with the plethora of industry forums is any guess.
I sometimes wonder whether the events are actually held for the actual benefit of the attendees or the conference organisers, given the tariff charged delegates to attend. That aside, they are a good way to hear the latest from the movers and shakers in the space, network, share ideas and sound out potential business partners. And, more business may in fact be done on the side lines of these events. So, perhaps I should not be too hard on them.
In fact, just this July I attended the CoinAgenda Europe (2018) conference at the Westin Hotel in St Julian’s, Malta, where delegates heard Joseph Muscat, the Prime Minister of Malta, make a Keynote speech in the wake of three new bills being passed by the Maltese Parliament for blockchain, cryptocurrency and digital assets.
He was among a whole host of Keynote speakers, panel debates, fire-side chats and Initial Coin Offering (ICO) presentations that had been organized by CoinAgenda - with this Maltese event being the second in Europe and ninth overall in the series. (Note: The next one will be held in Las Vegas around the ‘Money 2020’ event later this year).
In addition, delegates heard an engaging presentation from Simon Dixon, CEO and co-founder BnkToTheFuture, a global online investment platform that has invested over £415 million (c.$540 million) in fintech companies and funds on behalf of investors, who posited that “Bitcoin has the best shot at sound money.”
And, much food for thought was provided in a legal update on cryptocurrency regulation around the globe by Malcolm Tan, Chairman of Gravitas Holdings Singapore, who has advised a number of companies intending to ICO/ITO in Singapore.
In relation to China, Tan suggested that we could see some “regulatory clarity” in that jurisdiction during the first quarter of 2019 around cryptocurrencies and ICOs. How that could pan out will be interesting, should it come to pass.
Interestingly, whenever a CoinAgenda event has been convened the price of Bitcoin has always risen between the opening and closing day. Indeed, on the last day of the conference in Malta - Tuesday, July 17 - the price shot up some 10% (c.+$700). Now that came out of the blue, but was perhaps a sign of things to come - unless some ramping was going on.
So, you could say that the rise in the Bitcoin during CoinAgenda’s justified the investment in the airfare and the ticket price, assuming you held the cryptocurrency in the first place.
Institutional Investors
The feeling that institutional investors may finally be ready to jump aboard the cryptocurrency bandwagon comes just prior to the well-attended ChainXChange conference, which is set to take place at the Mandalay Bay Convention Centre in Las Vegas in two weeks’ time.
“The recovery of the crypto market back to $300 billion is evidence that markets are recognizing that dynamic growth and development is alive and well in blockchain,” said Tom Lee, managing partner and head of research at Fundstrat Global Advisors, an independent research boutique based in New York that provides market strategy and sector research.
A former chief equity strategist at JP Morgan from 2007 to 2014, whose areas of expertise include market strategy, small/mid-cap strategy and telecom services, added: “Ultimately, we see a lot of potential for crypto-currencies and digital assets to ultimately become a part of every person’s daily life.  And, conferences such as the upcoming ChainXChange are a great way for the community and seekers to keep up with developments.”
As well as a number of main stage guest speakers and seminars, next month’s ChainXChange will provide an opportunity for participants to converge in small groups to discuss the impact of blockchain and help steer future direction and promote consumer and business adoption of the technology. The first day, for example, sees a blockchain boot camp and an evening kicked off by top Wired and Wall Street Journal editors and venture capital (VC) panels.
The list of guest speakers spans a number of popular personalities, including Steve Wozniak, Apple co-founder, Nicholas Thompson, Wired Magazine editor-in-chief, and Paul Krugman, Nobel Prize-winning economist.
Bitcoin’s Future &amp; Elliott Waves Prediction
As to where Bitcoin and other leading cryptocurrencies could be headed going forward, Siim Ounap, an Estonian FX and crypto trader and COO of Savii Digital blockchain marketing agency, said: “Crypto markets are definitely showing good signs of growth, which is long expected by any investor or trader. It is difficult to predict what is exactly going to happen, but with many huge corporations such as Microsoft now accepting cryptocurrencies as payment, and banks getting ready by filing many collecting blockchain-related patents, we can safely presume that cryptocurrencies are about to go even bigger, and along with it their prices.”
Elsewhere, Maksim Balashevich, CEO and founder of Santiment, a firm providing insights into the crypto markets for traders and investors of any level, is predicting that there could be a significant uptick again in Bitcoin’s price going forward. This view is based on the Elliott Waves theory, a form of technical analysis used by traders to analyze financial market cycles and forecast market trends by identifying extremes in investor psychology, highs and lows in prices and other factors.
“We have likely made the top of the wave 3 back in January [2018],” said Balashevich. “And, the bottom for the wave 4 was likely around a month ago. Now we are in the fifth wave, which should us bring to somewhere between $25,000 and $50,000.”
It is certainly a bold prediction and everyone in this market has their own  axe to grind. But remember it was Balashevich who correctly predicted the boom in the cryptocurrency market last year and which I wrote about on Forbes. Nevertheless, caveat emptor still holds. That is, unless one wants to throw caution to the wind.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-18 13:01:37
**Billionaire Marc Lasry sees bitcoin reaching up to $40,000 as it becomes more mainstream and easier to trade**
The price of bitcoin could reach up to $40,000 as it becomes more mainstream and easier to trade, billionaire investor Marc Lasry told CNBC on Wednesday.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-25 01:07:04
**The Next Big Bitcoin Price Boost Could Be Just Around The Corner**
It's been a great couple of weeks for the bitcoin price, with the world's largest cryptocurrency adding almost 20% to its value in just the last seven days and taking its market capitalisation to $131 billion.
The latest bitcoin bull run has been brought on by a raft of good regulatory news from countries around the world and signals institutional money is eyeing bitcoin as a way to cut costs and make returns for investors.
Now the next big bitcoin price boost could come as soon as next month, potentially powering bitcoin above the $10,000 mark and beyond (despite a worrying warning over bitcoin's future from the European Union last week).
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is currently weighing whether to approve a bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF), a request filed through the Chicago Board of Exchange (CBOE) by New York-based VanEck and blockchain platform SolidX.
If approved a bitcoin ETF would mean people are able to buy into bitcoin without having to deal with clunky exchanges that often struggle with cumbersome regulation and lack of public trust.
Some are expecting a bitcoin ETF to reverse the recent bitcoin price downward trend — with the most bullish hoping it could power the bitcoin price to far above last December's near $20,000 highs.
However, a proposal for a bitcoin ETF, made by the Winklevoss twins of Facebook-founding fame and the Gemini exchange platform, was rejected by the SEC last year due to bitcoin's volatility.
Bitcoin's volatily has improved somewhat since last year, though remains far above the vast majority of other commodities and currencies, though interest from established financial institutions has helped the cryptocurrency improve its image.
Bitcoin could get ETF approval as early as August 15 2018, with comments submitted to the SEC earlier this month as part of its consultation overwhelmingly positive. Just six of those who issued comment opposed the bitcoin ETF proposal.
The majority of the comments suggested the U.S. needed to adopt and respond to bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies if it hopes to stay at the forefront of bitcoin and blockchain technology.
Many countries in Asia are hoping to cement their status as tech hubs by nurturing bitcoin and blockchain.
Currently the U.S. hosts far more financial technology companies than any other country in the world, but this could change quickly if regulators don't keep up with the latest technological advances.
However, those arguing against a bitcoin ETF are concerned it could lead to price manipulation.
In May the U.S. Justice Department opened a criminal probe into whether traders are manipulating the price of bitcoin and other digital currencies.
The investigation is focused on illegal practices that can influence prices — such as spoofing, or flooding the market with fake orders to trick other traders into buying or selling.
Meanwhile, last month it was found by researchers from the University of Texas at Austin the U.S. dollar-pegged digital currency tether was used to support bitcoin's price during market downturns.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-30 03:33:08
**The Next Big Bitcoin Price Boost Could Be Just Around The Corner**
It's been a great couple of weeks for the bitcoin price, with the world's largest cryptocurrency adding almost 20% to its value in just the last seven days and taking its market capitalisation to $131 billion.
The latest bitcoin bull run has been brought on by a raft of good regulatory news from countries around the world and signals institutional money is eyeing bitcoin as a way to cut costs and make returns for investors.
Now the next big bitcoin price boost could come as soon as next month, potentially powering bitcoin above the $10,000 mark and beyond (despite a worrying warning over bitcoin's future from the European Union last week).
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is currently weighing whether to approve a bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF), a request filed through the Chicago Board of Exchange (CBOE) by New York-based VanEck and blockchain platform SolidX.
If approved a bitcoin ETF would mean people are able to buy into bitcoin without having to deal with clunky exchanges that often struggle with cumbersome regulation and lack of public trust.
Some are expecting a bitcoin ETF to reverse the recent bitcoin price downward trend — with the most bullish hoping it could power the bitcoin price to far above last December's near $20,000 highs.
However, a proposal for a bitcoin ETF, made by the Winklevoss twins of Facebook-founding fame and the Gemini exchange platform, was rejected by the SEC last year due to bitcoin's volatility.
Bitcoin's volatily has improved somewhat since last year, though remains far above the vast majority of other commodities and currencies, though interest from established financial institutions has helped the cryptocurrency improve its image.
Bitcoin could get ETF approval as early as August 15 2018, with comments submitted to the SEC earlier this month as part of its consultation overwhelmingly positive. Just six of those who issued comment opposed the bitcoin ETF proposal.
The majority of the comments suggested the U.S. needed to adopt and respond to bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies if it hopes to stay at the forefront of bitcoin and blockchain technology.
Many countries in Asia are hoping to cement their status as tech hubs by nurturing bitcoin and blockchain.
Currently the U.S. hosts far more financial technology companies than any other country in the world, but this could change quickly if regulators don't keep up with the latest technological advances.
However, those arguing against a bitcoin ETF are concerned it could lead to price manipulation.
In May the U.S. Justice Department opened a criminal probe into whether traders are manipulating the price of bitcoin and other digital currencies.
The investigation is focused on illegal practices that can influence prices — such as spoofing, or flooding the market with fake orders to trick other traders into buying or selling.
Meanwhile, last month it was found by researchers from the University of Texas at Austin the U.S. dollar-pegged digital currency tether was used to support bitcoin's price during market downturns.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-17 23:08:10
**The Bitcoin Price Is Up 10% In 24 Hours To Over $7,000  --  What's Pushing It Up?**
The bitcoin price has just jumped over the $7,000 mark for the first time in over a month following an incredible week for bitcoin developments.
The price has risen almost 10% in just one hour following a raft of positive news for bitcoin and cryptocurrencies. Elsewhere, other coins ether, ripple, lite coin, and bitcoin cash have all added between 5% and 10% over the last 24 hours, according to CoinMarketCap data.
As a result of the near $600 price jump, bitcoin added some $9 billion to its market cap in a matter of minutes.
Today saw the appointment of David Solomon as the new chief executive of US investment bank Goldman Sachs, who's currently the firm's current chief operating officer. Last month Soloman said Goldman is looking in to adding further bitcoin and cryptocurrency services.
He will take over from current Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein in October.
Many bitcoin faithful are hoping that as the mainstream financial services industry bets on bitcoin, the price will rise back to levels last seen in December last year — and possibly higher.
Here are some of the other things that have been pushing up the price of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in recent days.
BlackRock's interested in bitcoin and crypto
The world's biggest asset manager BlackRock has set up a working group to investigate ways it can take advantage of the fast-growing bitcoin and cryptocurrency market.
"BlackRock exploring crypto assets comes as no surprise and is definitely a positive development for the crypto market. As the largest asset manager in the world, its interest in crypto assets could be a catalyst for upward price movement and encourage other asset managers, even with more conservative strategies, to seriously explore investing in the crypto space," said Chris Yoo, portfolio manager at Black Square Capital.
Larry Fink, the chairman and CEO of BlackRock, has previously railed against bitcoin, calling it an "index of money laundering."
London’s Financial News first reported the story and Fink later confirmed the report in an interview with Reuters.
Fink told Bloomberg:
FSB backs bitcoin
International financial watchdog, the Financial Stability Board (FSB), yesterday released a report that found bitcoin and cryptocurrencies do not currently pose a material risk to the global financial system.
According to a report published by the watchdog, cryptocurrencies "do not pose a material risk to global financial stability at this time."
Meanwhile, the FSB — which has members from the G20 major economies, the European Commission — said it planned to monitor cryptocurrency assets at banks and the world's largest financial systems.
Steven Cohen invests in crypto hedge fund
Billionaire Steven Cohen, the founder of Point72 Asset Management, is reportedly getting on the bitcoin bandwagon with an investment in crypto hedge fund Autonomous Partners.
Cohen would be investing in the crypto hedge fund through his private investment vehicle, Cohen Private Ventures, it was reported by Fortune last week.
Autonomous Partners launched in December and is led by early cryptocurrency investor Arianna Simpson.
The fund boasts funding in the low eight digits from investors such as Coinbase CEO Brian Armstrong, Union Square Ventures, and Craft Ventures.
“I’ve only brought on partners that I think can be very much value-add beyond their capital,” Simpson told Fortune.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-31 18:37:41
**Why Apple probably won't be caught in the FANG meltdown**
Apple will report its fiscal third-quarter earnings after the bell Tuesday, as tech stocks continue to tank throughout a rocky earnings season.
Here's what Wall Street is expecting from Apple:
Earnings per share: $2.18, according to a Thomson Reuters estimate
Revenue: $52.34 billion, according to a Thomson Reuters estimate
iPhone unit sales: 41.79 million, according to a Factset estimate
Tech stocks have taken a hit this earnings season after misses from Facebook, Twitter, and Netflix. But thanks to its wildly profitable hardware business that's fueled by the iPhone, Apple stands apart from the FANG stocks, which are consumer online services: Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google's parent company Alphabet.
For the iPhone business, investors will be looking for hints as to how well the iPhone X has been selling. The iPhone X, which starts at $999, is much more expensive that other high-end phones from rivals like Samsung and Google. Apple said following its fiscal second-quarter earnings report last spring that the iPhone X was its best-selling model, which has helped drive up the average selling price (ASP) of the category. But the iPhone ASP that quarter came in below Wall Street's expectations, suggesting that the iPhone X's high price turned away some potential buyers.
Apple's guidance could also provide clues for when the company plans to sell its new iPhone models in the fall, and how much those models will cost. Investors often look for a bump in revenue guidance as a hint that new iPhones will go on sale around mid-September each year.
Besides the iPhone, many will be looking at Apple's "Other Products" category, which includes accessories like the Apple Watch, AirPods wireless headphones and HomePod speaker. President Donald Trump's tariffs on products from China could raise prices on those gadgets, damaging the growth in an important product category as iPhone sales growth slows.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-18 14:29:38
**Hedge fund billionaire Griffin knocks bitcoin, says not a single one of his managers has wanted to buy it**
Citadel's Ken Griffin spoke at the Delivering Alpha Conference in New York on Wednesday.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-17 22:58:09
**Top 10 New Blockchain Companies To Watch For In 2018**
Almost every list I've read that aims to share information about the top crypto and/or blockchain companies to keep an eye out for, almost always includes Bitcoin and Ether. There's only one problem with this--these aren't new and most people know or should know about these. Therefore, these lists aren't providing really anything new. There are so many ventures out there that are worth exploring beyond Bitcoin and Ether. So, I wanted to dive in and come up with a new, refreshing list.
The global blockchain market is anticipated to grow to over $60 billion by 2024 as more companies adopt distributed ledger technology and mass-use cases appear. Very much still in the infancy stage, blockchain technology is currently being explored and adopted by global industry titans such as IBM and Softbank.
Additionally, thousands of innovative companies around the world are trying to solve market inefficiencies by leveraging the benefits that blockchain technology provides. These companies can be found in every industry, from content creation and transportation to financial services.
The blockchain ecosystem flourishes due to tokenized economies, developers, service providers and entrepreneurs who are breaking the mold. Here are 10 companies on my radar using blockchain technology as a core piece of their business to make a difference.
No, it's not the kind that quenches your thirst. Well, maybe your thirst for crypto! PATRON is one of Japan’s leading blockchain companies. They are currently building a decentralized influencer-marketing platform to eliminate inefficiencies in branded content and social media. The company is fresh off a $40 million token-sale raise and is currently expanding operations to the United States. Started by influencer, Atsushi Hisatsumi, PATRON has gained international attention for its strategic partnerships and its strong advisory board of blockchain experts and industry leaders.
TraDove is developing a light, fast and trustable B2B blockchain payment network for international transactions. The company finalized one of the top ICOs in 2018. It launched the world’s first B2B token, BBC, opening up corporate demand for cryptocurrencies for sales and marketing, a $76 billion market. TraDove’s B2B social network connects corporate buyers and sellers with faster discovery and better transparency. The company was founded by entrepreneurs from MIT, LinkedIn, Facebook, Amazon and Alibaba.
Celsius is banking on the blockchain. Its borrowing and lending platform will allow users to earn up to 5% interest on their crypto while taking loans at 9% interest, using their crypto as collateral. Celsius Network’s goal is to bring the next 100 million people into crypto, ultimately becoming the first killer app in the space. Risky or not, this is one to keep an eye on. This FinTech startup is primed to disrupt traditional banking.
Menlo One is a framework for building decentralized applications with the speed of a traditional web app. Their proof-of-reputation algorithm is an innovation for DApps, as is the speedy, decentralized database and cross-chain nodes at the center of its tech. Led by TED fellow, Matthew Nolan, a successful entrepreneur and blockchain developer who worked on Ethereum voting mechanisms after the 2016 DAO hack, Menlo One has solid credentials and their ICO is a must watch.
Gameflip is an online marketplace backed by Silicon Valley venture capital. It allows gamers to transact any type of digital goods, and currently has 3 million members. After successfully hitting its token-sale hard cap, the FLP utility token can now be used to transact digital goods within the Gameflip marketplace. In the coming months, pilot program partners and publishers will begin integrating the Gameflip SDK, which will enable the transactions of approved in-game goods via the Blockchain.
Buddy is an app store for developers, by developers. Their vision is to become the backbone on which talented programmers can build world-altering blockchain technology and off-chain apps and services. Their goal is to take the load off millions of developers by removing everything that can be automated, and in the process giving them back the time to be creative. Buddy has a presence in the cloud marketplaces of Amazon, Google and Github, boasting an impressive list of customers and partners.
The ADBIT token will be the core function of CIINCH Media Marketplace, the world’s first blockchain-powered media planning and buying platform for traditional media (print, TV, radio and out-of-home) assets. CIINCH and ADBIT were created to help automate the multiple layers of manual processes that currently plague the industry. Traditional media has failed to innovate and adapt to the current state of our age. Highly fragmented and operating on legacy software developed in the 1990's, ADBIT and CIINCH aim to bring these processes into the present.
DACC is the world’s first content-based blockchain that features identity and access management (IAM) at the infrastructure level. This will revolutionize the digital content and media industries, as it offers users full control over content creation, access and storage. The project’s core team members hail from prestigious institutions such as MIT and Harvard, and early partners include TRON, Consensus Capital, D Fund, Crypto Capital, Block VC, Kim’s Capital, FBG Capital and the Roark Fund.
Goldilock is aiming to change the way data is stored and secured across the internet. Its innovations allow for individuals and institutions to secure digital assets in storage that are physically disconnected from the internet until the moment users want to connect it for its intended purpose. The backbone of the Goldilock Security Suite is a patent-pending, remotely activated airgap security solution that is toggled by a non-IP command. This will enable a robust cryptocurrency key custody and storage of sensitive digital assets.
Founded by Zhang Jian, former CTO of Huobi, FCoin is a decentralized and fully transparent cryptocurrency exchange based in China. FCoin is unique, as it is based on a mining and profit-sharing mechanism that will return up to 80% to the community. Launched in May, FCoin recently garnered significant media coverage for a massive uptrend in volume at over $17 billion daily. FCoin has now officially gone to market and is looking to overtake some of the leading cryptocurrency exchanges in the world.
Blockchain technology truly is worthy of the cliche label “disruptive” that is highly overused in the tech community. Cryptocurrencies are going mainstream. But, it’s not only the tech startups embracing the technological innovations. In addition to companies like Softbank and IBM, blue chip brands such as SAP, BP, Samsung, and shipping giant, Maersk, are also exploring decentralized ledger systems and new blockchain technologies.
While these 10 new blockchain companies are worth watching, only time will tell which ones will end up succeeding in the end. Keep your eyes peeled.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-18 14:26:10
**Bitcoin FOMO Is Back on Track**
If there is anything worth talking about today, it surely is the crypto space. Bitcoin has crossed the $7K and it is trading near $7,500. Year to date, we are still down by -47.85% but the $600 move in sixty minutes (yesterday) for Bitcoin was a remarkable one. The  sellers in the OTC market are holding off their Bitcoin as they believe that the price is going to go high . On the other hand, buyers are eager to find sellers so that they can buy low and sell high.
The question is what has instigated this move?
As I said yesterday, the suppressive bear market conditions are fading and with yesterday’s move (especially if the momentum continues at this pace), it will be only a matter of time before the bear market is forgotten altogether. Remember, the FOMO (fear of missing out) element for Bitcoin is very strong and it drives the trading action aggressively. Regulatory space is becoming more digestible for cryptos, countries like Japan which has shown a much tougher attitude towards cryptos in the past are becoming friendlier. For instance, the fact that SBI, a major financial firm in Japan, opened its crypto exchange for traders says it all.
But to narrow down the focus on a specific event which triggered this move I would go for Blackrock. The world’s largest exchange-traded fund provider and asset manager is also thinking in venturing into the world of cryptos. When Goldman Sachs announced its crypto trading desk, we did see that their competitors were not going to be reticent. Of course, these bigger institutions have not had the chance to enjoy crypto parties yet and now they are on it. Although, the CEO of Blackrock didn’t fully back the rumours after the report, it absolutely makes sense that the world’s largest asset manager,  Blackrock would dive into the crypto world because now we are at a stage where one can use various techniques to form valuations on cryptocurrencies.
Another event which is worth keeping an eye on today is the Congress discussion on cryptos. The House Committee on Agriculture and Financial Policy Subcommittee both will discuss the digital assets and cryptocurrencies as money. Any positive stance towards cryptos would have the potential to fuel the crypto rally further.
In terms of technical analysis, the next major resistance for Bitcoin is $7,749, the high of 7th of June. On a daily timeframe, the price is having a battle with its 100-day moving average which is at $7,495. The 200-day moving average is trading at $9,575 which would serve as the next resistance. Of course, the price would have to clear the psychological level of $8,000 first before targeting the 200-day moving average.
In terms of volume, it has reached a 3-month high as the price has taken out the $7K mark. This tells me that the current move is here to stay because of serious conviction behind it.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-30 03:34:13
**Pakistan's Looming Economic Crisis Will Push People Toward Bitcoin**
Earlier this year Pakistan banned the country's banks from working with bitcoin and cryptocurrencies. While this resulted in the country's first bitcoin exchange Urdubit shutting down, people have continued to use cryptocurrencies.
There are currently 57 people in Pakistan buying and selling bitcoin, according to trading platform LocalBitcoins.
Now a coming economic crisis will mean people in Pakistan are pushed away from fiat currency and the local rupee, and towards alternative options — including bitcoin and cryptocurrencies.
Former cricketer Imran Khan has declared victory for his Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party and he will now almost certainly become the country's prime minister.
At the top of Khan's to-do-list is managing Pakistan's struggling economy. The rupee has repeatedly fallen against the dollar this year and foreign currency reserves are running low.
“Whichever party wins Pakistan’s upcoming general election will take over an economy on the brink of a balance of payments crisis. Growth is likely to slow sharply regardless of who wins Wednesday’s election,” Gareth Leather, senior Asia economist at Capital Economics, told Market Watch.
Many analysts are forecasting that Pakistan could need to turn once again to the International Monetary Fund for another bailout.
Meanwhile, the country is imposing rules on those wishing to get money out of the country.
Earlier this week Pakistan’s central bank increased the amount of red tape needed to access dollars, according to a Bloomberg report.
Similar, though far more stringent, moves pushed people in Iran towards bitcoin earlier this year as a way of moving money out of the country.
"People are turning to cryptocurrency as an investment, but slower than the western world as the literacy rate is lower here and its a totally new phenomenon for them," said Abu Shaheer, the founder of Pakistan-based cryptocurrency Pakcoin.
"Some are using it as alternative means of payments," Shaheer added. "Most people using cryptocurrencies are day or short-term traders finding investment opportunities in crypto and are growing in number."
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-26 13:19:36
**Pakistan's Looming Economic Crisis Will Push People Toward Bitcoin**
Earlier this year Pakistan banned the country's banks from working with bitcoin and cryptocurrencies. While this resulted in the country's first bitcoin exchange Urdubit shutting down, people have continued to use cryptocurrencies.
There are currently 57 people in Pakistan buying and selling bitcoin, according to trading platform LocalBitcoins.
Now a coming economic crisis will mean people in Pakistan are pushed away from fiat currency and the local rupee, and towards alternative options — including bitcoin and cryptocurrencies.
Former cricketer Imran Khan has declared victory for his Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party and he will now almost certainly become the country's prime minister.
At the top of Khan's to-do-list is managing Pakistan's struggling economy. The rupee has repeatedly fallen against the dollar this year and foreign currency reserves are running low.
“Whichever party wins Pakistan’s upcoming general election will take over an economy on the brink of a balance of payments crisis. Growth is likely to slow sharply regardless of who wins Wednesday’s election,” Gareth Leather, senior Asia economist at Capital Economics, told Market Watch.
Many analysts are forecasting that Pakistan could need to turn once again to the International Monetary Fund for another bailout.
Meanwhile, the country is imposing rules on those wishing to get money out of the country.
Earlier this week Pakistan’s central bank increased the amount of red tape needed to access dollars, according to a Bloomberg report.
Similar, though far more stringent, moves pushed people in Iran towards bitcoin earlier this year as a way of moving money out of the country.
"People are turning to cryptocurrency as an investment, but slower than the western world as the literacy rate is lower here and its a totally new phenomenon for them," said Abu Shaheer, the founder of Pakistan-based cryptocurrency Pakcoin.
"Some are using it as alternative means of payments," Shaheer added. "Most people using cryptocurrencies are day or short-term traders finding investment opportunities in crypto and are growing in number."
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-28 03:41:07
**SEC Commissioner: Bitcoin Is Regulated And Mature Enough To Have An ETF**
On July 26, the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) officially rejected the Bitcoin exchange-traded fund (ETF) application filed by the Winklevoss twins, citing lack of measures in the ETF to prevent price manipulation.
The official SEC announcement read:
“The Commission addresses each of these arguments below. In Section III.B, the Commission addresses BZX’s assertion that bitcoin and bitcoin markets, including the Gemini Exchange, are uniquely resistant to manipulation and finds that the record before the Commission does not support such a conclusion.”
The SEC further emphasized that the proposed ETF by the Winklevoss twins, who oversee a major US crypto exchange known as Gemini, does not have sufficient tools to identify and deter fraud and manipulation that could impose a negative impact on the price movement of Bitcoin.
Almost immediately after the release of the SEC’s statement, SEC commissioner Hester Peirce expressed her disappointment with the decision of the agency to reject the bitcoin ETF filed by the Winklevoss twins, noting that Bitcoin, as an asset, is regulated and matured enough to be worthy of US markets.
“Apparently, bitcoin is not ripe enough, respectable enough, or regulated enough to be worthy of our markets,” Peirce said in a personal statement, referring to an official public statement she published to refute the disapproval of the Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF.
Peirce added that the premature decision of the SEC undermined investor protection by dismissing the institutionalization of the Bitcoin market, which has seen an increase of adoption by regulated financial institutions such as Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley over the past several months.
Despite the optimistic comments of SEC commissioner Peirce, the price of Bitcoin dropped by more than 4% within a one-hour period, from $8,315 to $7,930, heavily affected by the rejection of the Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF.
Over the past week, Bitcoin and the rest of the cryptocurrency market had experienced a strong rally supported by a spike in volume. Within two days, between July 25 and 26, the volume of Bitcoin surged from $3 billion to $6.3 billion according to the market data provided by CryptoCompare, suggesting an increase in demand from investors in the public market towards Bitcoin.
Analysts have generally attributed the climb of the Bitcoin price to the anticipation around the approval of the Bitcoin ETF filed by the Chicago Board Options Exchange (Cboe), but the disapproval of the Winklevoss Bitcoin ETF has led a portion of the cryptocurrency community to reevaluate the probability of the approval of the Cboe ETF.
In its statement, the SEC emphasized that the commission disapproved the filing of the Winklevoss twins because their ETF was not able to meet the requirements of the SEC, and it had an issue with the involvement of Gemini in the process of establishing the value of the Bitcoin ETF.
Hence is possible, given the enthusiastic stance projected by commissioner Peirce, that the Cboe ETF will get approved in the near future, especially if it successfully covers the issues the SEC had with previous Bitcoin ETFs.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-26 11:39:45
**Here’s everything crypto evangelist Tom Lee has said about bitcoin over the last 12 months**
Tom Lee is known as one of Wall Street’s biggest bitcoin optimists.
As the cryptocurrency hovered around $3,500 in September 2017, he predicted that bitcoin would be "your best investment until the end of the year." That was three months before bitcoin rocketed above $19,000.
The Fundstrat Global Advisors co-founder has stood by his bullish calls on the digital currency even as bitcoin fell more than 60 percent from its highs to below $6,000 in June. And now bitcoin is rallying. The digital currency crossed $8,300 on Tuesday, according to the Coinbase exchange.
"We still believe it's possible to reach 25,000 by year end," Lee told CNBC in an email on Tuesday.
Here's a look at his calls on bitcoin from the past 12 months.
	var mps=mps||{}; mps._queue=mps._queue||{}; mps._queue.gptloaded=mps._queue.gptloaded||[];
	mps._queue.gptloaded.push(function() {
	  (mps &amp;&amp; mps.insertAd &amp;&amp; mps.insertAd(' 'responsiverectangle'));	
	});
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-30 03:24:02
**3 Things That Make $6,000 A Key Price For Bitcoin Trading**
Since Bitcoin prices flirted with $20,000 at the end of the last year, there have been several corrections that have taken it below key support levels. But there’s one support level that seems to be holding well: $6,000.
There are three explanations for that.
One of them is technical. $6,000 represents a 70% decline from Bitcoin’s high of $20,000 in December 2017,” says Ben Marks, CEO and founder of  Blocktrade Capital. “Of the nine previous Bitcoin corrections that have ever occurred, the average retracement is 64%, and if you only look at corrections lasting longer than 50 days, the average retracement is 76%. Thus the 70% decline that $6,000 represents is right in line with historical figures.”
Then there’s psychology. “I believe that when the Bitcoin price dips below $6,000 and into the $5,000 range it triggers something in traders and developers that spurs them into action and gets them collaboratively doing whatever is necessary not to let the price fall below $5,000," adds Marks.
Chris Kline, cofounder and COO of Bitcoin IRA, agrees. “In my opinion, it’s not the $6,000 price that is critical. What’s critical is that Bitcoin remains stable within that price range. And it has: Bitcoin has held steady in the $6,000+ dollar range over the past few weeks.”
And there are fundamentals. Like the cost of resources that are being used to maintain and verify a cryptoasset, which determine the “intrinsic value.”
“The ‘iron’ price of Bitcoin is about $6,000 because the average hard cost of mining Bitcoin is just under $5,000 - with highs exceeding $15,000 in some countries, and a low of just over $500 in Venezuela,” says Shidan Gouran, CEO and president of Global Blockchain Technologies. “The reason it hasn't dropped to the hard cost just yet is likely due to a combination of continued price speculation - and a premium over the 'spot' price, which is common in the trade of commodities."
For example, says Gouran, retail purchasers of gold will often pay up to 5% more than its spot price. “Of course, Bitcoin is much more volatile than gold, so it's entirely plausible that the effects of speculation and spot price premiums can cause Bitcoin to have a value above its hard cost, bringing us to the $6,000 value that has been relatively consistent since June.”
To get a better insight into Bitcoin’s value, my student Greg Giordano and I ran estimates of Haye’s econometric model. We found that Bitcoin’s current intrinsic value is $7608.48, not too far from the $6,000 level.
Still, econometric estimates are subject to all sorts of theoretical and empirical limitations.
That’s why their findings should be interpreted with extreme caution.
[Ed. note: Investing in cryptocoins or tokens is highly speculative and the market is largely unregulated. Anyone considering it should be prepared to lose their entire investment. Disclosure: I don't own any Bitcoin. Greg Giordano owns Bitcoins]
Be among the first to know the most important crypto news and information with Forbes Crypto Confidential, a free weekly eletter. Sign up now.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-31 19:00:33
**The Top 10 Bitcoin Cities In The World**
They say crypto is borderless. And when you trade Bitcoin or receive some as payment for a job you completed, it is.
But what if you want to spend Bitcoin in person? As BTC, and other currencies like Ethereum or Litecoin, begin to take off some parts of the world are embracing crypto more than others.
While tech hubs like San Francisco or Seoul are obvious hotspots, there’s unexpected crypto-cities popping up like Prague, Tel Aviv, Buenos Aires or Bangkok.
In order to find Bitcoin hotspots around the world, I used Coinmap on July 24, 2018. I recorded the number of BTC-vendors listed in city and did not include corresponding suburbs. In theory, this puts cities with urban sprawl at a disadvantage but I didn’t want human error to skew the data, as I am more familiar with North American cities like New York or Los Angeles and would be more inclined to include their suburbs rather than Tokyo's. It also bears mentioning that CoinMap relies on crowdsourcing to list all BTC-accepting vendors.
Without further ado, these are top ten Bitcoin hotspots from around the world, as well as some takeaways about where, and how, Bitcoin use is spreading.
The Biggest Bitcoin Hotspots in the World
Prague, the Czech Republic boasts the most Bitcoin-accepting vendors in the world. One crypto nomad spent the summer there in 2017 just because of all the BTC-accepting vendors. The country has a high density of businesses in rural areas as well, with Žatec home to over 50 BTC-accepting businesses.
Buenos Aires in Argentina boasted the second most Bitcoin businesses in the world. South America in general is a Bitcoin-heavy continent, with cities like Bogotá, Colombia; Caracas, Venezula; and São Paulo, Brazil featuring over 30 BTC-accepting businesses.
Third on the list of best bitcoin cities is San Francisco with over 100 BTC-accepting businesses. When Felix Weis visited the American city during his 18-month Bitcoin-only challenge he said it was almost too easy to spend only crypto there. It certainly seems to have come a long way since 2013, when former Forbes staffer and now journalist at Gizmodo Media Kashmir Hill spent a week spending only BTC.
Rounding out the top five was Madrid, Spain and New York City, the United States. Amsterdam, the Netherlands claimed the sixth spot, while Bogotá, Colombia trailed at number seven. Vancouver, Canada came in eighth, follow by London, the United Kingdom and then Paris, France.
Regions like the Middle East, Africa and Asia were noticeable absent from the top ten, although many crypto nomads report spending time in South East Asian countries like Thailand and Indonesia. Tel Aviv, Israel also boasts burgeoning BTC-use, as well as Capetown, South Africa; Melbourne, Australia; and Sydney, Australia.
The Urban-Rural Divide of BTC
One interesting takeaway is that  Bitcoin hotspots are not necessarily all urban . Some countries with overall high densities of crypto businesses like Brazil, Thailand or the United Kingdom boast similar frequencies of BTC-accepting vendors in small towns or regions as in capital cities. For example, Arnhem, The Netherlands boasts over 80 BTC-accepting businesses, while Amsterdam only has 43.
The Rise of Crypto Business Hubs
Governments around the world are having varied reactions to Bitcoin. On one hand, international business hubs like Switzerland and Singapore have opened their arms to crypto, but where the local government is unsupportive, it follows that there are fewer BTC-vendors.
Some countries, like China, initially embraced cryptocurrency only to shut down exchanges later on, meaning that cities like Beijing barely rank in terms of BTC-accepting businesses. Gulf countries like the United Arab Emirates or Saudi Arabia have been hesitant about adopting crypto and are noticeably absent from the world map.
When Bitcoin Offers A Break From Inflation
One of the most interesting trends in international Bitcoin use is how the currency is used globally to shore up inflation. Citizens in countries like Argentina, Venezuela and Zimbabwe are adopting Bitcoin as the currency offers more protection against inflation then fiat.
Laura Shin, former Forbes staffer and host of two crypto podcasts, discussed this point recently on her Unconfirmed podcast with Alex Gladstein who said that 8% of the world’s bitcoin transactions were occurring in Venezuela. Shin confirmed that statistic and pointed out that “Venezuela does not have 8% of the world’s population.”
“Americans say I don’t see the point [in crypto],” said Shin. But when the journalist speaks with people from countries where the fiat currency is not stable, she says they really see the usefulness.
No matter why a country is adopting Bitcoin, one only needs to look at our graphic (or CoinMap) to see that it is truly global.
“We always sold international flights but our clients skewed more towards Americans," said Jeff Klee, CEO of CheapAir, a booking website that began offering crypto payment options in 2013. To date, they've sold over $15 million in flights and hotels with Bitcoin, and now also accept Litecoin and Dash payments. " Once we [accepted] Bitcoin, people from all different countries have become interested in us .”
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-17 10:10:42
**International Finance Watchdog In Surprise Bitcoin Backing As It Reveals Crypto Stocktake**
International financial watchdog, the Financial Stability Board (FSB), has released a report that found bitcoin and cryptocurrencies do not currently pose a material risk to the global financial system.
According to a report published by the watchdog, cryptocurrencies "do not pose a material risk to global financial stability at this time."
Meanwhile, the FSB — which has members from the G20 major economies, the European Commission — said it planned to monitor cryptocurrency assets at banks and the world's largest financial systems.
The report also revealed the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) — which is part of the FSB — is gathering data on its member banks' direct and indirect exposure to cryptocurrency in an effort to quantify the potential impact of the technology.
The FSB, which is headed by Bank of England governor and bitcoin and crypto sceptic Mark Carney, earlier this year delivered a letter to the G20 finance ministers and central bank governors declaring that bitcoin does not post a "systemic risk" to the global financial system but has now doubled down on its earlier recommendation.
Earlier this year Carney warned bitcoin could be heading for a "pretty brutal reckoning," saying cryptocurrencies have "all the hallmarks of a bubble."
Carney said that bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies were "failing" in their key objectives and called for regulation of the space.
However, bitcoin and cryptocurrency were handed support from researchers at Imperial College London last week, who said digital currencies are primed for mass adoption.
The FSB report signals a move towards a global standard on bitcoin and cryptocurrnecy regualtion — something many digital currency companies have been calling for in recent years.
According to its report, the FSB will "help to identify and mitigate risks to consumer and investor protection, market integrity, and potentially to financial stability".
The bitcoin price, which has been struggling in recent months following its huge bull run last year, jumped on the release of the report yesterday.
Meanwhile, the bitcoin price was given further support yesterday by the news that BlackRock, the world’s biggest asset management company, is looking to invest in the cryptocurrency.
Larry Fink, the chairman and CEO at BlackRock told Bloomberg:
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-31 12:45:33
**The demise of bitcoin has been greatly exaggerated **
Bitcoin, the first cryptocurrency, is completely different from anything that preceded it. Bitcoin is quite real, and it’s likely here to stay.
Bitcoin defies traditional currency and economic models, so it’s ironic that these models are being used to support predictions of its ultimate demise. This makes as much sense as it would have at the turn of the 20th century to use the concept of the horse-drawn carriage to assess the first automobiles. Predictions of bitcoin’s extinction fail to consider the reasons bitcoin was created and the transactional problems it actually solves.
Perhaps less surprising is that predictions of bitcoin’s demise fail to account for technological factors. Bitcoin is, after all, technology, but you don’t have to be a code-writing nerd to understand its purpose and use. What’s more, you do not need a degree from MIT to grasp the concepts underlying blockchain, the open-source technology that serves as the currency’s vehicle, or how bitcoin has evolved since its launch in 2009.
Rather, you just need to understand the impacts of this technology from a practical process standpoint. This perspective is characteristically lacking in high-level business discourse on the subject and nonexistent in popular discourse that’s usually laden with misconceptions.
Moreover, in assessing the validity of various terminal diagnoses for bitcoin, it helps to assess the interests of different parties. One of bitcoin’s more vocal critics is the Bank for International Settlements — the central bank for domestic central banks worldwide.
Bitcoin is a borderless digital currency that eliminates the need for a bank — a common characteristic of different cryptocurrencies that have followed it. Therefore, understanding this concept hinges on conceiving financial transactions without banks.
BIS officials would understandably welcome the continued proliferation of bitcoin transactions with the same warmth that the University of North Carolina Tar Heels show Duke University basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski on their home court.
More from Straight Talk:How to simplify your financial life ... with two sheets of paperRoth conversion in high-taxed states is a very bad ideaSo the Fed raised rates. What's the next step for investors?
BIS recently issued a lengthy report on bitcoin that’s nothing less than an indictment of cryptocurrency. Receiving widespread yet uncritical attention from mass-media outlets, the document states various reasons why bitcoin won’t survive. It comes amid a long Google queue of similar prognostications from economists and other critics echoing similar themes, amounting to a collective doomsday book.
Countervailing facts, developments, trends and perspectives aren’t considered in these criticisms and negative predictions about bitcoin.
For example, critics say bitcoin will eventually fail because it just doesn’t work as money. This is the view of Robert J. Shiller, a Yale University economics professor. Shiller says bitcoin will eventually fall into the history’s ash heap of failed, zany experimental currencies, primary because it can never be like money (i.e., currency as we now know it.)
Well, it’s not supposed to be. Unlike money, bitcoin — instead of relying on the central authorities of governments to issue it and on banks to process its transactions — enables decentralized transactions between any parties using this borderless currency, avoiding fees in executing transactions.
Bitcoin is the natural digital result of global cultures that now process most cash transactions digitally and the interconnection of people around the world by the internet. These factors didn’t precede other currency experiments, which relied on banks or some other central authority.
Like BIS, economists are naturally fixated on banks to the point where they cannot imagine transactions without them. This view fails to grasp the commercial disruption that’s upon us from blockchain and bitcoin’s propulsion of it. (And notably, no one is more aware than economists that every industrial revolution has been ushered in by new technology.)
Hastening bitcoin’s demise, Shiller believes, will be its eventual technical transformation beyond recognition. Yet 90 percent of the original core bitcoin code has already been changed and improved upon, and bitcoin’s use is on the rise.
Meanwhile, some say bitcoin can never be a mainstream currency because of power and scalability issues. Bitcoin’s scalability is extremely limited, BIS argues, because mining it — the execution of computer algorithms necessary to legitimize, confirm and enable transactions — uses crippling amounts of electricity. But this actually consumes less electricity than the 3.5 million ATMs in the world. And BIS overlooks the tendency for miners to seek unused power reserves for heavy-duty work. They don’t tend to plug to power supplies stored in high-usage areas such as Manhattan. Instead, think Iceland and Quebec, which have energy surpluses and thus low energy costs.
More fundamentally, the BIS report, an implicit indictment of all crypto-currencies, fails to mention that energy consumption varies with the consensus algorithms that different crypto-currencies use to validate transactions. While bitcoin uses what’s called “proof of work,” which requires substantial computing power and more electricity, other crypto-currencies use a different process, known as “proof of stake,” which requires far less electricity.
Regarding criticisms of scalability, it’s true that bitcoin’s network has been known to be slow, at times validating fewer than 10,000 transactions per second. But these criticisms fail to recognize that this issue is being resolved. When fully implemented, emerging technologies — including the SegWit protocol upgrade and the Lightning Network — are expected to enable the processing of millions of transactions per second, for a fraction of the fees banking networks charge. By contrast, Visa processes only about 2,000 transactions per second.
Critics say bitcoin will eventually crash the internet. This highly publicized conclusion in the BIS report is based on the use of a flawed estimate of bitcoin’s internet bandwidth consumption. Also, as the new technologies will reduce the volume of data actually recorded on the bitcoin blockchain, reserving it for its most essential function (immutable recording of transactions), this will significantly reduce bandwidth needs.
Is bitcoin really inherently subject to fraud? This widespread misconception makes as much sense as saying that cash is subject to fraud just because frauds may be committed by people trying to obtain it. As an indelible audit trail, the blockchain cannot be hacked. Some exchanges have been hacked because they lacked adequate security. Blaming bitcoin for this is like blaming cash for bank robberies.
Naysayers believe bitcoin has no intrinsic value. Well, neither does traditional currency. Like bitcoin, any currency has worth only because people believe it does.
Critics say that bitcoin involves a user experience that’s far too complicated. Several startup companies are working around the clock to develop apps to enable consumers to buy products and services as easily with bitcoin as they do now with Apple Wallet and PayPal. Some retailers are starting to accept bitcoin for online transactions, and surveys show remarkably broad acceptance of bitcoin among millennials.
These firms see tremendous profit in improving the user experience. They are among a proliferation of well-funded startups developing various blockchain applications; notable among these pioneers are those working on bitcoin tech.
Bitcoin is a completely new kind of currency propelled by technology that’s continuing to advance. Transactions aside, an undeniable problem with bitcoin is its wild value swings — which raises questions about hanging on to bitcoin long-term. Regarding transactions, serious problems may surface down the road. If that happens, there will be commercial opportunity aplenty in developing innovative technical solutions.
The dire criticisms of, and fatal forecasts for, bitcoin currently seeping into popular awareness fail to account for the cryptocurrency’s raison d’etre — its reason for existence — or grasp its basic functionality. If bitcoin is to be convincingly and credibly challenged, arguments need to be based not on what bitcoin isn’t, but on what it is.
— By Eric C. Jansen, founder, president and chief investment officer of AspenCross Wealth Management
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-26 15:11:33
**'Any number of catalysts could send bitcoin exploding higher,' says blockchain venture capitalist**
Bitcoin has seen strong gains over the last week — trading at about $8,200 as of the earlier hours of Thursday.
But the largest digital currency by market cap still isn't close to its December, 2017 high of $19,783.21. Now, market watchers are waiting in anticipation for the next jump — or decline.
"Any number of catalysts could send bitcoin exploding higher," Spencer Bogart, a partner at Blockchain Capital, told CNBC on "Fast Money" Wednesday.
Those catalysts include global trade tensions, the possibility of a bitcoin ETF, rising currency rates and Mastercard's recent announcement of a new patent that could allow bitcoin transactions on credit cards.
"Bitcoin is kind of a tinderbox right now, waiting for reasons to go higher," said the venture capitalist.
In May, even as bitcoin continued to fall, Bogart said it was the only digital coin worth buying, as more banks and large institutions were beginning to accept the coin, and urged long-term investors to get on board.
Other cryptocurrencies, he said, were "over-promising and under-delivering. Meanwhile you have a few that are kind of excelling at their use cases. Bitcoin being one of them." He said bitcoin, which was priced around $7,400 at the time, would likely go lower before hitting at least $10,000 by the end of 2018. The coin fell below $6,000 the following month.
On Wednesday, Bogart said bitcoin may have hit its bottom for the year, but that he was "definitely expecting to see new highs" and told investors to expect more regulatory approval of the space in the coming year.
"The cat’s already out of the bag," Bogart said, adding that "innovation is going elsewhere if the SEC doesn’t get on board soon."
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-29 20:05:19
**Bitcoin rises, shaking off SEC's denial of Winklevoss ETF **
The world's largest cryptocurrency jumped back above $8,200 Friday after falling sharply following news that U.S. regulators denied an application by Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss for the first-ever bitcoin ETF.
Bitcoin dropped to a low of $7,798.70 Friday morning, about 6 percent below where it was trading before the news Thursday evening, according to data from CoinDesk. Hours later, it recovered to $8,211.87 as of 3:52 p.m. ET. The cryptocurrency had jumped to a two-month high earlier this week, partially on rumors of a looming exchange-traded fund approval.
This had been the second attempt by Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, founders of crypto exchange Gemini, to list a cryptocurrency ETF on a regulated exchange. The Securities and Exchange Commission has yet to approve a bitcoin-based exchange traded fund, and on Thursday highlighted security, market manipulation and investor protection issues.
Exchange-traded funds, or ETFs, track an index or group of assets but trade like stocks. Bitcoin pundits say the approval of one could bring in a wave of new buyers, and because bitcoin has a fixed supply, push up prices. The fund would allow investors to have a stake in bitcoin without actually owning the cryptocurrency.
The announcement pours cold water on bitcoin's 20 percent rally, which was partially caused by rumors that another ETF proposed by VanEck would be approved within a month. The August deadline snowballed in online bitcoin communities with conflicting days being floated as targets for the SEC announcement.
One SEC Commissioner, Hester M. Peirce, was supportive of a cryptocurrency bitcoin ETF and published a dissent following the agency's decision.
"I am concerned that the Commission's approach undermines investor protection by precluding greater institutionalization of the bitcoin market," Peirce said in a statement. "More institutional participation would ameliorate many of the Commission's concerns with the bitcoin market that underlie its disapproval order."
The SEC declined to comment, but according to rules under the Dodd-Frank finance reforms, a likely date for an announcement would be Aug. 16. The agency needs to take action within 45 days of the publication of a proposal. In the case of the VanEck and SolidX bitcoin ETF, which was published for comment on July 2, that 45th day falls on Aug. 16.
Still, a real decision could be months away and the commission can delay or reject VanEck's proposal.
"I would be skeptical of an ETF being approved this year," said Brian Kelly, founder and CEO of BKCM. "Answers to the questions the SEC has aren't complete yet."
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-26 18:12:13
**A struggling smartphone maker's expansion to blockchain tech is 'baffling' to some **
Taiwanese smartphone maker HTC is turning to the blockchain as the company tries to breathe new life into its flagging business.
But some analysts are not convinced the plan to build a product around the technology underpinning cryptocurrencies could turn things around for HTC after years of losing market share.
HTC announced plans in May to develop a new smartphone called the Exodus with greater emphasis on security and data. The phone, which the company said is aiming to “expand the blockchain ecosystem,” is being developed under Phil Chen, HTC's chief crypto officer who previously ran the Vive virtual reality headset business.
The phone will reportedly run on Android software, have a universal wallet to store digital coins and support major cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and ether. It will run decentralized applications, which are digital programs that operate on the blockchain and fall outside the control of a single authority. Beyond that, details about the phone's hardware specifications have been sparse even though HTC said it would start shipping later this year.
The Exodus is not the first blockchain smartphone that's been announced. Sirin Labs unveiled a similar device called the Finney that has a price tag of $1,000 and uses component specifications found in many mainstream smartphones. While HTC did not disclose any price range for the Exodus, the company said it would be "comparable to the Sirin Labs device."
Some analysts said the Exodus may not appeal to a large number of smartphone users — at least not in the short run — and that HTC is simply jumping on a bandwagon.
"The target users are going to be very limited for this device as very few people understand this technology and the upcoming benefits associated with it," Anshika Jain, an analyst at Counterpoint Research, told CNBC, adding that the company was "trying to gain mindshare, which necessarily in this case won't translate into market share."
Jain explained that companies like BlackBerry, Blackphone and SIKUR have had little success with their privacy-focused devices when compared to the likes of Samsung, Apple and Huawei. The Exodus would "find it difficult to acquire shelf space alongside the iPhone X, Samsung S9 and other premium models due to the brand value and more meaningful feature sets associated with the competing devices," she said.
HTC has experienced years of declining sales as competitors, particularly those from China, surpassed the company with top-of-the-line smartphones. In June, HTC reported it lost nearly 68 percent in revenue compared to the year-ago period. That was despite the launch of a new smartphone in May called the U12+, which received largely negative reviews. At the same time, HTC is reportedly planning to slash about 25 percent of its global workforce to better manage its resources.
More broadly, the smartphone industry is no longer growing as rapidly as it used to because there are fewer people left to convert. In fact, the International Data Corporation said it expects 0 percent growth for the global smartphone market this year. Even then, existing smartphone makers have carved up sizable chunks of the market with their annual line-up of flagship phones. In the first quarter of this year, HTC had only 0.2 percent of market share, according to IDC.
The Exodus "isn't going to be the thing that turns the company around," Bryan Ma, vice president for devices research at IDC, told CNBC. "The worry is that HTC is jumping on the bandwagon, or just trying to ride a hype cycle around blockchain, which, incidentally if you look at cryptocurrency, has kind of collapsed in the past couple of months. It really is rather baffling as to the direction they're taking with this."
Still, blockchain is a relatively new technology that can potentially help HTC build a more secure smartphone as more applications are created. At the moment, the Exodus website does not provide much information about what would be available inside the phone, but the device is said to be the "first cold wallet phone with key recovery."
A cold wallet is essentially a digital wallet that is not connected to the internet, so there are fewer chances of its contents being stolen. Private keys — unique alphanumeric characters known only to the user — allow for the withdrawal of cryptocurrencies stored in those wallets.
"When we ship this, it will be the most secure cold storage wallet on the market," HTC's Chen told CNBC in an interview. When asked what exactly made the Exodus a blockchain phone, he explained it would make it easy for people to interact with the technology.
Technology publication The Verge reported that the Exodus would basically be a "phone with a wallet and a partnership with Cryptokitties," referring to a popular blockchain-based virtual game. Chen said the initial Exodus phones would not be able to "mine" — solving complex equations for cryptocurrency rewards — because of the huge power consumption required for that task. Still, he said, HTC is investigating ways to make that possible.
Chen also noted that project Exodus would be a completely separate product from the smartphone-maker and that it would have a different target audience.
"We do see this as a completely new sort of path of what a smartphone is," he said. "And I think this notion of a smartphone will completely change because of blockchain technologies."
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-31 19:22:04
**Northern Trust Opens Doors to Cryptocurrency Hedge Funds As Part Of Pervasive Blockchain Expansion**
Financial services giant Northern Trust has significantly expanded its work with blockchain and cryptocurrencies across multiple divisions.
In addition to adding a number of new blockchain features for managing its private equity workflow, the company, which has almost $10.7 trillion in assets under custody and administration, has also quietly opened its fund administration services to a select group of hedge funds betting on bitcoin and ethereum.
These potentially groundbreaking projects amount to one of the most significant pushes into cryptocurrency and other assets encrypted on a blockchain by a traditional financial institution.
In an exclusive interview with Forbes, the president of Northern Trust’s corporate and institutional services, Pete Cherecwich, provided an unprecedented look into the breadth of his company’s work with blockchain. But perhaps more importantly, he explained why the 129-year-old institution was committing so many resources to the technology.
“You can take anything today. You can take movie rights, you can take all sorts of entities, and you can create a token for those,” said Cherecwich, who has been with the company for 11 years. “We have to be able to figure out how to hold those tokens, value those tokens, do those things.”
The newest of Northern Trust’s blockchain efforts is a previously unreported project with three “mainstream hedge funds” that Cherecwich says are diversifying their portfolios with cryptocurrency investments. While he was unable to share the names of the clients due to nondisclosure agreements, he described his company’s new cryptocurrency services in detail.
Since the first quarter of this year, Northern Trust has been helping the hedge funds by comparing the numbers they report with the actual amount on record at the third-party custodian. The firm further helps value the investment as part of its fund administration services, and records the value for their clients. Many of the fund administration services were originally developed for traditional assets. But others, including new risk and control frameworks for anti-money laundering, asset existence validation, crypto-trade reconciliations and the ability to handle new net asset value pricing arrangements, were developed specifically for cryptocurrency.
While Northern Trust Hedge Fund Services had $370 billion in assets under administration as of March 31, 2018, the financial institution is not currently taking direct custody of cryptocurrency. Nor does Cherecwich expect the company will custody cryptocurrency anytime in the near future. Instead, he says that helping the company’s customers account for their cryptocurrency investments, is part of a larger effort to prepare for the day when fiat currencies themselves are also issued on a blockchain.
“I do believe that governments will ultimately look at digitizing their currencies, and having them trade kind of like a digital token — a token of the US dollar — but the US dollar is still in a vault somewhere, or backed by the government,” said Cherecwich, who worked at State Street for 20 years before joining Northern Trust. “How are they going to do that? I don’t know. But I do believe they are going to get there.”
Beyond the new work with cryptocurrency, Northern Trust is moving to significantly integrate blockchain into the life cycle of its $77 billion private equity business.
Launched into alpha in February 2017, the private equity prototype was initially built for Switzerland-based Unigestion using an early version of the open-source Hyperledger Fabric. Just a few months after the launch, the rudimentary private equity platform was upgraded to the first enterprise-grade version of Hyperledger Fabric, and is now adding a number of new features.
The upgraded private equities blockchain is moving beyond just settling a transaction, to a more automated process by which a general partner and a limited partner exchange ownership of an asset. Further, capital call functionality has also been built into the system, with the hope of reducing the role of middle-office middlemen and accelerating the time to receive funds.
To build the series of new blockchain services, Northern Trust initially established a team of 12 technology and private equity specialists working over six months, and has since supplemented the working group with additional product managers and operations and regulatory compliance specialists in the markets targeted for implementation.
While pricing for the software solution has yet to be determined, Cherecwich says Northern Trust has already demoed it to “well over 100 clients,” and is now working with some of them to more fully automate costly middle-office services.  "We have determined that we will be able to go out and sell it," he said.
“When I do a capital call, I will get my money faster than if I had to do it via emails and paper and everything else. So, my time to market, and therefore when I’m going to get paid, is shortened,” said Cherewich. “The more automated that process becomes, it’s just less costly to run a fund.”
But cryptocurrency administration and private equity workflows are just a small piece of Northern Trust’s larger blockchain plan.
Initially, the relatively low transaction rates of the $2.5 trillion annual private equity industry were seen as an ideal place to target blockchain solutions that historically had difficulty handling high volume. Going forward, however, Cherecwich believes the transparency provided by using a shared, distributed ledger, could end up of interest to auditors and regulators across industries.
To help prepare for that demand, Northern Trust and ‘Big Four’ accounting firm, PwC earlier this year revealed a suite of auditing tools designed to give real-time access to financial reports that are otherwise only sent on a periodic basis. Already, the Guernsey Financial Services Commission has access to a node on the blockchain designed to  grant them real time access to some of the data.
“Since blockchain has an immutable record, you put a robot as a node on that immutable record, and I don’t care whether it’s private equity or anything, then that robot can audit those transactions, and make sure everything syncs automatically,” said Cherecwich.
At the core of Northern Trust’s blockchain work are two patents that could eventually help transform the legacy financial institution into a software provider. The first patent, filed in early 2017 uses physical traits of a user to confirm he or she has permission to perform various tasks. A second patent, filed late last year is for hosting an investors meeting using Hyperledger Fabric, Ethereum or Openchain, and relies in part on the proof of identity provided by the first patent.
“What we’ve done is not only developed a patent that enables you to have the identity management that enables you to do transactions,” said Cherecwich. “But extends the transactions beyond buying and selling of the security to actual board meetings and votes.”
Slowing down some of the progress being made by Northern Trust is an ongoing sense of regulatory uncertainty, according to a position paper on the potential role of cryptocurrencies, published by the firm in June. Citing measures taken by Bank of America, Citi and Lloyds to prevent customers from buying cryptocurrency using credit cards, the report further noted that very few major banks have launched any crypto-related services and most are awaiting more complete regulatory oversight.
Among the most notable exceptions to this apprehension is Goldman Sachs, which is opening a bitcoin trading desk, and Bloomberg, which earlier this year helped launch the Galaxy Crypto Index with support from hedge funder, Mike Novogratz.  While Northern Trust's June report characterized the firm’s reaction to the changing cryptocurrency landscape as “cautious,” the work being done by the financial services giant places it among the most ambitious of these efforts.
“It’s just something I’ve not seen from custodians in my 30 years” in the industry, said Cherecwich. “And I’m pretty proud.”
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌
@_date: 2018-07-22 23:25:17
**The $247 trillion global debt bomb**
The untold story of the world economy — so far at least — is the potentially explosive interaction between the spreading trade war and the overhang of global debt, estimated at a staggering $247 trillion. That’s “trillion” with a “t.” The numbers are so large as to be almost incomprehensible.
Households, businesses and governments borrow on the assumption that they will service their debts either by paying the principal and interest or by rolling over the debts into new loans. But this works only if incomes grow fast enough to make the debts bearable or to justify new loans. When those ingredients go missing, delinquencies, defaults and (at worse) panics follow.
Here’s where the trade war and debt may intersect disastrously. Since 2003, global debt has soared. As a share of the world economy (gross domestic product), the increase went from 248 percent of GDP to 318 percent. In the first quarter of 2018 alone, global debt rose by a huge $8 trillion. The figures include all major countries and most types of debt: consumer, business and government.
But to service these debts requires rising incomes, while an expanding trade war threatens to squeeze incomes. The resort to more tariffs and trade restrictions will make it harder for borrowers to pay their debts. At best, this could slow the global economy. At worst, it could trigger another financial crisis.
Note that the danger is worldwide. It’s not specific to the United States. In a new report, the Institute of International Finance (IIF), an industry research and advocacy group, says the debts of some “emerging market” countries (Turkey, South Africa, Brazil, Argentina) seem vulnerable to rollover risk: the inability to replace expiring loans. In 2018 and 2019, about $1 trillion of dollar-denominated emerging-market debt is maturing, the IIF says.
Debt can either stimulate or retard economic growth, depending on the circumstances. Now we’re approaching a turning point, according to Hung Tran, the IIF’s executive managing director. If debt growth is not sustainable, as Tran believes, new lending will slow or stop. Borrowers will have to devote more of their cash flow to servicing existing debts.
At a briefing, Tran described the change this way:
“[We had] a Goldilocks economy, with decent economic growth. Inflation was nowhere to be seen, allowing central banks [the Federal Reserve, the European Central Bank] to be more accommodative [i.e., keeping interest rates low]. You could always roll over your debt. However, the probability of this continuing is much less now. . . . Trade tensions are on the rise, and this has already impacted [business confidence] and the willingness to invest.”
Inflation is also creeping up. To stall its rise, the Fed is raising interest rates. Trade protectionism compounds the problem, because many non-U.S. companies borrow in dollars. (Dollars are widely used in trade even if neither the importer nor the exporter is American.) But these loans must be repaid in dollars. If tit-for-tat protectionism dampens trade, getting those dollars will become harder. Loan delinquencies and defaults may rise.
Tran isn’t predicting a full-scale panic resembling the 2008-2009 financial crisis, and there are some reasons for optimism. Banks are better capitalized now than before the crisis. (Bank capital — shareholders’ funds or loans — protects against losses.) People are also more sensitive to the dangers than a decade ago.
Evidence of this comes from a recent “stress test” performed on 35 large bank holding companies by the Fed. A deep recession was simulated; the unemployment rate rose to 10 percent. Despite large losses, no bank failed. Since 2009, these banks have added $800 billion in common equity capital, the Fed says.
What Tran is suggesting is a global shift away from debt-financed economic growth. The meaning of the $247 trillion debt overhang is that many countries (including China, India and other emerging-market countries) will be dealing with the consequences of high or unsustainable debts — whether borne by consumers, businesses or governments. There will be a collective drag on the global economy.
“If you are in a high-debt situation, you need to bring the debt down, either absolutely or as a share of GDP,” Tran said at the briefing. “[Either] will result in slower economic growth. You don’t have the borrowing needed to maintain strong investment and consumption spending.”
This may represent a final chapter to the financial crisis. The low interest rates adopted by central banks were justified as necessary to avoid a worldwide depression. Critics worried that cheap credit would rationalize risky lending that couldn’t survive higher rates. We may soon discover who’s right.
Read more from Robert Samuelson’s archive.
✌ cool people read before commenting ✌