@_author: readingitstill
@_date: 2013-05-14 08:23:41
A) If I did that, there is no evidence that they wouldn't have done exactly what they are doing now.
B) If you found cash in your wallet(real world wallet) would you go report it to anyone?
In hindsight, perhaps I should have. None the less, they have had over a week to act since I last spoke with them. I was/am very willing to help this person retrieve their money. Yet I have no way of doing it and Gox aren't helping at all.
Poorly Handled.
@_date: 2013-05-14 05:48:22
Interesting story...
What's interesting to me is that roughly a week ago. I logged into my MtGox account after a month of inactivity and found exactly $480 cash had been deposited into my account. 
I not wanting to question it I bought some more bitcoin. Prices were good :)
Turns out it was a mistaken deposit. How someone could 'accidentally' deposit that amount of cash into the wrong account ill never understand...  anyway...
MtGox since have decided to freeze my entire account until they can do what ever it is they are trying to do.
I even offered to reverse the transaction,send funds to the person whos money it was, either in bitcoin or fiat. They aren't even responding to me now :( So I cant withdraw anything at all now!
For a moment I thought it was your money I had received but the timing is a bit off by the looks of it.
@_date: 2013-05-14 06:29:16
Apparently it had something to do with BitInstant. The error was known about long before I myself even knew the money was there.
I had a couple hundred dollars of my own in fiat and btc in the account. So it all got mixed up once i started buying more coins. Perhaps this is the dilemma. Being that they cant exactly just go and sell my coins on me and take the money. Maybe they can? I don't know.. seems like a bit of a grey area legally.
The upside is that I have been able to make trades with this other persons money, somewhat profitably, and continuing to do so. So if they ever give me that persons details I will gladly send them their money back maybe even with some interest.
However for over a week now I have only been able to trade. No withdrawals of any kind can be made.
It has left a bitter taste in my mouth. Mostly because MtGox are just handling this very poorly. Either they should have dealt with it the moment the funds were wrongly deposited. Or they should just concede that someone else made a mistake and the money is now in my possession. Not this " lets freeze ALL your shit for weeks and do nothing " approach.
I guess we can all learn something from this though. In terms of securing your own transactions. As well as the nonsense that is often MtGox.
