@_author: ready-ignite
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:32:55


And in 2018, Bitcoin sale at 600! :)
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:26:11
What's fun is to use reddit user account analysis tools on my account, and plot my subreddit activity over time. How over five years my primary activity was over in politics, all the way up until 2016. Then something happened. And the historic user base over there I'm representative of scattered to a series of other subs. Hmm. Wonder what that thing that happened to change demographics was. Wonder if it had anything to do with insulting and browbeating registered Dem voters in the online forums they participate. Taking one step outside acceptable talking point for the day became a heresy. God forbid your voter base have issues important to them, and dare to argue for adding those issues to the platform. An over-loud madness of fragile minds has taken over the tent. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 16:51:56
When gold was discovered in California, the businessmen first aware of the potential bought out and cornered the market for mining tools. Then they invested in a marketing campaign on the east coast about all the easy gold falling off the mountains in California. The mania set in, and everyone disembarking purchased mining tools then went broke in the hills.
Trezor has a great product at a great time there.
@_date: 2017-12-11 22:49:35
On additional reading on the topic currently delving into rules around like-kind exchange. Interesting topic of reading, leading to better understanding of the IRS vs Coinbase conversation.
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:05:47
I'd call it a finely tuned bullshit meter. It's impossible to understand what's going on in the US or around the globe without frequenting all sources.
@_date: 2017-12-29 00:32:06
And every time regulators double down on their position before softening language, nah just kidding we're totally fine with this.
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:07:42


In terms of diversifying ones wealth for retirement there would be an argument to make for allocation a portion to this particular volatile market. 
With regard to current geopolitics we can argue that the risk to USD is greater than it was a year prior. Specifically big moves on the Saudi Arabia side. Realignment of oil trading partners. Big plans on the China side to build out massive land based trading routes. The agreements that created the benefits of the petrodollar may not be lasting. Crypto options have provided interesting option for consideration as a hedge against waking up with worthless money. 
Going all-in would be terrible advice, but allocating a portion of savings has potential to make a world of difference along unforeseen outcomes.
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:49:28
Let's add a nuance -- at what stage must profit be reported on income tax?
Let's say your BTC holdings moonshot, but you never cash it out to your fiat currency of choice. Instead you send colonization spores out to every other interesting cryptocurrency. Do you report profits on investment shifted over to other crypto?
Let's say we're late 2018 and we've got tighter integration in financial markets. If options become available to shift investment in crypto into other traditional investment vehicles, do profits become taxable when you release the crypto holding?
My current understanding is that you report capital gains tax on profits when cashing out BTC back to USD (for example). Thus, if options were available to shift allocation of investments to diversified options taxes aren't ever paid until you begin drawing on those funds.
Am I missing anything? 
@_date: 2017-12-16 17:28:04
Played with this in the past. Has potential but needs that widespread adoption to light the fire, and speed up development.
Personally really want a closed-network social media option to post comments and photo albums. Run it on my home server and create accounts for family members and close friends. Get the control back over how information is collected and used. None of this secret science lab national psychology experimentation sold off to shady intelligence agencies nonsense.
Friends and family members would actually use this again.
@_date: 2017-12-15 16:44:26
Call me crazy but in 2016 one political party rigged their primary. Overtly, publicly, then insulted their support base when they cried foul. Assange character remained unchanged, speaking truth to power where observable evidence of corruption exists. 
But that's a bitter pill to swallow, so I suppose it's easier to call out his credibility. I find this dismissal incredibly unethical as it's akin to stating, "if you're not cheating you're not trying". 
When elections are at state, the scale of meddling we saw requires lengthy jail sentences. Doing otherwise sends the message that transfer of power is effected solely through uncivil means. At that point all that's left are uncivil rule of strongmen and coercion. That's the worst outcome of this little exercise in brinksmanship we're playing. Not the legacy I'd accept leaving behind for my children.
@_date: 2017-12-18 20:51:56
Read the 'cash-less society' conversation taking place in recent years from economists in the IMF. The theory Satoshi is actually team of department of defense (or equivalent) researchers who sat on the work until it was time to roll out works well with this. 
How do you move an entire population to electronic currency, giving up any paper money held? Create a gold rush prompted on by inflationary printed money around the globe, nudging people in. 
Eventually generating FOMO-panic desperate all in investment as value of retirement holdings decrease. Once conversion is complete promote up the coins constructed with preferred features. That's around when we'll probably see activity from the Satoshi holdings, as these were reserved to secure the central banking position.
@_date: 2017-12-11 22:37:58
Define 'sell'. Exchanging BTC for ETH, for example? Exchanging BTC for a fiat currency? What events can be categorized as 'sell'?
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:42:57
This is the first I've heard that Seth Rich was Russian. Can you provide further reading on the theory? Was the DNC aware of Seth's Russian connections before hiring him?
@_date: 2018-10-03 04:58:49
You can expose yourself to positive black swans just as well as negative black swans. There are extremely rare events that only have to hit once and your set for decades. 
A strategy might be to expose yourself to as many things that could pay off as possible, while being mindful of things that could be loss with few limits.
You might lose $12k times however many shares you purchased. You might already have a position that greatly supplements your retirement. Avoid short-term fixation. Build strategies to collect your portfolio of bets with potential to blow up big.
@_date: 2019-08-02 07:14:33
Of course. 82% of Bitcoin mentions are driving the bulls for the next run.
@_date: 2019-10-03 05:59:12
Premiers in two days.
Oh man. Just got my tv guide and plotted out my viewing for the whole week. Creature features! Planet of the apes! The whole block is going to be watching that on tv. Everyone will be talking about it on the playground.
Now I just need to plan out how to fit this one in as well.
Or wait. This is the internet. Things just load. Or my impatient mind finds some other- oh hey a cat video.
@_date: 2019-06-21 19:13:11
Before responding I'd like to take a moment to emphasize my complete lack of expertise in this area and that I'm engaged in spitballing thoughts based on the limited fog-of-war information available to us.
And back to the topic. Directionally I'd agree at the larger game. We can look at what actions in Syria and Ukraine in recent years have hoped to accomplish. The moves support boxing in China in their efforts to negotiate trade deals in the area that disrupt the world economy. Russia has been critically important to prior administrations efforts to contain and return them to a collapsed-state status.
I think there's argument that continued growth of EU has been large driver of the show, and much of this set up aimed toward that objective, but that experiment has hit roadblocks and now we've got awkward stalemate on some of that work in progress. The future state far less certain.
Large number of variables on the chess board.
@_date: 2017-11-16 19:56:55
What I'm curious about is what happens in response to a another financial meltdown in the US, or the unlikely-but-not-impossible end of the petrodollar. Occasionally that crosses my mind and I think I need to be much heavier in on crypto.
@_date: 2019-02-09 01:30:38
Survivor bias. 
Middle ages. It was well document that if you pray before a long sea voyage, you would be more likely to survive. Records fail to show how many prayed before voyage then wound up on the bottle of the sea.
Other one I like is 'beginners luck'. Survey gamblers and almost every one of them started out on a win streak. Those who tried gambling and lost, quit and never went on to see themselves as a gambler. Those addicted remember that first streak of wins and keep going knowing their luck will change.
@_date: 2017-11-21 17:59:23
Using the MySpace analogy, the winner in that space was the product most favorable to government requests. More generally, with a new product there is a growth threshold where politicians and organizations come knocking at the door. Play nice and negotiate a mutual exchange and the company continues to grow, welcomed into a more stable position or run into hurdles to growth in many ways. 
You can get away with disruption within certain bounds. There is a window. 
In the bitcoin case it would be a matter of how well does the platform play nice with the established figures in a position to impede growth. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 21:22:42
Cool. Time to buy!
@_date: 2017-11-11 08:07:41
We just replaced our 401k benefits plan with Bitcoin matching, and de-risked our pension plan by shifting 30% trust to crypto. Just kidding but boy do I want to sell the country on the idea of doing this to jack up the price.
@_date: 2019-06-21 17:42:05


Time is not on Iran's side. The people are awesome, many compatible and favorable of Western values. Sufficient economic turmoil leads to unrest.
There is no need for the US to engage in active war, they can contain and wait while providing support for Color Revolution type action similar to what was used in Ukraine.
Plenty of voices agitating for a hot war but strategically on long-term it's just not needed. Time is on the side of US ability to pressure current Iranian leadership to negotiation table or pressure their hold on leadership further at the same time.
The wild-card are political factions and diplomats within the US offering conflicting advice to Iran. "Just hold out! When a new administration takes power in the US we'll hold more favorable terms, don't negotiate." That's an annoying headache of American style governance. Leads to cases where other countries can sit back when the US is playing tough and assume that the entire game will change within four to eight years. Makes the US come off pretty schizophrenic when *every single thing* becomes a political battle and there is not common ground warring political parties can agree on.
Positive thoughts for a negotiated offramp for tensions where everyone gets to save face and we can get to some normalized relations.
@_date: 2019-01-22 05:11:24
The systems necessary to receive messages from the future were constructed in the 1990s. Popular culture has been targeted through satire shows to ridicule and point the way away from the ideas that lead to future conflicts and social collapse. The Simpsons and South Park can be looked at as herald of future danger. That's why so often watching old episode they match cultural events of today.
@_date: 2018-02-15 17:51:08
It's just like November again!
@_date: 2018-02-16 02:33:05
Not sure if bitcoin pumping, or dollar losing value. &gt;.&gt;