@_author: read_the_link
@_date: 2016-04-04 21:44:40
To be clear, when Adam says "difficulty down" he's talking about the miners voluntarily setting a *more* difficult target for themselves. That's what makes it a soft fork. He's not suggesting anything that would violate any protocol rule, he just worded it poorly.
In practice, of course, it would likely be impossible to get miners to agree to anything that compromises their profits even if they would benefit as a group, so this proposal is a non-starter. Just look at OPEC and voluntary limiting of petroleum production, it doesn't work. That being said, there's nothing dangerous or outrageous in what Adam is describing. I really don't understand the alarmist tone of the responses here...
@_date: 2016-11-26 03:14:15
It is true, as you argue here and in your letter, that gold has the advantage over bitcoin of having demonstrable uses as a physical commodity. Even if the speculative value of gold collapsed overnight, there would still be some baseline demand for it for industrial uses and jewelry. Whereas bitcoin does indeed run the risk of dropping to zero. And I actually agree with your assertion that the COIN prospectus should be more explicit about this risk, which is uniquely grave when compared to other ETPs. Bitcoin's risk of utter collapse is unprecedented and cannot be ignored or papered over. It should be thrust into every investor's face.
But the above notwithstanding, I feel that you are glossing over the similarity between gold and bitcoin.
A letter very similar to yours could have been written in opposition to the GLD ETF, making many similar points. Gold offers no dividend, is unable to promise any growth whatsoever, and mining it is arguably a tremendous waste of energy. At the time of GLD's proposal anyone who seriously entertained the idea of gold one day taking the place of national currencies was arguably delusional, because any attempt to transition (back) to such a system would face overwhelming political and cultural opposition, as well as logistical and economic obstacles that are probably insurmountable.
And yet, the GLD ETF was approved. To this day it is widely hated, and ridiculed ("barbarous relic" with "no yield"). But it exists. People buy and sell it, in vast volumes, using various currencies. Tell me, would you be in favor of abolishing GLD, if you were given the chance today? Would you consider it a boon for investors if that particular ETP ceased to exist? I am honestly curious for your response.
You argue that bitcoin can be 'manufactured at will'. This is false. It would be a tremendous effort on the part of the miners, at extraordinary political risk, and with a very high likelihood to fail and/or backfire. You should do more research into hard forking before making such loose statements.
You argue that there is an infinity of altcoins, and that this somehow undermines bitcoin's value. That logic does not hold. It is analogous to arguing that, because there are many different metals, gold cannot hold value. The existence of tin and zinc and copper make no difference to gold's value. There is only one metal that is gold, and there is only one cryptocurrency that is bitcoin.
And, about that 'value': Admittedly, the current value of bitcoin (~$730) is sustained by a huge amount of speculative behavior, and what you describe as "hoarding". But exactly the same can be said for gold. The industrial and jewelry demand for gold is a fraction of its speculative demand. Most investors who take up a position in the metal are fully aware of this. Presumably, most intend to some day sell out of their position to a 'greater fool' who will pay more. Other than the admitted (albeit remote) risk of bitcoin 'zeroing', what is the difference between bitcoin and gold in this respect? How is it demonstrably a moral and economic net loss for the investment community when bitcoin is traded, but not when gold is traded? Or any of the precious metals, for that matter. I guess I just don't see any strong argument which can be made here, other than an appeal to tradition or an appeal to your own personal disdain for the investment.
If COIN were approved, investors would be free to make their own determination as to the risk-weighted return of bitcoin, and they would allocate their funds to it accordingly. Exactly as they currently can to GLD. How would this be a problem? In your case, because of your extensive misgivings about the product, your allocation to bitcoin would clearly be 0, as is your right. But I do not see how it follows from this that no one else should even be able to take a position. Are you arguing that, because you wouldn't invest in it, no one ever should?
@_date: 2016-11-26 05:51:48
Thank you for responding. I think I understand where you are coming from a little better now, though I still disagree.
Correct me if I am mistaken but, it really seems that you are suggesting that any investment vehicle where some investors make money at the expense of other investors, shouldn't exist. But that description fits every single investment ever! Even dividend-yielding stocks of manufacturing companies, can result in investors losing money.
What about General Motors stock? Would it be better if it had never been listed? Think of how many people lost money buying GM stock in late 2007. They were utterly ruined when that stock plummeted. In percentage terms that plunge was even worse than the one from BTC's 2013 peak! You will probably respond that GM was a real company with a traditional business plan, and therefore it's apples-and-oranges to compare it to bitcoin when the latter is so exotic and untested and full of bubble-madness. But the fact remains: some people made money, and others lost (a lot) of money. Everyone had access to the same information and yet some people made money, while others were wiped out. The fact that their timing had to be terrible to lose money, is irrelevant by your own logic. After all, you have cherry-picked the very worst time to purchase BTC in arguing that it is harmful!
My point is simply that  there is no reward without risk, and speculation inherently has winners and losers. Mistakes are made, financial crashes happen, companies go bankrupt, unsavvy/unlucky investors lose money. And savvy/lucky investors make money. That's name of the game when speculating; it's the entire point. Pretending that bitcoin is somehow uniquely dangerous because it is highly speculative and unfamiliar, is disingenuous. The markets are full of speculation, in every asset class. Look at Twitter. It has a market cap over 12 billion dollars, close to that of Bitcoin! This is a company that is not profitable and never have been, and there is room to reasonably doubt that it ever will be to an extent that will ever justify the current stock price. But a lot of money has been poured in anyway, because Twitter represents something new, something exciting, and--most importantly--*the price was going up*. Say what you want about whether you think TWTR or BTC are worth investing in. But don't pretend that bitcoin is somehow alone in being a wild speculative play. Equities are not inherently more virtuous.


"Any"? Really? None whatsoever? Not with textbook formulas, no. But you can't really be arguing that, because the blockchain is opaque, no one has any grounds whatsoever on which to make an educated guess as to bitcoin's potential upside and risks. That's absurd, and your own letter contradicts that assertion. The fact the you spent 27 pages arguing that Bitcoin is a doomed ponzi experiment, shows that investors are fully capable of recognizing the risk. Speculating on equities is definitely *a lot easier* than speculating on BTC, for many reasons. There are literally entire textbooks written on the subject. Evaluating BTC requires more imagination, and the stakes are higher, but it's still the same game.
In the very likely event that COIN or something equivalent is eventually approved, feel free to form an educated guess as to its potential upside and weigh this against the risks. And once you've done so, you can purchase precisely 0 shares, with a clean conscience. But it seems at best misguided, at worst curmudgeonly to try to deny others a vehicle to invest if they see the world differently than you. It's entirely possible that they see something that you have missed.