@_author: real_money
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:26:42
Well they pretty much said it in their own convoluted description.
To paraphrase:  Private?  No.  If we told you that you'd flip the fuck out.  We are an institution separate from the government and do whatever we want, but the fact that the constitution granted the congress power over central banking means that technically they could shut us down... but they won't... 
So, you could say we're practically a government agency within the government but independent of the separation of powers.  We are the fourth power.  
No, we've never been audited.  
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:08:14
Faith - and supply and demand.  The more money they print, the more "money supply" you have, the less a dollar is worth.
If they stopped printing money, then the value would go up.  But it's also important to understand that faith is all that makes anything valuable.  
  Value is external to everything, it's never intrinsic.  The important part is supply and demand.  Dirt is common, gold is rare.  Think about art and diamonds... everything is only as valuable as people BELIEVE it is.  
Value is ALWAYS something external that WE as humans place on something...  Used fryer oil is worthless until someone figured out we could refine it and run diesel engines using used fryer oil.. It went from garbage to being worth something between 0 and the price of refined diesel.
Bottom line, market dynamics (people) is what puts a value on anything.  It simply has to be useful for that purpose.  If it's useful as money, it can be used as money.  If I buy a bitcoin for $500, I'm not likely to give it up for less than $500.  Simple as that.  
So, ultimately, it simply comes down to supply and demand.  
That's why bitcoin is good.  
The blockchain is trustworthy, bitcoins can be used as money (divided and transmitted) and supply is LIMITED.
@_date: 2014-04-03 15:58:03
Bingo.  I think we should have a fluid curriculum.  Virtual classroom technologies could allow students to connect with teachers all over the country that meet the needs of students...
Beyond the basic level curriculum we could have further measures in regard to *how much you know*, not simply if you know X, in order to incentivize students to take on more curriculum.  
Allow people to explore beyond the basics.  A standard curriculum simply sets the bar low for everyone.  We need a minimum bar, but beyond that our focus should be allowing students to dynamically attain additional curriculum according to what they are capable of.  
