@_author: realfresh
@_date: 2015-04-01 01:01:31
What you are describing sounds different. I used many different methods to buy bitcoins in the past but things are always changing. 
However every wallet / exchange I have used always allowed me to send money instantly. iGot is the only company that I am aware of that will need to verify almost every damn transaction. I'm actually worried for my money in my account with them. They are all flash and no substance. They are less about providing a valuable service and more about jacking your cash.
@_date: 2015-04-02 14:57:24
Hi Dan
Thank you so much for taking the time to contact me personally and I really appreciate you doing so. I have one major point I'd like to make.
I would have stuck with you guys as a customer after I had gotten verified. However I realised your bitcoin transfers are not instant. That is a huge letdown especially when transferring to temporary wallets. This is something I feel was not clearly stated. That should be something stated in bold on the send money page. As a result of instant transfers not being available or consistent, not sure which one it is, I won't be staying on with you guys.
Also after the initial Bpay deposit, I realised I had to wait 7 days in order for it to be verified. So i went ahead and deposited $10 into my account via cash deposit to allow faster verification. Unfortunately that didn't happen. It would have been nice but I can see why it wouldn't be possible.
Regardless your responsiveness to my issue has allowed me to view you guys in better light. If changes are made and the response is better I will consider coming back in the future.
@_date: 2015-04-01 00:57:34
This is really interesting haha, thanks but its all good
@_date: 2015-04-01 00:58:47
So essentially there are plenty of temp wallets for different purposes. For example if you are using a bitcoin mixing service, typically you will be asked to forward your bitcoins to a temporary wallet that may be valid for another 10 minutes or 1 hour or whatever. If you transfer your coins to that wallet after it expires, GG.