@_author: realsatoshin
@_date: 2018-01-31 13:36:19
Please do not turn the project to a hate campaign, despite some people want to derail it. I do not hate  Wright either, despite he did want so much to shine and cash in the noble price. To steal my identity and make advantage of it for ego tripping. A lot of people are alike. I just known they need to learn to know better and go for the benefit of all people, not their own ego tripping world. We should not judge people, despite some do try to destroy the project. There are great people who push the bitcoin project to higher levels. It can be the man around the counter on the street who came to me, to say, not aware of my identity, do you know about bitcoin ? How it will change the ponzi of fractional banking ? How this project kicks ass in the financial world ? Well, I let the guy talk for 2 hours, he was so happy to exchange his knowledge. We are used to hide at moments, ourselves on the internet, sometimes use rude words. We think we are untouchable.  One day You are a hero, another day you are the devil himself. This is one of the reasons I play hide and seek. You can not touch a shadow, a ghost, a myth or play it personal. As we all have dirty underwear, right ?  Don't threw the first stone. But I say this. I am a strong believer. It is written in many books, teachings. No one can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and money. And with Him are the keys of the unseen treasures-- none knows them but He; and He knows what is in the land and the sea, and there falls not a leaf but He knows it, nor a grain in the darkness of the earth, nor anything green nor dry but it is all, in a clear book. Nothing can be hide from Truth. Soon or later. Satoshi Nakamoto  (twitter)
@_date: 2017-12-26 03:20:23
Ah, he was such a great guy and until the end he did treat the baby as his own child. 
@_date: 2019-08-29 18:25:13
Well. So far I did read the verdict, the court decission states he has to give half of the bitcoins mined before 2014.  You make the assumption he has access to my whale wallet. Unfortionally for them, they have NOT. Remember, if Craig Wright had access to my whale wallet, he would converted them to BitcoinSV anyway. So there was no need to beg others on  to do so, to rescue his altcoin  See? There is also no single proof provided in the case, that  would be   So now he has a choice. Or he does appeal and tell the court, he did commit perjury, did lie. Or he does pay the price. Anyway the court can not assign half of the whale wallet that does not belong at all to kleiman, wright or their constructs. Because for that, there needs to be proof, he owns the whale wallet, which he clearly refused to proof. Because...he did lie. So anyway, when I finally sign, he is in deep problems, because he will see jail anyway due to fraud, perjury, theft of intellectual property (copyright), false claims and registrations of public domain source code and public documents (10 yrs old bitcoin.pdf) and most likely to install a nigerian scam (419) to rip off Kleiman and maybe many others. 