@_author: realmadmonkey
@_date: 2015-12-19 02:23:11
Your tl;dr is not correct, bitcoin is has been deflationary over the last year. Inflation is a measure of change in buying power, since a bitcoin can buy more today than it could a year ago, it is deflationary. 
@_date: 2015-12-28 01:50:30
Why do you think there'd be a market for the old chain in this scenario? If 75% of miners are on board, all the major exchanges will support the new chain. If someone comes forward willing to buy on the old chain EVERYONE with bitcoin will be willing to dump theirs on them, you will have a market with few buyers with sellers trying to give away coin. This isn't $100/BTC, this is $0.001/BTC scenario. Also, remember those remaining 25% miners? Outside of a few hobbyists they exist to make a profit and will switch to the chain with the greatest reward. If the threshold was only 51% you could convince me that the loosing fork might try and hold out, but 75%? come on... 
A more realistic scenario, I think, would be that bitcoin core adds support for larger blocks before it forks. It's their only option to remain relevant if BIP101 suddenly gains broad support. 
@_date: 2015-12-19 02:18:51
It's not a trust issue, inflation is not the same as money supply, inflation is a representation of the increased cost of goods for a given currency. 
To get inflation from money supply you also have to factor in the velocity of money, and since a large number of people with bitcoin hold their coins the velocity is extremely low. Since a bitcoin can now buy more goods now than a year ago it is experiencing deflation, and will hopefully always experience deflation. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:49:17
well, it will be awhile before someone just assumes you'd have bitcoin. Even if they are bitcoin savvy they'd assume the cash is all you have on you... unless they see a wallet, or recognize a key. There may be a day where muggers page through your phone looking for bitcoin apps, if they see nothing there won't be an assumption that you are still hiding something. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:27:09
So, what's the opportunity cost? That it get stolen? If you have a decent password they'd never be able to crack bip38 in your lifetime. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 08:52:01
So, if users are able to withdraw their coin &amp; cash and they simply move to a new exchange while still having faith in the currency then the  price will recover and be reasonably close to where it was prior to this.
If confidence in bitcoin as a currency is lost or lower, then a greater percentage of those users will be willing to sell at a lower price, driving costs further down. 
If the Japanese government seizes coin without selling it, or the coin is destroyed, or the cold storage wallets are lost in some way, then the fewer coin will add scarcity to the market and push prices up. 
A lot of this depends on how Gox resolves. I think most will blame the exchange and not the coin. If that happens, as long as most people get their money we will rally. If they don't, it will be a slower rally. Bitcoin is deflationary by design, the only way for it to have long term inflation is if users stop using it and they leave for the next best thing. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:28:40
...unless they are properly encrypted.
@_date: 2014-03-27 09:33:26
None of this makes it legal to avoid reporting the income. People do things illegal all the time and get away with it when it's not worth the effort to enforce. The IRS isn't going to bother with small transactions, but there is a point where it is clear someone is amassing wealth that was not reported as income spurring an investigation. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:19:01
Paper wallet of course so I'm not in danger of losing a password on an online wallet. I give a copy to a few of my friends for redundancy, and upload a jpg to my Facebook library as an offline backup. 
@_date: 2015-06-27 15:50:32
Lol, you can't pretend like bitcoin is less risky. Until it becomes commonplace in large scale transactions it's at a much higher risk of being abandoned than the euro.
@_date: 2014-03-05 07:49:21
I understand it, am holding coin, but think it will ultimately fail due to government control. 
Bitcoin's problem is the fact that it is deflationary. The deflationary nature is really good if you have bitcoin, but not so good if you need to borrow. A feature of inflation is that it forces people to invest... If they don't their cash drops in value by 2-4% a year. You are forced to invest to simply maintain the value of your savings in an inflationary economy. With deflation your money actually gains value, so you lose the incentive to invest it making it costly  for business to attract the same investors.  
This means that when bitcoin gains acceptance, and the general investor views it as a stable hold of value, it will slow the economy. Governments will be forced to severely limit it's use.  
As an investor, I think we have a long way to go before that happens, so I'm long. I'm confident that the asshats in congress would not touch that side of the issue until they are forced to, so I'm holding for now. 
@_date: 2014-08-18 21:45:37
lol, "more trade" means more transactions, not that the supply of currency would turn over faster. You are comparing currency that is toxic to hold for long periods to one that actually gains value, there's no question velocity will be slower. 
@_date: 2014-04-23 04:30:31
Lol, this was my first thought as well. The project team that could pull this would all be in high demand, yet he wants them to work for free, without funding for expenses, and under a licence that makes it difficult to monetize.
@_date: 2014-08-11 01:14:44
It will take longer to download on my shitty connection.
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:51:11
No, the lesson is to not use brainwallets. Humans are notoriously predictable, even if you mash your keyboard, it will be less random than a decent random number generator. You are much much more secure generating a random wallet and using your passphrase for a bip38 password. 
@_date: 2014-03-12 07:56:34
How would you secure that? 
I expect this would have to be limited to a novelty wallet instead of paper. If they are meant to be spent like cash you would have to have a protective sleeve to keep them in to prevent folks with long distance readers from walking around stealing them. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:39:23
I am in a similar situation, my solution was to use a linux boot and bitaddress.org to generate keys on an offline computer using BIP38. I printed to PDF, then backed up to multiple flash drives, with public keys on a separate drive for use on my online computer. Flash drives can fail, so have multiple copies in different locations if you go this route. In my case I also copied to a truecrypt volume and stored a copy in the cloud, but that step can be skipped if you want to maintain a true air gap. 
I don't recommend using a brain wallet as others have suggested. Humans are not nearly as random as a well designed RNG. Using your unique phrase is much more secure as a password because it is much much more difficult to match an encrypted address + password then just guessing the same passphrase used to create the wallet. 
@_date: 2014-05-21 23:52:21
Dude, no. There's nothing constructive about that. It's not normal to be asked to sacrifice your assets to a potential spouse. She can enjoy the assets you have without having them transferred to her name. This is like the movie Casino when De Niro buys a shitload of gold jewelry for his wife to keep her around, and she fucks him over in the end. I suggest you two watch it together right before you discuss this with her.
@_date: 2014-03-09 06:01:45
Ya, I don't disagree with any of those points, but at the end of the day people care about having jobs, cheap shiny products, and the dreams of opening their own taco stand... Deflation would make it harder to attract investors to open new factories, deploy new products, and take out loans. 
I mean, I believe in bitcoin, and I'm heavily invested in it with a large portion of my savings in coin, but I can't deny that it would be bad to run a country on.  
@_date: 2014-04-30 03:08:50
You think physical is less risky? "A" electronic device fails but not all electronic devices at once. Electronically you can embed your encrypted key into a header or invisible signature line of your email and create another backup with every email you send. Throw a copy on all your cloud services. Pair it with a popular movie file and distribute it as a bittorrent. Toss it on a website and let the internet archive save it... There are many ways to back it up in a way that it would never be lost. 
Compare that to physical items that can get lost or stolen. Houses burn down, fireproof safes are only rated to withstand fire for a limited time, safe deposit boxes can be seized by a government, accessed by a second key holder, destroyed if the bank is damaged. I know people feel safer with something under their mattress, but it doesn't make it less risky.
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:30:16
Interesting article, thanks for posting! I do have a few questions, I am invested in Bitcoin, but still have doubts about the very long term with deflation is my biggest concern:
The article uses savings accounts as a comparison for an argument against holding, saying savings accounts are 3-4%. That is with a 2-3% inflationary currency, What happens if you adjust for the inflation rate of the funds in that account, would people use savings accounts if they got a 7% return?
I assume the deflationary gold periods the author refers to are the late 1800's, if I recall deflation was caused by a drop in production cost due to industrialization, not a scarcity of gold.  In coming decades robotics will add similar pressures again, how would the economy react with  both that, and Bitcoin's limited supply?
What about the velocity of money? If I'm a business, would it not make sense for me to wait to hire a new employee as long as I can? 
How would a duel currency economy work (picture Bitcoin accepted like a visa card), would one currency experience inflation, while the other deflation as the shift reduces scarcity of fiat?
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:12:56
That's only true if the key is unencrypted, or if you type your password at some point while a keylogger is present. You're still secure if everything remains encrypted. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:59:32
I don't follow, what would the market sort out?
@_date: 2014-04-27 16:59:16
I disagree. If I'm an attacker and find a bitcoin wallet, I can start cutting off fingers until you give me the password. If it's hidden online you're not open to that vulnerability, but have the same access to it. If your key is properly encrypted the odds of someone cracking it is lower than the odds of running into an attacker willing to cut off fingers. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:04:11
This is a problem with all currency. Banks assume the risk of inflation with a fixed rate for the loan. If you get a fixed rate at 5% in USD and future events cause 200% inflation for a few years then you benefit as a borrower as the value of what you have to pay back is much lower than what you initially borrowed. Banks can guard against this by having a variable interest rate. 
The problem with Bitcoin is actually the opposite as it is deflationary by design, in a standard loan repayment where all payments were equal your final payment would be worth much more than your first, the opposite of a traditional loan.
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:33:10
[Link for context](
@_date: 2014-03-09 05:15:10
So... the charts prove the dollar isn't a good store of value? It's designed to be inflationary, it's supposed to loose value. Dudley would say that that inflation is good for the economy, and that deflation should be avoided, nothing would be disputed. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 14:57:37
Absolutely. If your plan is to have a single electronic copy of your key on a cheap laptop you let your 12 year old use, then yes, a physical copy would be preferable because it is more likely to outlast your laptop. As silly as that scenario is, it happens. For the rest of us we'd do something like toss a copy on google drive, a copy on the work computer, home computer, email a copy to a friend. In that scenario it's much more likely that your stone will be destroyed or stolen then the electronic copy. It's also more likely that an attacker will find the stone and make you reveal your passphrase. 
And no, the distribution of an encrypted key does not mean you will be hacked. With how resource intensive BIP38 is, combined with a passphrase with enough entropy, you create a scenario where it is easier to guess your private key then to crack your encryption. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:53:01
Not necessarily, an attacker can torture you for a password, or government can threaten charges if you do not unlock. A truecrypt file with a second hidden volume can provide plausible deniability that you can't get with a paper wallet.  If the file was originally encrypted on an offline computer with a clean boot and no hardware keyloggers, and he has never used those passwords on an online computer than his risk is controlled. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 05:14:38


Don't use a random selection from the hundreds, select an open source distribution with a large development community and only download from a trusted source. Something like Ubuntu, or I use Mint. 


Not quite, it's secure because it loads a sterile OS from the CD and does not automatically execute code from your hard drive. Also unplug any network cables so you are isolated from the internet. 


It won't hurt anything, but it's not needed. Even if you have keyloggers or the sort, they won't be loaded into memory unless you start executing code from your hard drive. If you boot from a liveCD, your next likely vulnerability are hardware based attacks, like a keylogger built into your hard drive or mouse.  Very unlikely for most people unless you're a target for the NSA. 
@_date: 2014-08-17 14:04:10
That's a silly assumption, bitcoin is deflationary by design, it won't have the same velocity as an inflationary currency.
@_date: 2014-03-24 05:59:19
The early adopters will sell slowly as the price increases, they will sell to hedge against a loss, but there would be no reason to sell large quantities of their investment until the new market gets close to saturation.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 09:37:08
So, you're probably right that your type 1 are more likely to have faith in the currency, but I think the biggest limitation for the rest is simply lack of knowledge. Bitcoin is open source, so you don't have to trust it like a government or corporation, you can review the code yourself and either know it works right, or contribute to the project to fix it. Most of us don't have those skills, but we might know someone who does, or trust a tech blogger with greater knowledge. 
Also, there are good reasons to be skeptical even with faith in the actual protocol. Countries just took notice of bitcoin recently, we still have no idea how they will react if it gains a significant share of financial transactions. The financial industries spend billions to lobby governments, and bitcoin is a threat to the status quo. Your type 1 person may have good reason to shy away from such a market and take their millions to something with less uncertainty. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:56:03
You'll know you've made it when mass protests spring up calling for a redistribution of wealth while you know you're secure because you split your holdings amongst many cold wallets back '14 before they had to be registered,. The most they have tied to you is your current hot wallet. Oh how glorious it would be to watch the masses struggle to make in a year for what used to cost you a cup of coffee. A bit further down the line, you bounce your grandson on your knee, "A doughnut cost the same as a HOUSE??? Why where things so expensive when you were young, Granddad?" They will exclaim, unable to comprehend what its like to grow up in a deflationary world.
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:13:00
Um, that's not a protest, volumes of trade data is quite normal for the IRS, especially for high volume traders. In reality, unless your totals show less than what they expected from reported transactions they will take the figures you report at face value.  
@_date: 2014-07-11 03:00:36
Will you? Hyperdeflation depends on what the buyer intends to do with it, it doesn't require you to hold it forever. If they stuff it away for awhile its still low velocity.  Also, in a scenario where it's shooting up, do you really want to be the guy holding no coin? most would sell enough to hedge against a loss, but keep enough skin in the game to maintain an investment.
@_date: 2014-03-10 00:31:43
Those same type of vulnerabilities exist with paper wallets and are controlled by site security. Remember, the poster says he has experience in security, that would not be overlooked. The vulnerability of paper wallets is that the hash can be identified as a paper wallet. A government that searches your safe deposit box or attacker that finds your hiding place can identify the hash as a wallet and torture your children till you give the bip38 pass. With an encrypted volume you can safely reveal the password for the non hidden portion and the attacker will just think it's your porn stash. It's all about controlling what risks you are most greatly exposed to, not all of us are in the same situation.
@_date: 2014-04-21 23:24:48
And, most importantly, compatible with the largest number of smart phones.
@_date: 2014-07-23 19:08:11
So, it's good that you're aware of geographic dispersion, with physical wallets this is absolutely essential. It's also essential to ensure these are encrypted if you are going to follow this strategy. The downside to the strategy is an increase in risk of what they call rubber hose cryptoanalysis. Unfortunately as you increase copies you increase the likelihood that a criminal or a government entity will discover it and coerce you to give up the coin. 
Of course we hear less about the lost of paper wallets... most of the lost coin posts are from users that have no clue what happened and were generally quite reckless. When a paper wallet is lost there is no confusion as to what happened, no help to ask for. The only reason theft rates of physical wallets are low to non existent is because your smash and grab criminals have no idea what it is. Once this is mainstream and a private key is recognized, that will start to change.
As far as your fear of script kiddies... the trick is to make it so your risk remains low even if your computer or your online storage is compromised. It doesn't take much effort to have multiple layers of encryption that would require an insane amount of resources to crack even given Moore's law, especially without knowing that the file is even bitcoin related. The likelihood of a failure of a carefully encrypted file is lower than the risk of lost from coercion or theft presented with physical copies. 
I don't know what my exposure is compared to yours. I've only had skin in the game for 18 months and invested by purchasing vs mining, but it makes no difference. If your bitcoin holdings represent a portion of your wealth that would be inconvenient to lose you owe it to yourself to sit down and think about the threats out there, the likelihood that you will face them, and the odds that that type of attach would be successful. It might *feel* safe with something you can hold in your hand and defend with a shotgun, but physical items have inherent risks. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:27:16
Incase there are any suckers out there, notice the Verisign is for usf**I**ne.com not usf**L**ne.com This is a scam.
@_date: 2014-03-24 05:10:58
If we reach the market cap of gold, we should be much higher than $150k. Also factor in that not all bitcoins that exist are recoverable. There's got to be a large number of coins that have been lost through recklessness, lost keys, crashed hard drives. They might as well not exist and will drive the price up further. 
I do think we will be at risk of hyperdeflation once the New York markets open. Bitcoin price is extremely inelastic such that incredibly small amounts ("small" in the wall street sense) causes significant price movement. Think about it, who's going to sell when they know more wall street banks are coming online? Will anyone on this forum decide that early days of broad adoption is a good time to dump their coin? Like most of us, I'll be sitting here with a copy of my paper wallet in one hand and dick in the other watching the price tick up at $20 a min.
@_date: 2014-02-15 07:11:27
I don't think I fully understand. I'm sorry, but this has gotten longer than I like, I hope it's still readable. It has been years since I've taken economics, you may need to dumb it down for me, but let me see if I can outline my logic for comparison. When I try and think through this, I try and compare everything equally based on purchase power, so for an example, I'll use butter to represent the change CPI. I will try and explain how I envision a bond type loan to look like in both scenarios. I'll start with an inflationary currency, then outline deflationary, and you can point to where I'm off track.
3% inflation, 4% loan
Initial Loan Amount: 1000,
Initial Butter Cost: 10
**After one year with investment**
Cost of butter: 103,
Investor receives: 1040,
Loan repayment in butter: 10.10
**Without investment**
Cost of Butter:103,
Currency(1000) value in butter: 9.71
In this scenario the cost for the corporate bond is 0.10 units of butter. The benefit to the investor compared to cash is 0.39 butter units, or  4.01%.
 -3% Inflation, 4% loan
Initial Loan Amount: 1000,
Initial Butter Cost: 10
**After one year with investment**
Cost of butter: 97,
Investor receives: 1040,
Loan repayment in butter: 10.72
**Without investment**
Cost of Butter:97,
Currency(1000) value in butter: 10.31
In this scenario, the cost for the corporate bond is 0.72 in units of butter. The benefit to the investor is compared to cash is 0.41 butter units, or 3.98%.
The deflationary scenario cost the corporation 7.2 times what their cost was in the inflationary scenario when measured in terms of butter. The investor has slightly less benefit in the deflationary scenario, but much less significant. I'd expect cost will decrease the willingness for a corporation to expand and take on a loan, since that loan now costs 7.2% in butter units. Remember that the corporation isn't holding the cash, they spend it on input, labor, and assets that will depreciate and deflate with the cost of goods. The corporation actually have to produce more to cover the same loan. So how do you account for this? Even if you adjust the loan to 0%, it'd still cost 10.31 vs 10.10 units of butter to repay, with zero benefit to the investor. Since the investor is taking on risk, they'd never buy the bond. 
I've been trying to rethink this all afternoon, and I can't seem to get it to work in a way that both the investor and the corporation benefit from deflation. In fact, it gets even worse if I think further down the line. If the corporation buys machinery with a 5 year useful life, I would expect depreciation of 20%, but also a loss of 3% due to deflation. This is troubling if I need to liquidate the asset to repay the loan, I'd have to sell it for a cost 6% less than the inflationary scenario making it even harder to repay the loan. 
This is where I get stuck. I can't put together a scenario that makes it better or equal to do business with deflation. It may not result in hyperinflation tho, since lower competition would help keep prices high. The person who looses out the most is the one who doesn't hoard currency. For the poor this economy would be detrimental. Jobs that are barely profitable in butter units would be gone in favor of holding currency, and salaries would continuously be cut to match cost of living. Entrepreneurs who need loans would struggle against the above and fail unless significant gains are possible, all while dealing with the falling cost of their product. 
I really want to figure out something that works, but I can't wrap my head around it. I put it down on paper, but I can't get the butter value to look good for everyone with deflation. What are your thoughts? How would you create a scenario that generates a good return for everyone in my butter index?  
@_date: 2014-07-23 03:20:06
So I don't get it... You think the internet will be gone in 12 months? Or is it that it will be impossible to decrypt in 12 months? 
I mean, do you think it's impossible to read a floppy now? Or a tape drive? If you'd like to send me a couple of dozen bitcoin on a floppy it'd only take me a couple hours to get a drive online to read it, a tape drive might take a couple of days but is also doable.
@_date: 2014-07-07 19:18:18


So... if that wasn't a given, what was your original assumption? That they used a WiFi based attach vector on an offline cold wallet? 
It's possible that it was stolen from an offline cold wallet, but the exploit would have been from a weak brain wallet, or a shitty RNG, not WiFi.
@_date: 2014-03-17 01:10:49
I don't think you can call that hacking, there is no security around brain wallets to hack. Loosing money from a brainwallet without a basic knowledge of cryptography is more like leaving cash on a park bench and believing you were robbed when it isn't there when you come back.
@_date: 2014-02-14 21:49:04


What about to avoid risk? Right now a low risk investment, like investment grade corporate bonds, have yields of ~3.1%, barely above inflation. If my currency wasn't inflationary, why would I invest in these things? Would it not be more costly for businesses to attract the same investors, slowing growth?
@_date: 2014-07-21 20:49:26
This is why you always back up to Google drive or dropbox.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:30:26
"strawberry scented unicorn farts" are already taxed under current US tax laws. If someone pays you in unicorn farts, you must report the fair market value of those farts at the time of the transaction as income, and it will be taxed the same as other ordinary income. This is true of all barter transactions. If someone pays you a case of scotch to mow their lawn for the summer, the value of the scotch must be reported. Failing to do so violates the tax code and may be considered tax evasion. 
@_date: 2014-06-28 15:43:12
So, a bitcoin address can be used to track transactions back to popular sites like coinbase or an exchange and also may indicate how much you have. Your email is the real risk here. Your email would be used as a username at a bitcoin site, or as a password recovery for the site. If they gain access to the email through a weak password or social engineering your other accounts are at risk. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:26:25
As your bitcoin customer base increases, your % of fraudulent credit card charges will increase since fewer honest customers will choose that method of payment. Your credit card price should reflect the cost of doing business using that method and should increase to cover the fraud. Keep bitcoin priced closer to the cost of doing business. 
It's crazy to think that a few % of every dollar we spend goes to transaction fees, specialized payment terminals, and business expenses related to loss like this. 
@_date: 2014-02-10 18:31:44
No one can tell you this. If confidence is restored and the popularity of bitcoin continues to increase, like many of us will predict, then the current price is cheap and it's a good time to buy, enough so that I invested a bit more. It's also possible that the next piece of news could drive prices lower. 
Most importantly, don't invest money in bitcoin you can't afford to loose. The massive potential of bitcoin is not without significant risk. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:20:12
Na, it's easy for a human to make a password that is hard to crack. The problem with brainwallets is that their purpose is to recreate the wallet with just the pass phrase, so you don't have to save a key. Sit an average internet user down and instruct them to "create a password you can remember that is strong so it can't be cracked."  and see what you come out with. Most users have been trained by the internet that 8 characters, one uppercase, one lowercase, and one number are secure. It is not. 'M!ckeyMou5e' is quite predictable, even if your bank's website said it was strong. 
A decent random number generator uses the system clock, keyboard jitter, and mouse inputs to add entropy to it's numbers... there is nothing in the human brain analogous to it. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 20:54:03
The exchange rate is guaranteed at the time of the transaction and deposited daily, the time they actually hold it is irrelevant to the business. The business can also choose to hold it in coin and accept the risk of volatility. 
Also, "Long" confirmation times depends on if you require a confirmation. For something like a cup of coffee you can set it to 0 and not have to wait for a confirmation. Double spending is technically possible without a confirmation, but requires a large enough effort that you won't see it for incidental purchases. 
@_date: 2014-04-28 00:59:06
Thats not a problem. The beauty of an encrypted bitcoin key is that you can back it up everywhere online.
@_date: 2014-07-11 06:07:31
Adoption of bitcoin is still in the early stages. The deflation rate will be accelerated as we have greater adoption and the same coin is split between more people. It will remain volatile until then and will experience rapid changes in price. Basically your starting rate would be much higher if you assume a 7% rate over a long term. 
Also, bitcoin is different than the early 30's. Deflation happened during the gold standard and was stopped with the repeal of the gold standard. Had they stayed with a value tied to gold the rising gold value would increase investment in mining, and once mining production caught up the deflation would stabilize.
That can't happen with bitcoin, there is no way to adjust to deflation. With bitcoin a sudden investment in mining will increase difficulty. No matter how much is invested fewer coins will be produced each year until we hit 21m and, as private keys are lost, the supply of coins starts to shrink.
@_date: 2014-06-26 19:17:10
If someone wants to commit fraud there is no discount big enough to convince then to use bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 16:40:43
why not just keep them on the internet? you need the internet anyways to propagate the transactions. Then you don't have to reprint them each time your wallet destroys the paper. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 21:02:17
Don't. The water damage is because inkjet ink is water soluble. If you use a laser printer the numbers can still be read even in the event it becomes wet. If you want to take it a step further, archival paper made from cotton can be used. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 05:35:27
I found his next statement for context:


He is right, a stable, inflationary currency is preferable for economic growth. Inflation forces people to invest while being favorable to borrowers. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 08:13:21
They are not going to execute the transfer just because you asked in a ticket instead of through the site. 
Bottom line, their business is run by some kids that threw up a website to trade Magic the Gathering cards. With this latest pickle they are screwed. In the early days when they screwed up they benefited from being the only guys in town. Now we have several more professional exchanges that folks  can easily run to. 
People with your thinking are creating a run on their bank, and for good reason. I doubt they have enough coin to cover all deposits since we know at least some was stolen. Best case scenario is if they have been using the last few days to churn coin between exchanges to accumulate enough to cover everyone. Then again, they may also grab their cold storage and run. I'm willing to bet the most likely scenario is a bankruptcy where depositors are awarded a settlement for the amount they are owned. Pennies on the dollar. Good Luck!
@_date: 2014-07-03 19:24:09


So what do you expect? 
What would you do if you ran a service like Kraken? They received funds from an account flagged by a government agency as being investigated. I would freeze the account too and treat you like high risk. Even if I knew for a fact that the investigation was complete bullshit I would still freeze your account. No matter how you slice it, pissing you off for a few weeks has almost no risk compared with pissing off a government agency by ignoring funds from an account they flagged. 
@_date: 2014-03-24 15:14:50
First, that number is two years old. The same article puts production at 2,700 a year in 2011. Second, there are not 16 troy ounces in a pound, it's more like 14.6. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:03:19
The problem with deflation is that your casino owner's receipt's will decrease will deflation. If the average bet at baccarat is 0.5 bitcoin today, a year from now it might be 0.49, or 0.05 with hyperdeflation. A 1% bitcoin loan of 1,000 means you get 1,010 back after one year. The challenge from the business is that the interest, when the loan started, for a 2% house edge game that was an amount equal to only 1,000 hands of baccarat, with deflation after a year it now represents 1.020 hands, hyperdeflation it represents 10,000 hands to pay back just the interest on the loan. Inflation works the opposite way, the higher the inflation, the cheaper the loan is to repay. 
An online casino can probably operate with low overhead and high returns, so this may still be profitable to take the loan, but in a lot of industries that's enough to prevent expansion. You also have to think about it from an investor's perspective. Is 1% enough to convince me take my coin out of cold storage considering a business might fail? Perhaps, but I'm much more likely to invest in something with a 4-5% gain when my currency looses value from inflation.
 
@_date: 2014-03-21 16:49:04
That's only an issue for someone who doesn't have coin on hand. A large part of us that have adopted bitcoin can cover a $1k purchase without a problem, then just buy to cover without the wait being a problem. Eventually bitcoin will reach it's saturation point, wherever that might be, the price will settle down, and we will see steady inflation. At that point it will be more natural for average folks to keep a balance on hand for their internet purchases. 
@_date: 2014-11-09 02:31:49
lol, $100k probably has some decent time on the engine. These things are cheap because noone wants to spend the $1000 an hour to fly them. you are looking at $300 for fuel an hour plus  an average of $700-$800 in maintenance and other expenses per hour to keep it flying. 
@_date: 2014-11-09 16:42:42
For maintenance you have an engine that must be overhauled every 1000 hours and an airframe at 2000 hours. Those are crazy expensive since every part has to be inspected and repaired or replaced. That has to be done by a mechanic that's a bit specialized, and he's replacing parts that are hard to find. You also have insurance, hanger fees and annual that would be in that number as well. None of those are cheap. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 06:01:00
What! A business provides a complementarity service that appeals to it's customer base in a hope to do more business? The audacity! Grab the pitch forks, we shall burn them in effigy! 
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:00:52


Thanks, now I know I'm reading a credible economic analysis. 
@_date: 2014-03-30 05:55:02
I  tried this out tonight. First, I love the concept, I want to leave prizes on my favorite trails,  and leave a free beer at my favorite bar for the next guy.       
To make this really work you need to be able to add hints for the password, until then the location can be spoofed and the coins taken. I need to add a hint that is obvious if you stand in the same location, but not known to someone online. Until this is added I have to assume my coins will be taken by someone just plugging in coordinates. The time limit is nice, but folks can work with multiple devices and accounts, or just take a few a day.
@_date: 2014-07-22 20:18:40
Na, it's not. It's much safer to encrypt it and store it in an unassuming file on the internet somewhere. They say paper because it's easier to teach people to print something out then to teach them how to properly encrypt something and select a decent password. Even if the rates of loss are much higher with paper wallets it's easier to blame personal negligence when someone screws up a physical item vs an electronic copy.
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:52:27
So, the point of a brain wallet is to have a set of words you can memorize, so it can be easily memorized and recalled at a later date. There are over 600k words in the OED, so if they are chosen randomly it would be difficult to brute force it. This is true. The problem is that people are not random, your working vocabulary is not that large, and you are more likely to choose words familiar to you than not. Lets set that aside and assume a script was used to randomly select from 600,000 words, and you create an 8 word brainwallet. This should give you 1.7e46 combinations. Is it likely they will brute force this? No, not at all, but a randomly generated wallet without bias is choosing from a pool of 1.157e77 addresses, a much, much larger number. Using a brainwallet is not unsafe if the phrase is generated well, but why is it preferable? If you are a refugee on the run and can't safely keep anything physical, it might be best, but most of us are not. 
As for using it as a BIP38 password. Consider this, the attacker cracking your brainwallet doesn't necessarily have to hit your wallet, they are happy hitting any wallet. If you can estimate that 1,000 people have an 8 word password that is 1,000 times the incentive to try all possible combinations. The more popular brainwallets become, the greater the incentive. 
In the case of the BIP38 wallet the attacker would first have to have your encrypted key, limiting your exposure. Next they would have to match the passphrase with the key, but instead of trying to hit a random wallet, they are expending this massive effort for just one key offering much less incentive. Lastly, BIP38 is designed to be resource intensive making it really slow to crack.
@_date: 2014-04-27 17:21:23
Well, there's such a thing as plausible deniability. If you have something physical that is clearly an encrypted key the attacker will be more motivated than if something may or may not exist. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 16:29:28
No, it will not. It's true that quickly selling the currency will have an inflationary effect on the currency as the velocity increases, but that would only increase price if they were moving from a hold strategy to a instant sell strategy. We don't see that as we see merchants going from no transactions to instant bitcoin transactions. Bitcoin has an inelastic supply, so as the business adopts bitcoin the coin required for them to churn through their transactions will have to come from somewhere, and will push prices up.
If we lived in a world where the market was saturated with bitcoin and merchants were moving from a long term hold strategy to a instant transfer, then this would push the value of coin down. As long as merchants are moving from no bitcoin transactions to using bitcoin it will drive prices up. 
@_date: 2014-03-26 23:18:35
They'd probably let the apples slip. Painting your neighbor's house for cash isn't a barter exchange, you're being hired as a painter. Your income would be reported as schedule C income. Cash for silver is also not a barter exchange. The shop owner would report the cash received as part of his gross receipts and his profit would be taxed. You have nothing to report until you sell the silver, at that point the profit you made is taxable income. 
Now, what if one of your neighbors, or someone that overheard you talking about the painting job decides to report you to the IRS? It certainty happens, and if the amount is large enough, there's a reward. People can be assholes, if you keep pushing your luck they'll eventually catch you. 
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:28:44
If you're still wondering the decryption can occur several ways. You can use bitaddress.org to decrypt and retrieve the private key using the wallet detail tab, or you can import the bip38 key into a compatible wallet that will decrypt it on import and give you access to the coins. 
A word of advice on BIP38, It's a great way to secure your wallet, but also a point of failure. Have a plan in place such that if you drop dead suddenly your family can still access the funds. Otherwise little Johnny gets to watch a public key grow and grow without ever being able to access it. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 17:41:23
Those costs will drop with competition. Even in the market today if you are willing to deal with an exchange in a decent amount your percentage cost can be very low. In a competitive market, the price will come down on the vendor side now that they don't have to worry about charge back or fraud. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 00:45:14
Banks can be compromised by  governments. Some redditors live in areas where that level of trust does not exist.
@_date: 2014-07-23 06:04:14
You provided these examples, not me... My suggestions would take second to decrypt, much faster than digging out a safely stored paper wallet.  
Congrats on keeping the deed... The piece you are missing is the fact that it is not very common to keep a document safe that long. Many more important documents have been lost in fires, stolen, or destroyed through negligence. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 04:15:28
To add a bit more, there's two primary components to inflation, the money supply, and the velocity of circulation (or how fast the money changes hands).  As long as bitcoin is seen as a store of wealth, or an investment it's users will tend to hold the currency rather than spend it, driving the velocity of the currency way down and creating a deflationary environment.
We actually saw this during the credit crunch a few years ago with the USD. We experienced a very large increase in money supply in the US, but banks sunk billions into excess reserves instead of investing it and the rest of the economy slowed it's spending as well. The lower velocity kept the inflation rate lower than predicted and failed to produce the effect the fed was looking for. 
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:42:03
Um, no it doesn't. buying $1m in usd, gbp, eur will not cause a change in the exchange rate you would notice. In comparison a market order on bitstamp would drive the price up $14-$15.
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:19:02
Basically. Choosing something open source with a good community helps ensure it's close to truly random. Also, use something designed for bitcoin like bitaddress.org. Your security is influenced by the number of possible outcomes that the RNG is designed for, not just the ability to choose something random. 
Also, there are reasons NOT to encrypt with BIP38. If your wallet sits in a safe deposit box and you die, it is easier for your family to recover the funds if the key is not encrypted. Loss of the pass phrase should be looked at as another point of failure and balanced based on your risks. 
@_date: 2014-07-23 03:35:42
Well, that depends. All of those services require that you trust the company to a certain degree. Some, like blockchain, allow you to back up your wallet and recover it without the server so you have some level of protection if the company goes tits up. There's also a certain degree of risk associated with people even knowing you have bitcoin and many of those sites can be used to identify you. That's why an encrypted container saved randomly online is better, an encrypted bitcoin wallet looks the same as last year's tax documents, an old address book, or anything else you might encrypt that no one gives a shit about.
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:56:08
The point is, you can't hide a paper wallet well. Even if you write it casual in a margin of a book, or with invisible ink, a well motivated attacker can find it and at recognize it as a key or encrypted key.
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:43:59
So, first of all, you are right. The standard response you hear here is that "the market will adjust" and that is true to a point. With bitcoin you can continue to add zeros, people can still barter with it. People will still have needs and wants, so trade will still happen. 
There are two major problems here. First, with deflation there is always an incentive, no matter how small, to wait a little longer before spending your coin. That will have a slowing effect on the velocity of currency. 
Second is the lending market. In inflation, low risk investments benefit both the lender and the borrower. The lender gets a several percent return, and the borrower has an extremely low cost when adjusted for inflation. With deflation the borrower has the same need and is just as risky, but the adjusted cost of giving a lender the same rate of return is much higher. If the "market adjusts" to a lower rate you can lower the impact to the borrower, but in this scenario you'd be asking the lender to take on the same risk at a very low return on investment. 
I'd conclude by saying that these are just reasons as to not base an entire country's economy on it. It can still function quite well as an international method to transfer funds, a way of paying for things without opening yourself to fraud, and a way to store value as part of a balanced investment strategy. 
@_date: 2014-02-15 07:38:16
If a savings account is 4% and inflation is 3%, then the adjusted rate of return is only 1%... This is why savings accounts are empty, you don't loose much by just spending your currency instead of saving it. 
In deflation, at an opposite -3% inflation that same 4% account would yield an adjusted 7%, much more inviting to savers... but you are absolutely right, no bank would give that high a rate in that reality.
@_date: 2014-07-11 16:44:30
I'd expect them to be run through one of those coin exchanges that clean coins, or processed through enough transactions to obscure their origin. I mean, I'm sure it's a royal pain in the ass, but I don't think the thief would sacrifice $400k worth of coin to avoid it. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:25:47
It still won't work out to be favorable. Take an investment grade bond. You're looking at a 4% yield. You want the same investment in bitcoin, so you tie your terms to consumer prices to be inflation neutral. If inflation is 2%, you have roughly 2% adjusted gain in value. If bitcoin's deflation is 2%, and your terms say you repay at 2% over your prices, then there is zero benefit for the person loaning the coins, the repayment would be the same as the loan amount.
The next thing is that loan terms will offer a higher interest rate, say 3% over your consumer index to provide a 1% benefit. That's nice, but from the loaner's perspective they are being asked to assume the same risk for only 1% gain in adjusted value. The inflationary currency would make it more encouraging for the loaner to take that risk because of the loss of value holding currency. 
I don't want this to be true, but I have not found evidence that indicates that it is not true. I put it on paper, compare inflation to deflation in terms of a hypothetical inflation adjusted widget, factor in decreasing costs of input and labor, but it always indicates that inflation is favorable. 
@_date: 2014-03-24 08:27:21
The value of all gold mined is ~6.9 trillion. Divide that by 12.2 million coins mined to date and you get around 565k if we had the same market cap. 
@_date: 2014-04-27 18:08:13
What risk?
@_date: 2014-07-11 01:45:01
it's possible. The reason is because the deflationary nature of bitcoin can encourage hoarding adding to deflationary pressure. Depending on how crazy hording gets it can create a hyperdeflationary scenario. Since bitcoin can keep adding zeros at the end, there's no limit to it's potential value. 
Comparing value to existing currency is not correct. Fiat currency is inflationary and as a result there is no long term value in in hoarding it. Bitcoin is the opposite. It is deflationary by design allowing folks to hold coin without losing value. How quickly folks want to spend their money is referred to as the velocity of currency and basically means that the slower folks spend their cash the lower the inflation (or higher the deflation). All this means that bitcoin is at risk of a high rate of deflation, or even hyperdeflation depending on how people view the currency when it goes mainstream. Since bitcoin can be updated to add zeros it will remain usable as a currency no matter how high it goes making the big hoarders richer, at least on paper, than anyone else in history. 
It's possible for bitcoin to be valued higher than fiat currencies, but don't expect it to replace it. Bitcoin has many advantages to individuals, but zero for governments, lenders, and borrowers. There will come a point when government and big business will draw a line in the sand. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 19:00:56
It's not a country, it has no economy. It's a medium of trade and commodity. Do you say "Dollar Economy" or "Gold Economy"? Of course not, because both are used by countries with both strong economies and shitty economies. The price of bitcoin will always be tied to basic market factors, it's pretty normal to try and identify an event to cause a sudden move in price. 
@_date: 2015-01-18 18:49:14
That's a pretty shitty solution too, archive grade paper reacts poorly to fire... something this sub likes it ignore. Punching, engraving, or scratching on a piece of metal is smarter. Best option is to drop it in an encrypted container and store it in several areas online tho.  
@_date: 2016-01-08 01:10:16
Ya, I don't understand. It's an article supporting a hard fork from core, a development effort to support it, and a commitment from a processor to process large blocks. This meets this sub's definition of an altcoin as well as promoting a contentious hard fork so we should see bitpay removed both from here and bitcoin.org... 
Is it a sign the censorship is thawing? 
@_date: 2014-03-26 21:19:58
lol, that doesn't make it legal. The IRS overlooks small transactions all over the place, but they have been known to go after barter transactions. People that actively try to barter can rack up enough to warrant an investigation and the IRS has been known to go after them. Since bitcoin is property, using it as a "currency" will be considered a barter transaction. Since we now have people using it to earn a living, you can be certain the IRS will make an example of a few of them. 
@_date: 2017-03-10 05:00:33
Those statements are made based on the possibility of classic eventually overtaking BU hash rate again, but all of those companies are ultimately beholden to their investors and customers. The higher the activation point of BU, the greater the risk they are accepting by holding that position. If they activate at 75% or greater it's a massive liability to accept 40-50 min blocks for over a month. 
Eventually the network needs a scaling solution. Everyone agrees on that. Segwit is out there now, you can see the adoption rate. If core can't gather enough support to activate it these companies will sing a different tune as the liability of this divide mounts.
@_date: 2017-03-19 10:19:10


No, it won't. The contract ends at the end of the year and the chain has to fork for BU to win the contract. This is a terrible bet for BU. Even if they clearly win majority support and have an activation date of 1/1 set BCC wins the contract.  This is a gamble, not a way to profit early.
@_date: 2017-03-19 10:19:15


No, it won't. The contract ends at the end of the year and the chain has to fork for BU to win the contract. This is a terrible bet for BU. Even if they clearly win majority support and have an activation date of 1/1 set BCC wins the contract.  This is a gamble, not a way to profit early.
@_date: 2017-03-09 20:49:31
You're ignoring the economic impact of a split. The major exchanges will come out and support longest chain to insure stability. Coins on the minority chain will be dumped as it's a low risk way to take cash from anyone buying.  Mining on the minority chain will not be profitable. If you're concerned with 51% of the hash rate operating together at a loss as an attack, then that risk exists today. There's nothing stopping miners from mining off an orphaned block and regaining longest chain to invalidate transactions.
@_date: 2017-03-09 18:52:24
that's not an issue. coinbase will just require a certain number of confirmations before releasing funds. If the split happens right at 50% then it will bounce back and forth between the two chains every few blocks, but once there is a clear majority chain the difficulty on the minority chain will put it so far behind it can never catch up. The only way the minority chain would catch up is if core changes the difficulty in an update, but if they do that no other client will accept their blocks.
@_date: 2017-03-20 23:49:37
It's safe to say the POW hardfork will be used as the core fork is going to be made unusable.  There's no question, and it's all because of the block size limit. When the chain forks core will have minimum 20 min block times. That will cause a massive backup to the point it's not usable. It won't just take twice as long, half the capacity means a massive backlog that just grows unless people abandon it. Now, there's going to be folks that think that's survivable, as anyone who needs a transaction is willing to pay the fees to get it through, right? Well consider this, you don't just have to compete with legitimate transactions for space on the blocks, you will have to compete with BU supporters, who consider your fork worthless, submitting transactions with high fees back and forth between addresses just to knock legitimate transactions off the block. I don't even know if that's an attack, as shifting coins between wallets is normal. Core's only option to survive this is a POW change. 
@_date: 2017-01-30 06:53:52
It doesn't adjust every two weeks, it adjusts every 2016 blocks, if you operate at 50% that's 4 weeks. If the chain splits close to the end of the 2016 the adjustment would be negligible and make your wait period longer. That's no way all the for profit miners will gamble on a minority chain that long... They're going to point their hashing equipment to whatever is profitable, and that will always be the majority chain.
@_date: 2017-01-30 07:56:26
That can only happen theoretically. When the split occurs one of the two chains will be more profitable to mine, the exchanges will prefer one coin over the other... There's simply going to be one chain where more business is conducted based on the client they use, and that is where the miners flock. Even if the markets are somehow identical for both coins, hash rate will never be exactly 50% split, there will be a bias. The reason for this is because if the split is at 50%, random chance will flip flop the longest chain back and forth between bu and classic. Because classic blocks are accepted by bu this simply means the split is orphaned by BU and we are one chain again thanks to the longest chain rules. To actually create a split chain longer than a few blocks BU will have to clearly have over 50%, if it doesn't miners will prefer classic to avoid the chance to mine a block that might be orphaned. One it's clear BU has more hash rate the miners will prefer it, and every miner that moves increases the incentive.
@_date: 2017-01-30 07:15:27
Well, no. If the exchanges and clients remain on the shorter chain the miners will switch to that chain so they will continue to be able to liquidate coin. Once it regains over 50% it will eventually become the longest chain again until the next split. The only way for bu to chain to survive is if it both remains the most profitable and has the highest hash rate. 
If we see a truly split market, the miners will start moving to whatever is most profitable. Most miners are in this for the money, they will point their hashing power to the greatest profit and every miner that leaves the losing chain increases the profitably of the winning chain and decreases the profitability of the losing chain.
@_date: 2017-01-30 05:31:44
That's a bit misleading, any altcoin would be unusable. If it forks the shorter chain will immediately lose over 50% of it's hashing power instantly over doubling the block time. In addition most exchanges will tend to follow longest chain so new coins will see a massive drop in price. Any miner that is profit oriented, as most are in this chain, will switch to the most profitable chain as soon as possible. Hash rate will plummet and block time will skyrocket until it's either totally unusable, or the difficulty adjusts assuming they can even mine that many blocks.
@_date: 2015-08-15 02:35:29
And none of that is a problem if you recognize and understand it. You shouldn't do anything but the most benign transactions through a coinbase wallet, anything else should be obscured through other wallets. As long as it's still the easiest way to get coin we should still recommend it.
@_date: 2019-12-18 00:06:56
Don't forget the obscene exchange rate. I was excited when these first started showing up, but every I've encountered has made me walk away. The one I ran into yesterday was selling bitcoin at over 8k. I don't mind a fee or a fee + 1% or something, but a lot of these are out to victimize suckers instead of providing a service.
@_date: 2015-07-22 17:51:45
Why should they? This isn't a case of their neighborhood bank making life difficult, these are accounts held in a foreign bank. Operating expenses should be expected to be high on those types of accounts and there might be other factors such as criminal activity that might be higher on these accounts.
@_date: 2015-07-22 17:29:52
Closing the account. There's nothing shady going on here, there are expenses associated with operating accounts for the clients, it's simply no longer profitable for low balance accounts.
@_date: 2019-12-18 00:30:18
I'd like to be able to use them when traveling, fly into Vegas, withdraw the money to gamble, then deposit winnings without having to leave the security of the casino. I'm the target demographic for this, but at those rates nope, I'll use an exchange and pay the atm free.
@_date: 2019-12-20 05:30:31
Or perhaps the price of coffee skyrocketed.
@_date: 2015-07-22 18:20:45
There can be other risks and expenses to the bank, it might be at higher risk for fraudulent activity, fewer protections from the government for the bank... or it might just be that this group of users conduct a large quantity of low dollar transactions, something that might be expensive. The point is, although it's shitty for the targeted individuals, a bank is still a business and a decision to stop serving a market segment is pretty normal.
@_date: 2017-04-20 10:21:54
We already know that. Miners can set their own max block size below the limit like they did before we started getting full blocks. It's advantageous for miners to limit below the max for two reasons, faster block propagation, and to drive up fees for folks that want fast confirmations. A large block limit simply allows for competition between miners to decide what the optimum size is. 
@_date: 2015-09-29 06:43:16
I got the exact same thing after depositing gambling winnings from Vegas when I was buying my house. Your bitcoin deposit is being treated the same as a cash deposit. Mine didn't require a form, just a signed statement to it's origin, but it was excluded from consideration the same as your scenario.
@_date: 2017-06-14 15:25:38
Yes they do, soft fork are only soft with clear majority hash rate, if they don't they won't follow the longest chain and fork off. They're only soft because preview nodes will accept their blocks.
@_date: 2017-06-14 08:29:00
It's also only viable if there's enough support for it right away. If the UASF forks off and there's still a minority of large block miners on the legacy chain then they need to release enough blocks to prevent a reorg. 