@_author: realseriousstuffaaa
@_date: 2019-12-12 12:01:44
Youre asking "why invest in something that no one controls". Its the same question as why invest in gold or water.
@_date: 2019-12-13 16:47:44
My investment in bitcoin is not an investment in despair any more than shorting the oil industry and longing renewable energy would be an investment in despair. 
It's an investment in reality. Its a matter of practicality. 
Sure i wish i saw a smoother and more likely path- but that doesn't change that i just dont see that happening with much likelihood. Wishing doesnt help anyone. You cannot help anyone if you are yourself helpless. Im not sacrificing myself because other people cant see the way the tide is turning. Im not sacrificing myself to protect the pride of those who refuse to see whats happening here. Theres a group suffering today, and would benefit from the democratization of our financial system, and theres a group that may be suffering in the future from the same democratization. Whats immoral is thinking your group deserves to be saved more than the other group. 
Me, though? I'm not foolish enough to think i could influence it even if i wanted to.
@_date: 2019-12-13 16:37:43
Think about the concept itself of managing resources strategically in an effort to preserve or even grow the amount of resources you control. Systematically trading things for other things in pursuit of a greater goal: to end up in a better position.


Thats an interesting notion, one that i dont necessarily disagree with actually, but USD isnt a dividend generating asset, so would you disagree with the idea of holding bitcoin in place of any USD I might otherwise be holding? How much of your money is in USD? its not a dividend generating asset, so i guess you shouldnt be holding any?
Who said anything about hoping for the financial exchange system to go down? Who's investing in despair? I bought some bitcoin. If you think that will cause despair i think thats strange. Why do you think that? Would me buying gold cause despair?
You know, life is really interesting, and often we find ourselves misled. At a glance you dont want to profit off something negative, because you feel its somehow immoral. The bigger picture, however, is you cannot help people if you have no resources, and if something is going to happen, and you can predict it, is it immoral NOT to act, and then not have the resources, and be unable to help?
And who is it that would be in despair? The proposition of bitcoin is that we change the way resources are distributed. Bitcoin has potential to lessen demand for conventional financial services, so i suppose some people working at banks might be laid off, but theyre already being laid off in favor of technological solutions (thats the automation we keep hearing about). Not to mention they arent exactly a disenfranchised group.
And the people who stand to benefit largely are being taken advantage of.
My feeling with bitcoin, the morality angle, is that everyone should have equal control over their fate. And if that means no one has control, maybe thats preferable.
The question you need to ask yourself is why do you personally feel threatened by this? Are you benefitting from the status quo, where some people have more control over the way new money is generated or distributed? Or are you sort of in a bout of Stockholm Syndrome, protecting a cold indifferent machine which really doesnt have your best interest at heart?
You know whats selling despair? Selling cigarettes. Or heroin. 
Selling despair is when youre in the country where im the king, theres $1000 in circulation, i give you 7$ a week to mow my lawn, then i print $1000 more dollars to buy a boat and suddenly your money is worth half as much, cause now theres twice as much in circulation, literally taking money out of your pocket without you ever realizing. Thats selfish. Thats what causes real actual problems for people on an incalculable level. 
I dont feel guilt. I think you feel regret you didnt buy in sooner. Which is completely understandable. But theres no reason not to let go of the grudge, and definitely not some moral crusade that youre coming up with. Let go of that. Coming up with a moral excuse for why youre glad you didnt invest wont make up for the missed opportunity. Just buy in. We all missed the boat. I'm sure little to no one who bought in for 1 penny is still holding the same coins. We all missed some opportunity. But you have no excuse not to take action today. What do you want? in 3 years you want to still be talking about how the reason you didnt invest in bitcoin is actually somehow because you took the high road and protected everyone?