@_author: realityasitis
@_date: 2019-07-07 23:48:36
The important thing about debt is that it allows for the stability of prices via a timeshift.  In old times land, something like a mill was expensive to make, but had well understood efficiency gains (read returns and value). So they could create the capital for the construction of a mill.  This is like time shifting money to the future.  You create the money to back the existance of a future mill ( and you want to create the money to reflect the increased productivity to keep prices stable, otherwise you would depress local prices since so much of the local money would be tied up in the mill project while it was being built)
@_date: 2019-05-14 22:06:34
It's not about paying taxes or being a libertarian exactly.  Silicon Valley engineers are utilitarians.  We (generally) don't mind paying taxes if the taxes are put behind sensible efficient policies.  We see no reason for being arbitrarily racist, antigay, anti-Semitic, or whatever.  That's because rank and file tech jobs are a meritocracy in a way few other sectors are.  We don't care what color you are, if you cross dress, or whatever weird quirks you have ( tech workers have a lot of weird quirks, even brogrammers ) as long as you can GET SHIT DONE.  We're generally just trying to solve problems, not punish people for things out of their control, or virtue signal meaningless bullshit.
We want to FIX PROBLEMS, that's the whole reason we're in this field.
@_date: 2019-05-14 22:18:46
Because crypto prevents Keynesian deficit spending.   Having a flexible monetary supply (by creating money through self cancelling debt) is useful for stability ( and wars ).
There is a reason FDR confiscated all the gold in the US.  Economic regulation is difficult with hard money ( gold ) just changing exchange rates with paper money in response to monetary policy.  (That is, printing more money doesn't so shit if Bitcoin ( gold ) is the real money, it just changes the exchange rate between USD and Bitcoin (assuming things are priced in bitcoins)).
Bitcoin is clearly bad for government's whose primary powers are currency control and use of force.