@_author: realgrizzlydad
@_date: 2017-09-21 16:58:25
Yep. With $400M plus of funny money sloshing around across all the exchanges who knows what's going to happen if and when it blows up.
Kraken seems somewhat safe because the ONLY USDT pair they offer is the USD/USDT - i.e. if you want to waste your USDs on tethers be our guest but the exchange isn't touching that.
But I still wouldn't want to bank on how long tether/bitfinex can keep it pegged. They have a large portion of the market believing that they can effectively print USDs. That means they can make a crap ton of real money. A crap ton of real money can peg the one USD/USDT peg for a very long time if it keeps the scheme going, longer than a lot of small traders can stay solvent. It probably costs them a lot to keep the peg, but not anywhere near as much as they're making.
Worst case scenario is that they have already traded a significant portion of that $120M in new tethers into actual money (BTC, ETH or USD) across all the various exchanges. Do you want to try to play against $120M?
In this sense tether/bitfinex MAY actually have a very large asset base - but they only reason they have it is that they printed a bunch of car wash tokens and traded them for legitimate currency to a bunch of dupes. Game for them is now to extract as much actual money as they can from the scam before it blows up.
I heard bitfinex is going to start issuing dividends to 'Shareholders'. Ask yourself this question. What legitimate very high growth company in what they believe to be a massive and growing market issues dividends at this early stage? The answer is none. None of them do. High growth companies with huge potential plow that money back into their company for growth. Crooks try to extract it to personal bank accounts as fast as they can.
@_date: 2017-09-22 17:56:36
One of the bitfinex employees that posts regularly. bfx_drew. He wrote it as a "look how awesome we are we're doing so well we're issuing big dividend checks" comment. But it screamed warning bells in my head.
I've been looking for it again but can't track it down. It was deep in the comment thread of another post.
@_date: 2017-09-23 05:14:35
Yea - I can understand all in on crypto as a whole much more than I can understand all in on bitcoin itself. The technology is Distributed Ledger and the blockchain, that's much bigger than just BTC. And anyone who thinks BTC is destined to be the end winner is way too confident. Doesn't mean it can't be. But there are always AOLs or myspaces before you get to google or facebook. Pretending otherwise is naive.
@_date: 2017-09-21 14:51:42
A couple reasons that the peg could be holding:
1. Enough people looking to make short-term trading profits on the rest of the market. If many believe the peg will hold, even for a short period, you can go in and out of USD/USDT to arb other parts of the market.
2. Where is the arb opportunity if you wanted to take advantage of it? Anything involving some sort of cross exchange arb involves playing on BitFinex. If the exchange is crooked then I'm playing on their monopoly board with them as the banker and they can close up and go home at any time once they've won enough. No thanks. That leaves a direct arb on USD/USDT.
3. There's only one place this is possible. Kraken. The USD/USDT pair on Kraken is such a tiny market that it would not be very difficult for a big-pocketed player to keep that peg stable. The fact that the peg has remained so stable for so long after the chaos early this year suggests something like this is happening. Question - what changed since April that would legitimately stabilize that peg and keep it at the same level of stability we've seen over the last few months? Answer - nothing, banking still isn't re-established, if anything things have gotten worse. Someone with deep pockets is keeping it pegged.
@_date: 2017-09-21 05:26:04
That's because there isn't anyone purchasing tethers with actual USD.
1. Any small players can't get money in because their USD banking has been cut off for many months.
2. They claim it's large institutional clients with "special" relationships with them. This is baloney. Even if a very large institutional investor was clamoring to get exposure to BTC or any other crypto there are many better ways to do such a thing (Get GS to write you a contract, Coinbase/GDAX with the backing of massive top VC funds, etc.). No $25M+ buyer is sending money to tether.to
3. Anyone that believes that such "Large Institutions" exist is a fool. Telling a bunch of chumps that "Big Unknown Players" are investing is technique number 1 when running a massive financial scam which it's looking increasingly likely Bitfinex/tether are engaging in.
Everyone should be very scared of what's going on at tether and Bitfinex. Add up all the fiat to crypto daily trading volume. Over 30% of it is sitting on Bitfinex or trading vs. what are most likely worthless tethers. What happens to the BTC/USD price if that blows up. This does not a pretty picture make.