@_author: realrafaelcruz
@_date: 2018-01-06 06:52:12
I don't think it will be like that. More likely is a massive debt write down at some point in the coming decades which will mean tons of people's assets will effectively disappear. It will be bad, but not end times or anything.
And my outcome is a more extreme one. Another possibility is that we have mild inflation that keeps pace with our growth which is fine too.
You're view on wage growth is correct, but a more rational trade policy w/ less deficits and some UBI could fix that.
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:45:29
The thing that frustrates me is there is too much speculation around this. I don't think crypto is having enough of an actual impact to have a $500 Billion market cap like we hit in the past week. Vitalik had a good thread on it.
Until crypto is actually getting lots of use besides people just buying and holding such as people using it during hyperinflation, hitting certain transactions/second metrics, getting fees or confirmation time down etc. then we're in speculation land.
Which is sad, because it would be way more valuable if all the hype around blockchain wasn't driven by speculation. It's actually causing it to be highly undervalued imo.
@_date: 2017-12-22 08:01:53
Bitcoin is clearly functioning as mostly speculation right now if you look at the market cap vs. impact, but the technology is sound. If you look at milestones such as transactions/second over a full day and things like that as accomplishments over price then you'll be a lot happier in the long run. Blockchain is still a fantastic way to decentralize networks in a trustworthy way and turn them into merit based market systems. Math is more reliable than an institution as a basis of governing a network.
Any centralized network such as a clearing house will be displaced in the coming decades regardless of whatever speculation is going on right now. You'll see.
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:56:31
If crypto can't become resilient enough to resist bad actors then it's not as useful as we all think it will be.
@_date: 2017-12-22 08:10:09
If Vitalik is out there questioning the run up then I'm going to side with his analysis. Yes, markets are forward looking, but speculation is still clearly dominant right now.
Crypto doesn't have a large enough impact yet to justify a $500 Billion market cap, but it will. We all just need to do a lot more work before we pat ourselves on the back because everybody is trying to jump in and get rich.
People are talking about 100k/coin within 5 years, but if we truly are going to get there then there is going to have to be some serious displacement of existing financial infrastructure first imo.
I don't buy this argument that crypto is a replacement for gold. Baby Boomers are not going to rely on it unless it becomes easy to use, faster, safer exchanges, and transaction fees are lower.
@_date: 2017-08-13 03:13:20
This is one thing that confuses me. It seems like more people are viewing bitcoin as an asset instead of a currency to use. Isn't the whole point of it's value is that it's a superior way to trade? Why is this currency so valuable if people are just buying and holding it?
Edit: I'm obviously new here lol.
@_date: 2017-11-03 00:10:36
He's been outed as a troll. Nothing he says should be believed.