@_author: realtltd
@_date: 2017-08-28 19:22:31
AirBnb will struggle with moving their operation to direct payments between guests and hosts in cryptocurrency. This will paralyse their business model and the established way of monetization. If they continue to charge various commissions and fees even after moving to the cryptocurrency, they will not get a competitive advantage from such migration. If they stop charging commissions and fees, they will lose income that is needed for operating a company with 3,100 employees. So it is unlikely that Airbnb will ever implement such change.
We agree that it's an obvious market opportunity, and that's why we create a platform  
REALT is a global Airbnb-style marketplace on cryptocurrency and smart contracts, addressing $100 billion rental market. REALT aims to be the real estate market infrastructure that supports the growing blockchain economy. Payments will be in REALT tokens. No commission, no currency conversion fees, no service charges. No middleman. Just a smart contract. Full value for guests and hosts.
Even if Arbnb will be forced by the market to make such drastic qualitative reform of their business model, REALT will be already far ahead and have a competitive advantage due to time and expertise. We will use tokens and smart contracts from the day one, and our platform will be optimised for the cryptocurrency, both from a technological viewpoint and a business model. In addition, we are targeting a bigger market as we plan to offer listings and advertising services for all types of real estate.
REALT key features are
+ Cryptocurrency and smart contracts
+ Direct payments between market participants in REALT tokens
+ No guest service fees (typically, 5-15%)
+ No host service fees (typically, 3-5%)
+ No currency conversion charges (typically, 3%)
+ REALT tokens can be also used to pay for advertising services of the REALT marketplace
+ REALT tokens can be used outside of REALT marketplace, directly by using transfer betweens wallets
+ Global community can use REALT tokens by providing additional services and building value-add platforms
Above fees won't be needed any longer. We believe that REALT on cryptocurrencies and Ethereum can transform the market.