@_author: realvisiontv
@_date: 2015-10-16 18:40:47
Dan Morehead is widely known in the financial space from his time as Chief Financial Officer and head of macro investing at Tiger Management, one of the world's largest hedge fund between 1980-2000. In 2003 he launched his own macro-style hedge fund called [Pantera Capital]( and in March 2014 Pantera announced it was shifting its investment focus entirely into Bitcoin.
The full hour-long interview is free to watch with a Real Vision [free trial]( Other Bitcoin-focused interviews are also inside, including discussions with Barry Silbert, Chad Cascarilla, Raoul Pal, and more.
Real Vision is the world’s only video-on-demand channel for finance, showcasing unique in-depth interviews and presentations from the world’s sharpest independent analysts, fund managers, and investors. This interview is an excerpt from The Chain, where finance legends ask in-depth questions of each other in a knock-on series of peer-to-peer interviews. In this episode of The Chain, Dan is interviewed by Microsoft former head of corporate strategy turned tech angel investor Charles Songhurst.
In the next link of The Chain, Dan Morehead will go on to interview Wences Casares, founder / CEO of Xapo and "patient zero" of Bitcoin in Dan's world.
@_date: 2015-10-19 19:24:57
Dan Morehead is widely known in the financial space from his time as Chief Financial Officer and head of macro investing at Tiger Management, one of the world's largest hedge fund between 1980-2000. In 2003 he launched his own macro-style hedge fund called Pantera Capital, and in March 2014 Pantera announced it was shifting its investment focus entirely into Bitcoin.
The [full hour interview]( is free to watch with a Real Vision free trial. Other Bitcoin-focused interviews are also inside, including discussions with Barry Silbert, Chad Cascarilla, Raoul Pal, and more.
Real Vision is the world’s only video-on-demand channel for finance, showcasing unique in-depth interviews and presentations from the world’s sharpest independent analysts, fund managers, and investors. This interview is an excerpt from The Chain, where finance legends ask in-depth questions of each other in a knock-on series of peer-to-peer interviews. In this episode of The Chain, Dan is interviewed by Microsoft former head of corporate strategy turned tech angel investor Charles Songhurst.
In the next link of The Chain, Dan Morehead will go on to interview Wences Casares, founder / CEO of Xapo and "patient zero" of Bitcoin in Dan's world.