@_author: realheadway
@_date: 2014-01-24 07:02:32
Inflation is NOT when a currency loses value, that happens when goods available in that currency raise prices. Inflation BY DEFINITION is when the money supply grows... It inflates. By this definition, Bitcoin is growing in money supply and at a considerable rate, I think it's something like 13% a year. Why bit-coiners overlook this, I have no idea... The bitcoin supply right now is 12,304,700 BTC. I remember when it was just over 10,000,000. That's a significant growth, you can't ignore that. It's when the user base and new adopters to the currency outstrip that growth in supply and demand skyrockets that you get APPRECIATION. Not the same as DEFLATION. Deflation by definition would be when the money supply shrinks, like when Katrina hit, and a bunch of cash became unusable. Deflation in the vernacular though, usually means when no one has money, and price of goods go down to compete for that money. It's basically when too many goods are chasing too few dollars in the hands of the people on main street. Similar to what happened during the depression. Similar to whats happening in the USD today, no one has it. They don't necessarily want to use it especially, just that they're forced to use it... but they don't have it. "Hyperinflation" (a term denoting skyrocketing prices) is when too many dollars are chasing too few goods. If the 150,000 BTC that was transferred a few months ago, along with other huge hordes of BTC actually were to hit the market at once to try and buy up dollars, or goods, or whatever... BTC would crash. Users and power-players (ie. large horders) will always effect the markets most and either foster or harm the growth of the currency. Just as banks do...
@_date: 2014-09-05 02:58:48
Ethereum includes a built-in Turing-complete scripting language, which allows you to code the features yourself through a mechanism known as “contracts”. The "Magic Spark  of Insight" behind Ethereum is the creation of a generalized smart contract and decentralized application platform utilizing a stateful Turing-complete VM.
Basically it means that anything that can be mathematically represented can be run on Ethereum. Gavin Wood (one of Ethereum's core developers) describes it as "a transactional singleton machine with
If you'd like to see what some contracts look like, check out mintchalk.com. You can check out the Proof of Concept 5 series right now and see more for yourself. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 06:24:10
There is in fact no way to even distinguish node ownership, unless you identify owners... I don't think miners would gladly give up their anonymity
@_date: 2014-01-24 07:16:09
Try paying back a loan denominated in Bitcoin.
That's an issue.
For such freedom minded people to want to funnel people into a currency and claim that it's universally acceptable, but can't use credit, because I'm unsure of it's value in the future and I may never be able to pay it back if it appreciates to say $10,000, $100,000, $1,000,000... Pick your number but you're seeing stars. It's kinda hypocritical. I'd rather not be a debt slave, and have it always get harder and harder to pay off that debt if I so CHOOSE to go that route.
Also, look at the populist movement, where the rich bankers who controlled all the gold, hoarded it, while we were on the gold standard. Farmers had to compete so much harder when Big Agro came in, that they were living off hardly anything. Their crops would spoil and they just couldn't make it. The little guy (the machine workers) couldn't get a loan to start a business, and why would anyone lend, when their money is gaining so much value everyday? It got so bad, they started a movement to instate silver as a standard as well, and have a Bimetallic Standard. It's what the book The Wizard of Oz is actually based on.