@_author: realz-slaw
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:17:19
You can use the blockchain for logical time.
Start the game on a particular block height, x.
Let take the hash some blocks later, at y, y &gt; x.
Then take the first few bits of H(y.hash) to make an additional delay, so if H(y.hash) = a3c01..., you can say, take a3=163, and the event will trigger at height y+163.
This scheme means that until y occurs, no one knows when the winner is chosen.
An alternate scheme would be to simply choose and publish a short bit sequence that would be matched against the ending of the hash of each block. Each block, try to match it against the hash. So for example, imagine we choose "4b2", then we will keep waiting until we find a block in the future that will end in "4b2" (this example would have to wait ~2838 blocks to have a 50% chance of match, if my math isn't wrong).
@_date: 2014-06-03 05:20:30
Yeah, I'm sure everyone knows what use-tax is ... 
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:55:20


I think you are being extremely argumentative when we are saying the same thing.
@_date: 2014-06-09 20:25:40
Write the password down, store separately?
@_date: 2014-07-10 03:55:24
Not exactly sure what Realcoin is, but there are several projects, such as Open Transactions, that depend on USD backed colored coins, in order to handle USD. This is a definite benefit of not dealing with the banking system, yet being able to make systems that deal with USD. So for example, with USD colored coins, you can make a futures market that deals in BTC/USD, *totally without dealing with the banking system*.
@_date: 2014-04-01 16:50:35
The "from" field of an email is just a field set by the sender. Don't ever trust it.
So they don't have to send it "from the actual coinbase contact email" to make it look like it is from there.
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:09:12


Well, *FDIC* insurance is not possible for bitcoin. This is because the FDIC is allowed to simply print money to cover bank debts. But insurance for payment is possible. I did see someone mention somewhere that there is actually an exchange that is covered by Loyde's, didn't confirm.


I did say:


Thanks :D
@_date: 2014-05-14 21:05:42
It is supply and demand on the open market.
But you have it backwards - the supply side is pretty stable - no matter how difficult or how many miners, the same number of bitcoins will be produced in a span of time.
The volatile part is the demand, which is comprised of all the uses of bitcoin (transfer of value, payment processing, store of value, remittance, gambling, and any other other uses). The reason it is so volatile is mainly the fluctuating demand caused by speculation.
@_date: 2014-05-26 02:10:35
The volume generated by merchants does change demand, because a bitcoin can only be reused so many times in a block (once). I think this is how some economists/pundits are calculating a (minimal, "fair") value of bitcoin: by the velocity of the currency, and the demand generated by the required volume used for (payment processing) transactions.
So, if for example, a bitcoin was worth 1 USD, and there were 10 M in circulation, you could at most transact 60 M USD an hour. If the payment processing volume is higher than this, then the price will naturally rise. 
Like many things in the free-market, a this nicely solves the problem as well; when the price rises, the same old 10 M bitcoins will provide enough value to satisfy the payment processing needs.
@_date: 2014-07-16 05:59:05
~~disgusting~~ disappointing
@_date: 2014-07-04 05:25:43
You can, but this is not the function of "full nodes". Full nodes should have the entire blockchain.
@_date: 2014-04-20 17:31:32
Also see 
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:46:24
I saw this video, I think it should be mandatory watching for every journalist reporting on bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-12 14:03:51
Competition might change this ... losing 1/2 of every day to other exchanges might not be so good for business.
@_date: 2014-06-03 15:25:20
I've known a lot of people who bought things online in the last 20 years, and not a one of them who've paid use-tax on them. The entire premise of the internet's success, in legit, political, discussion, by respected high-ranking figures in the US, is that because it was interstate commerce, and untaxed by states, it flourished from the late 90s until today.
And this is all stupid, because in reality, you are almost always liable for the sales tax - just with the use-tax, it is the *customer* who must report it. Most people are ignorant of this, or choose to ignore it. Most people are criminals, because of this, and don't even know it, or don't care as long as it isn't made into an issue. They could be selectively prosecuted. State policies even *incentivises* this criminal activity, by offering low taxes on goods in regions bordering other states, so that the citizens of neighboring states travel there and by the "tax-free" or "low-tax" goods (happened in NJ/NY many times). So much for the sanctity of the law.
@_date: 2014-05-07 20:46:54
Also, one-time-pad will always be secure, no matter what law you apply. That page ... needs fixing.
@_date: 2014-07-02 13:58:26
Are you the author?
@_date: 2014-02-26 05:40:13
In addition to all the answers, there are altcoins that have much smaller capitalization, and thus the default fees are much smaller in value - meaning you can send transactions for fees of much smaller value.
@_date: 2014-06-03 04:46:31
[Mike Hearn's presentation]( at t=15m23s
@_date: 2014-02-26 18:04:21


Peers don't know, blockchain.info does know. If they somehow don't know ... then they are essentially liable for anything that happens with that money, and guilty of money laundering. This is where the thing I said about "jurisdiction", applies, as above.


This is true, perhaps on a level where it actually changes hands, but in the blockchain, sending it through thirty accounts won't fool anyone. So in a way, this is inherently false wrt. bitcoin.
And the mixers are the bottlenecks for those tracing money, indeed. But think about this again: *all* the money that comes out of a mixer is "dirty"! Because ... money laundering is illegal.


Seriously if you think a government cares about fungibility of a new coin when they have a vested interest not to allow a new form of laundering, you are irrational (no ad hom intended, just kidding).
EDIT: even if they care about fungibility of bitcoin, it doesn't matter: they can still *question* people where they got the money from, tracing it back to the source.
So such dirty money *can* be spent anonymously for virtual good for example. This I agree with, you can possibly launder money to say, pay for a VPN service in the 2nd hop away from you through an adversarial jurisdiction (Iran,North Korea, China?, Russia?, Venezuela?).


I said plausible deniability works once. For example, in general (not taxes), if you claim something extra-ordinary happened to you once, that is fine. If you do it twice no one will believe you. Thus technologies that only provide plausible deniability have much more limited use than people think at first, unless combined with other things.
As for taxes, the IRS will not believe they were stolen unless you can prove it. There is no due process with taxes, laundering etc. they will just seize your assets, and then make you take it back in court. This will become especially true if there are many such cases, and they will even win there.
@_date: 2014-04-08 00:46:09
**International wire transfers**
It is true that exchanging for dollars can cost money, but the fees are actually a lot less than banking fees - typically 0.1-0.5% on each side for a bitcoin exchange. The real fees are with the banking system - if you want to send money internationally for example, you can end up paying *percentage points* off the amount. A "good" bank will charge a flat fee of 35-40 USD for an international wire transfer.
So yes, getting your money out of an exchange will cost you a lot of money, but not because of the exchange, but mostly because of banks in between the exchange's bank and yours. This would be more interesting if you were able to keep the money in bitcoin instead of exchanging it and extracting the USD to your bank - obviously this will incur a banking fee, as you are using the banking system.
**Payment processing**
Now, as an American, you might not care about international wire transfers much, and that is fine. The banking system still gets you in many other ways - businesses are essentially paying them percentage points for credit card transactions (2-3% usually). This gets passed on directly to you. Consider it a hidden sales tax, except it goes to the payment processor. Bitcoin transactions cost per the size of the data transfer, and is thus flat relative to the amount of money (and is quite a low flat fee too, pennies right now). So if you are an American business owner, Bitcoin might appeal to you. If you are an American customer, you might just put your nose in the air and not care what businesses pay in fees, foolishly assuming ... well, *they* are paying the fee. In which case bitcoin is not for you.
@_date: 2014-06-22 03:59:35
Paying for convenience is a nice concept. However, in a market environment, paying a price much higher than cost is basically extortion, or lack of competition, or both.
For example. Having food is a great convenience. Without food, you die. So obviously, it is a convenience worth paying for. Would you say you should give 100% of your income for food? After all, without food, you die. You can't get *any* income! The obvious response is that if there was only one source of food, and it was a limited resource, such that not everyone could be satisfied with small quantity in existence, then perhaps it is a great bargain to pay 100% of your income for it. OTOH, if food is plentiful, but there is only one seller, it is extortion.
The CC/banking industry have a government induced monopoly on money transmission. If someone comes up with a new payment-processing idea in the US, it is practically impossible to go from idea to product. This basically allows the existing payment processors to charge what they want to. Certainly not fair, and in a way, they *are* forcing businesses to use them: there is artificially no competition.
@_date: 2014-06-25 22:37:05
The answer is obviously capital. Sure mining yourself (as a mining corp) you can ultimately make more money as a percentage, but if you sell the shares, you get a most of the future mining profits up front.
This lets you leverage your starting capital a lot more: instead of buying mining hardware with your own money, you will be using other people's money to buy the hardware, and getting a cut of the profits essentially. So instead of a one-time profit/investment into mining, and slowly reaping the benefits, you make money by setting up and selling mining for others. Potentially much faster growth potential.
It is similar to the reason why a corporation would seek investors or loans: after all, if you go slowly and avoid them, you will get more of the corporation's profits. OTOH, your idea might require a lot of capital to implement, or to go to the next level, etc.
@_date: 2014-03-23 16:59:16


They check the block chain to make sure that the inputs being spent in each transaction are as yet unspent.
In addition, it isn't just the miners who verify this: if they were to include an invalid transaction, then the network would consider the mined block invalid, and ignore it.


They can reject a transaction at will, simply by not including it in their mined block. However, being that they get the transaction fee of the transactions they would process, it is hoped a rational miner would accept transactions. However, at some point, the block size becomes a bottleneck because of bandwidth, and introduces a delay, reducing the chance of winning the block. Therefore, a miner must weigh the value of accepting more transactions (and getting their fees) versus ruining their chance of winning. At that point, the miner would accept the transactions with the topmost fee/size ratio, or somesuch calculation. Again, this is just them being rational - they can do whatever they want.


No, you were right, they can reject a transaction at will. The transaction will wait until the next block, or until a block that it gets accepted.
@_date: 2014-06-06 19:07:17
But if there are two valid blockchains, according to both softwares, and 50+% of the miners can force which blockchain will be the longest. Betting against that is a losing battle, so a 51% attack will essentially cause all rational miners to go along with the attacker, or risk mining chains that won't ever be longest.
So yes there is a notion of 51% - it just means &gt;50% in order to win the PoW "vote" and mine the longest chain.
@_date: 2014-07-03 17:29:09
A hard fork would be put into the latest releases of the software to happen some time in the future, so it wouldn't be anything immediate. This way, the bitcoin user community will long have switched to the new fork without even knowing it. The mining community would switch simply because of the profit motive: mining a bad fork is worthless waste of mining power.
There wouldn't *be* two chains (rationally). It is like: imagine if there was an election, where if you voted for the loser, you were executed (abstaining results in execution as well). The result would be: there would be some public consensus on who would win (beforehand). That would win the election, and whoever does win, would get an astounding majority.
If there was a non-rational minority of miners keeping an old fork, it would be interesting heh.
@_date: 2014-06-26 03:24:28
I find it annoying how libertarians and anarchists on this subreddit assume bitcoin has some political purpose, and not so subtly and implicitly exclude everyone else from the conversation. However, I myself lean libertarian.
I think politics shouldn't matter here though, unless you are a communist and against money/private property. Bitcoin is for everyone.
That said, I think bitcoin might force people to the left to give up on some types of government intervention though. If a person holds certain fundamental freedoms dear enough (private property, freedom of speech), bitcoin extends these to other things, for example, absolute control of personal wealth, which they might not like.
@_date: 2014-06-26 15:13:28
Bitcoin essentially does charge a fee, just like CCs.
The difference are:
* fees are paid by the sender,
* fee size set by the sender,
* fee size affects the incentive for a miner to include it in the next block, which can mean delays of confirmation (non-reversibility) if the fee is too small,
* proper fee size depends on the *data size* of the transaction, not the amount of value,
* proper fee size is set by the market (competition between the transactions to get into the block size that miners are willing to mine: bigger blocks are a disadvantage to miners, while OTOH more transactions mean more fees).
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:35:57
This notion is seriously not thought through ....
All this stuff about how government *needs* fiat to make war is stupid. They dont - they have the force of taxes, and they can tax you to death to do it. Wars existed long before fiat. They probably will exist for a while still, and if they go away, it will not be because of bitcoin, nor because they can't afford it. Additionally, the notion that it is governments that always go to war is not necessarily true - many times *people* go to war.
Seriously, if fiat allows a country to go to war, then any country adopting bitcoin in favor of fiat will be at a strategic disadvantage ... and won't survive aggression because it cannot afford it. Often you hear things like "the [country] went off the gold standard to finance wars" etc. and things like "afghanistan would cost us X tons of gold to finance, if only we would be on the gold standard!" ...
Consider: if going off the gold standard could finance wars, then imagine Germany, in WWII, say had gone off the gold standard to finance their wars. Well, that would put everyone else at a strategic disadvantage, and if they stick to their gold standard and cannot afford war, well, we would all be Germany now ....
@_date: 2014-05-14 04:57:41
@_date: 2014-07-03 23:36:38
They should regulate it.
@_date: 2014-06-30 14:23:30
They earned 40% over the last year.
@_date: 2014-03-27 19:15:49
I totally disagree. There will always be a certain degree of volatility in the bitcoin markets, moreso than regulated assets, simply because things like insider trading and manipulation of the markets are much harder to stop.
The real answer is the opposite of what you are suggesting: "(fake) bad news" must become a regular staple so that it isn't surprising to the market. The more often "bad news" that isn't bad hits the markets, the more the market will take this into consideration long-term, and be less affected.
As a simple example, if every Monday, there was news about China banning bitcoin, for a full year, it would have no impact on the market. On the other hand, if everything was forcefully quiet for a year, and then someone lies and says China bans bitcoin, then it would have a large impact on the market.
Let the panicked users sell, let the bad news stream in - the more it happens, the more immune the new breed of traders will be to it.
@_date: 2014-07-27 15:56:06
You are being downvoted, but your point is very legitimate: people don't realize that exchanges are *already* under the jurisdiction of New York laws, and require a NY MSB license, just as they do a FinCEN license.
**So ... all of these jurisdictional problems *already* exist for this poor Tennessee guy.**
@_date: 2014-03-12 14:24:10
The biggest problem for payment systems is that they will always be niche within a certain country/jurisdiction, and very few can cross many jurisdictions. The reason for this is the insane AML laws, which requires you to get a license and comply with all the different AML laws passed on a whim in each jurisdiction.
So for example, if you wanted to make a credit card company in the US, you would need to get a federal license from FinCEN, and then another ~50 licenses, one for each state. These licenses can cost a lot of money as application fee, can be arbitrarily denied without reason, and can include a large bond requirement.
Then you must hire a "compliance officer", and follow BSA reporting laws (complicated), and give "mandatory courses" to your employees etc. all things passed on a whim without thinking about necessity, exceptions, effectiveness, and cost.
Obviously all this can be very expensive, and if you throw in lawyers fees, whims of the states, and the intricate laws of each state who's particular AML laws (and other laws) you must now follow, it is practically impossible to go from "idea" to "business" in this sector. And this is just the US, if you want to do international, you have an insane number of jurisdictions.
This is why there are so few money-transmission-businesses in the US, and why innovation is so slow, and why CC companies charge businesses so much, and why banks can do whatever they want wrt. fees. There is a government induced monopoly in this business, all in the name of "regulation", "consumer protection", and "anti-money-laundering".
So no, I don't think this is a threat to bitcoin, because wherever these technologies pop up, they are isolated to their jurisdiction and face insane hurdles expanding.
@_date: 2014-05-23 21:28:28
[Estate taxe in the United States](
@_date: 2014-07-21 19:57:30
Look up "personal jurisdiction" with respect to the internet. Basically, any non-trivial (interactive) website is considered in the jurisdiction of the US, if you serve US viewers/customers (based on precedents).
And this is nothing new: gambling sites that serve US customers have had problems. Stock exchanges and brokers have similar problems: a foreign exchange (without a license) serving US customers is a serious offense. All in the name of "protecting" us. This makes me mad.
Furthermore, yes, there are many many insane regulations and jurisdictional overreaching. Just look at FATCA, the US law that just went into effect in July. Any foreign bank that serves a US customer, is required to report to the IRS and FinCEN (I think). Lots of paperwork and cost involved. Resulted in many banks just dropping US citizens. There are treaties with many countries, but in countries without treaties, I've read that they blacklist banks that don't comply, which results in something like 30% fees (tax?) when US banks directly wire transfer through/to these banks (I may be mis-remembering some details).
Of course you can just ignore the laws. But good luck if you ever want to visit the USA, or any jurisdiction that the USA controls. You'd probably be held hostage until you posted bail, and then have a court case to "pay up" some fines, including some criminal penalties, prison time etc.
These jurisdiction violations annoy me, but they don't affect 95% of US citizens, so they will never know, or care.
@_date: 2014-03-09 21:48:10
How did you *find* this?
@_date: 2014-07-13 11:49:16
Explicitly allowed for merchants, in the side-bar:


@_date: 2014-04-01 19:46:54
Don't forget 4.


@_date: 2014-02-18 23:12:04
I think you are missing his point. He is talking about **legally** having the **right** to take the money without worry of the criminal source - that is, a law abiding citizen who has bitcoins, and inadvertently accepts bitcoins from a criminal is not as legally protected as if he would have taken cash.
Since, if he would have taken cash, it would be too late for the government to do anything about the criminally sourced funds.
But with bitcoin (according to him) they can demand (*legally*) that the receiver of the funds (remember, law abiding) turn them over to them.
Sure, he can say no, and they can't do anything about it - if he protected them well.
But when you are actually *in* a country there are ways a government can coerce a person to give what they are known to owe, and refuse to give: seizure of assets or prison.
So unless you are running away and never coming back, and having no assets, and never visiting again, and not visiting any country with treaties and/or US jurisdiction, legal stuff like this matters.
@_date: 2014-07-10 06:28:55
At least you learned something new today.
@_date: 2014-07-10 04:34:20
Looks like this thread is overrun ...
@_date: 2014-03-18 22:25:46


What is with your pointed questions? Something doesn't add up here.
Just because he thinks bitcoin is the future doesn't mean he can't sell bitcoins. Anyway it is obvious why he would sell ... you can make a profit by selling bitcoins and buying them on an exchange.
@_date: 2014-05-13 23:47:18
Prolly makes sense to back up the Huffington Post article as well?
@_date: 2014-07-20 11:07:54
You can hook up a card to your address: if you use up funds in your wallet, it will repurchase bitcoin with your CC. BAM, fiat leak.
@_date: 2014-07-17 02:39:37
No, it can be arbitraged away locally. That is, "if the price there will fall", then someone with the means to move money easily (perhaps a rich guy with a bank account) can make a killing, by buying up the bitcoins there, and selling them elsewhere at the market price.
So this is actually something that may start *before* the local economy even knows what bitcoin is. In fact, this might be the impetus for the local economy to adopt bitcoin, as it has more value to customers if they don't have to exchange it to the local currency.
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:44:42
Just to add,


Only if [April 2013]( is just yesterday. The idea has been known for a long time. It just takes something like Mt.Gox failing to make it a huge competitive advantage. See also this post and video: [Bitcoin 2014, the Dawn of Real Transparency]( Bitcoin has huge potential because of these properties.


Actually, bitcoin is absolutely difficult to make untraceable. But perhaps in the future, advances in the protocol or other coins can do this.
@_date: 2014-06-09 23:15:07
You can use arbitration in the same way, just one that *both* parties agree to. Saying that the current system is better, because you get a yes/no, is like saying you would rather burn your money than go to court over a dispute - it is quicker and easier after all. Merchants constantly feeling wronged by the CC companies, and the only reason they don't go to court is because of the expense. This means they lose out.
OTOH with bitcoin, the customer loses out - once they paid, the money is gone. Well really, this makes things even, as currently the customer simply has the upper hand in everything. Now, they can use escrow/arbitration of their choosing beforehand, and both sides get a fair shake. Or not, and the business rips off the customers. Or, they get a bad reputation, and don't etc. The point is, it most definitely does have an advantage for the merchant. Making it the same for the customer requires some sort of escrow service.
Saying that having the CC company rule against them at a whim is better because it doesn't involve the legal system is plain wrong: they can always settle before involving the legal system, which is at worst as bad as the current CC "arbitration".
@_date: 2014-06-09 22:18:23
What alternative?
@_date: 2014-06-29 03:33:07
Presumably, everyone working on it and not winning this block, will eventually win, and that is when their costs are evaluated. Your methodology would count costs over many time.
@_date: 2014-07-09 00:15:51
This thread has been overrun ...
@_date: 2014-05-29 19:57:45


Not true, if you (a local exchange, or exchanger) can transfer fiat currencies via bank account, an online/local exchange can exchange bitcoin even if there is no local demand for it ...  and if there is ever any differences between local supply/demand and foreign supply/demand, you can arbitrage the difference and make money doing it ...


I am not familiar with the particulars of 37coins, and if they do or don't work ... but in anycase, they could work, and if they don't, there is no doubt 10 other ones popping up in their place. This is something *I* can do, and it is not a secret idea, anyone with a modicum of programming experience can do it. If it isn't done already, it is no doubt being done by several startups.


I don't see the difference between "transaction volume" or "payment volume", care to explain what you are getting at?
In anycase, his slide is quoting this article from coindesk: [BitPay Raises $30m in Record-Breaking Bitcoin Funding Round](


@_date: 2014-04-23 14:36:20
Not all downvotes are real. Only the delta is real.
edit: ironically, the delta on the only useful comment is negative :P
@_date: 2014-06-23 18:14:23


I think this will naturally solve itself: By the time the halving occurs, bitcoin might be worth a lot more, and the subsidy will still be worth a lot. In fact, it might *always* be worth a lot, if bitcoin continues growing exponentially. The halving occurs much less often than how often bitcoin has doubled in value. The issue with the halving is only the sudden shock of much less incentive. The difficulty would likely drop very fast, and a lot of hardware now underutilized.
But all this is orthogonal to the problem of incentivizing miners to include transactions. The miner has to make a risk assessment for each transaction: is the transaction fee awarded to the miner worth the risk that the miner might lose the block as a result of including it in the block. The answer will depend on the bandwidth of the miner, and the network in general. If the quality of the internet in the world does not grow to meet bitcoin's demand, then miners will have incentive to only include high-fee transactions.
@_date: 2014-05-27 06:20:22
Exchanges are able to provide proof-of-reserve with bitcoin, and this is is better than any human audit to this effect, so they should be doing this for their bitcoin. For their fiat, and other assets, they should prolly have an outside accounting firm, or consultant group publicly audit them.
Exchanges can audit each-other, but remember, exchanges are competitors, so why would they want this arrangement?
@_date: 2014-06-23 17:23:45


There are still limitations by incentive. For example, ghash will only include up to ~300KB of data in a block. The incentive is to keep the block size small, because smaller blocks propagate faster across the network, and decreases the chance that another block will win the reward in the meantime.
IMO bitcoin will need an innovative solution to this in the future, else face huge increases in transaction fees. If that happens, bitcoin might only be useful for large transactions.
  
@_date: 2014-04-23 17:29:27
I don't know, it might look different by you (I have the RES plugin, it might show extra information), or different on different subreddits, due to the css.
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:20:10
Nexus is for taxes. And btw NY goes way overboard with that as well.
But regulations cover any service to people in the state. (think warranty regulations, and other protections, they cover anyone selling in the state, no matter if they have a nexus). Furthermore, these aren't just regular regulations, these are *money laundering* regulations. I can't cite an authority, but you can easily google and find that to start an MSB, like an online bank, or payment processing company (like paypal) requires 1 federal MSB license (FinCEN), and an additional 50 (minus a few sane states) state licenses, one for each state you operate in.
And the USA is long gone the way of insanity regarding jurisdiction.
@_date: 2014-06-29 03:35:25
Made me laugh.
@_date: 2014-05-30 06:29:35
Fast enough? Is Visa/Mastercard faster than bitcoin? 
You might be missing my point. If I understand you, you are thinking, bitcoin's market cap is too small to handle that volume.
But you are missing this exact point: if that happens, then bitcoins will be in huge demand, because they will be sucked out of the market, and be used in transfers. The market would solve this problem though: the value of bitcoin would rise, due to the demand, and thus would naturally be able to handle "any real world volume".
@_date: 2014-05-20 20:28:58
I think this could be very useful, since it allows businesses to deal in USD without dealing with existing institutions. This would allow, for instance, anyone to create a BTC/USD trading/futures/options exchange, without having to deal with banks.
However, some corporation has to issue these USD colored coins, and then you will have issues.
1. Will they be held responsible for illicit activity?
2. Will they have to ruin their fungibility if some USDcoins are stolen? (i.e they would have to color those coins as "dirty" and not allow it to be redeemed)
3. How can they prove reserves? (outside audits)
4. How can they make profit?
@_date: 2014-04-03 19:41:11
They were sued through the government (court system?).
But if you want to be finicky, his point would be "if you persecute a centralized system, and it is able to be decentralized, the persecution will make that happen faster, and then it will be much more difficult to persecute".
Pretty straightforward if you ask me.
@_date: 2014-06-17 20:39:39
The transactions are hashed together into a Merkle Tree. The Merkle Tree root is then included in the header, together with a nonce and some other stuff. The header is hashed.
@_date: 2014-03-21 17:51:31
 [Original bash.org: quote 
    &lt;Cthon98&gt; hey, if you type in your pw, it will show as stars
    &lt;Cthon98&gt; ********* see!
    &lt;AzureDiamond&gt; hunter2
    &lt;AzureDiamond&gt; doesnt look like stars to me
    &lt;Cthon98&gt; &lt;AzureDiamond&gt; *******
    &lt;Cthon98&gt; thats what I see
    &lt;AzureDiamond&gt; oh, really?
    &lt;Cthon98&gt; Absolutely
    &lt;AzureDiamond&gt; you can go hunter2 my hunter2-ing hunter2
    &lt;AzureDiamond&gt; haha, does that look funny to you?
    &lt;Cthon98&gt; lol, yes. See, when YOU type hunter2, it shows to us as *******
    &lt;AzureDiamond&gt; thats neat, I didnt know IRC did that
    &lt;Cthon98&gt; yep, no matter how many times you type hunter2, it will show to us as *******
    &lt;AzureDiamond&gt; awesome!
    &lt;AzureDiamond&gt; wait, how do you know my pw?
    &lt;Cthon98&gt; er, I just copy pasted YOUR ******'s and it appears to YOU as hunter2 cause its your pw
    &lt;AzureDiamond&gt; oh, ok.
@_date: 2014-05-11 18:30:04
You use a tiny amount of bitcoins on the blockchain to represent an asset, like a share of stock. These coins are "colored". The long awaited software is to be able to easily do the bookkeeping of issuing/tracking/transferring ownership /to an address/of an asset/ etc. You can then use this idea to transfer ownership directly between two parties, without an exchange (though I imagine colored coin asset exchanges will pop up). Ownership of the coin is ownership of the asset, sort of like bearer bonds.
So for example, there are some bitcoin stock/funds/securities markets now, like havelock. This would give these markets the ability to easily transfer assets between them - you can actually extract your shares like you would be able to coins. Additionally, anyone can trade any stock anywhere, because they are just colored coins (so it is much easier to make an exchange - the shares are no longer just "numbers in a machine", but backed by the blockchain).
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:29:12
Solutions can be entirely in the block-chain. For example, one can theoretically make a delayed transaction to occur if you do not take it reclaim it first within a year. This way, all your coins can go to your relatives/attorney should you die or become incapacitated. And this is a simple one that I can think of, bitcoin allows for all sorts of unpredictable innovation.
Also, "middle-man solution" isn't that bad if it is trustless. But in any case, possessing bitcoin is as good as burying gold for this purpose - if you don't disclose the hiding place, no one will find it.
Another possible trustless method of storing/transferring bitcoin after death is to simply store paper wallets in several locations, several relatives, safety deposit box etc. If you want to combine this with security, you can use k-of-n secret sharing ([Shamir's Secret Sharing](
Several people I know who have a sizable amount of bitcoin have at least splitting and distributing their paper wallets in several places, with people they trust.
@_date: 2014-04-02 21:54:42
Look at [BIP: 70]( if you haven't yet. That can help you with change, and other payment issues.
Basically, it is a payment protocol, meant for things like change and refunds. From the BIP:










This can all be used in a URL with the new bitcoin clients, so I expect this will become the preferred method of payment processing. So, essentially, a customer on the web can click on a link, and the client opens up to make the payment, refunds are handled gracefully, cleaner records are kept etc. This can probably be done with QR codes as well in your case, I am not sure what clients implement this yet, but they surely will soon.
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:23:44
You are using the wrong units for lost bitcoin. The number of lost bitcoin should not be denominated in BTC, but rather in percentage of remaining BTC, or some function of the remaining BTC. Also, the assumption that this function can be predicted is patently false - no doubt people will find ways to pass money on in death as soon as the problem becomes high-profile enough, and solutions develop as a result.
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:45:43


This will result in an arbitrage of energy. Remote locations will no longer be cheap, as bitcoin mines will pop up there and close the gap.
@_date: 2014-04-23 14:59:54




@_date: 2014-03-31 19:06:57
Where is Snowden?
@_date: 2014-05-20 16:43:25


@_date: 2014-03-06 17:37:00
This is a great idea, for AML compliance especially. Instead of every exchange having to do identity verification, a centralized organization could do the verification and have a federated login (sort of like openid) so that exchanges can just re-use the identity. This would make AML compliance many times easier, and possibly safer (just a single point of failure instead of one for each exchange).
@_date: 2014-06-09 22:16:51


What is good for retailers is less fraud, no holding CC numbers or equivalent user information, less/no processing fees. How are these things "not great for retailers"?


I am not sure what you mean by "Making charge backs" ...
But, nothing makes disputes go away. Right now, there is no arbitration, it is simply a yes/no by the CC company.
@_date: 2014-03-04 05:01:28
It's the media, seriously, if you believe anything the media says that is not 100% substantiated, after all the ignorance (wrt. bitcoin, or anything you are knowledgeable in), and the hype, and obvious dramatic emphasis, I wanna know what you are on.
Personally, I don't believe the "FBI" did anything of the sort. Anyway, what does "legal tender" even mean? You can't pay taxes in it? You can't force a debt collector to accept it? So what, why in the world would the FBI be contacting anyone about anything. This is broken telephone of "reports".
@_date: 2014-05-02 02:02:54
Until ... 
**[Biologists have created a living computer from E. coli bacteria that can solve complex mathematical problems](
@_date: 2014-06-26 14:46:27


Really IMO this is fantasy. They are funded with taxes, which is orthogonal to bitcoin.
In anycase, I don't mean to start a debate: my point is, bitcoin is a useful utility. Forums that are about *bitcoin* should not be about politics. A lefty and a righty can equally find bitcoin useful on a personal level, without all the political vitriol that blasts them in the face when they go anywhere bitcoin related. 
@_date: 2014-07-08 03:45:28


He said 150 million.
@_date: 2014-03-31 16:52:52
Or the wealth of the world increased, or a combination of both. I didn't watch the video, but perhaps he meant in 50-100 years?
@_date: 2014-03-10 17:31:30
I made my point: Market cap valuation doesn't mean that the coin has the total value you get when calculating the market cap, and therefore it isn't necessarily a limitation when it seems to be extremely high compared to other things, because it isn't *really* that high.
An attempt at a math analogy follows. It is sort of like in calculus: you can obtain the height at a certain point on a curve, but if you use that to estimate the area under the entire curve, you will get a very wrong answer.
@_date: 2014-02-24 01:42:33
More luck in @_date: 2014-07-09 02:42:48
My theory is that the people who clicked this thread are the ones that would be ... interested in this type of stuff. Also, in general, only the nutters can keep talking for months, most veterans of the community have a long run, and then quiet down. This results in nutters being over-represented.
@_date: 2014-03-23 17:14:07
I believe this is what I said, except mentioning the word "mempool".
@_date: 2014-03-10 14:18:36
I used to think this. But there is a possibility for growth because the market-cap number is not an actual total valuation of the currency - it is just a valuation at *current prices*. If one tried to redeem even a small part of the 9.36 trillion dollars which you calculated, you could get a tiny fraction of that.
Furthermore, the idea of redeeming the market cap doesn't take into account that a lot of the currency would simply be entirely out of circulation, because of lost accounts, hoarders, and huge stashes that are untouched (satoshi's for example). So it isn't fair to compare the market cap directly to the value of USD in circulation - and this might leave room for more growth. I am not saying it *will* grow, just that the possibility is there for bitcoin's "market cap" to be insanely high - higher than the value of everything on earth combined - without *actually* being that value, because the market-cap lies (i.e is inaccurate due to the reasons noted above).
@_date: 2014-07-03 02:58:43
Deflation and inflation isn't speaking of the supply, but rather the buying-power. For example, when the US government speaks of inflation, they are not talking about how much money they introduced into the system that year, but rather, the average buying power in the USA of the USD.
So ... as long as bitcoin is going up in value, the only fair comparison is to say it is deflating. The *supply* is inflating, but the currency is deflating.
@_date: 2014-05-14 18:23:53
No, but they would do well to start trading colored assets. How does colored coins make asset exchanges useless?
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:41:58


I remind you that Ben Lawsky is a state regulator. The regulation that pertains to him is strictly state-level, which is just in addition to the Federal. Now I am quite impressed by Ben, I really wish the rest of the government and governments at the Federal and state level put as much thought into things as he has, and did as much research as he has. But unless there is some miracle, every state will end up doing something different, *in addition* to whatever the Federal government does (this is the case with general AML too, you must comply with 50 different sets of laws, in addition to the Federal laws).
As for citation:
[Application of FinCEN's Regulations to Persons Administering, Exchanging, or Using Virtual Currencies](
TL;DR miners are exempt from regulation, exchanges are not, simple payment systems that help businesses might be (I don't remember if it is in this page or elsewhere). I think a tumbler would *obviously* fall under exchange (yes, it also applies to exchanges that only deal in cryptos). Now these are "guidelines", which means that they don't either know if it is law yet, but this basically is telling you what you should probably do to avoid prosecution under current and future law (though following it doesn't actually protect you from them ...).


But they can. The government can just follow the money back, *without holding people along the way liable*. In other words, they can *question* everyone along the way back to you. If these people refuse to answer these questions however, that's a different story. And if it is a business or exchange, they are required to keep records for just this purpose. 
To be more clear: It isn't the end individual who will be *responsible*. If a tainted coin touches an exchange, they will just ask the guy where he got it from. And they will keep doing that until they get as close as possible to the source. Obviously if the source only spends his money for anonymous virtual goods, then he is insulated - and in this manner I already agreed you can be anonymous. But if any transaction from any of the connected wallets gets him something non-virtual and/or non-anonymous, there is a high likelyhood that the governments can track it back.


There are multiple inputs and multiple outputs. This is similar in idea to the good old mixers. There is actually a paper or two on how easy it is to trace through a graph, google for it. So sure, the mixers work, *but they are obviously mixers*. Mom and pop shouldn't be using such a service, since it is called "mixing" or in english, "laundering".
You might answer to something like this, that is "it is too onerous to go after everyone", which can be true, but this also makes everyone a criminal, and thus liable for selective punishment. This isn't like bittorrent and copyright which was mostly civil. It is more like PGP, and restrictions on cryptography. PGP got away with it via walking the line of Freedom of Speech and civil disobedience. Perhaps bitcoin will too and force a change in the laws, but until then, it is not a good thing to make criminals out of everyone - it costs them almost nothing to charge you with money laundering if you annoy them for *anything else* - in other words, everyone is a criminal now, like saying of how Stalin enjoyed that in the Soviet Union (everyone steals).
In addition, stuff like CoinJoin is what I was saying about advances in the protocol or other coins, so this isn't applicable to the original argument. Just be aware CoinJoin isn't really perfect, it is just a really easy way to make a more decentralized mixer. It can still be marked as dirty money (which again, doesn't affect fungibility, because not everyone is *responsible*, they are just responsible to answer questions, if it comes to it).


I knew of coinjoin before coinjoin. That is, I've heard the idea in IRC many times.


Again, participating in laundering makes them automatically the "right people", because it in itself is illegal. And again, p2p/decentralized mixing might lead to civil disobedience which can lead to changing the law eventually, I agree with this.


No one *knows* what the way to enforce these taxes are. They are waiting for the IRS to care, maybe this April or the next. Notice, I said the IRS, not the elected government. As for tx graph analysis, they can use anything they want to make an "estimate" when there is not enough information. It isn't just about taxes, that is about AML as well, and the two go together in enforcement. And in AML, you can be sure they will do graph analysis, they already do that sort of thing to detect structuring etc. But no, I have no evidence, because very little such enforcement has actually been done. I am just saying what they can do, based on what they have done in the past. To say otherwise would basically make a huge hole in the enormous system that is AML, and when it becomes large enough, they will have to do *something* - either effectively stop AML entirely, or do some draconian regulation. I am betting they will at least try the latter. Hopefully by then, civil disobedience and crypto-anarchy will hinder them too much.


I agree about this *now*. But as soon as they have an interest, all the exchanges that can serve Americans will either:
1. become US outlaws, or
1. keep records and comply with AML (which again, goes hand in hand with taxes)
PS. also there are many attacks against mixers in general (coinjoin included); again, google for paper(s) on this, I imagine there are several. For example, the government can simply inject coins into the system, and see who ends up with them, and arrest them for laundering. There is no way of knowing if you end up with even "dirtier" coins (which again, won't make you *liable* for the crime, but it will make you guilty of laundering, and/or will put you under future surveillance).
@_date: 2014-04-02 04:35:13
But libertarians have always had a function for government ... it isn't really ironic is it.
@_date: 2014-04-02 21:30:42
@_date: 2014-04-20 14:44:12
AOL = frisby spam.
@_date: 2014-02-25 02:06:14
You can use bitcoin addresses to sign messages. This perhaps can be used to sign into a website, by using the address as the identity. Signing in would basically be about proving your ability to sign something with your address.
I am not sure how this would solve any problem you are thinking about, but maybe it will help in the brainstorming.
@_date: 2014-06-22 02:42:54
But not enough for just changing some numbers in a database ...
@_date: 2014-06-13 14:16:26
If the client software had some fraud-detection, this would help or delay the problem. It would automatically be able to stop or switch pools as soon as they try to mine an alternate fork, or any other funny business.
@_date: 2014-03-28 14:09:49
Get Electrum or MultiBit, they are much faster than the reference implementation.
@_date: 2014-07-03 14:17:46
The miners will follow the economic majority, because they won't want to mine a fork that will be worthless. This is a common misconception that miners vote on protocol forks, they don't. There are at least three types of voting in bitcoin:
* Economic vote
* PoW vote
* PoS vote
PoW votes are only *within* the parameters of the protocol. Economic votes can alter the protocol. The dev team basically has the most influence with the economic vote: all they need do is make a new client and convince people to use it.
**Bottom line:** If miners know that the entire community, all the merchants, their customers, the exchanges, the banks, etc. will all respect the new client, they would be major fools to continue mining with the old client ....
@_date: 2014-05-26 05:09:28
Yes, the [open assets spec]( allows for metadata, which could be a URL, or a hash of some data stored on a dht, or any other method of storage.
This information makes no guarantees, other than what information can guarantee. Perhaps, it can be signed with a PGP key, so that the message can carry weight, but in reality the system is meant to be guaranteed from without. IMO it is really meant for corporations to issue things, like stocks, bonds, or digital versions of fiat currency, back like the gold standard. This would be akin to bearer bonds: whoever shows up with the colored coins can have the redeemed.
1. Colored coins *can* carry a message, but that is beside the point. The features you are looking for should probably be external to the chain, just like bitcoin users' names are external to the blockchain, which stores transactions to addresses.
1. Colored coins can't be split AFAICT from the protocol (they are integer-valued). I suppose a stock split or such would have to be reissued ... Or, the value of the size of the asset can include a decimal point in middle from the start, somewhat like bitcoin does with satoshis, allowing it to be split.
The main advantages of colored coins are that previously, to trade digital IOUs (stocks, bonds, deeds, digital dollars) you would have to go to a centralized place, and interact with it. So, you can't just give someone a digital stock certificate that you own on some broker's website, you must go to the broker, and transfer it to another account on the site, or some more onerous/expensive task to get a physical version of the IOU.
With colored coins, the exchange becomes entirely p2p - you can give someone else the stock without the 3rd party. You, your peer, the blockchain.
This allows a freedom we have not seen before. Imagine .. no longer would you have to do a title search ... You can now have stock exchanges that operate independently of the issuer, once issued. You can have USD-backed colored coins which allows you to trade USD-valued assets without involving banks (imagine that *anyone* can make a futures market that operates on BTC/USD, and they don't need to handle deposits and withdrawals through banks, but instead just use redeemable USD-colored-coins - IIRC Open-Transactions intends to operate this way).
You might also see if the issuer is issuing more assets, possibly diluting your share (wrt stocks)? In some ways things can be more transparent.
@_date: 2014-06-10 01:11:31
You aren't going to protect the blockchain from bloat by frantic hand waving: if it can be done, it will be done, so just give up now.
* The blockchain can be pruned/trimmed for most spent transactions.
* Fees will simply rise to temper any over-use.
@_date: 2014-07-13 21:38:23
Where is there a global rule about advertising on reddit in posts? There are entire subreddits dedicated to advertising. I assumed he meant just on @_date: 2014-05-02 07:42:00
You can always vote with your feet ...
But in anycase, you are just giving me drivel. "taxes are theft" does not address the IRS's classification - it addresses the IRS itself. Thus it is out of scope of my point (and of bitcoin).
@_date: 2014-03-23 16:52:43
They decide on their own. Whatever transactions they include, they get the fee as reward. So theoretically, a miner can decide not to include any transactions at all, but they would lose all the transaction rewards.
Usually, they would decide based on the size of the transaction. Making the block bigger can get them more money, but also can delay their submission, based on bandwidth, and therefore have a greater chance that some other miner will win the block, so this is a tradeoff they have to decide: how many transaction fees to collect, vs. how much time they can spend sending out the block.
The intent of the protocol is to make the market decide which transactions to include, based on transaction size, so you are correct.
EDIT: it is usually a "manual" mechanism, which they would automate. So each pool would decide this and program it into their mining software.
@_date: 2014-02-26 01:34:03
Because a competitor will do the same thing transparently.
And something like the failure of Mt.Gox can accelerate this demand.
@_date: 2014-06-26 04:34:18
It is simple English. Generalization ... qualification.
In general politics shouldn't matter wrt bitcoin. Unless you are against the fundamentals of money. Like a communist might be ...
@_date: 2014-05-01 15:00:42


That is not true. You are probably thinking of the implications if P=NP.
However, quantum computers would not crack everything that can be brute forced. Integer-factorization (RSA) and discrete logarithm (ECC, bitcoin uses this) are potentially vulnerable though. Most symmetric crypto is likely safe.
There exists research into *post quantum cryptography* which seeks to come up with quantum-computer-resistant crypto. Bitcoin would have to switch to something like this, and all coins transferred to the new addresses, to survive.
@_date: 2014-05-22 07:30:19
I think it creates them in pools of 100, so it might be just giving out the public key from the pool.
@_date: 2014-04-14 05:30:45
You are making assumptions on why people are downvoting, because that is what you are expecting.
@_date: 2014-06-17 18:42:01
You would probably want to use a payment processor like BitPay or Coinbase anyway. They can convert it all to USD right away, which he will probably want anyway. Therefore, it would be precisely like taking USD.
@_date: 2014-06-18 20:31:30
There are ideas about pruning the blockchain. Only the transactions that are unspent need actually be stored, ultimately. As the blockchain grows larger, there will be more demand for the developers to implement these ideas. Until then, there is yet some time.
@_date: 2014-03-04 05:04:02
Dead, but rich dead.
@_date: 2014-05-15 15:32:23
It can exchange hands without the centralized server. It is like a bearer bond - anyone who can present the colored coin owns it. OTOH, a digital asset that requires a central server can only be traded on a single exchange. (example: assets on Havelock Investements exchange can only be traded there: imagine if you could extract your shares, make another exchange, trade them there - now there is competition - not to mention that you can trade/transfer it directly to another person). 
Furthermore, for certain types of digital assets, it is nice to know that they aren't issuing more of that asset than they are supposed to (like a company issuing stock that they don't have to sell).
The blockchain makes ownership of a digital asset "real" - i.e for lack of a better term "backed by the blockchain", instead of just numbers in a machine.
("colored coins"/"open assets" can/will do this)
@_date: 2014-05-22 02:38:24
Make it a seasteading city please ...
@_date: 2014-06-06 19:57:59
The entire premise of my statement is, quote:


So, no, they will not be "run on different rules and thus seperated".
Really, there is such a thing as a 51% attack, and 50% *is* "special". Just stop now. I know you have a point that the chains can be forked, if the chains are incompatible, or each blacklist the other chain, but in normal operation, controlling 50%+ does not fork the blockchain. And if some miners choose to force invalidation of the other chain, by blacklisting it, then they of course can *choose* to fork it, but it is an economic risk that they are now mining a (ultimately) worthless chain, and thus generally irrational.
This does not detract that 50% is special, and means something. It means a majority of the PoW vote, which statistically allows those miners to make the longest valid chain of their choosing.
@_date: 2014-07-09 00:09:02
Why @_date: 2014-02-16 22:52:28
Last week, several exchanges froze the btc withdrawals to fix the way they detect deposits and execute withdrawals. Thus the market is its own little minibuble at the moment, as it is hard to move btc out, desperate people are selling it for cheap. Some people obviously need the money desperately or are otherwise afraid that mtgox will fail, and not refund the btc in the accounts, and obviously these people are willing to sell at ~250.
@_date: 2014-05-26 23:23:56
Try it.
Don't forget to report back here.
@_date: 2014-07-06 06:54:36
Just occurred to me what a scam this would make, if the OP was malicious.
@_date: 2014-04-02 03:38:49


I think you might be confused as to what they meant. They probably mean a feature, such as in many social networks, where you can invite a friend or some-such. Since you can do this by searching the service your friends email, you can then get a name and other info about this person as well, or get no search results.
An example, I know is with skype - you can search by many fields, and get other fields.
CB almost certainly does *not* mean simple login requests.
And of course, what they are defending is their own little "social network". If you don't like them being a social network, maybe don't use them, or bug them to have an opt-out feature.
@_date: 2014-05-30 07:35:24
Oh you mean the number of transactions, not the volume. Different issue entirely, and it is discussed elsewhere.
@_date: 2014-06-24 19:08:00
@_date: 2014-02-24 23:38:54
Delete this thread please. Ban user.
@_date: 2014-07-10 04:33:10
No, a central part of Open Transactions is to be able to prove receipt of funds. Open Transactions can't really prove you got a deposit from a bank. However with colored coins, it can be proven.
@_date: 2014-06-26 19:55:56
The merchant gets fraud protection instead.
@_date: 2014-02-26 19:26:31


There doesn't need to be, it is covered under money laundering. Plus these things can be later clarified and prosecuted criminally and civilly ... forever.


These sort of mixers just don't ... work. There are several papers on this, it is easy to detect mixers, and see where the money is going in from, and going to. It isn't possible to identify which ones are going where, of course ... but this is why money laundering is illegal, which means they can track *all* the money to anywhere identifiable, and track that back until they get the first hop out the mixer, and arrest that guy for money laundering. This has no affect on fungibility, it is just tracking. It is very similar to trying to hide from the government using Tor, except the analogy here would be that ciphers, VPNs, and Tor are all illegal, and/or that those hosting it must be willing to give up association information on demand.


Dunno how you get that, they can track individual transactions through the chain, and force every legitimate business to give association information, while making those that don't (because of jurisdiction) illegal to deal with due to money laundering. And this is all under existing laws.


1. The law is clear, you owe taxes.
2. With taxes there is no due process, so you basically must convince a judge to subjectively believe you.
3. You *might* get away with something with an excuse. No one will believe a meteor hit you twice.


This is a joke right? They will seize everything else you own. And if you don't have it, they will throw you in jail. So unless you plan on running  off to Iran or North Korea, and never visiting the US, or any country with a tax treaty with the US, nor an extradition treaty, you can't just piss them off with some of your assets and assume the rest of your assets are safe. If you play games, it *quickly* comes to jail time, and LOTS of it. Money laundering and tax evasion is one of those things that is subjectively enforced and comes with a lot of very very serious penalties if they choose to enforce them.
 &gt; Furthermore, to determine who owes capital gains tax they will need to do the following
This isn't how they will (can) do it. If you don't report your bitcoin stuff clearly, then:
If any bitcoins of any of your wallets touches anything identifiable (exchanges, businesses), they will just "assume" you own everything connected to that wallet in the transaction graph. Yes, they can basically do this if they don't have full information and they want to get you. Then you must prove otherwise. If you don't believe me, I'll give you an actual example where they do this. 
As you know, US corporations pay an income tax, and then the owners pay their own tax when they extract money as dividends or other income. If a US citizen has a share in a foreign corporation though, then the corporation won't pay US taxes. Unless, the corporation is considered a [Controlled Foreign Corporation]( (CFC). This happens if &lt; 10 Americans control a majority of the corporation. In this case, the American can be liable for certain types of income (subpart F) that the corporation makes. That is, the American will pay these taxes out of pocket, right away, "for" the corporation, as corporate income taxes. Now how does the IRS know how much the corporation's income is? They can't demand papers from the corporation, after all, they have no jurisdiction. Well it is easy. They just "estimate" it, and charge the American out-of-pocket. If the American(s) disagree, they must bring a full accounting of income for the corporation to prove that it is less. 
Bottom line: The IRS is practically a dictatorship, and reigned in by the courts very rarely. This is abusive, but makes it so it is very difficult to defraud them, because they can just cause you massive problems.


This is surprisingly easy for them, because for the 5th time: THERE IS NO DUE PROCESS, they don't need to build a case. They just charge you, and YOU build a case against THEM. You seriously don't understand how messed up the IRS is.


These will be forced to shut, and not only that, they will likely have to pay huge fines and/or have severe criminal penalties (can be per-transaction), or have their employees face arrest when visiting any US jurisdiction or one that has a AML/tax treaty with the US. If this surprises you, do some research on FinCEN.
The US uses its global reach to basically enforce AML/KYC with anyone that serves US customers. Of course they can not comply if they wish to, but then they become US fugitives, not a very good spot to be in. If you think this is ridiculous, it is. They even claim jurisdiction when it is done in person, so a foreign bank serving an American in their own country must do KYC/AML, or risk being blacklisted, or have the owners/executives face arrest on a visit to the US etc., in addition to the fact that many countries have made treaties so they enforce this locally, and/or will extradite. Things to google: "personal jurisdiction on the internet", "FinCEN, KYC,BSA,AML foreign" "FATCA".
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:29:30
First, that is a general rule, not always borne out. There are many market forces at play, and the supply fluctuates a lot less than demand, which can be very fickle (resulting in the major volatility of bitcoin in general).
Second, if stolen, these coins have been in circulation for a long while, meaning that the "fake" coins on Mt.Gox were inflated in price, while the supply of coins elsewhere were *already* diluted. Now the market might correct itself and the price of bitcoin might have upward pressure from this correction, but there are many many pressures (such as the fickle demand), you only see the sum of all of them.
@_date: 2014-05-29 17:34:05
Additionally all of those arguments about "downward pressure" and complaints about "not holding btc" don't make it worthless for a company to accept bitcoin (wrt. contributing to the network):
Payment processing is one of the things that give the bitcoin network an actual value. The more value that is used for payment processing, the more bitcoins will be in demand at any given time, since only the bitcoins in circulation can fill the payment processing utility of bitcoin.
I can't stand hearing people whine that businesses aren't keeping bitcoin: it is *irresponsible* for a business, who's liabilities are in fiat, to keep bitcoin. If bitcoin goes down in a month, and they have to pay their bills *right then*, then they will be forced to sell at a loss. Unless they have enough capital to invest in random things, their business is whatever their business is, not gambling or investment. For businesses that operate almost entirely in bitcoin (gambling sites, exchanges, or bitcoin-denominated-related sites) it makes sense to keep bitcoins, but for others, it absolutely does not.
Like I explained above this does not mean that businesses accepting bitcoin are useless - they increase the payment processing aspect of bitcoin. If you need an example, if you pumped all of Visa/Mastercard's daily "bandwidth" through the bitcoins in circulation, the price of bitcoins would have to go up to match it. And this is *just for payment processing*, so it doesn't *matter* if businesses convert to fiat - the bitcoins can only be reused so many times in a short amount of time.
@_date: 2014-05-29 19:02:48
I don't know what you are expecting exactly. Just because a business starts accepting bitcoin doesn't mean that they will suddenly get a deluge of business. There are certain sectors that are more likely to get paid bitcoin. But really, it will take a long time to get average customers spending bitcoin.
(IMO) It will start where bitcoin really shines - perhaps bitcoins coming out of the receiving end of remittance. Those bitcoins initially will be exchanged for local currencies, but if local businesses accept bitcoin there, a local might just spend received bitcoin directly. Or, in under-developed/developing countries where it is locals are unbanked. Where bitcoin might replace systems like M-Pesa etc. Where inflation makes the local currency a loser to bitcoin.
It is true that in the US, it might be harder to find customers for average products, and that the numbers of people spending bitcoins to average businesses are unknown. I saw that presentation by Mike Hearn, where he shows some slides of bitpay's numbers, where they increased their merchants by 10X, and also increased their daily volume by 10X, and he asks (paraphrased): "but if the customer-base was increasing, shouldn't that volume be increasing *more* than 10X"? I think this might be a valid question, but also misleading. It seems to me that if the number of merchants are increasing, than the customer base is also increasing, if they can keep up. Playing with numbers like this can be misleading. In anycase, he and you might be right for average merchants in the western market. Customer adoption is indeed a problem worth considering.
Hopefully, once the ecosystem is big enough, you will have people receiving bitcoin, that they need to exchange, but then realize they can spend it directly (as explained above).
* [Mike Hearn's presentation]( bitpay slide at t=9m42s, though it is worth watching the whole thing
@_date: 2014-05-26 03:47:57


It isn't the "bitcoin" that  can't be reused - it is whatever amount is transferred has to wait a block to be transferred further. But I am not sure I was correct here - you might be able to spend a bitcoin immediately. However, you would want to wait until it confirms (gets included in a block), because if you do spend it, it is in danger of being double spent. So unless it is being transferred between trusted parties, the parties would want to wait a block before spending them further.


No, it is *value*, which can be denominated in USD, or in anything other than bitcoin. It can be 1 BTC = 1 bushel of wheat. Or whatever. Right now it is useful to use USD as a measure of value. If you don't want to use USD as a measurement, that is fine, but then you'd have to find some other reference point to measure it against. The USD itself is measured against it's previous value the year before, for example, when measuring inflation. You can do the same with bitcoin. This is just a matter of semantics.
@_date: 2014-04-08 02:45:29
Depends how competitive the business is - nowadays, many online businesses have a LOT of competition, and their "bottom line" might be very small for the volume they go through. With healthy competition, savings get passed on to you.
@_date: 2014-02-25 19:47:34
You can use a registered nick unless the person is already logged in. This is why nick protection is important for anyone dealing with anything valuable on IRC, to prevent phishing attacks like this. Identifying with bots like gribble also help with this.
How to set nick protection:
    /msg nickserv SET ENFORCE ON
And the result of running `/msg nickserv help set enforce`
    -NickServ- ***** NickServ Help *****
    -NickServ- Help for SET ENFORCE:
    -NickServ-  
    -NickServ- SET ENFORCE allows you to enable more protection for
    -NickServ- all nicknames registered to your account.
    -NickServ-  
    -NickServ- This will automatically change the nick of someone
    -NickServ- who attempts to use it without identifying in time,
    -NickServ- and temporarily block its use, which can be
    -NickServ- removed at your discretion. See help on RELEASE.
    -NickServ-  
    -NickServ- Syntax: SET ENFORCE ON|OFF
    -NickServ- ***** End of Help *****
If someone blocks the nick by trying to hijack it, you must run
    /msg nickserv release &lt;nick&gt; &lt;password&gt;
Before you can `/nick &lt;nick&gt;`.
@_date: 2014-04-02 03:20:47
Libertarians aren't necessarily anarchists.
@_date: 2014-03-23 19:00:09
The GUI provides a command window or some access to the RPC interface. (You can find this under "help-&gt;debug window-&gt;console", in the bitcoin-qt/bitcoin core client). Once in the console, type "help" for a list of commands. "getrawmempool" might be of interest.
Note that you can get more information on each command by typing "help &lt;command&gt;", or for example, "help getrawmempool".
@_date: 2014-07-04 01:48:46
It might be more than 30 GB in a year ...
@_date: 2014-03-12 14:13:40
This is a great idea, but just having a QR code is a bad idea - the pirates will simply replace this with their own addresses haha. There has to be a better way to have a centralized address before this can happen.
@_date: 2014-05-13 01:25:33
Get over it.
If you don't like negative reactions about misleading titles ... pick a better title next time.
@_date: 2014-05-13 05:15:03
There is no company. Bitcoin is decentralized. The value is determined by the open market, on one of the many bitcoin exchanges.
The commentator you responding to is wrong - there *is* a correlation between supply and price. The reason it is "down ~50%" is because there are other factors in addition to supply, which contribute to the price. There is demand, which includes use for remittance, store of value, payment, any other of the many uses of bitcoin, and most importantly, speculation.
Speculation probably overrides *everything* else - so even if the demand for bitcoin goes up (via the other factors), speculation can contribute much larger negative demand as the speculators dump the coin (for any reason, such as bad press). And vice versa, the speculators can cause the demand to skyrocket on an upward trend, or for some news, overvaluing bitcoin on the exchanges (notwithstanding the demand cause by the speculation itself).
The real worth/value of bitcoin is debatable - I've seen some nice valuations based on the transaction demand and the "velocity" of a currency (how fast it can be reused). But in actuality it gets valued on exchanges, where there is a constant buy and sell auction going on. [Here]( are a bunch of charts for different exchanges. You can see the "depth" on the upper right side, the top are the asks, the bottom are the bids (in an auction), in between is the "spread". When they meet, a trade occurs. The "value" is basically in the spread.
@_date: 2014-02-18 16:11:22
Can't extract funds from mtgox. Risk or FUD of future being unable to extract in the future.
@_date: 2014-02-14 13:47:22
Bitcoin Exchange Bill of Rights, perhaps with certain technical standards, such as method of accepting deposits, and withdrawals with some flowcharts.
Of course such a bill of rights can have a lot of other things in it too, such as market fairness (clarity on policies like first-come-first-serve, rounding policies etc.) and some things the SEC usually enforces on regular exchanges, to insure the exchange isn't ripping their customers off. Then have the community demand that exchanges meet these things, while exchanges that comply with parts of it would be able to advertise as such with a checklist.
@_date: 2014-03-16 07:23:50
My rig = space heater in for my room.
@_date: 2014-03-26 14:50:42
Next comes sales tax :D
@_date: 2014-06-26 14:56:48
Sure it *affects* politics. Does this mean that bitcoin aligns with political groups? NO! For almost all groups, bitcoin has utility. Bitcoin is *not* a libertarian or anarchist niche. Lefties (most) will find bitcoin useful on a personal level. Lefty computer scientists will find it as fascinating as righty computer scientists. Having the top comments of every post on the subreddit basically saying "down with the government! yeah!!" makes it a "us vs. them" (left) mentality, which disgusts me.
@_date: 2014-07-15 08:12:48
And I think this is possible with SCIP/SNARKs. See [Universal and affordable computational integrity - Bitcoin 2013 Conference](
@_date: 2014-04-25 16:25:37
It is a vote, because if some miners decide for whatever reason to reject a block, then there will be a fork, and miners will "vote" which fork they will follow after that. Each miner gets a vote with the magnitude of its hashpower, because together, those that vote one way with the most hashpower will make the longest chain. If they "vote wrong", they will be mining the wrong fork (uselessly), so there is incentive to vote right. So, theoretically, there can be in the future arbitrary rules to decide to vote to follow different forks for different reasons, so yes, it is a real vote.
Similarly, if two miners find a block at the same time, the network nodes must vote which to accept (to rebroadcast) and the miners must vote which to accept (they vote by choosing which block to continue mining from). I imagine, a miner would vote for the one that they see first, or maybe for the one that a majority of their peers see first (because they don't want to be on the "wrong", non-majority fork, ultimately doing useless work for no reward).
@_date: 2014-05-19 02:30:27
They have to be games that can't be played by an AI, otherwise you will have cheaters (alternatively, an AI challenge/competition). I think Go is a contender, and I think there are some bitcoin/Go tournament sites (google).
@_date: 2014-06-17 20:38:05


"because it takes time to find a valid hash" FTFY
Hashing doesn't take a lot of time.
@_date: 2014-04-20 20:49:52


Not all downvotes are real. reddit's rep system is "randomly" messed up (on purpose).
@_date: 2014-05-02 05:17:58
Dunno, I think the IRS was trying to do save bitcoin "investors" money - capital gains tax is half the maximum income tax rate. So while you might have to keep track of the basis for each transaction you make (the "huge compliance costs"), is this not worth it to pay *half* the maximum tax?
@_date: 2014-03-17 21:18:52
I wanna see them ban bar codes next.
@_date: 2014-06-23 20:53:41
Sorry, I can't help you with this particular problem, but maybe I can help with some possibly useful information.
Firstly, you can do many things with the bitcoin RPC api, which basically operates over TCP to communicate directly with bitcoind. You can use [python-bitcoinrpc]( library to access a locally running bitcoind, after setting up the bitcoin.conf file with the port/access info. So in your program you could write:
    service_url='
    bitcoind = AuthServiceProxy(service_url)
    current_height = bitcoind.getblockcount()
    block_hash_hex = bitcoind.getblockhash(current_height)
    block_info = bitcoind.getblock(block_hash_hex)
    confirmations = block_info['confirmations']
    print 'confirmations:',confirmations
    print 'new address:',bitcoind.getnewaddress()
All this would work over local TCP, and depends directly on native Bitcoin Core's blockchain parsing.
Secondly, what you want to do specifically, is not easily doable. The reference implementation does not keep a database of addresses: it only keeps track of addresses it deems relevant, namely the ones in your wallet. The reason for this is that tracking additional information takes up a lot of extra disk space, and in the future would become insanely large. There is no way to prune this database, so it can be absolutely huge when you get Visa-like transaction throughput (on the order of 10-100 TB per year), and would only grow faster from there.
So, if you decide to use a bitcoin-parsing library, or a library that interacts with the RPC interface, either way, you must make your own external database. IIRC [BitPay's Insight]( can do this. It is written in NodeJS, but has an API as well, which probably can be accessed from python with an RPC library, the same way as I showed you above with bitcoin's RPC. Or you can roll your own, iterating through the blockchain, and for each block, iterating through each transaction to obtain the address, and storing all this in an index. Though don't do it in memory, it would take a ton of memory, use a proper db like mysql/sqlite/postgress or something (there are libs for all these for python).
@_date: 2014-04-25 03:38:20
[Downvotes aren't necessarily real, only the delta is]( 
@_date: 2014-04-06 04:35:13
He is kidding.
@_date: 2014-05-19 18:57:46
VPNs should be used in other jurisdictions, preferably several chained. And this is another danger you should have put in your post: the consolidation of jurisdictions world-wide.
@_date: 2014-06-13 15:32:43
It is possible to detect when most 51% attacks are happening, especially for the miners, if they demand/get the right information from their pool. (I mean that this should be in software). "Following reddit" is a human thing, hardly something very efficient :D. An attack can be going on for 10 hrs before someone who is even addicted to might notice (sleep after all).
@_date: 2014-05-29 19:11:57


Huh? You don't think there are/will be local exchanges in Mexico?


There are several solutions for this being worked on, including SMS wallets etc. They already use SMS for M-Pesa ...


An account basically means nothing.
I edited in the exact time of the bitpay slide, see for yourself. Bitpay has increased the number of merchants they have from 4000 to 40000 in a year. Sure some of the accounts can be closed, but that would actually be counter-productive to your argument, since it would mean the customer-base is increasing faster than the merchant-base, as their transaction volume has increased 10X as well ... (Mike Hearn is trying to moderate the excitement of bitcoin, basically you should want to agree with him ...).
BTW, your tone can use some polishing.
@_date: 2014-05-27 15:19:48
You can keep your keys on multiple machines/devices, thus requiring a potential hacker to get access to all of them. Of course this would require using multiple devices to pay out.
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:51:06
Agreed. That is one way of having a "centralized address". 
@_date: 2014-06-22 15:14:07
Maybe they can issue USD-colored coins or similar. This is a badly needed feature for *everyone* to avoid having to deal with banks, while having the ability to deal with USD:
* Software like Open Transaction depends on USD-backed digital assets.
* Similarly, anyone can make exchanges or other creative ideas that exchange in USD. For example, right now if you wanted to make a BTC/USD futures exchange, you need the headache of dealing with banks. But with a USD-backed colored coin, all you would need to do is deal with colored coins.
The name "BitReserve" sounds like it will be backing something, so I was hoping they would be the first to make USD colored coins. Interestingly, it seems that they would benefit from just such a thing, as they are avoiding dealing with banks. But if they avoid dealing with banks, it is unlikely that they can issue a colored coin in USD, unless the only way to buy it was with BTC. One can hope.
@_date: 2014-05-27 06:24:06
I don't think anyone will ever "secure a machine" - for now, you have to be nuts to keep bitcoins on a windows machine, and if you use linux or some other OS, it will only be safe until bitcoin becomes so valuable, that it incentives hackers to target it more frequently.
Rather, other solutions will *have* to happen, such as multi-sig wallets, on multiple devices, and/or dedicated hardware to keep private keys.
@_date: 2014-07-10 04:59:37
It is not ripple ... I can't stand people like you commenting and crapping this thread up. AFAICT, it is a colored-coin-like asset, issued and backed by a company. How is this "basically Ripple"?
@_date: 2014-06-13 17:43:27
It would be interesting if we required some sort of fidelity bond, or proof-of-stake to mine. For example, if there was a subsidy in lowering the difficulty if you can prove you have a stake. The bigger the stake, the more the subsidy. This way it is expensive to change the "who", and expensive to have several smaller "who"s.
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:14:12


They weren't investors, they were traders. "Investors" would keep their money offline.


It is true that crypocurrencies are facing trust issues, but these issues are misplaced. The real issue is with exchanges, and especially exchanges that don't prove their reserves. Unfortunately the media isn't helping.


There is much evidence of this. Well, there might be short-term drama or whatever, but ultimately, exchanges will all move to provable reserves, or die from the competition. This is something that the media doesn't talk about; bitcoin allows for full transparency, and provability of reserves. Bitcoin exchanges will be more transparent than most banks can ever hope to be, and it won't cost them a dime of compliance costs.
(see [Bitcoin 2014, the Dawn of Real Transparency]( and [Off-Chain Transactions]( also look around youtube, lots of videos describing the Merkle-sum-tree method of proving reserves).


I think this is irrelevant. You can say the same thing about any rich person or entity with USD: if they give their money away for free, the value of the USD will go down. Really, the current value of bitcoin is not an issue for half the people that use it: businesses. They can immediately sell any received bitcoin for the USD they want, if they wish to.


That is because the real fees are hidden on the business side in the form of a 2-5% cut. APR has nothing to do with it.


I don't understand how you can say this. Can you encrypt your dollars? But it is true that they are not really comparable. Fiat lets you have security in a bank, with FDIC. On the other hand, if the government ever decides you are doing something wrong, the first they will do is freeze all of your money. In case of an emergency (bank run?), they may freeze your money. In case of an extreme emergency, they might just give you back your money by printing it. This *is* a valuable insurance, but the ability to print also endangers the currency as a whole (massive inflation).
With bitcoin, you take your security into your own hands. However, superficially, there is nothing stopping a bank from letting people open a bitcoin denominated account, eventually, and insuring it. Thus there really is nothing inherently worse about bitcoin.


First, the incentive is for the potential of bitcoin, not for where it currently is.
Second, there is clear incentive for businesses who have to deal with banks and payment processors. Really, dealing with banks is an absolutely huge headache. Dealing with payment processors can be expensive. And they are both government sponsored monopolies (details next paragraph).
And for the individual, if you transfer money internationally, you can be charged a *percentage*. I mean seriously, this isn't the 1800s, they aren't putting your gold on a ship and actually moving it. They are just moving numbers around. Bitcoin, and the like, will force the banks to compete, or die. And if you think they compete now, you are dead wrong. FinCEN/BSA/AML regulations make it next to impossible to open a bank or money transmission business, which is why there are so few of these in the US. Basically, you have to get a license (easy), hire a compliance officer, and pay millions in compliance costs, then you must get ~50 additional licenses, one for each state you serve, costing up to half a million for the application fee and bond, which the states can *arbitrarily deny without reason*. And, these regulations apply to *foreign banks* that try to serve Americans in *foreign countries* which is why many banks no longer do (since 2010). This regulatory mess is why there are so few payment processors in the US. In europe, they at least centralized the AML system and streamlined it, so anyone who has a payment processor idea (cellular, w.e) can just try it much easier.
bottom line: the US financial system is *really* screwed up. bitcoin is a possible way around these screwups, and will force the laws to either restrict bitcoin or fix the screwups.


I agree that it started off as a "me also" coin, but now these coins have value. There is value in having "silver" especially on exchanges. For example, when a new commodity or coin hits an exchange, the cheapest per unit now is 1 satoshi of BTC or 0.00000001 BTC. The problem is, for a new coin, this is too valuable, and the next smallest unit is double the price. It doesn't allow a smooth market, because it is very discrete at such small prices. What many exchanges therefore do, is first make a NEW/LTC market, and once it reaches certain value, they make a BTC market, so it can trade in hundreds of satoshi of LTC before graduating to the 10s of BTC satoshi or more. Basically, this is an early way to get more decimal places out of bitcoin. And yes, these decimal places do matter, as noted above, with things that are numerous but have very little individual value.
@_date: 2014-03-18 22:38:09
And what is your point? Of course he fell victim to a scammer, that is exactly the point of his post!
Do you enjoy asking questions with obvious answers?
@_date: 2014-06-30 18:47:00


This scares me ...
@_date: 2014-06-26 14:51:15
Sure, in an abstract way, one can discuss what bitcoin's impact on politics and the dynamics of power.
My point is that bitcoin has useful utility to *everyone* - I don't think satoshi would have wanted political "othering" to exclude people from discussion and drown out any dissenting opinions. Most of satoshi's discussions were technical ... a leftist, rightist, whatever, if you are interested in computer science, satoshi will interest you.
Furthermore, I think most of the anarchist loudmouths on this subreddit are far to the extreme of what satoshi made explicit. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 01:26:17


No, that is the original "green address" idea, but greenaddress works differently. The whole point of the 2 of 2 multisig is so that the money cannot be double spent, unless you don't trust greenaddress not to double spend.
@_date: 2014-07-08 05:55:13
@_date: 2014-06-22 17:04:21
They probably allow you to fund your USD accounts, using BTC itself. That is, to fund your USD account with 100 USD, you would send 100 USD worth of BTC to them, which they would promptly sell, and fund your account. It is as if an exchange used bitpay to accept USD deposits. 
Withdrawing funds would be in BTC as well; if you want to withdraw 100 USD, they would give you an equivalent amount of BTC, and it would be your responsibility to sell it.
(This is all my imagination of how it could work).
They would be using bitstamp to buy/sell the coins.
@_date: 2014-03-31 16:56:28
AND .....
YOU GET A FREE LIFETIME!! SUBSCRIPTION to Obama's campaign MAILING LIST, a 1 BITCOIN VALUE!
@_date: 2014-06-26 15:51:52
I can't repeat this enough. I am not saying bitcoin doesn't have political implications. I am saying that those implications don't belong here, where the implications it has on one group excludes other groups who would also find bitcoin useful. People can yell and scream about how revolutionary bitcoin will be politically on or or whatever, and that is *fine*. But bringing those subreddits here at the expense of "othering" everyone else is *not* fine IMO, even when I agree with many of the political points that are dominant.
Bitcoin is not a libertarian/anarchist niche.
@_date: 2014-03-14 17:39:09
Video id ends in NSA! uh oh ...
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:41:10


This can't be a 2-part CoinJoin, because that would mean that they aren't getting their inputs. I.E if Tom and Harry are swapping coins, they should both exit the exchange of coins with the same sum total that they started with. All CoinJoin can do is combine transactions that would otherwise be separate. This is a strong primitive, but by itself looks exactly the same as a mixing service on the graph. As for the paper(s), I doubt they address CoinJoin directly, but they do address mixers. And they can't easily deanonymize mixers, but they can tell that you are mixing. And this would apply to CoinJoin as well.
Anyway, this is pointless, I already said stuff like CoinJoin was not what I was addressing, and CoinJoin and more advanced anonymizing tech can in the future help. 


A "traceback" would be physical investigation. They would find the last guy, ask him how he got it. And then follow it back. In normal cases, currency would have very low probability of *not* touching something identifiable (any legal business or exchange). And it has nothing to do with "probabilities", you are misunderstanding what the traceback entails. It isn't anything advanced or difficult to understand. It is simply saying: "you spent this money here, tell me where you got it from". That is all. They follow this until it goes out of jurisdiction, or until it hits a mixer. If it hits a mixer, they nab the last guy they asked for laundering.


The entire *point* of putting exchanges under AML is because of "Anti Money Laundering", do you think they would leave out a "Mixing Service"? This isn't my opinion, it is a simple fortiori, that I assumed I wouldn't need to spell out so explicitly.


Again for the 100th time, there is no automatic association. Mom and Pop would be questioned: "where did you get these coins", and that is the end of it.


That is just the amount of paper they collected, and how often they charged those. By contrast, these would be open-and-shut cases. You used a mixer. That is as good as telling a mobster, gimme 10 dirty dollars, I'll give you 10.


What I was thinking: There were similar ideas to change it so that the transactions could implicitly be combined without people needing to group together. Things like this would provide cover, because of the volume, and make being a mixing service involuntary - everyone would be part of it.
/sigh CoinJoin isn't magic, it just combines transactions.


I give up, feel like I am repeating myself and arguing over the same moot points.


But you can. Most normal transactions have many inputs and maximum of 2 outputs. CoinJoin transactions have subsets of the inputs that sum up to subsets of the outputs - change does not look like this at all. Sure you can do this with a server MITM that combines several CoinJoins in some trustless scheme perhaps, and lower some probabilities, but this is something like the future I was talking about. And even then, I'd be very wary of how much information leaks via graph analysis.
Bottom line: CoinJoin is not magic. It is just combining transactions. But you can still tell that it is being done. And, unless more obscurity is introduced, it is easy to map the inputs to outputs. As a CS guy who looked into this, be very very wary of what graph analysis can figure out from these sort of mixers.


I already said that it applies to coinjoin as well because it simply acts exactly like a mixer, not that the paper(s) address CoinJoin.
And ... I explicitly said google for papers yourself. Seriously, this childish arguing over moot points is making me stop this conversation now.


Indeed, but I feel like I rehashed everything 4 times :P
@_date: 2014-06-24 19:55:22
AFAIK the FDIC does not insure safety deposit boxes. Only USD in insured bank accounts. OTOH, insurance companies that would otherwise insure valuables in a home, might also insure items in a safety deposit box. A little tidbit: I remember reading on reddit that someone was once successful for recovering the value of bitcoins lost in his home from his insurance company. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:20:01
I advise you *not* to actually try your schemes without talking to an accountant (who will laugh as hard as I have).


1. they have jurisdiction on the "mixer" and force them to give up associated addresses. Or,
2. they do not have jurisdiction, and then when you use some of those dirty coins you got from there, they will be tracking anything that touches the mixer until it reaches an exchange in their jurisdiction. Then you'll be on the hook for whatever terrorist also did the same thing, and you ended up with his coins, in addition to a myriad of money laundering charges. (unless you can show in the chain that you really are innocent, maybe you'll get off the terrorist charges).


1. plausible deniability only works *once* - people don't realize this. If you have to plausibly deny two things, you are screwed.
1. You are still liable for taxes even if you get "hacked".
1. There is no due process when it comes to these things (taxes, fraud, AML). 
@_date: 2014-06-09 19:48:37
Consumers adopting bitcoin will probably take a while. It is true: it is great for receivers of payment. Once people can spend it easily, people might spend bitcoins they receive without exchanging them first.
But in anycase, what does this have to do with the quote? The quote is addressing merchants.
@_date: 2014-04-01 01:58:59
And ... [1099s are for businesses only](
@_date: 2014-03-02 03:33:43
Watch [What Is The Bitcoin Revolution: Transparency On Steroids](