@_author: reasonableqs
@_date: 2018-01-14 11:00:58
Well, I am aware that sometimes the better security is not tell tell anything about your measures since it can raise the risk of hacker searching for gap related to those specific measures.
On the other hand it is normal that if a customer who has identified himself already, would like to know a little bit more since if their database gets stolen, then all the information on your IDs is gone. Not just info you entered manually - for instance Name, Adress, Birthday. In addition there is Nationality, Place of Birth, Your actual signature, Individual ID number(s), eye color, height, expiration date, Issuing town, Your biometric picture. 
And if you want to make bigger deals - for some reason unclear to me - they demand some document which shows service to your adress. That thing is kind of easy to fake. 
See, I would like to register with Kraken because of the prices they run. But, no offense, I was surprised how often I got error messages when simply calling up their website. And the last downtime was insane long. 
Over the past two years a lot of databases from huge companies(which I would have expected being better protected) got compromised. My intention is not to make Kraken look bad. But I believe that it is reasonable to ask those things as a return of trust.
Instead of "Isolated, highly secure system for uploading account verification documents" they could relate to a known security standard. 
I am new to these exchange platforms, therefore I probably feel a bit different about those things. What in your opinion, are the facts that Kraken is one of the most secure ones?
@_date: 2018-01-14 12:24:28
Thank you, I appreciate the positive arguments!
@_date: 2018-01-14 10:29:05
Thank you for advice.
Unfortunately they don't tell which information on the ID is required and which not.
I will consider the watermark idea. Even though if I was going to steal someone's identity, I would use the textual information but not the screenshot itself.
My concern is that they store more information (attached to the ID, travel pass, whatever), than they acutally need. 