@_author: rebeltrillionaire
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:34:30
Almost. I was going to buy tickets to a basketball game for BTC using one of the ATMs. It ended up being a scam. Which sucks, because I was excited to use BTC again. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:29:01
This is where the believers in the *currency* of BTC and the *investor interests* diverge. Hopefully there's a balance of having cake and eating it too. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:05:58
well it's  not like cash is gonna save you either. Dudes stands outside and sells you a fake ticket, you walk in and it doesn't work. Your money is gone and you're not seeing the game. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 10:18:32
Everyone keeps repeating this scenario. As if they would be the one lucky SOB in the world. There’s some people rich off this. Most aren’t. Hey, that’s how investments work. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:11:30
I understand what ya'll are saying, but the times I've used a digital currency to purchase something, it was BTC. The people selling the thing I wanted accepted USD and BTC. The BTC was an easier transaction. I exchanged USD for BTC and BTC for goods / services. It is meant to be a currency. It functions like one.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:37:34
Think about an IRA. You're making decisions with money you can't touch for 40-50 years. So... ya know, the best thing to do is not think about it. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:59:06
It's funny, I moved all of my investments out around Christmas when BTC was peaking. The stock markets were having a similar run but a lot of businesses weren't actually going to benefit much from the tax plan. 
Then I read about how tons and tons of retail investors didn't feel comfortable buying stocks at ATHs and just had the cash sitting around. Then cue this week and the DOW drops like crazy. 
I get what you're saying just because I did it, not even really that purposely. I'm still looking around for what to put my money into now. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:31:05
How long have you owned it? Have you ever mined it? Have you ever used it to purchase anything? Have you ever read the whitepapers? 
Whatever you're reading, is all pure speculation. That's why it was so stupid to read all these articles that contained zero facts about "Why BTC would top 30k by end of 2017". 
A friend posted this on Facebook and it was probably the best assessment I'd read that was trying to cool people running with FOMO to get a Coinbase account and thought BTC was going to start the revolution.
"Fiat currencies aren’t “backed by nothing”. they’re backed by militaries that enforce international claims and police forces that enforce domestic claims. As long as a state demands taxes be paid in its currency, that currency has an underlying value: the value is that it buys your freedom from imprisonment for tax evasion.
If you’re betting on bitcoin **because you expect it to displace national currencies**, you are betting on a far more massive revolution than the emergence of a new asset class: you are actually operating on a theory of (at least partial) state collapse. 
The problem is that bitcoin relies on a stable physical infrastructure and contract-enforcement regime, which are the products of a functional state, and require constant maintenance and funding (in fiat currency). I also see no evidence that bitcoin can actually operate functionally in a context where a state has determined to interfere (by blocking network access to exchanges, by demanding transaction/identity data from exchanges, etc).
So that leaves me struggling to envision a future state of the world where bitcoin is a stable exchange medium and not simply a speculation that everybody always needs to dollar-reckon to assess.
But I said this at $100/BTC so whatever
Be careful"
The counter to this is that blockchain technology is very exciting. Smart contracts are exciting. It's great technology that also has a single popular coin. I don't think *trusting* ought to have ever been in the vocab unless you were talking about the tech or the network decoupled form the monetary value. 
