@_author: rebelrat2
@_date: 2014-03-02 06:19:22
Not true.  I remember him distinctly coming around on Edward Snowden, who at first he was very critical of, but then called him a hero.  
On Bitcoin, he made a very true statement that every  investor should know from day 1 - do not put all your eggs ...  and then store that basket halfway across the globe at an exchange with a very tarnished reputation.  
Anybody that has been around the block saw this coming from a distance after the Dwolla seizures. This was a remnant of the Silkroad days and good riddance.  
Of course it is absolutely terrible that many Bitcoin enthusiasts old and young got hurt tremendously.  Maybe some of the early adopters with the humungous Bitcoin holdings could set up some funds to make these people at least partially whole?  
If somebody like Andreas could set this up, I would gladly throw in some Litecoins to help these people out (got into Bitcoin in 2013 when the price was $100 - never mined them but have been doing well with Litecoin mining).  
This offer excludes the speculators who traded at Gox in 2014.
 
@_date: 2014-02-26 12:20:40
Agreed.  The Dollar's demise has been decided by TPTB - it is only a matter of time when a global currency reset must take place.  That is one of the reasons why I invested in Bitcoin in the first place, but only with the money I can afford to lose.  Obviously I never store anything of significance on a exchange unless I want to transact.  But I also hold precious metals and other hard assets to be prepared when the fiat currencies will fail.  
@_date: 2014-02-26 12:31:22
It is only partially on you - you took a large risk. But do not blame yourself too much - Mt. Gox is clearly at fault.  Yes, the blockchain info shows how 750k BTC was stolen over a period of two years - what kind of accounting or audit did they ever perform at GOX to not notice this over a period of two years, with the last transactions completing on Feb. 25 of this year (3,000 BTC) ?  Sounds like they had inside help. 