@_author: reddituser1968
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:11:56
**Go to   - Use incognito window if you don't see the pop-up, as it only shows it once.  Otherwise, here is the text.**
In August 2017, Bitcoin forked into two variants. These have taken radically different paths.
Looking at the situation one quarter later, it is clear to us that the Blockstream fork of bitcoin diverges so radically from the ideas presented in the Bitcoin white paper, that it is an evolutionary dead end. While it may still have high trading value, as a mere collectible of curiosity, the Blockstream fork of bitcoin is not part of building any future financial infrastructure, which is what Block Explorer is about.
A currency of the future has subcent optional usage fees and instant transactions. The Blockstream fork of Bitcoin ("Bitcoin Legacy") is at $20 usage fees and rising, with no end in sight, and can take days to confirm, despite unfulfilled promises to the contrary on both points when Segwit activated in what can only be described as a community fistfight. We are therefore making the decision to consider the Blockstream fork deprecated, and support it as legacy technology only.
Rather, we have made the decision to support the only bitcoin fork with a postive utility momentum, which is Bitcoin Cash. We took an early decision to deploy a Bitcoin Cash block explorer and will continue to roll out related services. We are also deploying tools for other cryptocurrencies we find on a positive momentum path, such as ZCash, which have increased privacy value.
We will not add future support for the Blockstream fork of bitcoin ("Bitcoin Legacy"), and will be deprecating it entirely at some future point in time to be determined. Developments have revealed it to be a dead end. At such a time, we will refer to Bitcoin Cash as Bitcoin only, but will make some effort to not break API calls by changing URLs of legacy automated systems.
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:44:20
I own more bitcoin than you do, genius.  It's important that people know what is being said by major companies and have the balls to discuss the merits of the claim.
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:28:48
Why do they call btc the "blockstream fork".  Who is blockstream?  Was Satoshi a member of blockstream?
@_date: 2017-12-01 19:46:02
How do they manipulate it?  They do it by selling multi-billion dollars in paper gold in a few seconds, during times when most traders are not trading.  This happens consistently, and as you know, it's obviously the worst possible strategy for unloading a large position, unless you are more concerned with suppressing the price than you are with exiting your position with as much money as possible.  
If you believe that somebody would allow inexperienced traders prone to panic the ability to liquidate the funds entire multi-billion dollar asset position, you should know that these events happen when there has been bad news for the dollar, which should be sending gold higher, so there would be no reason for a trader to panic sell.
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:00:46
I like your optimism.  But the Gold market ($3 Trillion to $6 Trillion, depending on how you define it) is huge compared to bitcoin, and they manipulate it easily using paper gold futures.
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:51:55
Nobody.  That's the shame of it.  No actual bitcoins will be bought.  They are just placing sidebets, always settled in cash, on bitcoin price.  Every dollar that is invested long in the futures market does nothing to increase bitcoin's price.  It is a dollar wasted, that will now not go toward buying actual bitcoin. 
Then you have the actual manipulation which will occur, which is a separate issue that some people not familiar with what has happened to gold and silver, contest.  However, there is no contesting the fact that this will drain buying liquidity that would have purchased bitcoin, and divert it to this cash only derivative.
@_date: 2015-06-01 14:21:19
Both Rand and his dad advocate that many things that you would have decided at a federal level, should instead, be decided at a state level. 
As somebody in favor of decentralization, you should get this.  It's a philosophical viewpoint that decentralization is safer for the public.
So you may indeed say he's against federal laws supporting something you like.  But he's against them, not because it's something you like, but because it's a federal law. 
The U.S.A. was not meant to have such a strong federal government, and having one has caused a lot of problems.  There are those of us who are still pushing for the decentralization of  a country with strong states rights.
@_date: 2014-12-05 17:33:23
This doesn't have the word 'bitcoin' in it, but I found it very educational.  I hadn't realized that in my lifetime, there had been so many changes to the system of world currency.  It makes me realize that the monetary system is in a state of flux and is very much not written in stone.
@_date: 2014-09-25 16:15:07
This is something I am also interested in doing.  I have a six year old son, and I would like to allow him to start buying things. 
Kids can't buy stuff on the internet, and it sucks.  Dad's not going to give them his credit card, or link it to their amazon account, because they can mess up and spend thousands of dollars.
Amazon solves this with gift cards.  I can send my son an amazon gift card, and it appears as credit in his amazon account, which works for Amazon, but I would like a more general purpose solution.
Google is annoying.  I can't set my son's phone up so he can buy apps for his phone, because that requires me to link my credit card to his phone, which I am not going to do.  Google has gift cards, but you can't buy them online from Google.  They make you go to a physical store to buy them.  But when you do that, the store tells you they sent them all back to Google, because they weren't selling.  So, there's really no way for me to put apps that cost money onto my sons phone.  Free business idea, sell Google Gift Cards for bitcoin.  There are some 3rd party people selling Google gift cards online already, but they seem shady, so I don't want to give them my credit card info.
Bitcoin is interesting, because as more and more people accept it, kids will become fully able to purchase items online, without bothering their parents, and without opening up their parents to additional monetary risk.  You give your child $5.00 in BTC, and it's his to spend or lose, without endangering the family bank account or credit card.
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:28:57
There is an obvious similarity, from a user perspective, between Boleto and Bitcoin.
This suggests two things to me.
1) Bitcoin merchants should follow Boleto's lead, in extending SIGNIFICANT discounts to people who pay with bitcoin.  Boleto merchants do 10% to 15% discounts, which is significant enough that the lack of a chargeback mechanism is compensated for.
2) Providing effective user security for non-chargeback payment systems is a hard problem, because you're up against smart, highly motivated criminals that are always adapting to your current security.  
@_date: 2014-11-07 00:10:53
This looks like it must be him
@_date: 2015-01-08 16:24:26
Your reply doesn't make any sense.   It seems like you're interested, so you should go ahead and read up on maidsafe.  I think you'll be impressed.
@_date: 2015-01-24 01:47:00
The reason you would use an ETF is so you could invest a portion of the money that's tied up in your 401K or IRA.  This money can't be taken out of the investing account until you retire, but you can invest it as you like, in approved securities.
A bitcoin ETF would be such a security.  This will allow a lot of money to flow into bitcoin.
Even though bitcoin is volatile, somebody may choose to throw a few thousand dollars from their IRA/401K towards it, while remaining in safer securities with the rest of their money.
@_date: 2017-08-01 14:42:39
BitCHcoin.  I like  it!  I'm calling it this from now on.  Much easier than saying BCC which isn't even correct.
Just like SQL is pronounced "Seequel" by some, I intend to pronounce BCH as "Bitch"
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:02:28
I was not advocating the elimination of all government.  Government serves an important role in capitalism in that it enforces property rights and contract law.  These are necessary and proper functions for government to perform.
But the parent was advocating some sort of magical government that gives people whatever they need, which is impossible, since government creates nothing, it only points guns at people and tells them what to do,  This is useful for maintaining property rights, but it's not useful for feeding people.
@_date: 2017-11-07 22:10:33
If your coworker was referring to income taxes, he was correct.  Income taxes are not constitutional.  It doesn't seem to matter somehow.  We are living in a post-constitutional world, where they just make up laws as they see fit, finding loopholes to skirt the limitations on their power that the constitution provided.
@_date: 2015-08-26 14:26:53
This is cool.  Is there a library that enables video unlocking in this manner, or do we have to roll our own solution.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:42:16
I also read the Economic Hitman book. I recognize the US has interfered and is probably still interfering in many South American countries as well as elsewhere in the world.
However, you are wrong to gloat over countries that claim they are socialist and haven't yet imploded under their constant money printing, while ignoring countries such as Chile and New Zealand and even the UK that did implode from their socialist policies and had to reform their governments.
You also undermine your own point when you brag about it's oil reserves.  If you have something valuable, you can find allies to help you fight the bully.  China and Russia both spring to mind.  Yet  Venezuela is still starving.  That means there's something else hindering their progress than just the US being a bully.
That something else, by the way, are the items I mentioned above.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:56:59


Yes, it sucks when that happens.   That's something you and I can fight against.  Multinational corporations getting bailed out by the taxpayers is just wrong and politicians who cause that to happen because of bribes or campaign contributions need to be prosecuted to try to root out this practice.
But regarding capitalism in general, don't throw the baby out with the bath water.  I promise you, you or your children will starve if you imagine you'll all just ask the state to point it's gun at the evil rich guys and give you the money.  Eventually, you'll be marched into the field as a useless eater and you'll never return when they run out of rich guys.  It's not like there's not ample historical evidence of this.  Don't they teach history anymore?
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:23:23
The horrible things that Venezuela did go beyond socialism (the forced redistribution of wealth by the state), but socialism always degrades to these sorts of arrogant actions, since they get used to throwing their weight around.
1) They nationalized businesses, which means the government stole the businesses from the people who started them.  Guess what?  Nobody wants to do business there anymore.  Do you want to go down there and start a business or even buy property, knowing it can be taken from you tomorrow?  Of course you don't.  Nobody else does either.   They can't refine their oil and nobody is stupid enough to go build a refinery there, just to have it stolen.
2) They implemented price controls.  Price controls are the stupidest idea in the world.  If something  is scarce, you prohibit people from raising the price.  What could go wrong?  Oh right, nobody is incentivized to ship the scarce item into the price controlled area, and the item becomes even more scarce.  Even the US is stupid enough to do this in hurricane situations.  Prohibit people from charging extra for water or gas or generators, and then wonder why nobody is loading up their trucks and driving through the night to bring in water or gas or generators.  It doesn't matter if the 1st truck that drives through the night, moving fallen logs and fording rivers to get there charges $5000 for a generator.  The 2nd truck that comes will charge $4000, and the next one will charge $2000, and pretty soon, they're down to $500 each.  That is called capitalism.  Let it work and you will never starve.  Interfere with it, and the world will watch you starve while commenting about it on internet forums.
@_date: 2017-11-03 18:23:28


How EXACTLY does the government provide for the needs of the people?  Governments are not omnipotent, even though they try to pretend they are.  They cannot make wine from water or multiply the loaves and the fishes.  All they can do is point guns at people and take things.  How does that feed anybody, when they run out of things to take?
You will be better off with less government interference as you work your ass off trying to provide for your own needs.  Praying to government to magically meet "the needs of the people" is a recipe for disaster.
@_date: 2017-11-07 22:06:13
You're babbling.   How would you think otherwise?  Until we can make electricity from lies and corruption, we will have to continue to use private companies instead of governments to make it.
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:13:16
Dude, those people tried their utopia and got people killed.  Not 100, not 1000, not 100,000, but millions upon millions upon millions of people were killed or starved to death at the alter of socialism.  Fuck your political theory books written 100 years ago.  Read a history book instead.   
@_date: 2019-04-19 23:40:28
If you can't defend it, you don't own it.  That applies in spades when you're dealing with sovereignty over a piece of the earth.  That's the problem with the whole seasteading concept.  They thumb their noses at the various countries, but then hope some legal framework will project them.  If even Taiwan is not safe from invasion, how can a seastead be?
@_date: 2019-04-23 17:43:48
Governments have attacked it, and continue to do so.  Can you imagine where bitcoin would be without all the KYC/AML bullshit?
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:38:25


Really?  Do you buy real barrels of oil to offset your oil speculation?  No, you don't, and neither do I.  People will not be offsetting shit with actual bitcoin.  This is for speculation.  If it moves against them, they eat it, or offset it with some other derivative.  Not by buying the actual commodity.
@_date: 2018-02-27 21:06:51
Do you really want "as many as possible"?  
Liquidity is always a concern with exchanges, both distributed and centralized.  Having all available liquidity on a single DEX would be best, especially since the non distributed exchanges soak up such a huge percentage of the available liquidity.  If you split the available liquidity into a large array of exchanges, large orders are impossible, and even small orders can move the price enough to deter trading on that exchange.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:32:10
Yep.  Every penny spent in this market does nothing to actually raise the price of bitcoin, since no bitcoin are actually being purchased.  This will rob buying liquidity from actual bitcoin. suppressing the price.
If that isn't enough, it provides them a tool to suppress the price by printing fiat and selling futures contracts.  They will cover those contracts with fiat that they printed, no bitcoin involved.  Gold and Silver  guys have been experiencing this bullshit for years.  Welcome to the party.  Anything to keep the fiat ponzi alive.
@_date: 2017-10-20 00:17:03
Israel gets 38 billion.  That would build a nice wall, which is sort of what they're using it for ... a wall of guns.
@_date: 2017-10-31 20:35:59
4.7% of black adult males are in prison, while only 1.8% of hispanic adult males are in prison.  Now, are you saying that this is because hispanics are richer than black people, so blacks need to commit more crime?  Really?  Or is there, perhaps, something else going on?  For completeness, I'll mention that 0.7% of white adult males are in prison.  
Maybe the cops are just arresting all those black guys, and leaving the hispanic guys alone, yes?  I suspect you will say that's the problem.
@_date: 2017-10-31 19:33:56
Sorry, but just saying something is not debatable is not an argument.  To many people who believe in creating a diversified portfolio of non-correlated assets, their bitcoin position IS the hedge, as it's movements should be non-correlated to other portfolio components.  Don't you wish they had purchased real bitcoin instead of paper bitcoin to achieve that diversification?
@_date: 2017-10-31 18:03:06


Nope, it will rob liquidity from the spot market because every penny invested in this secondary market is a penny not purchasing actual bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:59:12


Nope.  it will relieve buying pressure because every penny spent by a bitcoin long investor in this secondary market is a penny not used to buy actual bitcoin.  That's a suppressive force in the price.  It is stealing buying liquidity.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:46:50
Only one country has been to the moon.  The rest use the metric system.   Must suck to only be able to do math on your fingers.  
Non-metric volume is binary.  You like binary right?
1 pint = 2 cups
1 quart = 2 pints
1 gallon = 4 quarts
Cool huh?
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:59:45
Yes, go sell in a centralized marketplace.  Oh wait, those already exist.  Here, let me link you to two of them.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:12:49


That's not true.  That would be true if they couldn't be settled for cash.  But this will be cash settled.  That means they can print up as much fiat as they want and naked short it.  When the contract is called, it is settled for cash.  Yep, they lose some cash.  So what?  They have a printer. 
This is bad for bitcoin, not good.  It gives them a lever to suppress it with.
Also, even if you don't believe they will do what they do to gold, you still have the fact that these people ARE NOT BUYING BITCOIN.  This market is completely secondary.  It allows people to bet on the price of bitcoin, without actually buying bitcoin.  Every penny that goes long in this secondary market is a penny that did not purchase actual bitcoin.  This market will supress  bitcoin based on that alone.  Would you rather have somebody buying $1M in actual bitcoin, or placing a $1M bet in a secondary market that has nothing to do with bitcoin?
Why are people celebrating?  This is bad news. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:25:57
Wrong.  It's cash settled.  There will be no "short covering rally" because no actual bitcoins were borrowed.  Short covering rallies occur because the underlying asset or stock was borrowed and must be purchased so it can be returned to whomever it was borrowed from.  
There is no bitcoin being borrowed at all.  It's all just a cash settled betting parlor.
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:56:00
Wrong.  Oil is not cash settled.  If you want to cover a contract you sold, you have to go buy another contract to offset it with ... or you better have some oil in your garage.   Most commodities are like that.   Even gold and silver was like that ... until they decided to change it so they could suppress it.  You can now cash settle gold and silver contracts.
@_date: 2018-07-24 22:52:39
But how would people with Trump Derangement Syndrome get their little endorphin rush of trashing him on that subreddit?
@_date: 2017-10-31 17:21:30
Exactly.  Cash settled is the kiss of death.  It means 
1) They can print fiat to suppress bitcoin if they choose
2) Some investors interested in buying bitcoin will instead just "bet on price" on this secondary market, and no actual bitcoin will be bought, thus reducing the pool of money buying actual bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:12:38
Lol, why don't you tell us, so we don't waste our time reading up about something we care little about, lol?  
If they don't want it, I sure as f-c- don't want to give it to them.
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:20:37
It was obviously different people in power at the beginning of the 42 year span, and at the end.
Perhaps Nixon was being generous.  Nixon was forced to take us off the gold standard because France was draining our gold reserves.  After we took over Vietnam from them (they started it), France began converting dollars to gold as fast as they could submit the forms.  (Seems a bit ungrateful to me)  Nixon said enough is enough, we will no longer allow foreign states (normal people had not been able to do this for 42 years) to convert dollars to gold.
Perhaps Nixon knew that the dollar would begin to lose purchasing power at a high rate after this,  (it did) and he wanted to return to US citizens the ability to buy gold and preserve the purchasing power of their savings.  Nixon was looking out for us here.
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:01:03
This is obviously not FUD.  Somebody fix the title of the post
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:05:35
Exactly.  Of course it will still exist, just like Dungeons and Dragons still exists.  But unless there exists, somewhere in the world, a large conduit between fiat and crypto, it will be a toy.
We only need one country to step up and be that conduit, but it needs to be a country that can't be bullied by the rest into submission.  Japan could be that country.  The USA won't jeopardize it's bases on China's doorstep to bully Japan about crypto (I don't think).
@_date: 2015-03-30 22:05:29


Your attack won't work.  To understand why, let me add a little detail.
The data is chunked into 1MB chunks.  Each chunk is stored on a random vault on the network.  So if you store an excel spreadsheet containing your tax information, that spreadsheet will be encrypted and chunked and scattered to random vaults.  None of it will reside on your PC.  Those chunks are then duplicated so a minimum of 4 copies of them always exist on the network.  (When a node goes down, the data in it is duplicated immediately from the remaining 3 nodes, so there are always 4 nodes containing your data)  When you go to read that excel file, it's assembled from the multiple chunks residing in the hundreds of vaults that pieces of it it was stored on. 
The attack you describe, of setting up multiple accounts, storing data with them, and then attempting to read that data multiple times would be difficult, due to the improbability of you controlling any of the vaults that contain any of the data that you stored.   It moves from difficult to impossible, however, because of caching.  After you read the data once, it resides in the caches of the nodes between the requesting account and the vault account.  The vault account will not be paid for duplicate reads, since those reads never make it that far.  They get answered by the cached copies.  You could wait several seconds to a minute, and ask for the data again, of course, which gives the caches time to forget your last request, but that slows down your attack to the point of being useless.
@_date: 2015-03-30 20:47:02
I follow the maidsafe project closely.  I don't recall any dates ever being given, officially.  They are deliberately not committing to dates, so they can write good code.  
You can follow the development progress, minute by minute, at 
After 10 years of work, David Irvine is willing to delay a couple more months to make sure the code is clean and well documented and intuitive, so other teams can contribute after the launch.  The vision is much like Bitcoin, that nobody will own the code, but instead, there will be core devs from all over the world that contribute, as well as an army of independent application developers to develop apps to sit on top of the platform.  For all that to happen, the code needs to be understandable by programmers that are new to the code base.
All that said, I think testnet3 is imminent.  
@_date: 2015-03-30 20:37:47
Nobody, at any time, anywhere, has talked about the safe network being turned into a centralized service.  You may be thinking of some other project.
As for the safecoin token that will incentiveize the network participants. Why would it be impossible?  It's not even the most difficult part of the project.
@_date: 2015-03-30 22:58:42


That's obviously not true.  But you are right that not all the 10 years was spent coding.  It was also spent setting up the charity, the Maidsafe Foundation [1], writing patents [2] and assigning them to the foundation, so the work can't be stopped by others, collaborating, and writing whitepapers.
* [1] 
* [2] 
@_date: 2015-03-31 00:05:40


Remember that the more data you store, the more nodes it will be stored on, so the more caches that will come into play.  So, potentially, the answer to your question is "yes".  However, when we start talking exabytes of data, my mind sort of shifts gears to the personal cost to you of your attack.  You have to pay to store those exabytes of data, before you can start your attack.  2000 or 3000 terabytes of data will cost you something fairly non-trivial to store, even on the safe network.  If that amount of data is required for your attack, it will be a real investment for you to carry it out.  We don't know what the dollars per gigabyte of storage will be on the safe network, because it will be constantly adjusting.  However, I believe it will be no less than $0.20 per gigabyte.  So, 3 exabytes of data is 3,000,000 GB of data, which will cost you $600,000 to store, before you begin your attack.  If it's closer to $0.30, you're up to $900,000. 
Ask your question on the forum.  I would enjoy people more knowledgeable than I responding to it.
@_date: 2015-03-31 13:51:24
Your super duper compressed data generator is not interesting.  Your data is what it is, in the format that you present it to the safe network.  The safe network will be the one to encrypt and compress it.  You as a user, will be charged accordingly, and you as a farmer, you will be paid accordingly.    No cheaties.  If your data happens to compress very easily, congratulations, you won't be charged much to store it.  However, you also won't be paid much when somebody GETs it from your vaults.
If you hack the code that exists on the nodes you control, which you could do, since the code is open source, then enjoy yourself. Change your nodes code,  so they use your super screw-the-network compression algorithm that compresses on store, but doesn't take advantage of that compression on retrieval.  But after that, your nodes will no longer be in the safe network, because the data your nodes try to put onto the network will be rejected.
You will not be "paying your own nodes" when you store the data.  Your attack consists of paying the network to store the data, and then hoping to cheat at farming by doing multiple GET requests to data that resides on nodes of accounts you have created.  Since you can't know where the network will store any given chunk of data, your plan is to store such a huge amount of data that nodes you control must have some of it.  But before you begin your Dr. Evil plan, you must pay the network to store the data in the first place.  That's an up-front investment that is non-trivial, and becomes more non-trivial the larger percentage of the network that you use, because the maidsafe network adjusts it's prices based on percent of the available storage space that is being used.  It does this to encourage farming when farming is needed, but it will also make your attack more and more expensive.  You can't control a significant percentage of the network without paying a lot of money to do it.
@_date: 2015-02-27 15:07:54


You're desperate for me to explain why.   You must be a human.
@_date: 2019-05-21 17:29:41
BSV up 50% today on the news that Craig Wright is Satoshi, as verified by the government of the United States of America.  Sometimes you have to just laugh.