@_author: redditsdummestuser
@_date: 2016-01-25 18:25:28
Just like the future of the Iranian economy didn't depend on U.S. sanctions...
@_date: 2015-11-19 17:05:23
[The Social Contract]( (Wikipedia) is a good place to start.  
@_date: 2016-05-03 17:22:06
It's posts like this that give a bad name.  It makes you people look like uneducated knuckle-dragging tinfoil salespeople.  It's no different than what you'd hear from a gold bug.
@_date: 2015-11-18 18:01:48
Whenever I read a comment like this, I become more painfully aware of the vast number of people who never read or understood the basic concepts forwarded by Hobbes and Locke as it relates to rights/freedom/society/etc.
@_date: 2016-07-07 20:43:56


[Here's something good from FT Alphaville.](
@_date: 2016-07-07 11:08:04
Let's address some of these:


I see this a lot.  Nobody is being "punished" by low interest rates.  
All real economic returns in this world are generated by two, and only two things:  Either actual arbitrage (very, very rare) or through taking risk (very, very common).
In the case you're referencing - low rates (correct me if I'm wrong) - you are investing in essentially a "risk free" asset as far as you're concerned, yet you expect to be compensated for that?  You've taken no risk, but you would like a reward?
I save.  10% of what I make.  I choose not to put that money into low-yielding bonds.  Instead, I invest in equities.  Give it a try.


Then, of course, there's the FDIC.  Which backs banks, by the way.


Not at the small levels its currently being used at.  However, when you get into much larger transactions, P2P simply will not scale.  Not for lack of technology, BTW - that's the easy part. 
*Edited spelling*
@_date: 2016-07-06 21:45:03
People other than yourself use methods other than the ones you use to tease out and answer questions.
@_date: 2016-07-08 12:11:12




LOL.  Take care - back to the circlejerk for you.
@_date: 2016-07-07 01:39:11


I'm sorry that you thought this.  What if you said "I will explain law," or "I will explain politics"?   How does one explain either?  "Oh, it's simple.  Law is this."  Uh huh.  Finance isn't an ELI5 thread.  It takes a *very long time* to really learn what I would characterize as "the science of finance."
The science of finance.  Think about that.
Unlike economics, which is a nebulous concept in a large number of cases, a huge portion of finance deals with very specific and mathematically explainable concepts.  You probably think that finance is "picking stocks" or "charging people to deposit money" when, in fact, these are just niches of a much larger function.  
To think that "bitcoin will replace banks" is laughable.  Let me give you just one response:  I never *once* dealt with a piece of scrip. Every instrument I ever worked with - *Every.  Single.  Instrument.* - was electronic in nature.  They were just bits moving around the world.  Whether it's a US 30 Year Treasury Future, a claim on the income of a company, or any number of other items, they are nothing more than numbers on a screen.  They are manipulated and shuffled around.  That's it.  
Will bitcoin eliminate the need for forward rate agreements?  How about fixed for floating swaps?  Will it cut out the need to hedge or speculate on futures?  Will it make business decisions like a mergers or acquisitions "quaint" or "antiquated" ideas?  
Bitcoin is a part of finance.  Bitcoin won't "replace" or "eliminate" finance because it can't.  The concept is literally incongruous.  It's like saying "my new cybernetic arm eliminates the need for the rest of my body.  *It's that good.*"
I think that the technology underpinning bitcoin (oh I know, "here it comes again"), is useful.  The concepts undoubtedly will be put in place.  Finance is not a netherworld bereft of technology - I would say that tech is highly integrated into finance (I was a CS major in college).  They'll pick up the useful parts of bitcoin and discard the rest.
@_date: 2016-07-07 11:08:56
Banks do not create money.  In the United States, that is the job of the Federal Reserve.
@_date: 2016-07-07 11:12:23
That's a [*retail* bank]( (alternatively, the retail arm of a bank).  Retail banking is a subset of a much larger universe of financial services.  
In addition to storing your money, retail banks provide things like:
* Credit Cards;
* Mortgages;
* HELOCs;
* CDs;
* Retirement savings administration
Bitcoin - which is a currency (alternatively, a commodity) - cannot replace these functions.  
@_date: 2016-07-07 23:21:29
Let's change the pace here a bit.  What is your obsession with money creation?  I see this sort of thing in gold bugs, and it has pervaded We know how to deal with inflation.  We know the effects of inflation.  Many (most?) trained economists would tell you that inflation in an economy is desirable.
Yet here we are, going on again and again about "robbing savers" and "money creation."  What's up with that?
@_date: 2016-07-06 20:09:21
Using my throwaway name here, but any "expert" who says that "banks could disappear" simply doesn't understand finance.
Finance is one of those things that are like cockroaches and warfare - it will survive long after you're dead.  
That being said, is chock-full of people who get technology, but don't understand shit about finance.
If you think you understand shit about finance, take a shot here.  Be prepared for an informed response.  
@_date: 2016-07-06 20:41:20
What do you think it is that banks - and more broadly, financial institutions - do, exactly?  
@_date: 2016-07-07 18:30:43


**No.**  *Only the investor who has chosen to invest his money in a debt security does worse when inflation rises.*  Lots of other savers - for example, those who invest in equities - do *much better* in an inflationary environment.  The opposite is true in a deflationary environment.


I'm not going to address gold because I don't believe in gold as anything other than a speculative trade.  However, your reference to bonds are incorrect:  If you hold the bond to maturity, its value will not change - nor will the coupon payments owed to you.


Once again:  Savers are one thing.  *Where a saver chooses to place their savings is another.*  A saver can stuff cash in a mattress; he can buy real estate; he can buy gold, bonds, stocks, other currencies, etc.  If that investor *unwisely* chooses an instrument that is not compatible with the current regime (regulatory, market or otherwise) that investor is just wrong.  He is not being "stolen from."
@_date: 2016-07-07 18:26:20


It could be bitcoin, Yuan, Yen, Krona, Pounds, Euros, Bhat, whatever - people still use credit cards.  There's more to a credit card than "electronic money."  Anyways, I don't think you guys should have too many pie-in-the-sky dreams right now given the holdups (and lack of agreement on how to fix them) in transaction processing.


You aren't getting this:  A HELOC in bitcoin, Dollars, Yen, Yuan, etc. doesn't matter.  The HELOC is the structure.  Bitcoin isn't a structure.  It's a currency or a commodity.  If somebody takes out a HELOC, they can choose to pay in whatever currency makes sense for them at the time for the services and goods they buy on credit.  


No.  There's more to retirement funds than "a guy managing it."  Look into ERISA.


Let's not get ahead of ourselves here.


This displays an ignorance of what a bank does.  I don't know how to keep saying this, but I'll try again:  Bitcoin is a currency or (alternatively) a commodity.  Stocks, bonds and all the other instruments you mentioned are simply *denominated* in a currency.  That currency can be Dollars, Yen, Euros, Pounds, etc.  Changing the currency does nothing to change the underlying features of the security.  
There's an entire apparatus *outside* of commercial banks (which do not deal with stocks/bonds/etc.)  They're called investment banks.  This is where all of the real action is happening.  They don't care if they're dealing in bitcoin, Yuan, Euros, Pounds, etc. because those are simply ways of expressing other concepts.  It's no different than using the metric or the Imperial system to express distance, mass, volume, etc.  You can change the system of measurement, but you have made no changes at all to what is being measured.  Saying that an object weighs X pounds or Y kilograms does not at all change the physical properties of the object, or anything else associated with the object.
@_date: 2016-07-07 18:18:19
The Federal Reserve - which is the regulator of all commercial banks in the U.S. - sets everything a bank can do.  You seem to be implying that a commercial bank could simply go rogue and print all the money it wants, without concern for running afoul of anything?
@_date: 2016-07-07 11:02:47




That was done.  Bitcoin, in the Venn Diagram of finance, is a financial instrument.  
@_date: 2016-07-06 21:44:27
It practically goes without saying that business evolves, and the ones that don't will disappear.