@_author: -redditposter
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:14:15
My problem is at least easily quantifiable.
Where do you live? I don't recall subscribing to but I'm still getting some good threads once in a while. Parroting from that subreddit; If you're from the US, you should get your debts refinanced at a credit union ASAP.
There was even a really nifty guide to loan refinancing I meant to bookmark but forgot: The tl;dr; you should pre-load/pay off credit cards before a month ends. The constant "you owe the CC company X bucks every month, which gets automatically paid/taken from your bank account two days into the coming month" is supposedly ruining your credit scores, because you show up as a tardy payer/in debt every single month. Switching from "always in debt" to pre-paid reportedly brings credit score improvements within 2-3 months.
With no outstanding debts that get credit score rated, you should be able to get refinancing for way better rates - even at the bank you might have obligations with.
As an Eurolord I obviously don't know all the details, but some folks in that thread shared stories, eg: Someone had a ~6% p.a. loan from his house bank for a car purchase refinanced with the same bank after a year of payments, simply because he paid all rates in time and had nothing messing with his credit score either (he used a virtual CC and a pre-load CC). IIRC he got the remainder of the debt for only 2.8%.
If you can (barely, but still) pay all obligations/rates as of now, you have nothing to lose asking around for debt refinancing.
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:06:48
I feel you.
I don't have a 6 member household, but my wife and I could legitimately lose our son to CPS due a complicated intrigue. I'm an enterpreteur and broke due to two partners not paying me the dues, which is getting played out in courts now, but can still drag on for easily a year. The fact we're late with rent by 3 months is not exactly helping.
I had a couple BTC from way, way back, and today I found out that my mother whom I had given my old computer threw out the HDD (which was inside the tower but not hooked up) with my wallet.
We should blow some dudes for money and meet for drinks :(
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:51:17
Good to hear that your ongoing need-to-live finances seem to be in order as able.
I don't know how mortgages work exactly (foreign concept to me), but where I live there's laws against price gouging on top of homeowner/renter protection. If you end up paying like 2 dollars for every dollar in value, you should see if your local city council/courthouse offers free consultation, considering your existance is threatened.
If there are legal caps in place, a Swiss bank would still have to adhere to the laws in your state, and from my experience, the courthouse/city council should be able to direct you to a place providing you with law students/lawyers working pro bono a couple hours a week to provide low-income households with stern letters you can send to your lender.