@_author: reddub
@_date: 2017-04-09 14:26:25
Banks cannot attack Satoshi, they cannot attack the block chain, they cannot attack the community, so they have begun to go for the weakest link in the chain, and their only trump card, On/Off ramps. This could be the singular largest fundamental challenge crypto has faced in its 8 year history to date, and ultimately begs the question of the community: are you ready to go 'crypto without fiat?'. This is the only way you can remove the stranglehold and render actors like Wells Fargo impotent. I think crypto can win and carve out a real slice of the economy instead of its current niche, but coalescence around the protagonists, Bitfinex and Tether, effectively thrust into the position of standing up for any supporter of crypto, is essential here. Regardless of historical beefs, of feelings toward one or the other, this is bigger than that. Some of you guys, if you really support crypto, you need to grasp this and get on board. I too need to consider my use of fiat currency here, because this is the elephant in the room.
@_date: 2017-04-09 13:35:44
In among all of this, mostly inaccurate interpretation, this is a key comment. As wonderful as Crypto is, it's Achilles heel is still the need to transfer to and from fiat, for many who are involved. This is an interesting moment, because it is the start of a process which ends with a vast amount of people agreeing with one another to simply avoid fiat and trade solely with Crypto (needs more vendor acceptance), and thereby make banks such as Wells Fargo impotent, or, we decide we cannot live without fiat, which empowers the likes of Wells Fargo and hereby undermines Crypto take up because the weak links remain in place to be attacked by legacy system participants/insiders/supporters. Its actually a pivotal crux in the evolution (hopefully) of crypto, and if you can see the bigger picture here, was always kind of inevitable, in one form or another. It's the final step over to 'crypto without fiat' and the resolve of the community to do so that is really being tested here. This was a battle which was always going to be fought at some stage, and it is Bitfinex (and Tether) who have ended up leading on it; I think/hope others will join unless the legacy system manages to divide and conquer. I believe this is a very reasonable observation and am curious what others think of this (without getting caught up in nitty gritty accusatory stuff which doesn't really help anyone except the legacy system that opposes crypto).