@_author: reddactor
@_date: 2014-02-12 13:20:48
I'll be sure to pass your tips on. In fact, I will make a point of doing so in the subreddit, seeing as they tip in so often ;)
Now thats the technology is out-of-the-bag, whoever makes its easy and user-friendly enough to get their grandparents using it will win. 
There will always be a place for bitcoin, but it seems more and more a place for storage and speculation than something to spend. In that sense, I'm very happy to see some new cryptocurrencies include deflation by not having a coin limit. It seems an nicer solution than to raise fees.
Someone has to pay miners to verify the block chain, and in my mind, it seems better for the currency as a whole to pay for this (i.e. including long-term holders and speculators) through deflation rather than to raise fees for the people actually using the currency, which discourages its general use.
@_date: 2014-02-12 12:38:35
No, what I mean is that the community is as important as when the coin was invented. If a certain community pushes cryptocurrency technology onto the general public first, it will be the one with the biggest market capitalisation.
If bitcoin dies due to regulatory or network issues, then yes, it will drag all the alt coins down with it. But if it dies due to hoarding and unfriendliness to new potential users, that will have a much smaller chance of destroying the altcoins.
To take one example, Dogecoin has a very helpful and friendly user base, and has jumped to a market capitalisation of nearly $90 million in about 2 months. It is also female friendly and markets itself well.
Bitcoin might have established an entire new economy, and has a huge advantage because it developed earlier, but so did Nokia and Motorola in the mobile phone arena, until Apple introduced the user-friendly iPhone. The technology was not a huge improvement in itself, but allowing the average person to access the technology in a simple and intuitive way made it clear. Tipping dogecoins on reddit, and soon youtube and Facebook will be huge step in bringing crypto currency to the general public, as they will see it used over and over until it seems as normal as the internet has become.
@_date: 2014-02-11 20:45:09
First-mover effects are powerful, but not always decisive. The community behind the altcoins will have a powerful effect on their usage uptake, and the resulting usage rates will determine the market capitalization.
@_date: 2014-02-11 20:42:55
Cryptocurrency valuation is linked to the network effect. If more people actually spend dogecoins than bitcoin, its market cap will grow to reflect that.
@_date: 2013-12-13 19:44:32
With a bit of work, you could fit it to a Sine curve, in which case prices will hit about 1 cent in roughly 2018, before rising back to $10,000 in the year 2022.