@_author: redditstreaming
@_date: 2014-04-22 03:56:31
The fact that you think people fawn over paypal is hilarious. It is one of the most hated money related website period. The only reason I use it is to purchase things on websites who only use them as a vendor and ni other reason what so ever. As long as a website has any other payment procedure in place I'd never use paypal. You must be an idiot thinking we transfer money between countries through it.
For transfers and payments I use a bank. My bank charges free transfer to any of its branches anywhere in the world. To another bank they charge less than 3 pounds. I've sold bitcoins in the past and I've transferred money equivelant and the bitcoins costed me more.
Also if i want more money in my account I can deposit it for free. My banks ATM is also free. So you can basicaly take out 500 then deposit it and you'll still have 500. No fees charged what so ever. Thats how easy it is.If I want to buy bitcoins then don't even get me started.
Listen, you guys missed the boom. I bought bitcoins at $20 and sold at $1200. I also keep 20 in the account as a reserve in case the unexpected happens in the future but I'm an accountant and an economist first and I accurately cashed out close to my predicted bitcoin potential. Even though I was off by 100+ it was well worth the time I spent doing fuck all and just having a job while the coins rotted up in my wallet.
You guys investing so high are not only extremely unlikely to see the price spike back up to yield a big enough profit but you are increasing the risk day by day as the reputation of bitcoin faulters. Even if you yield a profit the time you've spent on it was not even worth the equivelant of you just getting a min wage job and earning through that. My advice is to invest in a up and coming company with potential. Even then you are facing less risk and time wasted.
But hey no ones stopping you. Just don't pat yourself on the back thinking people who deal with banks are poor. They might know a fuck ton more than you and even have more btc now than you while caring fuck all about them.
@_date: 2014-05-09 10:18:13
Thats the utorrent logo. It is similar enough that people will still assosiate it with utorrent.
 Utorrent is much bigger than bitcoin and last year it was doing 5+ billions served ads a month. Even in 2009 they had more users than bitcoin does now.
