@_author: reddit_hitler
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:16:00
Here's the easiest way to settle this: why should I buy Bitcoin right now when compared to any other cryptocurrency? and then why does that reason justify its' current valuation and if you think it's over/undervalued in your mind, what should it's valuation be?
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:06:51
Bitcoin is a fraud. It does not have any intrinsic value and never will. The only way it would ever be worth anything is if it was accepted as a fiat currency and backed by a major government, but that will never happen because they cannot produce more of it, and even if their was a means for a government to control the production of more crypocurrency, no one knows if it would be bitcoin, litecoin, if they'd produce their own cryptocurrency or whatever. 
I truly want to ascertain a value (even if it's significantly smaller than BTC's current price) on Bitcoin. However, no one has given a single coherent argument aside from the typical "Blockchain" spiel which only gives credence to the underlying technology not cryptocurrency itself. So yesterday on CNBC this guy who was obviously invested in Bitcoin and an advocated was asked directly why Bitcoin deserves any value when it can easily be replicated and provides no advantage to other cryptocurrencies. His response was "first mover advantage." That's all he had. He had no reason, he was simply trying to pump Bitcoin.
Now to my point, Jamie Dimon and people in finance, who know how our financial institutions works, aren't shorting Bitcoin because people are stupid. Bitcoin will eventually go to zero, it's not a question of if, it's only a question of when. So why would they risk holding up a certain amount of money shorting Bitcoin when it could go up in the short term and it may take 5 years for it to fall to $0? That's a stupid risk and any disciplined person wouldn't risk money on such a proposition. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:33:38
I don't use Reddit that often, so I don't know how to do that highlight things so I'll just answer them in a list.
1. Bitcoin is a fraud and I'll prove it.
2. You don't know what intrinsic value is. Bank of America is worth right now about $300B. It's intrinsic value is significantly less than that. So if BAC were to implode, you could still sell all of it's assets (cash, properties, equipment, etc...) and get some money back. Obviously, with BTC you can't. 
3. If no companies accept BTC directly, because of it's volatility &amp; illegitimacy, why would it have any value. Yeah, companies are offering for you to give them Bitcoin, they'll sell it on an exchange and say you have "this" much money right now; however, that's different than accepting Bitcoin for payment. 
4. The bulls have had an unfair advantage for way too long. First, I still don't think people can short directly on the exchanges, which is where the "value" stems from. Yeah, people can sell futures but that's a notional transaction. They're not actually selling the Bitcoins at that price, they're just saying that they'll pay the difference if Bitcoin happens to rise above the point they sold it at on the future date. So AFAIK you can't go on coinbase, ask to borrow 100BTCs, sell them, and buy them back at a later date. Additionally, it's impossible to dilute BTCs, since their is a fixed amount and a lot of BTCs are already lost so supply v demand would obviously make the price go up. But that doesn't mean that their's any legitimate way to value the "currency."
4. Don't understand your point
5. When a guy says BTC is just going to keep on going up without any reasoning, I think most people would argue that he's trying to pump Bitcoin. 
6. Jamie Dimon is arguably one of the 5 most knowledgeable and influential people in finance. Additionally, I just used him as an example, but their's a reason  not a lot of future contracts have been transacted since it opened Sunday evening. A majority of people (in fiance) would agree that it is a fraud. 
6. Me, personally, any time from a week to a few months for a trade. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:04:05
Facebook did not have first mover advantage. That was 100% myspace. The reason myspace failed while FB thrived is because Facebook was a better social network and FB had a better vision/management. Likewise, their are other cryptocurrencies that have better block generation rate, greater secrecy and so forth. Therefore, if Bitcoin is inferior (like Myspace was) why would Bitcoin be more valuable than other cryptocurrencies?
Next, Gold has a lot of intrinsic value. It is a great conductor. It is extensively used in electronics, computers, dentistry, and obviously for jewelry. Even if you take away any of the premium it gets for its' rarity (so for jewelry), it still has a lot of value. The same can't be said for Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:19:24
Look, I'm not here to argue for or against crypto, but I agree with him that it *should* almost certainly fall a decent amount more. Technically, it has negative momentum and the resistance at various price levels have been short lived. The safest option would be to sell and wait until it hits a floor and then once it has regained forward momentum to buy back in. It's stupid to try and catch the bottom, but it's also stupid to hold til god knows how low. Therefore, I think he was right that it'll should almost certainly go a decent amount lower. 