@_author: redflagdealsguy
@_date: 2019-08-11 13:12:47
That's an empirical question, so quite possibly yes.
In principle though, it's possible to have a capitalist economy with streamlined social supports that cover most basic needs, in the absence of personal capacity or means. Most countries go a step beyond that, including the United States.
I'm not a left-leaning economist, just clarifying that they exist within the realm of reasonable discourse.
@_date: 2019-08-11 11:08:33
Good, I'm glad we're getting the 'not true socialism' comments in. Just like every example ever implemented ever, it's not true socialism because we hand wave with lattes in the other hand, and feel better for doing so.
You can have a nordic social support system built on a capitalist economy, and live a passable life of mediocrity without the wretched poverty seen in a proper socialist country like Venezuela. I don't advocate that, but it's within the realm of reasonable discourse.
Socialism does away with market price signals, destroying information used for the efficient allocation of resources. There is not one lasting successful experiment in socialism that's successful on a country-wide implementation. Worse yet, the amount of repression required to squash market transactions and private property is so onerous that it inevitably leads to widespread violence on both sides.
@_date: 2019-08-11 13:04:43
First of all, the form of state capitalism you're proposing suffers from some of the same rigidities that a corporately-owned anarcho-capitalist state suffers from. There's one entity that consumes all the benefit, and outcompetes any private capital attempting to offer any of the same services more competitively. Public stakeholders are also encouraged to penalize or criminalize such competition (see national post offices in many countries). The state companies eventually amalgamate into regionally or national players, leading to socialist-like within-company price-signal issues, endemic inefficiency, and a low-incentive to innovate. In such a system, the scope for corruption is enormous.
If you speak to left-leaning economists, most of them target capitalist economies augmented by strong social safety nets. There are vanishingly few which advocate for rampant state capitalism, or socialism, because it becomes an untenable affair.
These problems are well-known and well studied among economists. It's conceivable that even a General AI may require the emergent properties of a market-based system of resource allocation to reduce the computational-workload associated with top-down socialist pricing.
@_date: 2019-10-15 05:59:07
Motor boats have been in existence since the early 20th century. His account checks out.