@_author: redflagsforever
@_date: 2014-11-04 14:47:27
This right here is an important point.  I don't think it was apparent to anyone at the start how this was going to turn out, but at this point it should be all the major sites asking some really basic questions about what is going on.  We have a choice on how we act as a community and if we don't push for accountability then we all suffer the results.
@_date: 2014-11-04 14:53:09
Thank you.  I didn't think I would ever be posting about this, but again it is up to us as a community to decide how we treat situations like this.  We can either shrug and say "not my problem, not my money" or we can demand transparency and accountability from companies in the space who hold large amounts of customer money and target those with less knowledge of crypto works.  However we act helps shape whatever crypto and the larger community turns into.
@_date: 2014-11-04 15:02:12
Fair question.
GAW is a mining (contract) company that used to sell physical mining hardware and now sells cloud contracts.  
Even if you have not heard of them you should care, and this is why:  GAW is one of the first companies in the spaceto make it easy to get into crypo.  They have a nice UI, it's pretty straightforward, and it's a way to (in theory) not just own cryptocurrency but to be mining it without the overhead of running hardware at home.  This makes is a place for a lot of people who want to get into the space but don't have deep technical knowledge to start.
They also have appear to have done a ton of business.  So now we have a company who taken in millions, if not tens of millions, of dollars for contracts on hardware that is becoming more and more suspect.  And a lot of these customers are not hardcore crypto enthusiasts, but second wave adopters.
You should care because 1) we should demand transparency and accountability from any company in the space that holds large amounts of customer money in the form of contracts or otherwise and 2) if there is something going on here the people affected by it are key people in help bring crypto forward in terms of overall adoption and acceptance.  
Even if it's not your money the behavior of big players in this space affects all of us.
@_date: 2014-11-05 04:28:55
@_date: 2014-11-04 00:41:28
Those forums are a bizarre alternative reality where if you just believe hard enough then Josh will save you with some new, yet to be released, mega profit feature that is "just around the corner".  It is just crazy to watch this happen.
@_date: 2014-11-04 05:29:53
A single, through large, order placed recently does not actually refute any of the claims that people are making against GAW right now.
This just means that at some point in the future they will have that much hardware.  
This tells us nothing about what hardware they have now, how the business is run, where the money is, or a whole bunch of other reasonable and fair concerns people have brought up.
@_date: 2014-11-04 23:13:36
Wasn't aware of this, but underscores the point. "For life" just means the life of the company or until they decide to stop the service. Without a reputation, history or transparency buying into contracts like these are just a gamble.
@_date: 2014-11-07 18:01:12
There's a pretty long discussion over here about it: 
When it comes to big companies holding lots of money in the space and promising returns the time really has come for some more transparency/accountability.  Hard to trust a company where there's so much time spent shadowbanning people on forums and so little spent on proving that there's a legitimate business backing up the product.
@_date: 2014-11-04 05:34:23
I just went on a long rant about the same thing over [here](  Couldn't take it any longer that this whole GAW thing seemingly just keeps getting farther and farther out of hand and no one is really talking about it.
The worst part is that a large portion of their customer base seems to be those attracted to this as an easy on ramp to crypto.  If they turn into the next Gox it's going to burn a lot of people that were just getting into this and were in a key space for the larger adoption of the technology. Even if you do not have money in with them a big collapse or scam hurts everyone in the community.
If they're a legitimate business we need to see proof, and in the seemingly ever more reasonable scenario where they are not then people need to be warned.
@_date: 2014-11-04 14:50:07
As soon as Zenpool came out I remember having a number of conversations with people that all went the same way. If we don't know what Zenpool is, how it works, or how it produces seemingly impossibly good returns, what keeps them from just saying "oh well, guess it went down" after everyone bought into it and could switch to a different pool.
The answer appears to be that nothing stops them from doing that.
@_date: 2014-11-04 05:22:21
There are in fact a multitude of things that they could do in order to show transparency.  Instead we're left to just have faith that they're running a mining operation so big the authy requests outpace coinbase or cex.io and the sales crash shopify.  If they really have that much hash running somewhere there's a lot they could do to show us what's going on.
Also yes, mining addresses are an easy part of that.
(edit, forgot a letter)
@_date: 2014-11-05 21:40:14
Also a fairly lengthy discussion of what's going on at GAW over here:
@_date: 2014-11-04 05:30:32
20 days out from an ICO and no public whitepaper, but bankers. Lots of mystery bankers. That's about as far from "for the crypto community" and reasonable as it gets.
@_date: 2014-11-06 19:59:09
I certainly look forward to you, or anyone else putting forward more detailed information or an audit of any of these cloud hashing services.  
And to be clear I am not trying to single out any specific news site or writer for criticism, simply pointing out that there's a real challenge in objective reporting on some companies given their advertising presence and a lack of questioning or critical discussion on GAW in particular.
@_date: 2014-11-04 04:42:10
It's the future we all imagined - a decentralized currency where we all pay one company to mine for us, a currency they created, backed by a bank that they own! It's the promise of Bitcoin in a way we could have never imagined!
@_date: 2014-11-06 18:54:29
Everyone was clamoring for transparency and verification in the space after Gox, etc.  If Gaw is running the scale of operation they claim, the hardware and engineering would be immense.  There are also a host of easy ways for them to help prove that hashlets represent actual mining power and are not just completely arbitrary "financial products" of some kind.  This kind of discussion, interview and investigation is something I would love for one of the news organizations to step up and attempt.  
There are lots of sites who have interviews where these companies/figures talk about how great their products are, but we really have yet to see a lot of investigative and thoughtful journalism that moves the conversation forward in a meaningful way.  This is a young space, but there's a ton of opportunity here for someone to really step up and ask hard questions.  That's a site I would trust and follow.
It's really hard to treat an article as objective or anything but an ad when literally every ad on the site, including the full page takeover is for the company whose CEO is being interviewed about his new product.
@_date: 2014-11-04 00:51:37
This ICO is especially interesting given all the SEC's recent activity.  I have trouble believing they won't be taking a look at this.
@_date: 2014-11-04 20:53:20
Thank you, much appreciated.
Cryptocurrency is a complicated space but it's worth it to try and do what we can to make it a positive force.  Rooting out bad actors and bringing forward good ones helps everyone.