@_author: redfish64
@_date: 2017-11-24 01:42:59
Not to self-plug, but you may want to checkout 
It's completely free and open source. It allows you to print out two pages, that if you combine and hold under some light, will reveal a secret message. Easy enough for your grandma to use, yet impossible to decode with only one page (uses one time pad encryption).
It runs directly in your web browser. 
If enough people like the idea, I was thinking of expanding it to allow for 3 or more pages that need to be combined to view the message. But so far, it has languished in obscurity. 
@_date: 2017-11-24 16:04:18
Women don't have as much presence in tech fields as do men. Whether if this is due to cultural influence or not, it does not effect the outcome. Also, as people age, their cognitive ability declines as well as their senses (eyesight, hearing, etc) which relates to their ability to use a computer. If you take the cross section of these two populations, then you will find the people are generally not very technically apt, although there are exceptions, of course.
I don't care if you believe I am sexist or ageist, or any kind of "*-ist". I am interested in thinking and speaking in truthful terms. If that offends you, may I suggest that it is your deficiency and not mine. If you or someone you know is a grandma and is technically apt, then she is an exception. I am not talking about her.
During the Salem witch trials people were also not allowed to voice thoughts that weren't approved of, lest being called a witch. I see you on the wrong side of the issue, just as those accusers were.
@_date: 2017-11-24 15:49:57
That's pretty cool. I wasn't aware of the paper. Maybe I'll update mine for k out of n cases. I guess I could do qr codes, too, but I don't have access to a printer with very thin paper or transparent film, so I couldn't test it.
I don't understand this comment from your code: 


If you are XOR'ing every bit, and it appears you are, it doesn't matter what the original message is, or what error correcting it has. All of that is XOR'ed and therefore invisible to attacker, isn't it?
@_date: 2017-11-24 11:33:39
Thanks for catching that. It's fixed. Also "O" and "0" were the same, and now fixed.