@_author: redgreenblah
@_date: 2018-10-21 02:36:52
Wait, someone in your life who cared about you enough to buy you a bitcoin is living in a box... and not only are you doing nothing about it, you're on the internet making jokes about it?
You're far worse off than this woman. 
@_date: 2019-04-10 06:28:31
\*in yoda's voice\*
"Love leads to marriage.
Marriage leads to divorce.
Divorce leads to SUFFERING"
I hope that made someone smile a little! Hey maybe divorce isn't the best but you gain a lifetime of opportunity to make jokes about being divorced soooooo :)  Besides nothing worth having didn't require some failure along the way. :)
@_date: 2018-11-13 19:01:12
People DO care. And it is a miracle how much people care even if it it is minimal to how much many people don't. 
Most people care about those who have representation of some kind, and even that is often a reflection of the self in some way. Groups that have full time activists in droves are often the most cared about. The homeless are a group not typical to try to represent themselves. Despite that, there are many MANY organizations that do what they can to help the homeless. Normally by people who were never homeless themselves.
This is not normal. Like I said, it's miraculous how much people DO care.
BUT most people don't care. Most people step over others and only pretend to care about what will win them social brownie points or lets them feel like a hero in the moment. The homelessness in the US became permanent bc of Reagan. Sure we had times of homelessness in the US past, normally bc of a recession or war. It did not become a state of life until Reagan. 
This is due to toxic mentality towards the poor (blaming them for their situation, welfare queen, etc), cuts in safety nets that were put in post the great depression, AND because people stopped feeling responsible for those in their lives. Like this person and their mother. It USED to be a point of personal shame that someone in your family was homeless and your family did not help them. It USED to be a point of personal shame that a friend of yours was homeless and you did nothing to help them.  It USED to be a point of shame that so many people in a country were homeless and nothing was being done for them.
Now you have people constantly trying to victimize certain groups so they can obscure how much they are oppressing other groups and the victimized group finally feels heard so they say nothing (plus they never actually address that group needs) OR you have people catering to someone's emotions that they were once on top and now they are not even though they likely are more so minus the problems the group that they feel supported by actually created or people flat out saying half the country isn't worth a thought or saving.  Most people are so reliant on feelings that they don't stop to think. At all. So they eat out of the hand of both parties, which all they do is neg, neg, neg. 
But as I said, despite all this there are people who do care. That is not short of a miracle. I am sorry you had experiences of people not caring when you were homeless. I hope you got out of that life. 
&amp;