@_author: redgrobo
@_date: 2019-01-16 04:31:02


Name the last war started by the American Left and the date it started.
@_date: 2019-01-16 11:38:51


You literally talk about conservatives being isolationists and the 'globalists expanding power' so if the conservatives are the isolationists then you were referring to the rest of the political spectrum as the globalists.
So since we dont have another current globalist world power youre clearly referencing the US left wing by omission along side those conservative isolationists. (Unless theirs a 3rd party im not aware of?)
Except you know those isolationist conservatives starting nearly all the modern globalist wars with the lone exception being Kosovo, and even that is sandwiched between Vietnam and an Iraq....
Good job with that imprecise language, at least it gave you a good excuse not to self examine. Because your idea that modern conservatism is somehow against globalism is hilarious, especially spoken with gusto in a sub thats supposedly concerned with decentralization of currency...  
Clearly youre an IDW fan, considering your immediate use of disingenuous semantics.
@_date: 2019-01-16 11:56:39
@_date: 2019-01-16 19:41:11


Imprecise as you well know and as we can read below in your quoted OP. Clearly you didnt say neo conservative youre just arguing from the perspective of their being some magical group of different real conservatives that you were somehow referencing the whole time....


What an absolute hack job of a stance, who are these magical real conservatives? And why do they keep letting the evil fake ones be their public face?
When was the last REAL conservative that didnt start or perpetuate one of your globalist wars?
PS: This is the kind of low brow disingenuous shit that we get associating with the IDW because they sure as hell dont represent these supposed real conservatives anyhow with their funding stemming from the same traditional conservative sources....
@_date: 2019-01-02 00:13:27










Youre absolutely right. Also people on this sub would do well to take note of what the alt right has done to other well meaning movements in NA as of late.   
Say French yellow vests vs NA yellow vests?