@_author: redlightsaber
@_date: 2016-08-26 16:52:08
And on all of that, I completely agree. Cheers!
@_date: 2016-08-04 08:08:33
And yet the link explains a system that doesn't fulfil 1 of the 2 properties I mentioned, nor the "widespread and/or ready to use" condition.
This is not a substitute for the naked blockchain, and this is what you first insinuated to claim. I'm sorry about that, but I'm also sorry that you feel the need to be untruthful and insulting in light of this being the case; but such is the nature of debates, so in the future just don't engage in one if you can't take being proven wrong when you're not 100% sure you're in the right.
@_date: 2016-08-04 14:32:16
Well yeah, I forgot for a second what sub I was in.
@_date: 2016-08-30 22:25:05
Oh no buddy, unlike I don't complain about downvotes and refer to them like that. This was literally removed comments. I know it's uncomfortable to hear about the state of this sub, but it is what it is.
@_date: 2016-08-20 06:57:59


Well, countries that do national document identities with accompanying certificates help greatly in this regard. It's just the kind of thing that would never fly in the US, for some reason.
@_date: 2016-08-26 16:10:23


I understand the mindset. And in this context it equates people who don't vote. Not keeping on top of the issues and failing to recognise that any human-run system is ultimately governed by politics is exactly what people who would seek to extract special benefits from the situation are counting on.
Don't believe me? Take the 2mb HF "issue". Plenty of "technical" arguments were put forth for why it shouldn't be done. When they were put down one by one, it finally emerged that it was purely a political matter. Right now the "arguments" are of a nonsensical "economic" nature. And for some reason a large part of the community is going along with it. 
Everything is politics. 
@_date: 2016-08-30 16:10:38
I see, you cannot answer my point with actual arguments. 
@_date: 2016-08-26 14:37:42
You should look up the term of the word. But regardless, it's good to see someone be honest about what it is they're supporting.
@_date: 2016-08-26 15:58:20
Do you not understand that recognising the status quo for what it is can be a completely separate issue from an hypothetical hardfork? This whole mess between the subs is shitty and hard enough to unravel as it is, for people to on top of it conflate very different issues.
And the fact of the matter is that someone **did** do it better! Bitcoin didn't use to be like this. Its most influential developers didn't use to be embroiled in an unresolvable, but more than that unrecognised, conflict of interests. Bitcoin used to be usable, and it used to be growing in adoption, usability, and value, at a steady rate. The main discussion channels didn't use to be very polarised in the very narrow narrative that would be allowed to be discussed.
You can both simultaneously recognise these facts, and not automatically turn into a deep-end [other sub] conspiracy theorist. The world isn't black and white. But just like in any other democracy, keeping key players honest requires community knowledge and involvement. You don't need to get defensive when these things are pointed out, nor do you need to agree 100% with the pushed narrative around these parts in order to be "on the right side" (whatever that means for you).
@_date: 2016-08-02 05:41:46
Oh, that's excellent news! Is it trustless and decentralised? When can I start using this in lieu of the naked blockchain? Why is it that no wallet dev has incorporated this into their wallet?
Otherwise, no, they don't exist, I'm sorry. If it's not trustless and decentralised, we might as well be using web wallets with their internal account settling as a substitute for the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-08-26 15:30:18
Then you have very poor analytic skills (aside from a vocabulary deficiency), because "a heavily regulated and monolithic bitcoin project" is a very accurate description for bitcoin as of the last year.
And it's fine, as I said, I'll applaud anyone who recognises the situation and decides that's what they want. But to be fooled by the most primitive (if effective) propaganda campaign, and claim the complete opposite, is idiotic and something I will personally just not let pass without confronting such people with the very painful truth of where bitcoin has ended up.
@_date: 2016-08-04 05:32:30
Why don't you answer my questions, then?
@_date: 2016-08-23 06:12:37


I don't think you've been using bitcoin for the last few months if you think this is a likely outcome.
@_date: 2016-08-30 13:55:13
It's good of you to show this, but you seem to imply there really isn't a cen$or$hip issue on this sub? Please do clarify!
Wonderful example, because my correctly spelled first response to you magically dissapeared. Go figure! (For anyone doubting this it's on my comment history).
@_date: 2016-08-01 17:30:27


[Actually it's Gregory Maxwell's self-fulfilled prophecy that makes me "know" this.]( With the current development team in charge, this is the future (and present as of a few months ago) of bitcoin.
Plus, [Luke Dashjr]( believes these sorts of [low value transactions]( have no place in the blockchain, and should be considered as "spam".
@_date: 2016-08-26 07:24:43
It's not about "should", but about "can". By that same token, who are you, or the Core devs for that matter, to decide how high or low the fees should be for anyone? Isn't the whole concept of bitcoin to be free from regulation? The cognitive dissonance is staggering amongst status-quoters.
@_date: 2016-04-13 05:17:45
Spare me your axiomatic claims, and actually do defend your thesis.
You could also add an explanation for why the president of blockstream going around, forcing "consensus" and promising things to the miners on behalf of Core just so they wouldn't effect this fork they had previously publicised they would, and that since has received ideological sort from these same miners who feel bound by this agreement, would **not** fulfill your criteria for "failure of the experiment"?
@_date: 2016-04-30 19:43:23
Look into my (or luke's for that matter) posting history. The reason I've adopted that confrontational tone with him is because he has absolutely refused to answer to that question, in all possible tones. 
The tone's not the problem, and I very much adopt a soft and kind tone whenever possible. Thanks for the  concern, though; while not in this instance, I do realise sometimes my frustration gets the best of me and it shows.
@_date: 2016-08-03 08:52:45
Sadly I agree. I don't mean to kick bitfinex when they're down, and clearly they realise now their mistake, but the rest of us (and the industry) should learn from this and keep in mind that "multisig" although the buzzword-du-jour does not automatically mean "super security", if all the needed keys are available via the same exploitable means.
Security is hard to do, and even harder to do automatedly, but we're talking about massive amounts of money here, and contrary to the banking system where transactions can be reversed because the "ownership" of the money is tied to the legal system, with bitcoin, once you lose control it's gone for good.
A double-edged sword for sure, which, while having tremendous benefits, also makes securing them that much more of a low-tolerance affair.
@_date: 2016-08-23 08:41:13
Is the misnformation really that prevalent in this sub? Try it out for yourself: depending on the hour of the day, confirmations can take between half an hour to several hours, and that's for people who paid the as-of-late extremely high recommended fees. People who don't often end up with their transactions stuck in limbo. As a result, a lot of merchants have stopped accepting zero-conf payments.
Information is tightly controlled around these parts, and I understand that for someone who just hodls all of this might come as a surprise. Please try and get informed about the situation.
@_date: 2016-04-12 06:03:55






I'm sorry, but no. I'm sorry that when confronted with the reality of things you believe in, you chose the paranoid route of believing it must be misinformation and conspiracies.
You not only come across as extremely ignorant, but stupidly so with that brazen attitude that you're so sure with zero evidence.
So please, either pony up evidence to back your claims, or keep your insanity reserved for your "think tank" of "wise elders" around the barbecue. 
@_date: 2016-04-05 15:13:18


That's the understatement of the year, as for the moment it seems impossible. The relevance of this being, of course, that without the routing problem solved, the LN will functionally be no different than a regular bank in its centralisation requirements, so I guess it's just extremely odd to me that people are championing this likely summer release as "the scalability solution that bitcoin needs". It's nothing of the sort.
@_date: 2016-04-03 14:15:46
That people with essentially unlimited and unchecked power will tend to abuse it for personal gain is something many people feel is going on with the main dev team.
@_date: 2016-08-01 05:41:12
Bitcoin isn't meant for point-of-sale, low-value transactions anymore. And it won't work for that. I fear this poor bookstore owner is about to suffer a lot of confusion and doubt on account of bitcoin not working, followed by anger and a "reverse conversion" by which, even if some day bitcoin is able to get over its scalability/governance problem, he just won't want anything to do with it.
I'm sorry to be this harsh, OP, but have you not been paying attention?
@_date: 2016-08-04 08:21:57
Yeah I had the same exact thought. I remain unconvinced that he's Satoshi, but holy hell is that a weird interview, and Craig isn't the only one acting weird.
Funny that people here aren't picking up on it, but then again I think most people tend to ascribe to crazyness anything they don't understand fully, in social contexts.
@_date: 2016-08-01 19:54:58
Where are these payment channels?
@_date: 2016-04-15 19:23:06


Ah well, that's a different thing entirely. Good to have cleared it up.
@_date: 2016-04-23 11:27:36
So, to recap:
You claim to have science by your side. &gt; I point out that appeals to authority are not science. &gt; You seem to at least concede that you're **not** on the side of science, try to insult me for not listening to "experts", and on top of that, demand "proof". &gt; I provide published academic research from a top university with no vested interest on the matter (even though, logically, the burden of proof rests on the person making the claim, but ok, I live to serve). &gt; Your response is "awaiting for their BIP", a complete moving of the goalposts, or at best a non-sequiteur.
That's fine, buddy. I genuinely never expect people to concede publicly that they might have been mistaken. I at least hope they have the humility to stop responding (check my posting history, that's essentially how 95% of my debates on bitcoin end), or an expression for further interest or curiosity on the newly revealed (to them) actual evidence. Anyways, sometimes, the search for truth and actual, scientific evidence is not enough for some people (even though they claim to follow just that). 
Life is funny like that. Have a good day, you.
@_date: 2016-04-04 11:58:56
Do you have any proof that the increased txs is "an attack"?
@_date: 2016-04-13 09:54:06
The irony is lost on them, I'm sure.
@_date: 2016-04-11 11:20:02
"Those are the consequences of not living as a hunter-gatherer, when the food distribution chain fails, you find it harder to procure your own food".
@_date: 2016-04-13 09:46:59
Ah, the old "I can't counter with logical arguments so I'll label you a troll".
No, really. In this particular discussion, I'm the one explaining my points and you're the one expressing unsubstantiated and axiomatic claims for which you then refuse to debate.
I'm the likely troll here, sure.
@_date: 2016-08-30 13:52:33
Hey rusty, quick question: did Red Hat get to define the one and only Linux API that all other Linux distros were required to run in order to remain "Linux compatible", or not?
Because that's the only way in which this analogy is even remotely comparable to bitcoin today.
@_date: 2016-04-04 06:02:40


I did no sucj thing, sorry for the misunderstanding. I was preemptively expressing my frustration at what my debating experiences have been like in this sub, specifically with this subject. Apologies for the unintended insult.
As for the rest, what do you know, I actually agree almost entirely with your view for the future of bitcoin. That said, of you allow my reading between your lines (and do correct me of I'm wrong), it seems you disagree with the classic proposal on account of their proposed hard fork. If this is the case, it seems to me you're misplacing your mistrust on account of the fact that, with sufficient miner support, bitcoin will **always** be able to fork and change the consensus rules, at any point in the future, post v1.0 or not.
I don't know if you're arguing that you intrinsically trust the current dev team to carry out a plan similar to yours, bit I'd point out that, for the moment, they seem completely disinterested in ever setting up an infinite or even self-adjusting block-size (which the other guys do have in their roadmap after all of these improvements and more are baked in).
Thanks for keeping it civil.
@_date: 2016-08-04 21:10:03
Most underrated comment on this thread.
@_date: 2016-04-12 21:03:26
So now we need central planning to "protect" bitcoin against actual consensus? If an economic majority cares enough about this issue so as to force the miners' hand in this manner, please explain how is this a bad thing? 
You're of course, free to put your money where your mouth is, and try and fight this back. That¡s what the core devs keep talking about when they warn about evil miners "forcing" a fork against the economic majorty, isn't it?
@_date: 2016-04-24 07:06:14
I guess it depends on how you see it, doesn't it? In light of all the decrying about the dangers of centralisation with even slight blocksize increases, it seems to me that the fact that over 90% of current nodes could support a **over 4X** the current blocksize increase, flies in the face of all that scaremongering, which BTW is the reason neither of the people who've been making those claims for last year have commented on what one would assume to be this very important piece of research given the current debate. What they *have* done, though, is quietly move the goalposts yet again.


I think you're mixing up your talking points here. The only aspect of centralisation where internet bandwidth is at all relevant is with miners. For validating nodes it's comoletely unimportant how long blocks take to arrive, unless you were actually talking about such ridiculous connections that a 4mb block would take the full 10 min to download. Which could be a fair, if ridiculous criticism (I honestly don't believe a single person with such poor connections is running a full node today), but even if you insist on it, you will be glad to know that since that research came, the newer versions of the clients include either thinblocks (on the "alternate clients), or blocksonly mode, which reduce bandwidth usage by more than half. So I guess we're up to more than 8mb safely now!


Since we're discussing science here, I fully expect you to source this claim, with as conclusive evidence as the certainty with which you're claiming it.
@_date: 2016-04-02 21:02:29
Right. Because thinking something was infallible regardless of any inner or outer circumstances (and refusing to adapt to those) has historically worked so well.
@_date: 2016-04-15 17:02:27




This was not satoshi's claim. Whatever else you mean you added in later as a Red Herring. As I said, I'd also be willing to debate on that, but you've been 100% clear on your stance on that.
@_date: 2016-04-23 11:16:21
Is that your answer? Holy fuck, the denial is strong with you. Go find the paper (for someone so science-literate as yourself I don't expect it would be that hard), read it, and understand what it is they're saying. They don't care what bitcoin does or does not do. They're describing some research where they show that, today, up to 4mb real block sizes are perfectly safe in the "decentralisation" department.
And here I was hoping some new evidence would actually shape your opinion, instead of the other way around. Silly me.
@_date: 2016-04-14 21:12:47
Yes, for most of last year we had room in blocks for growth. Do you see perhaps a correlation?
@_date: 2016-04-12 20:58:28
It's hilarious how "consensus" meetings without including anyone else from the community are a-ok by the same people who are now decrying some rumours about alleged bribery.
Either lobbying is allowed or its not. It simply cannot be had both ways.
@_date: 2016-04-06 10:22:37
But that is **precisely** where my argument rests. I, too, can perfectly tolerate less-than-perfect decentralisation (or privacy, or irreversibility, or attack resistance, or anything else really), if the blockchain remained a viable option and fall-back transacting mechanism if this were the case. I'd go so far as to say that I wouldn't mind at all that if the future of bitcoin were a few centralised LN hubs handling virtually all transactions, with perhaps only hundreds of on-chain "settlement" transactions per block, as long as, said LN adoption happened on its own merits due to advantages, and not due to an artificial limitation on on-chain capacity, so that if push came to shove, the slightly less convenient blockchain remained a viable fallback option.
2 things wrong with the current picture:
* the blockchain is being artificially restricted, with the **stated** intention (that's the wonderful thing about the internet, in that it never forgets even when you seek to change the narrative) of forcing a fee market (because reasons), from which one can infer the intention to force on-chain trandactions onto the LN. This is far less a "centralisation concern" (not only because the people proposing this have *never* done and published rigorous scientific research on the matter, but also because a very serious university with experts on the matter having recently published a paper demonstrating its safety with at least 4mb blocks is being utterly ignored), and far more resembling "central planning". I'm sure you would agree that central economic policies are antithetical to bitcoin. And this forced fee market and reduced capacity puts the blockchain out of reach for end users, which would have no recourse in the event of LN censorship. Their counterargument is of course that "the LN will eventually achieve full decentralisation capabilities" which I'm sure you know, for the moment seems impossible.
* in the world they'd seek to create, one where end users would be banned via economic planning from transacting on the blockchain, the incentives to run full nodes suddenly dissapear, even for those inclined to do so "altruistically", so decentralisation would go out the window all the same.
@_date: 2016-04-14 22:20:50
I'd say yes, but anyone who claims to perfectly understand markets (an irrational system) is bound to be proven wrong.
That said, though, a bitcoin with such a limited transacting capacity is not much more useful than what it's being used for today, so I'd have a hard time believing such a rally would be possible, even if purely speculative. Take into account the 2013 bubble occurred at a time when bitcoin's capacity wasn't on most people's radar, and the understanding was that it would no be a real technical problem until much much higher block sizes. Nobody thought capacity would be artificially restricted.
@_date: 2016-04-15 08:20:22
Ad hominems instead of actual refuting of points you consider to be wrong. Why am I not surprised?
@_date: 2016-04-13 11:01:04
Sure. RemindMe! 1 week.
(Is that how this works? )
@_date: 2016-04-05 19:50:34
So "some centralisation is ok", is that it? Pardon my dichotomic thinking, but itsn't this antithetical to bitcoin? Isn't this the very reason beimg cited for refusing to raise the blocksize?
And yes, your private keys are yours, but what good are bitcoins in a world where the LN is perfectly censorable, and the blockchain has been artificially restricted and thusly impossibly expensive for end users to tramsact on it?
@_date: 2016-04-11 14:56:05
It's not truly "p2p" (in a "fully decentralised" kind of way), and while they claim to want to make it so, for the moment it seems impossible.
@_date: 2016-04-30 19:46:47
Criticism well taken, and you're right. It wasn't pleasant. It's just that on this particular matter, and with "spam transactions" having taken a central role in Core's justification for the decisions they're making, it's just not acceptable for Lucas to have spent so many months avoiding the question altogether. 
I'm sure you'll agree from this PoV.
@_date: 2016-04-15 15:57:14


That much has been clear from the first moment. Good day.
@_date: 2016-04-15 16:26:03


They rose by quite a bit. To "tens of pennies" (to use your terms), even. And while for you, them still being denominated in "pennies" seems some kind of proof that things are a-ok, it's just not quite what the network is supposed to be. Look at how hard WallSt is pushing back on Sanders for his very simple proposal of taxing "less than pennies" on their transactions.


I'm extremely interested in any evidence whatsoever that you can put forth of this claim. Nobody that I have ever talked to has been able to.


Ah, another proponent of "passive progress", that the world and artificial systems will correct themselves. Let's pretend for a moment that the February events **were** an attack, and that, indeed, "attackers realise the fruitlessness of their efforts", and decide never to attack again. Hopefully bitcoin adoption will continue to increase. Are you proposing that, even under all of these circumstances (with which I'm sure you don't disagree), the network will continue to work *Just Fine* as tx demand exceeds capacity?  And that your claims will remain true? If you only answer one question, make it this one, please, I want to gauge to what extent you're in touch with reality.


You've repeated this twice now. But what course, what data, what numbers? I'm asking honestly. If I can see these "numbers" I might be able to change my mind on the matter, but you're alluding to something you then offer no explanation or source for.


This is good to know, although I imagine you subscribe to Maxwells' official school of "the dangers of the hard fork".


Hey, so do I!


This claim requires a source as well. Historically, with very few exceptions, people have always paid fees, even in a world where there was ample space in blocks! So history doesn't support youir claim, and furthermore, IMO, restricting the number of transactions miners can include in a block just absolutely ensures they will be getting fewer total fees. Why would you take the power of miners to decide away from them? Surely you haven't forgotten they, as providers of a service, have the power to set their fees according to the market; not too low (or indeed free) so as to be unprofitable, nor too high so that other miners will decide to include those txns in **their** blocks. So, if miners already have (and have always had) the power to reject low feed txns, why are you arguing for central economic planning? But then again you don't even seem sure of what you support, as you claim to support bigger blocks, and then claim to support an artificial fee market ("for the good of the network"); so which one is it? 


No, it's not "think what I like" when you're making false claims, and then refuse to back them up. And conversely, if you're to accuse me of "misinformation", you have show my claims to be false.
@_date: 2016-04-13 09:44:17
Thanks for the confirmation that there might have been a meeting to which he did not attend nor has any idea what it may been about.
I hope at least you now understand why this isn't a scandal as you seemingly would want it to be.
@_date: 2016-04-01 08:35:43
Hahaha. Oh my. Backtracking like a pro, **plus** continuing to avoid the other questions? You know your arguments have run dry when on 2 different comment threads your single argument has become "that thing I just said? Forget about it".
Have a nice day, and stop wasting everyone's time.
@_date: 2016-04-12 20:53:02
No. Your claims, and I repeat, were that information was being censored, and statistics manipulated. 
I'm not interested in a gun ownership debate, for many reasons (not the least of which is your utter inability to be intellectually honest); I asked one question, and a simple one at that:
can you back up your claims?
This is the third time I've asked, so just let me inform you that unless you answer to that question in a very direct, and non-bullshit manner, I will simply not bother to respond any further. I actually do value my time.
@_date: 2016-04-14 21:11:20


It's not really. It's valued at exactly the right amount, given the real-world usefulness it currently has. 
@_date: 2016-04-23 09:54:03
I don't understand your analogy. I was the one citing published academic research. You're the one continuing to repeat something based on no data other than "some important guy said so" (the guyin question having said so also without data to show for it).
How could you possibly convince yourself that you're on the side of "science" here? Plus, my appeal was only to question your own premises. I'm open to a debate (one based on facts and reseaech, though). It seems you've answered that you're not even willing to question what you've been told.
@_date: 2016-04-17 10:59:09
Sorry for the delay. For the whole of yesterday I only had access to my mobile, which wasn't adequate for this.


Yes, yes they did, and I'm sorry to be the bearer of these news. And I'm not merely talking about those histrionic people who put a couple of dollars in fees to "ensure" they got into the next block. I'm talking of regular people who couldn't get their transactions through with lower fees in a timely manner (curiously the responses they received on this sub were to either up the fees or "just wait a few blocks, what's the hurry? visa payments are not final for a month", and such).
Says who?
Says the whitepaper. "Affordable". I'm not arguing for zero fees mind you, just fees that are competitive compared to the alternatives. And that would be plenty sufficient to subsidise the security of the network in a world where many more on-chain transactions would be taking place.


[I'm sorry but even at the highest filters, I'm not seeing this at all]( I'm seeing a raise around the last week of february that's not outside even one standard deviation from the usual txn volatility, and then a sudden drop (accompanied with its corresponding coupled price drop as well, which pretty much disproved this being artificially created transactions, at least to a significant extent) to below the previous levels, perfectly corresponding with a loss of interest for a malfunctioning network. You're free to interpret that otherwise, but you'll have to actually **source** your claims (the way I just did), and the fact of the matter is that the "numbers" as you call them, simply do not support your thesis. We're currently also at over 95% capacity, and even just the organic growth will tip us over the edge in the next 2 months, and what will you claim then?
I'm not even understanding this "it was an attack!" argument. Even if it truly were so, then what? Then you'd just be acknowledging how vulnerable the network is (because I agree it is vulnerable to an attack). And instead of doing the logical thing and raising the blocksize to make any future possible attacks be at least 22x more expensive than they are today, you're defending that keeping the blocks this small is somehow going to solve the problem? How? By raising the fees and "pricing out an attacker"? Brilliant strategy, throwing the baby out with the bathwater! PRicing out potential and unproven attackers while also pricing out regular people, and turning the whole network utterly unreliable.


Sure, and a bitcoin with a flexcap would be such a system. The current bitcoin is **very** vulnerable, by your own admission. The core devs admit this, by claiming that the blocksize cap needs to be closely managed and intervened on when necessary. They are proposing to manually reset the difficulty come the halving. "Equilibrium" my ass, pardon my french.


On this I agree, though. I agree that blockchain **technology** will survive. Bitcoin has nothing ensured, though.


This is completely untrue; not only by reading satoshi's posts (and even the whitepaper IIRC, where there was no mention of txn backlog management), but by the mere evidence of the instability that the february even brought forth. Repeat after me: No it's not the wallets' fault (which is the latests convenient goalpost-moving from Core regarding the reasons for not raising the blocksize). It's the network's fault.


OK, I'm seeing them. They've been trending upwards (very slowly admittedly, excepting the events. but upwards regardless). Now what? This goes against your claims. Unless you want to provide **your own** sources of data, which I've requested from the first moment, what I'm seeing goes against what you're saying. Show me the data.


Excuse my cursing again, but, what kind of fucking bullshit reasoning argument is that? "HEy, let's fundamentally alter the economic motivators that bitcoin has been functioning under since it began, not because there's a problem that needs solving, but because we fear people will stop doing now and into the future as the value increases, what they were always doing since bitcoin was essentially a cool experiment"? Fucking utter bullshit, and it's a clear smokescreen for ulterior motives which I'm suspect you're not even privy to, but you're nonetheless repeating as if it made any sense. HAve you ever sit down and think about these things, for real?


As I already explained, miners have always had the power to reject transactions whose fees they don't agree with. When you refute this reality, **then** you can argue for the need to "help miners out" with the economic incentives.


Are you for real? You're describing a free market, and one where **self-fucking interest** is the only motivation required for it to work. 


Because otherwise they might be tempted to give services away for free? Am I understanding you correctly? I'm sorry but I'm not quite understanding why miners need you to protect them from accepting whatever fucking transactions and fees they wish.


You just spent a few paragraphs arging that miners shouldn't be allowed to "plan as they see fit", from a single point of control. This is in every conceivable definition "central economic planning". And if you support that, that's fine, just come to terms with it, call it what it is, and then argue why bitcoin needs central control.
@_date: 2016-04-12 21:05:54
I would agree if this were actually a pattern (like, say, Gmax subtly insulting and undermining Gavin every chance he gets); but I honestly had never seen him do this before. 
I'm open to reviewing more of this, if you truly believe this a sign representative of "what Gavin really is", though.
@_date: 2016-04-15 16:42:25
No need to be. Just be clear that you will be called out when you propose false information in public. Just don't complain.
@_date: 2016-04-13 05:10:11


Oh. We get 3 tweets and your transparency requirements are met.
I dom't follow the hypocrisy bir. Care to explain? Who from this metting went there from a position of authority? Surely you don't mean to say that private citizens without any power or position in the project owe anyone any explanations?
@_date: 2016-04-07 05:40:22


On this we agree, which is one of the reasons for my deep distrust of Core. I very honestly believe that they have no real interest in implementing a flexcap solution (even if heavily "controlled" in some manner so as to make it essentially similar to a true limit), judging by their comments all thoughout these forums in the last few months. I believe the wording on the agreement is so that they can keep "both sides" happy, in that miners wil read into it what they want to hear, and people like you, who want a reasonable long-term and economically-sensible solution, can also project their intentions into such poor wording.


I'm aware, and rest assured that's not the reason I feel tired of this discussion. I can continue for a while longer, though.
In general terms, it seems we both agree on the solution, but not on whom to trust will enact it. I think the Core conflicts of interests are far too large for my liking, even if they hold they have "safeguards". This is a matter nobody, not Austin Hill, not Gmaxwell, and not anyone on this sub has been able to answer to me: the kind of conflict of interest they have deliberately put themselves into, is one where, were bitcoin an actually regulated industry, all of this would be heavily illegal, and if it were politics, the scandal would drive them out of office. This remains true regardless of whether they're "doing anything wrong" or not, but the fact that they're so brazzen so as to claim that "hey, we're cool and honest", when we have had these sorts of legal safeguards against corruption for literally millenia now, is inexplicable to me. Inexplicable in how the community goes along with it, that is.
The other team, aside from a clear and concise roadmap, are guided by none other than Gavin and Jeff, so that right there is at least some reassurance that things should be at least better.
Your other argument seems to rest on the absolutely necessity that there "not be more than one hardfork", which, aside from arbitrary, is something not even Gmaxwell shares. 
So if of they not even them agree (on what they've explicitly said, no less) with you, why are you workling so hard to try and read what you want to read into their insanely vague statements?
@_date: 2016-04-14 22:58:40
Did you respond to the wrong comment? Because none of what you just said has anything to do with the subject we were discussing. Which is not to say I wouldn't be interested in debating those, mind you, but I'm finding it pretty hard already to extract a direct answer from a very concrete topic from you as it is.
@_date: 2016-04-03 10:16:37
Right, he just happens to be exploiting the social attack vector to turn it into something that better suits "his vision", rather than the one we all sogned up for.
@_date: 2016-04-15 16:38:59


I assume you're talking of yourself here, because out of the 2, I was the only one actually presenting reasoned arguments (and asking for them). Rest assured, I'm perfectly clear on your attitude towards this.
@_date: 2016-04-13 06:09:53
Private enterprises and individuals meeting. Yes, it's OK by me. Which is not to say I'm not curious, mind you (but seriously do provide some evidence, at this point the hearsay is ridiculous), but you seem to misunderstand the role transparency has to play for **public** (or indeed common good) institutions, and why the same standard is not applied (morally or legally) to private ones.
When Classic becomes the de-facto Dev team, I'll demand transparency from them. Until then, I'll thank for it, but I can't demand it. It's an alt-coin after all, is it not?
@_date: 2016-04-12 06:09:42
Such are the realities of actual business, and when the (dtandalone) PoS solutions aren't there, it's just a nightmare of bringing up the devices and wallets and whatnot (I too have used bitcoin to try and pay at PoS).
Good on you for trying I guess. I guess it's for the best, nowadays some people 'round these parts don't see the naked blockchain as the place where these sorts of transactions should happen (with a core dev going so far as calling them "spam").
@_date: 2016-04-03 14:18:30
The issue I have with these "estimates" is that if they truly believed their own results they'd be using all the cash they have to buy it at the current price.
There's no such thing as altruistic business advice. When they put they money where their mouths are, I'll believe them.
@_date: 2016-04-15 15:55:56
MEh. Good luck.
@_date: 2016-04-30 10:18:09
Uh, perhaps given these claims you will **now** give a clear definition of what are your criteria for a transaction being considered as "spam"? Or even more critically since you're in the Core team, where precisely in the code is this "spam screening mechanism" that you just described as taking place?
And a final moral question, but, if you're so worried aboit miner profitability so as to enact a whole economic plan for how bitcoin should work (the "fee market"), how do you justify on an individual level making your transactions with zero fees?
I do hope you'll answer this time.
@_date: 2016-04-15 08:28:35
No. Allow me to quote your *actual* original point, with which I disagreed and presented arguments to counter it:


Please stop moving the goalposts. If you want to debate, debate. But I tire quickly of constant logical fallacies. Your argument is (implied to be) that bitcoin will continue appreciating in price ("destroying the USD"), and I argued against it. It's a simple proposition that shouldn't be hard to focusedly refute, if all of what you said and believe were true. I'll wait.
@_date: 2016-04-15 17:12:54
Are you being intentionally dense, or do you just have that short of a memory span? Go back and read the comment where I first quoted you. 
The dishonesty is staggering. I'm not one to lightly label someone a troll, but I'm considering it here. At any rate, I'm done here. 
@_date: 2016-04-05 06:02:36
Uhm, no? Please link to my own comments, or kindly shut up. 
Am I somehow lying that the routing problem for LN (which is the reason the current devs are giving for refusing to implement a delf-adjusting hardfork) nobody even knows how to solve in theory (and not merely that it's not implemented yet)?
@_date: 2016-04-14 22:54:23
I'm sorry what? What is not true? That blockspace is translated into tps capacity, and that a restricted capacity, by very definition, prevents the growth of the network? Or is it the fact that, once capacity is exceeded, transactions get delayed, dropped, and fees escalate? Or that in such a state the network's reliability (and both dependably and independently its usefulness) is severely reduced? Or that in such a state the market would be very unlikely to value it highly?
All of it, just some? What? Please do elaborate, because I'll confess I'm in complete disbelief at what you just said.
@_date: 2016-04-23 10:16:01
No, I **actually** trust science. Which was your original claim by the way, but I guess we just found out the reality.
I can also find "climate experts" that dom't believe in climate change, btw. Their claims are just not supported by the research, which should tell you something about either their "expertise", or their intentions.
@_date: 2016-04-14 22:37:14


Thing is, unless something changes, it very much is. FOMO is great and all, it fuels most investment bubbles, but reality is harder. Right now if demand rises by even 5%, we're back to full blocks, delayed and downright lost txs, escalating fees, and news sources being filled with how bitcoin simply cannot take the volume. Suddenly what started as increased interest can quickly turn into a run. 
In my mind, that's the most likely scenario by far, but what's certain is how the network will respond. The human element is a tossup, admittedly. The capacity problem is very real, make no mistake about that.
@_date: 2016-04-24 19:17:59
It's also not very realiable.
@_date: 2016-04-23 08:14:11
Honest question.




You seem to be contradicting yourself here. What woould make a "non knee jerk increase" to the blocksize so drastically different that centralisation would either not happen anymore, or for some reason not be important?
It's vital we're crystal clear on these things, to avoid falling into propagandistic practices (calling it "a knee jerk raise", for instance, when this has been a topic of intense discussion for a couple of years now). At this point I'm fairly positive most of the big-blockists would be willing to get behind "an ultimate definitve solution" (or indeed a "higher than 2mb increase"), if there was any sign from the devs whatsoever that a) this is inequivocally withing their plans, and b) they're commited to doing it *before* we end up bumping continuously against the current cap, so as to avoid halting growth before any of the much promised L2 solutions are ready, and well-developed to the point they're at least as easy to use as the main chain.
So to recap, I think the "centralisation" argument, aside from having been refuted for &lt;4mb blocks with today's hardware, is being used in a political manner, in that nobody is explaining how exactly the current devs will "avoid" it by the mere virtue of being them who implement the raise. This, of course, assuming they ever want to raise it, as I said I think it's pretty clear they've been very careful never to actually promise or give detailed timelines for such a change.
@_date: 2016-04-03 14:00:31


So how did those expectations fare for you in light of "opt-in" RBF, "soft-fork" segwit, the LN, and forced fee events that bitcoin had never even been in risk of until late last year?
I'd also be very interested in reading one of those 2011 articles that portrayed bitcoin as a settlement layer, or hey perhaps just one that *doesn't* portray it as a universal, low cost payment network. This one is just personal curiosity; I didn't literally mean to say that all early adopters agreed with me, so consider that idiom recanted.
Honest and concrete answers, please. I tire of undisprovable generalisations.
@_date: 2016-04-24 12:31:37
I dislike the idea of trezors for cold storage very much. Or their "backup" mechanism which, while necessary is their weak point. Now you have to safeguard a word string in plaintext, which grants easy access to all the funds.
Look into encrypted cold wallets.
@_date: 2016-04-11 14:00:17
Which I agree 100% with that this was an idiotic person investing money in scammy endeavours; but to suggest that a) this might have to do with this person "living in a nanny state", and b) that "living in a welfare state is less preferable due to making you less prepared to deal with the world when your state fails", are a fallacious confirmation bias, and an unfortunate way to interpret reality, in a "sour grapes" kind of way.
@_date: 2016-04-11 11:48:14


Yeah, about that...
@_date: 2016-04-12 06:15:48
I'm confused, luke. Surely you consider these sorts of transactions "spam", by everything you've said in the past. Obviously he isn't accepting them via LN channels, so would you mind clarifying your position on this?
@_date: 2016-04-23 11:04:24
@_date: 2016-04-05 19:52:31
Is this the decentralisation we were sold on?
@_date: 2016-04-04 22:14:38
Transaction times, fees unpredictability, and downright *reduced capacity* is a far cry from "so fees go up for a while". 
I sometimes wonder whether people even believe bitcoin should be something even resembling a functional network anymore, of if they're just guided by blind faith in their belief that "bitcoin will keep growing no matter what". 
I mean, bitcoin is revolutionary, but it doesn't defy market forces. Ir actually depends on them.
@_date: 2016-04-14 22:24:44
Was my point untrue? I'm speaking of at least 2 variables with well documented historical data. That I've not presented a thesis on the subject does not mean I'm wrong in my (albeit extremely simplified) claim.
Less ad hominems, more facts, please.
@_date: 2016-04-30 11:32:31


Well, I am not, and I don't appreciate the implication. But not only because I don't appreciate insults, but because it'd be patently false, as I suspect would be the case with a good proportion of the times oyu've been asked this question. This would of course lead me to kindly, but frankly, recommend you revisit your policies on how to deal with bitcoiners; it just doesn't bode well at all that a member of the team of the default implementation of a multibillion project casts aside fair and valid questions (and perhaps even criticisms, hard for you as they may be to take them) by labelling everything you don't feel as explaining as "trolls". 


Oh, I see. I'd never heard anyone refer to the priority calculation value as "anti spam measures". With that aside, and fully admitting that, while able to read simple code, I wouldn't be able to create a coherent application on my own, and seeing as you're in an explaining mood today, would you mind briefly walking me through it? Perhaps that should suffice as a tacit acknowledgement of how you personally seek to define "spam transactions", lacking a clear answer?


Diagnosis and debugging. That seems fair enough. Apologies for having assumed you were taking advantage of code prioritisation for personal, cheap, reasons.
@_date: 2016-04-12 11:47:15
Far from it. [If we follow your comments, in fact]( (and this is but the latest comment; but I can quote you if you'll continue denying that you believe the vast majority of current on-chain low-value transactions as spam), one is only left to logically conclude that, in your opinion, the sorts of transactions OP is talking about don't actually belong on the blockchain insofar as this use case couldn't possibly be handled on-chain if it ever became even marginally popular.
Or will you deny to have proposed to *reduce* the blocksize cap, that you believe current blocks to be filled majoritarily with "spam" (at least as long as the pay current regular fees), or that scaling of these sorts of transactions shouldn't happen on the blockchain?
@_date: 2016-04-24 22:21:28
By the probability by which you can forget a) any one of or b) the order of, the words in the word string, with every new "creative" way to "hide them"; which as I'm sure you can corroborate using basic probability theory, rapidly approaches 1 with every new word requiring such treatment, and with ever (lets say) month that passes without you reviewing exactly where and in what order the words are supposed to be hidden?
Or did you actually mean "hiding" all the words together, in plaintext, in order? Because that's exactly the kind of insecurity I dislike so much about it.
@_date: 2016-04-29 05:28:40
That's actually the kind of feature I wished I would hear was going on. I'm satisfied with this model. Thanks for clearing it up.
@_date: 2016-04-15 10:08:23
Non sequitors, ey? And here I thought I directly addressed your points by quoting you (well, paraphrasing really, and I'm sure you'll grt nitpicky about it, but the point remains).
Anyways, your call. This is a public discussion after all, and if your goal was to convince OP and all readers that "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself here", then you can be the judge of how convincing you are by not even engaging and refuting a couple of very concrete points.
As a sidenote, I'm finding the same thing is happening all over this thread. It's almost as if the question drew from all of you the last od your arguments, that can't even be portrayed as being defensible logically. Shrug.
@_date: 2016-04-14 21:08:34
I thought you were in favour of "creating a fee market"? I'm confused about the thesis you're defending here. Firstly, it's a lie in that blocks filling has already happened. Reduced tx burden currently makes this not be the case, but we have not much more room to spare. Brigther economic minds would tell you that market forces are probably keeping the transaction pressure down -at the expense of halting growth-.
Secondly, it's a shitry defense. "For right now things are fine". We have, on average, only tens of kilobytes per block to spare. We can't grow. Any sudden surge in interest (or a bitcoin run), would make it all go downhill again, and even worse in the case of a run, when demand will not follow investing interest, but an interest to get out.
But lastly, it just seems like a poor sales pitch. "Improvements are in the pipeline, we promise!". Improvements that would buy us mere months of time (if we even want and expect growth to continue at the rate it was going prior to the february event), will take likely more than a year to reach the full capacity at that, and that are being used to justify **not** doing the simple, proven (and admitted) safe, and logical improving of raising the blocksize. Did I also mention there's no timeline for any onchain capacity increases after that? Where does that leave us?
@_date: 2016-04-30 06:23:31


Right, the same way an airliner having sold all their tickets for a particular plane "is only painful because their website sucks"?
This ridiculous piece of propaganda needs to die once and for all. A ridiculously small (and artificially reduced at that) capacity is not a " feature", and no matter how many times people repeat "your wallrt is shit" or "it's just spam!", the simple, unavoidable fact, is that bitcoin cannot possibly grow in both adoption and value, with this capacity having been reached.
Yes, being able to pay more than others means for a while there (and until the market decides to dump this curremcy with such a ridiculous and stupid centralised control for good), if you have the money, you'll be able to transact (ir remains to be answered why anyone would ever want to do that when the fees surpass those of the current money transfering services, but I guess we're supposed to put on out denial hats, huh?); but then again trnsacting on a network that can't support growth ism't really all that valuable now, is it?
@_date: 2016-04-04 18:15:21
"That particular disagreement" (which was the extent to which he demanded dashjr step down, contrary to your implication), was more than "crticism of a particular fork", it was him being openly obstructionist about the HF.
If openly calling toxic people out on their bullshit and professionalism is anti-bitcoin, then we're all doomed regardless.
@_date: 2016-04-24 22:42:56
All of which are fine and dandy, but their necessity in this case absolutely *prove* my point, which is that, on its own, the backup word string is extremely insecure, to the point of being a glaring weak spot (and definitely the go-to attack vector) on an otherwise brilliantly designed hardware wallet. This makes said HW be literally no more secure than using electrum on a live-cd os computer and having to guard the seed words. At best it makes transacting less cumbersome by not requiring you to retrieve those keys everytime you want to spend.
Let me illustrate this further: with stegonography, I could also hide myunencrypted private keys. But you would never hold that an unencrypted private key is a secure means of storing bitcoin, would you? 
My bip38 encrypted wallets, on the other hand, I literally have hidden in various redundant spots around my house and online.
@_date: 2016-04-04 18:18:45
Gavin is one of the few people who through all of this has remained calm and asked people to stop the personal attacks and conspiracy theories, repeatedly. I'm completely at a loss about what you mean by that.
@_date: 2016-04-02 21:06:29
The ackward contradiction in this sub... Bitcoin is supposed to be a settlement network because reasons (and F everyone who believes differently), but then everybody loves the idea of microtransactions, promotes businesses that accept bitcoin payments, etc.
@_date: 2016-04-24 19:37:00
Corollary because I realised I don't quite understand what you meant:
Is the "password protection" a new set of generated words that can then only be turned back into the original words by applying the password? Or do you just mean at the trezor site, with the same set of backup words?
Because if it's latter, it's not really an encryption, and the words themselves could be used to derive the private key sans password.
@_date: 2016-04-06 21:32:07
It seems to me that you're not aware that the "agreement" by which miners are currently supporting core conceded that after SGSF, core would make a 2mb HF available too?
There's of course much more I could comment on (your bit about leadershiplessness seems ironically weird and inaccurate to describe the current state of bitcoin, for one), but that's as far as one needs to go to see the inconsistency in your claims.
@_date: 2016-04-24 19:27:15
Is the ecryption in the password brute force-resistant the way BIP38 encrypted wallets are?
@_date: 2016-04-06 17:44:02
I'm pivoting nothing. The blocksize cap is the essential factor for the blockchain remaining user acessible, as I've argued already. Please don't make me repeat myself
I'm sorry well-reasoned facts are so intolerable to you that you feel the need to shift the debate onto an ad hominem wrapped in a red herring. If someday you feel prepared to actually tackle the topic (after you've figured it out for yourself), though, do let me know.
@_date: 2016-04-15 12:45:06


But, as I said, they're actually not. In february, during the fee event, this wasn't true. When usage picks up again to similar levels, the same thing will happen (or worse). What evidence do you have to ascertain that this will not only be the case, but that they fees will actually get lower? How can you speak of "facts" when history doesn't support your claim? 
Also, when I said I didn't understand you, I meant it in a real way, in that I know you support small blocks and "creating a fee market". Am I wrong, and if not, how do you reconcile these with what you're saying here?
Please, stop speaking in generalities. You proclaim to denounce propagandistic bullshit, while engaging in it. I'm asking very direct and simple questions. Cut the bullshit, answer some things.
@_date: 2016-04-03 10:00:47
Your comment has special significance in relation to the current bitcoin governance debate.
I wonder if you yourself see this.
@_date: 2016-04-04 12:00:17
Honest question luke: do you have any evidence to label a certain % of the transactions as "spam"? How exactly do you define the term in this context?
@_date: 2016-04-13 05:12:37
What, comparing overall crime rates to gun crime rates? Care to explain how those were manipulated or censored? Are the numbers for any of them falsified? Was there a government mandate to stop recording the former and continue with the latter? What?
@_date: 2016-04-16 22:22:52




These comments scare me in that, while I know my country's laws and legal processes, requirements and recourses for how something is determined to be "stolen", I don't know any of these things regarding your company. 
Perhaps for OP's case there's a requirement from law enforcement that you can't publicly talk about, and that'd fine. But those comments scare me and prevent me from entrusting you with my money.
@_date: 2016-04-04 23:35:37
None of which currently exist in a decentralised form, even theoretically. 
@_date: 2016-04-11 17:22:39
@_date: 2016-04-15 19:07:02
@_date: 2016-04-14 22:45:44


... Followed by zero facts (or even disproving evidence), and even more ad hominems.
I'd be very willing to have a very substantiated debate for why i believe blocksize availability is crucial to continued growth, but I won't waste time with someone who just throws around random branches of math as if they pertained to the discussion, and just dedicates himself to attacking me.
So again, comprehensive arguments, please, or else I just won't bother responding any further.
@_date: 2016-04-12 21:12:46
As opposed to the HK meeting? Are you serious? The only info we have is the "document", and what individual miners have leaked from it. 
Regardless, please do outline exactly where your moral preoccupations lie in regards to "secrecy" of an exclusive and -gasp- secret meeting. Or more concretely, why a private party wishing to meet with miners from a position of non-authority should be anyone's business other than those from the meeting.
@_date: 2016-04-12 16:39:10
I need evidence for the things you claimed and that is all. Your claim was one of systemic disinformation. Please stop using demagoguery to change the subject from the fact that you don't have a leg to stand on.
Either answer or yield.
@_date: 2016-04-14 16:30:49


Actually it can be (and very realistically has proven to be) both. Just repeating that a handful of people who won't allow anyone to contribute code they don't agree with (so much for the "meritocracy" argument), doesn't constitute a very real form of centralisation, doesn't make it true, and it's an excercise in pure propaganda.


To "take over" implies someone "owns" the project, and while in practice this is the case, it's completely against the tenets of bitcoin, and the ultimate freedom ideals it was founded on. Having a majority of either (or both) the mining and the economic power decide that it wants to take the project in a different direction (or keep it on course as the case may be), is the furthest thing from "a takeover", and should be **encouraged**, as opposed to a forced, intimidated, or passive "consensus". 
You're engaging in doublespeak and propaganda; and whether you're doing it on purpose or unwittingly, you need to be called out on it. Because bitcoin is not supposed to have a central planner manage it, and the community should be the one deciding where to take it.
@_date: 2016-04-23 08:19:24
Honest suggestion. When you conclusions seem to not make sense or add up, why not go back to revising your premises, before engaging in conspiracy theories? Could it possibly be, that maybe, just maybe, the guys are Cornell were also **not** lying when their research showed that at least up to 4mb actual blocks with current hardware, a raise would **not** lead to more centralisation? Could it be that the people who made those claims in the first place were either wrong or being intentionally misleading?
@_date: 2015-12-20 17:45:28
This is the first I hear of something similsr, I thought they were one of the "legit" ones. Care to share some previous history?
@_date: 2015-12-03 20:46:42
With all due respect, your answers sound more like mental gymnastics that adapt to your already formed opinion, than the true underlying reasons for rejecting BIP101.
It is for other people to debate whether this is sincere prejudicial irrationality, or you are making jutifications for a position/decision based on as of yet unrevealed factors.
@_date: 2015-12-20 17:47:04
Encrypted cold wallet?
@_date: 2015-12-20 19:18:46
That'd be like saying that someone who takes Antabus every morning relinquishes their right to drink for that day.
In reality they're making the healthier choice in the long term even if it means not being able to have instant gratification. They can go back to the Drachma anytime they want, they're choosing not to.
@_date: 2015-12-03 20:58:57
The thing is, you claim that "an immediate rise to 4mb might not be so bad", yet you stil maintain that BIP101 would be too rash. These sound terribly incompatible to me.
I'd love to read your analysis once you write it, though.
@_date: 2015-12-13 13:10:05
And that's all well and good as far a dreams go, but when we know that human beings aren't good at all, a government less "moral society" seems as likely to become true as communists' ideal sociery.
We have tons and tons of examples of corporarions (which in a libertarian utopia would provide the services a government now does) abusing their power, and always acting in their best interest, and that of revenues, when they're not regulated. I'm sure don't actually need to point any of those out for this discussion, but I wonder how you reconcile this very fundamental issue personally?
@_date: 2015-12-12 18:22:45
This is absurd. While bitcoin in theory allows you to be sure that **noone** can take your money, in practice simply refusing to pay taxes will not be a viable alternative, if you value a legally-unencumbered life. 
Think about it in this way; even though through the modern banking system allows the government to freeze or even outright take your money, how often is this power used to actually collect taxes? Never, really. People who hold this "libertarian dream currency" view are deluding themselves, as they could just as well attempt to do that today. But why don't they do it? Because they'll find themselves in legal trouble long before they have to try and do a "final stand". 
Bitcoin and the technology behind it has great potential to truly change the world economy for the better, by removing the capacity of third parties to tamper with the money flow, and negating the **neccesity** of banks (which will halt predatory pactices from banks on account of free market and wanting to have customers). And while some other properties of bitcoin could theoretically allow for people with libertarian views to engage in economic wars against their government, this is not what we should be associating bitcoin with. 
In the real world, libertarian societies simply don't last long. The rest of us "statists" would rather focus on continuing to improve democracy.
@_date: 2015-06-07 14:29:07
Your point being?
Look at [the quality of life index list]( The US ranks 16 preceded by an overwhelmingly socialist list of countries. And if you then go and control against that list by GDP, you get to arrive at even more interesting conclusions regarding the efficiency with which a given country (and system) can provide a better life for their citizens with a given amount of money.
@_date: 2015-06-10 08:51:17
Well, when you continue repeating the exact same arguments in the light of evidence to the contrary, this stopped being a genuine debate quite a few comments ago. My intention is not to offend you, and i do hope one day you take those criticisms and look into them (I suspect I'm not the first or last one to point them out), but at the end of the day you're free to interpret whatever you like.
@_date: 2015-12-12 18:42:43
My bad. The shitstorm that that one instance of this caused, however, should be a clue of how rare such an event is.
@_date: 2015-06-08 18:27:40


[I suggest you take a look at some actual facts]( (on the right column click to sort by percentage, and see how the US and similarly "free market" countries fare against more regulated ones). I'm worried that you simply repeat libertarian and ancap arguments without actually looking at the real evidence. Many people in the US quite literally end up losing everything they own, all their life savings, and going bankrupt if they so much as get a cancer. And I say the US not because it's the only country where it happens, but it's certainly the only "first world country" where it does. It's supposed richness contrasts sharply with this sad state of affairs.


Ah, I see, you're actually of an ancap ideology. Now, please don't take this the wrong way, and don't feel insulted when I say I just have no patience to discuss any further with someone who'd entertain such wholly unrealistic ideas about the world or human nature. There are pretty simple (and common-sensical) rebuttals to all of your "points" (no monopolies in a free market? what kind of world do you come from?), but I honestly can't debate with someone who ignores evidence presented to them, while claiming no only unsubstantiated, but wholly fantastical things in the hopes that an uninformed person might just concede. 
I'll instead leave you with what I say to every single ancap believer I find across the internet (and funnily enough none of them are poor, and all of them were direct and huge beneficiaries of their governments): There's nothing stopping you from just moving to the middle of Somalia or any other place equally devoid of a functioning government, and fulfilling your dream of an utopic, magical place where everyone if happier and richer without an effective state of rule of law. I wonder why **this** has never really succeeded in the history of ever.
@_date: 2015-06-08 18:34:54


Funny how such simple facts manage to shut up this insane and deluded ideology.
@_date: 2015-12-28 22:23:28


And what makes you think this is something desirable? Think of it in terms of the internet: sure we can promote and research better encapsulation and compression protocols, but at the end of the day, in order to achieve massive adoption and good services, it had to be upgraded from 56.6kbps. This attitude of "we should avoid raising the limit" is utterly incomprehensible to me. So please do elaborate on that.
But to answer your question, I think tge current situation is fine. It's reaching the point where the market can't ignore it, and its hand will be forced, as it relates to the core devs. The reason there is a "controversy " isn't some technical debate over unforseen consequences (higher block sizes are well tested on the testnet, as opposed to every and other proposed "solutions" meant to "avoid the blocksize increase"); it's a debate over a group of people refusing to fulfill the social contract entrusted to them and in such a way relinquish their ability to monetise on an artificially restricted " bitcoin", and the rest of the bitcoin economy who wish to see it become what it was designed to be.
So let the current situation stand, and the chips fall where they may. This way there's a risk bitcoin will be destroyed no doubt, but if it survives it will be freed from this penultimate bastion of centralised control which goes completely against everything bitcoin was founded on.
@_date: 2015-06-09 05:19:31


Nice appeal to emotion! As I said, go to Somalia to establish your utopia, and then let me know how non-violent, prosperous, and wonderful your society turns out without a state of rule of law. Your naivetè is straggering, and your contact with reality lacking, if you've never so much as asked yourself why such a system has never succesfully lead to a fluorishing civilization (because you know there are a couple of instances where acciqdentally this has happened, right? It's a simple case of "those who don't learn from history...").
Either way, there's no point debating this whsen you live in a democracy. You either subject yorurself to it becausñe it's what the majority wants, or you move somewhere there isn't a government. It's as simple as that.
@_date: 2015-06-10 14:11:55
Sure, I'd be interested in that. But please give me a few days to clear my head for a bit (and also because I have a few days of hard work for my job ahead of me). If you want you can just write it, and I'll respond in a few days.
@_date: 2015-06-08 20:50:01
I was agrreing with you... And I'm plenty sure you are already familiar with [the facts.](
I was referring to the fact that the person you were "debating" with had stopped responding.
@_date: 2015-06-07 13:16:45


It's working pretty well in the rest of the first world outside of the US. I think you might be thinking of "communism", which speaks loads about your political knowledge or historical perspective. 
We get it, you're a libertarian. Good for you. Go vote and all that. Don't, however, proclaim that your political ideas are scientifically-proven to be the best model for a developed society.
@_date: 2015-06-10 05:47:51


Factually incorrect.






Wow. You're so disconnected with reality you don't even attempt to fix what is a very real problem. Other ancaps (and the official ideology) actually have proposed solutions for this very difficult problem. You're deluded amongst the deluded.


I did. It's a false equivalency.


I'm not quite sure what you're implying here, but the realistic answer is that nobody could possibly enforce such morals. I get that you imply morals are universal (such a ridiculous idea, but understandable from your background), but you're not even going to strain yourself to think what is to be done with evil-doers (according to whatever moral code you choose to adhere to: which is another problem in and of itself without laws).


I've been to Somalia actually, although I'm not about to recount my life story to you. I'm informed, certainly enought so so as not to declare it to be "a failed socialist state". I've seen what anarchy **really** breeds, while you're sitting in a chair, in one of the countries with the highest quality of life in the world, with apparently no perspective whatsoever about anything, saying how repressed you are and how bad you have it, and proposing that distributing some pamplets about " a principle of non aggression" would make all of that kind of robbing, killing, slaving, and a long list of etceteras, stop, and turn it into a magical place.


Source it, please. Do you not read **my** sources? If not what is the point? If you've proven that you're not interested in informing yourswlf (literally, by not even opening the sources I provide), why would I continue wasting my time debating with you?


This is quite almost an insult to the rest of the less developed world. I won't tell you what you sound like because you'd take as an ad hominem, but it's uet more evidence for how disconnected from reality you are.
Damned your excuses, you need to see the real world.


Ah, I see. So not only you had it so good that you decided to have a family, but not you're using them as an excuse. I'm sorry but that is a contradiction with your thoughts about the place you live in. Why are you subjecting your children to such horrible, slaving conditions? I can assure you if I lived in Somalia and had kids, I would be out of there, no questions asked. If I lived in the US, I'd wait only as long as my visas were ready for it.  But more importantly, I act as a consequence of my beliefs. 
You're in denial about the world (and deeply ignorant on a lot of things, and seemingly willfully), and you complaining about your country is not even funny. It's tragic. So forgive me when, this time, I actually go through with not wasting any more time on this. I should hope to come across you in the future when you've seen a bit about the world.
@_date: 2015-06-08 16:06:41
I'll just answer everything here, ok?


Well, no, not no-true-Scotsman. I define "socialism" as those countries that adopt socialist measures (welfare, universal healthcare, universal education, and host of different social programmes), coupled with high tax rates leaning more heavily on private corporations to fund those programs, so as to better redistribute wealth and fairly charge entities that are using those services to extract money from the economy that they've created. What you're referring to is communism which, while a form of socialism technically, is qualitatively so much different to what I'm talking about, that I personally think it shouldn't be considered that (and history has supported me by differentiating between those terms). You said you live in Finland, which is amongst the most "socialist" countries in the world while still maintaining a basic capitalist economy. And which, as a result, has one of the highest quality of life for its citizens.


Hey you're right, we do agree in this! What you're failing (or not wanting) to see from the available evidence is that the further to the "pure capitalistic" spectrum a country gets, the more unequal it becomes. This fact is not countered by pointing out to communist totalitarian regimes, as that is not at all what I'm talking about, and where communism is but an excuse anyways.


With this I absolutely agree, but I don't think we agree on what "freedom" comprises. You seem to take a capitalistic economic stance that "freedom" means "freedom for corporations to do as they see fit with as little regulation as possible", while I consider freedom to be "freedom for people to live their lives unencumbered by things like monopolies limiting their choices, student or healthcare debts making them bankrupt or forcing their career choices, or a lack of minimum wages or strong unions turning them into essentially slave labour and far more dependent on government aid than they would be in what you would describe as a "less free country". This also means they should be free from both direct inequality and the inequality in opportunities that being born to a poor family brings. I have lived in the US for a while actually, and all of these things are not only rampant, but painfully evident. It's a country that's great to live in if you have money (which I did, being in a vast minority as compared to the rest of its inhabitants), but a soul-crushing prison to people who don't, from where there's no escape. And all of this is the direct result of an economically "free" model, where corporations are treated better than people (at least in regards to the services they receive as compared to the taxes they pay). Have you lived in the US, or are you perchance an american?
I think this critical distinction (freedom for the people vs. freedom for corporations) is one you've failed to consider in your worldview. 
@_date: 2015-06-07 14:07:25
Well, functionally eliminating government is one way to limit corruption, sure. But it comes at the cost of limiting the functions of said government. Taken to the extreme this would lead to anarcho-capitalism, and I'm not in a mood right now to start an argument about it (read my comment history if you want to rehash some of my past debates with these sorts of people.
On the not-so-extreme, yet far-gone-enough to comprise a far less functional government would be libertarianism, which I'm assuming is what you propose. 
Your criticism of socialism by speaking only of it's most extreme form is fallacious. I agree that Marxist and Leninist socialism is night impossible to achieve successfully due to the nature of the human condition (ie: never where it has been implemented has it been so democratically, not for the ultimate purpose of achieving those goals); but something more akin to what's going on in most of Europe and Canada would be far preferable to the ever-capitalistic US, IMO. At least in terms of the ultimate quality of life and social equality afforded to its citizens.
Your values might not align with mine, and if those 2 objectives aren't what you'd consider the most important for a society to prioritise, then I'd agree that a different system might suit it better.
@_date: 2015-06-09 15:06:54


In your case I'm afraid it's more a "those who don't know history". Now, don't get me wrong, I'm sure you must have read the kind of history that I have, but I'm very concerned when out of the past 40 years of Somalia's history you choose to pick a random 4 year period during which a pseudo-communist government was established by force, and then call it a "failed socialist state". I'm concerned that you don't see the current state of a just-barely functioning government (if you can call it that, when it hasn't even been 3 years since it last changed its name and government) for what it is: a now-law land where different groups of people are fighting for the power in a non-monopolisation of violence. It's quite the ancap dreamland, actually, and ancap supporters not recognising it for what it is should be your first sign of what is wrong with that ideology. Either way fret not: If Somalia is way too stable with too powerful a government now for your government, I hear there are massive protests going on in Congo that threaten to reawaken their civil war. 
Also preoccupying to me is your romantisation of the American Frontier, and reducing its history to "it became the richest country on earth". If it existed still, I have the feeling you'd respond to my invitation to go live there the same way you did to the last comment. 


[Yeah, that's usually exactly what happens in places with no or little-acting governments](
Good luck with that, by the way. I genuinely bear no ill to you, nor wish to insult you, but by god if aren't your responses some classical denial.
@_date: 2015-06-09 21:19:29


Will you ever stop with the appeals to emotion? Taxes are something agreed upon as both a way to redistribute wealth (this applies more to corporate taxes, mind you, in countries with sane corporate tax schemes... I wonder how you perceive the government to be "extorting" corporations?), and fund the very real, very efficient, and very high quality services it provides me with.


[It's seriously not even hard.]( Not that I expect evidence to sway you at this point, mind you, but this very fact should make you wonder.


Not if your definition only encompasses that of the government, no shit. That's all I was referring to by that (because remember that uncomfortable fact that there are no functioning ancap paradises in government-less places). But you bring forth an interesting point. What about the 2008 global economic crisis created by an insufficiently regulated banking sector, and perpetuated by yet another insufficiently regulated "free market" (Wall Street)? That's what I'd call societal corruption. Corporations left to their devices fucking people over.


I feel like we've talked about the fallacy of talking about totalitarian "communist" regimes and using them as some sort of proof against capitalist socialism. Please stop repeating this, it doesn't become any less ridiculous. Either way, you conceded the point. What implications do you think this has on the current debate?


Different solutions to this problem have arisen over the millenia in different civilizations, and no, I don't consider that to be a problem in say, most of Europe. It's a problem that can perfectly be dealt with the very same rule of law you so detest. But otherwise, yes, humans **are** bad. Even if I were willing to assume that it's only *some* "rotten people" that are "bad" ([but I think you need to revisit your expectations about both humanity and even yourself]( [and [2]( if you somehow believe that without a rule of law humanity won't devolve into savagery and all sorts of human rights violations, including but not restricted to slavery), how would you serve justice in a government-less world? Think about this carefully, bearing in mind that I've probably heard all proposed "solutions" from extensive debates from ancap ideologists.


[As many as they've]( been allowed to do so without oversight, rest assured.


They're broken up by antitrust laws and regulations, of course. I know you intend this as a trick question, because the second I give some examples you'll jump at the "but they were allowed to become so only because of government", with no evidence to show for it whatsoever. Seems to me like a way too convenient situation of an unfalsifiable "damned if you, danmed if you don't".


Hum... I could have sworn I **just** linked you to a random reddit thread showing the exact opposite behaviour. It seems to me like you have a case of selection bias.


Sometimes they do (propaganda is an easy game to play, yet no more dishonest than advertising), but most of the time they don't. I don't really get your point. 


Ah, so my suspicions were correct: You do need "a design". You've failed to answer my question: how would you make millions of people "agree" to play by the "non aggression" rule, when clearly by simple game theory (which I assume is what you refer to when you keep repeating "win win interactions"...) it stands to reason that the one to use aggression in a non-aggression world stands far more to gain than the rest? This is where your idea falls apart spectacularly. I don't get where on earth you get the idea that people or corporations would ever choose the public-benefiting option over the self-serving option. This doesn't even happen in a **regulated** world, which is why things like minimum wages, unions, consumer rights associations, etc; need to exist. A corporation will seek to extract the maximum profit margin, always. This only rarely aligns with what is adequate for the public good.


But, I don't disagree with this! I mean, you have to define what "works" means, but as long as we define it as "it generates wealth", then we're in agreement. What it doesn't do, however, is make that created wealth be moral, respectful of human rights, or done in a non-violent way, creating in its wake a peaceful and utopic society. To answer your previous question, the conditions have presented themselves whenever a government failed, or a group of people uprooted themselves to colonise uninhabited land. They found themselves in a land without a rule of law, so from then on 2 things happened: either they elected (or erected) a government to institute that, or it all devolved into crazy land. The American Frontier was a somewhat prosperous place economically (it's untrue that it was the richest, but when it was close it was so due to the exploitation of natural resources, I think you should be made aware of that), at the expense of hellish insecurity, and ultimately the impossibility for anyone except the strongest (and even in the literal sense) to prosper, while the rest, make no mistake about it, died hungry, sick, poor, or outright killed.
 &gt; Perhaps you don't understand it?
I do, but you've built this straw man person in front of you where apparently I'm for communism and against capitalism, when all I'm saying is that a democratically elected government is not the devil, nor the mafia, nor institutionalised slave traders as you've constructed in your mind in order to be able to "beat" me.


If you substituted "violent" with "violent only as a last resort" and "peacefully acting" with "criminals threatening to undo society (as happens in a lawless world, quite literally)", then sure; but otherwise you're just building a caricature in order to proselitise an ideology without a shred of empirical evidence (to put it mildly), or even a logical, coherent explanation of how the heck it would all work aside from "magic free market, and reasons". 


Oh sure, and it did within the bounds of a government when society deemed it so, by law, and with all the protections it offered. Now answer me, how would this have happened in an ancap country? Who would decide what's moral? How would consensus be reached? Who would enact it?


This is an asinine, hyperbolic, willfully intellectually dishonest, emotion-appealing, false equivalency. And misrepresenting what I've said at that. If you don't want to even discuss a capitalistic socialist government and take wealth redistribution out of the equation, a government is still **essential** to maintain a working civilization with a basic infrastructure. 
And my question still remains: if you haven't moved to Somalia or Congo, you're actively willingly participating, and supporting what you believe to be an atrociously violent, immoral, illegitimate government. Because the way I see it, there are 3 options here: Either you truly believe this and don't care to put your values above the comfort that your country provides (proving exactly how selfish we are as a species and why a government-less country can't possibly work), you've only recently discovered this ideology and are taking steps to move away as we speak (in which case, congratulations! you're putting your money where your mouth is, and away from your violent and disgusting government), or you don't truly believe the things you're saying and you understand that reality is a little less extreme than these 2 polarly-romanticised scenarios you say you divide the world you live in, and you plan to continue living there, using the democratic process to attempt to push your government a bit further towards your own personal beliefs (ie: the right), in which case I suggest you look into moving to the US, where a less restricted market can genuinely offer more opportunities for personal economic gain (at the expense of others, but who cares?). I lived there for a few months, and I couldn't tolerate a myriad of things that wouldn't fit in a whole book if I got down to it. It's a place where in some aspects (not always thankfully), money is definitely put before human lives, and it shows at all levels of interaction. 
I imagine for a Fin who hasn't experienced much of that, living in one of the most comfortable places in the world, and having not had to worry too much about many external factors that would influence with future opportunities (thanks to his government) it would be quite the culture shock, and it's an experience that I would wholly recommend to anyone seriously toying with these sorts of irrealistically abstract notions. Vacations don't count.
So which one is it?
@_date: 2015-06-09 17:05:34


Well, you can paint it that way as much as you like, but the reality is far from it, at least in the day-to-day life of people from first world countries. Yes, there are exceptions, and no, I don't deny them (nor the grave problem that arises when money is allowed to be mixed into politics, which you've bone-headedly repeated I was in denial about; but this would also open a new line of debate where precisely countries that politically lean to the right have historically higher levels of corruption, but that's besides the point when you're advocating for anarcho-capitalism); but at the end of the day the citizens of Europe (which includes the both of us) right now are enjoying the luxury of being in the safest place at the safest time than anywhere else in history, bar none. You drive a very hard argument to swallow when you invoke the ghosts of "violent oppressors", when faced with these simple facts. Especially as compared to historic periods that have very closely approached a state of anarcho-capitalism (and there are some modern-day examples even, as I've mentioned).
I don't know... I just don't feel this repugnance towards the judiciary system that you want me to feel when I know what rules they function under (the rule of law), and against whom it is used (criminals, which are the ones that really threaten society). It's also hyperbolic to refer to the prison system as [an inherently violent endeavour against pacific citizens]( particularly in places where social rehabilitation is primed over punitive measures (which, again, tend to coincide with countries aligning far more towards the left of the political spectrum; not to mention the differences in sheer numbers of prisoners as compared to more right-wing countries).
You can argue about violent suppression of protests, and I'd agree with you that it's a problem (without conceding that it's a systemic problem, mind you, certainly not against truly pacific protests), but then you'd be arguing more about anecdotes than true everyday problems.
I'm the first to agree that no government is perfect and that we should always aspire to better them, reduce corruption, curtail totalitarian-like measures made in the name of "security", and a long list of etceras, but I would still consider as extremely naive the notion that the "solution" to these problems rests in the complete dissolution of governments altogether. Or even a severe restriction of their services, a-là libertarian ideology. There is simply no way that these [magical market forces]( and well-intentioned corporations will be able to maintain a true equilibrium, comprehensive infrastructures, non-monopolies, and force companies to act in the interest of the common good without a central regulatory body. 
Because history has failed to show this emergent phenomenon anywhere where the conditions have been met. Perhaps you'd like to argue that the reason for this is because such a system needs to be planned in advance in order to work properly, but then I'd have to ask right back who would plan this and who would be in charge of enforcing these plans. And I don't know about you, but that starts to sound a whole lot like a government to me, which is actually the true common emergent phenomenon in all human civilizations.
@_date: 2015-06-07 13:26:07
You've just discredited this whole post, by displaying such shamelessly arrogant willful ignorance.
@_date: 2015-06-07 13:58:06
The whole of Europe.
@_date: 2015-06-07 13:24:21
It's an argument full of red-herrings, but it's easily rebutted.


In the US? It's pathetically low the number of programs/laws that make it function in any socialist way. This is ridiculous.


A simplistic description of politics that are far better represented by the right-wingers in the US, rather than the democrats. 


Redistribute, you mean? 


...And yet somehow this happens far less frequently in countries with a stronger social component. The problem isn't that the government recoups a ton of money (as a % of GDP, particularly from companies in a very socialist country); it's that lobbyism is a thing. In several countries such a thing doesn't even formally exist. Which is not to say that corruption can't happen, mind you, but empirically speaking it means far less lobbying than what's currently happening in the US, every day. So focus on removing money from politics. That's the solution to what's going on in the US.
@_date: 2015-12-30 21:54:25
Holy shit. You truly will not answer honestly or with substance, will you?
@_date: 2015-06-08 05:37:42
Oh trust me, I have. And I'm a scientist at that. You didn't provide "evidence" you linked to a shitty journalistic article that seeks to find controversy where there is none.
@_date: 2015-12-12 18:46:31
Holy shit. 
@_date: 2014-10-17 14:54:29


Holy shit you've shone a light on the crooked world of capital investments. I think I'm missing something here, because I don't see any possible rationale for how this would make sense. An investor takes a risk, for great reward if the company succeeds. Now you're telling me they also get dibs on the scraps if it fails? Why should they have more priority than customers who didn't sign up for any kind of risk, but are instead supposed to have bought a finished and functional product?
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:06:49


How is a conditional sentence facile, let alone tautological?


Now who's being simplistic? No, what you describe isn't the only way to troll.


I won't pretend to know what you're like in general, but your behaviour in this thread is quite trollish. There are so many times you can argue "this is a solution looking for a problem, lol" before it stops being considered "a reasonable way". That you lace it all up with "neckbeard" jokes and all-around sardonic/ironic unpleseantness, makes one really question the honesty of it as well. I've yet to see from you in this thread an honest, reasonable, and adult comment.
So excuse me if you are offended by the term, but you most certainly [are fitting the definition](
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:42:13
While I love the effort of text secure,  I don't really understand it. If you really cared about privacy then surely you shouldn't be uing texts anyways. 
Can someone help me understand? 
@_date: 2014-02-10 12:04:27
Well, a desktop calculator doesn't get any viruses ever either, but then it's not very useful except for basic arithmetic operations, is it?
@_date: 2014-05-07 19:16:44
I yearn for the day when, upon finding points which they can't rationally counteract, someone I'm debating with stops to think about their position on the matter, rather than (at best) renouncing the discussion.
@_date: 2014-05-02 09:06:14
Gold isn't a ferromagnetic metal.
@_date: 2014-07-01 19:01:20
I'm interested in results and actual evidence, not in wishful thinking and betting. But it's a nice sentiment.
@_date: 2014-05-07 06:38:32
This is actually false. You can choose not to use those services, and you won't be charged. Hell, there are instances where not only you wouldn't be charged by still using the services, but where you'd receive payment if you needed it.
If you choose not to use the government infrastructure to conduct business, you won't owe taxes to anybody. 
I get you're trying to convey a narrative here, but it's a false one.
@_date: 2014-01-03 22:29:46
Listen, argue all you want, but I told you what I think is a pretty objective assesment of your comments on this thread. You can choose to (pointlessly) try and convince me  otherwise(and delude yourself)  , or you can take a step back and realise how you actually come across.
As I said, I don't care about the rest of your comment history or you as a person.
@_date: 2014-05-08 08:29:35
All right, I'll respond then. This would not be a preferable system, from a social justice PoV, simply because one of the (many) jobs of the government is to try to balance the effects of luck. For instance, a person born with cerebral palsy will have not many job options, so they will not be able to have a very high-paying job, while needing quite a lot of medical services. This is but one example out of very many that I'm sure you can come up with yourself. What you're arguing for is a "public privatisation" of all government services, but ultimately many of the services a government provides couldn't realistically be provided on a "as needed" basis (let alone a for-profit one). 
Secondly (and grossly ignoring the first point, which is the main one), I'm not sure you realise the kind of complexity such a system would entail. How would you determine what services you're charged for? Say you just want to get healthcare, but then you'd need the roads for the ambulance to take you to the hospital. And so on and so forth. I'm sure you can imagine all the ramifications as well. The point is, there are no "isolated" services, as all of them build on top of one another to form a cohesive functioning society. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 15:42:03
Isn't fractional reserve banking basically what he's describing? Not very many modern banks actually have all the money their customers' balances total. They loan out a huge chunk of it, and profit from that.
But in response to the question from OP, the answer right now is "nothing". Once exchanges are regulated, though... Supposedly the law would prevent that.
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:30:27
Wait what? Get your own 3D printer; nowadays they can be gotten for as little as €700, and the plastic filament is dirt cheap (probably less than an euro per case, according to my guesstimate).
700€ might be a lot for a student, but my brother got one (and engineer PhD candidate), purely for fun, so surely you can come up with sonething.
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:38:29
Absolutely. Bare in mind that the cheaper printers would render slightly roughly-finished results which would require some external sanding (purely a cosmetic thing),  but the university thing sounds like a plan, or even getting together with some friends to buy one together. It shouldn't be hard to convince people, they're truly immensely fun. 
Also, crowdfunding, if you decide on going all-out with your commercial plans. Very low-risk for all parties involved.
@_date: 2014-05-08 08:00:29


Uhm, no, not to the same extent at all. Regardless, I'm not sure I'd call many of those "governments" so. Most of them are more akin to little kingdoms or feuds that constantly get upturned.


Now this is just wishful thinking.


You don't seem to, as to seem to believe that such development could come to be without a government.


It is when the underdevelopnedness is a direct result of not having had an efficient government. I realise it's impossible to prove a negative, but an absense of evidence **does** give one pointers. Explain to me, then, why in all the history of humanity, there isn't a single example of a civilisation that has fluorished without some form or government, or why, although I'll fully admit this isn't the ideal state of affairs, those that progressed at the most astonishing rates did so under close to totalitarian ones?
@_date: 2014-10-10 13:43:35
If you don't have the humility to take a good at your actions and understand **why** you're getting so much flak over "this innocent choice of random data",  I'm afraid we'll always be wary about you, no matter how many times you apologise and how heartfelt they seem. (Normal) people don't crave conflict, luke. You need to realise this, to firstly understand that this isn't simply "people being stupid and pissy and raising hell over nothing", and secondly to try and find out why it is that, at least within the confines of your work in the gentoo and bitcoin communities, you're very often the one creating conflict, even, apparently, when you're not completely aware that you are.
Good luck, and I do wish you'll learn from this (skeptic as I am).
@_date: 2014-07-01 15:49:50
If you seriously believe that as of today BTC has any real hope of becoming the world's reserve currency, you are dluding yourself.
I get you are rooting for bitcoin to succeed (so am I), but saying this is "hilarious" is ridiculous, as no suh thing is happening really.
@_date: 2014-06-12 17:40:54
Well, I don't know what on earth I said to make you so angry as to make you go from someone who calmly wanted to debate this, to sardonally punctualising every point with a personal insult. I don't want to speculate as to the reasons for this, but sadly in the past the people that I've seen exhibit this behaviour have turned out not to have a  solid backing for their claims, being the idealism that fueled their passionate words. That said, I'll continue responding this one time or else run the risk of you thinking these are valid arguments.


Please don't confuse exposure and extrapolation with speculation, as they're wildly different things. I'm merely giving examples of the few examples we have in the world to illustrate my points. 


If you believe so, I hope you can rebate any of those points that you believe to be incorrect. And with a cursory overlook over the rest of your comment, I'm not too hopeful, but let's go ahead. I'm also well aware that none of these instances is an example of a pure "free market", but given that such a thing  doesn't exist anywhere in the world excepting perhaps Zimbabwe, I don't believe choosing the "most free" amongst them to illustrate the points is an unapt comparison. Unless you want to make the case that the free market is an "all or nothing" business. But if that's the case, again, we'd have to resort to debating on the state of affairs of those industries in Zimbabwe.


Would you care to point out which of those **first world** countries don't have some form of universal healthcare coverage? I understand there are other countries that don't have it, but to compare a first world nation with one that has the GDP of your average farm would seem idiotic a priori.


I think you got confused. My main point regarding healthcare in the US is that's awfully inefficient, not that it was the only one. The fact that it's the only one in the first world is a sad state of affairs in the human rights department, no doubt, but is otherwise of no consequence to my point.


Indeed it is heavily regulated, and even more so with the "obamacare" business. This is a good thing. Want to know why? Because 5 years ago, people with chronic illnesses simply weren't picked up by insurance companies, being forced to choose between a) financial ruin by financing their own healthcare or b) letting their condition go untreated. This is but one example of what's wrong with an industry whose objective is to make money over actually providing the service they're supposed to provide. Funnily this is also one situation that I don't think you could explain away with the regulation that the industry was subject to at the time, or that you could claim would be somehow solved by "liberating" the industry, arguably the most important one to be regulated. I understand it was never "completely free" to begin with, but it **is** the "most free" we have to draw conclusions on. The equivalent in other countries just functions that much more efficiently and is subject to that much more regulation. 


I said **higher** education. Not that lower education isn't a mess as well, but that one **is** controlled by the government. I'm confused, though, as to in what universe do you conflate the ability to unionise with = more regulation.


Do you have any sources that compare the total costs of toll roads with those built and maintained by the government? Now, I don't know about private fire departments (would love some reading material on that as well), but as I understand it there's not a single private security agency that has taken up the role of the police force in any particular city, let alone at a lower cost. Because when I lived in the US I saw my father contract private security for some events, and it's no cheap service. But again, I'm open to information.


I'll gladly provide as much evidence as is at our disposal, but it's impossible to do so when you wave entire arguments without going into them with the phrase "but it's not really a free market!". Perhaps the most concrete and sound evidence we'll have to debate on is the unexplainable failure of the free Market in Zimbabwe to come up with these super favourable and utopic industries on their own? But aside from that, feel free to provide your evidence as well. As it stands, debating etiquette demands that the burden of proof be on the claiming parties, and you're claiming how everything would be so much better in a free market, while not providing any evidence for it (probably because such a thing doesn't exist outside of Zimbabwe).


What the shit? It is exactly the other way around! When the rest of the world provides those 2 services to its population (aka; owns said industries), that's not being "less regulated". Are you sure you know what you're talking about?


Well, I have to say between your last phrase and this one, I'm thoroughly disappointed, in that I now realise just how ignorant on these matters you are. Regardless [here's an example for the EPA]( and while I couldn't find one for the FDA, it's common knowledge enough  that I'm baffled (take transgenics and their legal status for human consumption in the EU vs the US) you seriously don't believe this. European regulations are regularly far stricter than those in the US.


Not quite. I'm taking a somewhat regulated industry, comparing it to even more heavily regulated industries, and comparing the differences. Yes, I'm attributing the differences in results to the difference in regulations, and I'm also extrapolating that less regulation = shittier outcomes, and I don't think I'm insane to do so. If you alternative interpretations on it, particularly given that you're the one defending a system that at this point is theoretical or nonexistent, be my guest, but otherwise I've seen you bring no evidence forth to convince anyone.


I'm generally curious as to whether you really understand or not what I actually said. Let me repeat it again, but slower: back when clean energy was (and still is for the most part, only some parts of it are becoming cheaper) not economically competitive with fossil fuels, **only** countries with more regulation on this matter invested heavily in them, and made them part of their infrastructure. And that's how, today, while the US relies on fossil fuels for the undisputed absolute majority of its energy needs, countries like Denmark are on track to become practically renewables-only in the next decades. Why do you think things like fracking continue to go on in the US, despite the proven horrific environmental impact? Let's simplify further: In a loosely regulated country, the industry follows the paths of least (economic) resistance, **even when** that path is clearly in detriment to the environment and the population. Get it now? I don't know what your point was in linking me to the Tesla website, but hopefully you understand how foolish yu just sounded.


Because **this isn't happening**, and hasn't happened historically either. As I just explained, the US is a monstruous pollutor precisely because it's not as tightly regulated. Compare to Europe = more regulation = cleaner energy. China: even less regulation (than the US) = pollution carcinogenic hellhole. 


Well, beliefs are awesome and all that, but they're empty and meaningless unless backed by the evidence. I just (and in my last comment as well, but you simply waved it all away with straw men) put forth a lot of it, now you do the same. And at the very least clarify on earth you mean by "worthwhile service" so that I may bring my own evidence forth.
@_date: 2014-01-05 23:55:29
Both dudes seem to simply be warning you against adding yet another complexity layer if linux is something you're not familiar with, and **not** saying that linux is problematic or less secure  for bitcoin per-se. In that sense, I'd mostly agree with them.
But having seen what the average user's windows machine contains in terms of malware, I definitely think it's worth it to try and educate yourself to creste 100% safe paper wallets. It shouldn't even need to be that hard, if we were talking, for instance, of an offline machine running a live-cd linux distro, unto which you connected a thumb-drive containing the html of the site suggested by the first dude, and creating the wallets like that.
Now, actually setting-up a whole linux system from where to admin all of your bitcoins is a different issue, and, albeit not that much harder, definitely would require you being much more comfortable using linux as an everyday OS. Butbthe solution to that is as simple as setting a computer up with linux, and starting to get comfortable with it.
@_date: 2014-01-16 11:35:32
Admittedly IANAL, and although I agree with the general notion of what you're saying (or at least agree that it should be like that), the reality is that if things like the iphone "user experience" (or interface, or whatever the Samsung legal war was about) can be patented, pretty much anything should be able to.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:53:59
Slippery slope fallacy AND a ridiculous comparison. No, no; I'm sure burning a cotton bra has the exact same environmental impact of removing a phone months or years from circulation, and potentially leaking lithium onto the environment.
@_date: 2014-03-06 07:00:25
Indeed, I agree.
@_date: 2014-05-07 10:36:04


Uhm, source? Oh, you mean they're not **actively** being genocided now, OK; I get that, and I agree. But it still is a land with no law where you can very realistically get killed for giving the wrong person a funny look. And **that** is certainly only caused by a lack of a functioning government.
If 20 years isn't enough to disprove your utopian fantasy of a peaceful and comfortable pure anarchy, then feel free to move there and continue for another 20 years, and see if that helps.
A debate cannot be a debate when you so off-handedly disprove the little evidence you have for what happens when things go "your way" on the basis that you don't like it. It's asinine.
@_date: 2014-05-07 04:52:12


Since you're not debating on your own now, tell me then where has Rand deminstrated that this sort of thing is indeed practicable?
I am plenty familiar with her work, and let's just say there's a reason it's an author only read taken seriously by a very speicIfic demographic: american college freshmen.
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:34:13


I think I understand bitcoin fairly well, but this escapes me  so please have  some patience with me. I have 2 questions:
1) what does the NFC do right now?, and
2) how exactly would the offline transaction work? Would the phone send the private key of the wallet where the money is and a public address for the change, or what? I'm very confused, so surely this can't be it.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:03:32
Uh... am I missing something? You're the one declaring everyone an imbecile and yourself to be the only bearer of truth. Furthermore, when you're utterly unable to produce even a halfwit-worthy source on your claims (and even better, when your own source contradicts your claims), then it must follow that **I** am hopeless?
Honestly, dude, I'm not one to diagnose over the internet, but surely you have some problems with at least your own perceptions in relation to the rest of the world.
@_date: 2014-03-19 22:32:52
I'm sorry dude, but you're not arguing very logically or rationally when your argument for not arguing is an ad-hominem. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:56:05
Oh, awesome, thanks!
Also, a minimal suggestion for the final device. Make the power input an USB-micro, if the power requirements are enough; that'd make supporting them (and eve powering them, in some cases!) infinitely easier. It'd also allow you to sell them without a power source (or a 2 dollar one), a-lá raspberry pi.
@_date: 2014-05-23 18:46:24
Actually it is "send us a signed message of your [...] wallet".
@_date: 2014-07-02 21:38:02
I actually commend you for recognising your mistake. Something I haven't seen anyone in this sub do before.
@_date: 2014-01-03 09:52:24
But not compared to accepting CCs (which all bars do).
@_date: 2014-01-03 22:33:52
Awesome straw man there. No really, it's as if you're responding to a completely different comment. 
And BTW, serially downvoting me doesn't make me wrong, you know that, right?
@_date: 2014-01-03 16:55:23
Again, anecdotal. I've had CC modules simply refuse to work at all. If it works well 99.999% of the time, it works.
@_date: 2014-06-12 11:35:55
I don't like to repeat myself, but honestly, this is just another empty response. Allow me the liberty to paraphrase: "You're too narrow minded because you don't accept the 'explanation' that things would fix themselves like I say they will; but don't ask exactly *how* they will be fixed because honestly I'm not an expert so I don't know".
I'm sorry, but this is just not valid in any serious debate.
@_date: 2014-01-03 06:40:48
They don't need to promote anything, just not blocking people from using financial services (protected by law, at least in my country) for non-illegal things.
A bank's moral code or whatever should have no bearing on which clients they choose to block. If it is MY money, they have no right to prevent me from using it as I see fit. This is a notion that I'm surprised not many people see very clearly.
@_date: 2014-06-13 11:23:29


No, that's not to say I know nothing about it. As a corollary, though, how many books have you read about actual economics? Would you say I need to read "literature" on UFO abductions to decide that it's looney? I had a perfectly good grasp on evolution and its mechanisms before I ever read on the Origin of Species. Keep playing rightful indignation, it actually suits you. But it won't take away from the fact that you've been (and continue to be) unable to answer some very simple questions regarding the inconsistencies of your ideals, and that you're wrong on such simple facts that I'd hold them to be common knowledge.


WTS? Listen I mean no offense here, but do you often have difficulty with reading comprehension? This isn't the first time this has happened. I was commenting (sarcastically) on the fact that historically there never have been stateless civilisations, and that an oppresive state has not been a problem in the past for a citizenry to revolt against it.


This downright dangerous. And I'm not kidding. You thinking that out what is a moral matter (and thusly by definition never having an objective answer), your **opinion** on it is a *fact*. 


The funny thing is, I completely agree with this sentiment, but, again, this is not the same as anarcho-capitalism. Going from "most of the current world governments make an incorrect and probably corrupt use of the control they have over the money" to "the whole of the state must go because it makes matters all the worse" is a **huge** leap in logic. And amusingly, the same kind of derivation of conclusions that you so angrily accuse me of.


This is funny considering that from this account I don't think I've ever commented on or any related subs. Are you sure you're not making this stuff up? Regardless of the creepy factor, good on you for being able to derive such conclusions from comments made on the internet.


Continuing along t he same lines, wouldn't this make it trivially easy for you to defeat any of my arguments? Somehow your display of superiority doesn't translate to the facts. But if you've read a lot of my comment history, surely you know by now that ad-hominem arguments are not only something that I face repeatedly, but also something that neither fazes me, and certainly doesn't derail my points.


You're sure of this, are you? Without answering this, let's say I am...


Actually, if you've read any amount of philosphy, including from those who part from a theistic PoV, you'll realise that surprisingly little of their actual philosophical work is supported on theistic claims. In that sense, I'm going to have to dissapoint you and say that no, I don't fancy I can singlehandedly and mindlessly wave their arguments away, as long as they don't make axiomatic claims to support them (like the existence of a god). I could try and counte them point by point if I found myself disagreeing with them, though.


Because "mine" isn't so; it's the very much alive and well studied and debated field of economics. Waving them away without a second thought (and certainly without having studied it and found why it's the accepted view in academia) only speaks about narcissistic foolishness.


You continue to repeat this, and yet...


As I said, it is not. And I don't like to repeat myself. But I absolutely understand how it's much more comfortable for you (in that it reduces your cognitive dissonance) to just continue to believe that in spite of what I actually say, and to think I'm a fool who hasn't thought through the implications of all these matters (while ironically being you the one to hold authoritarian and axiomatic premises without justifiying or evidencing them). I'm a psychiatrist, but even I can't help you see what you don't want to for yourself.


Ahh, yes, yes. Everyone else is an idiot, even (or especially) those who dare to question you; and they're even more idiotic for questioning you because obviously they don't deserve an answer. This sounds likely. But aside from its borderline delusional nature, this is quite the ironic stance coming from someone who hates with all his guts anything shaving to do with "illegitimate", or ultimately "self-appointed" authority.
I won't even insist on the things you fail to address, because fun as it is to me seeing your gears churning, trying to supress and deny the reality of the tsunamis of cognitive dissonance that threaten the shores of your mind, there's just a point of diminishing returns, you know, and I think I've reached it. Long gone is the hope of getting a self-coherent argument from you, who cites an immense boredom and tire towards debate, and expresses that by continuing to repeat it over and over and over again in posts probably longer than the debate itself would have been. 
You go and have yourself a good day.
@_date: 2014-01-03 12:33:10
There is no necessity for waiting for a transaction to confirm with such small amounts, as it is expected that the effort required to attempt a double-spending attack vastly surpasses the sub-$100 tab you are to pay. In this regard, confirmation of payment is distributed around the network in a sub-5s timeframe.


Actually credit cards are vastly inferior in this regard, in that they're heavily supportive of the end user. Not only will they refuse to pay the establishment if the customer says it was a false charge (pending an investigation), but they also charge (relatively) large fees for the benefit of the service.


If *what* happens? an attempt at a double-spending attack? How would that even happen in the context of a bar? **Why** would that happen? It's vastly easier to falsely claim a charge as fraudulent, and it's not done frequently for the same reasons: it's not worth it for small amounts. For amounts that might start to get you worried (say, buying a huge TV or something), waiting for a couple of blocks shouldn't be a major hassle, and vastly less risky. 


Neither does a credit card, but it's accepted everywhere because some people vastly prefer its convenience to that of cash.
Now, I'm not saying intermediaries won't happen, or that the process couldn't be even more straightforward, but my point is that even the raw exchange of bitcoins is a straightforward enough process for it to be competitive.
@_date: 2014-06-05 08:03:43
Well, the thing is, Bitcoin is actually money... or at the very least it's something you put money into. So if you're not willing to due your due diligence to safeguard it, things are likely to end up badly.
Coinbase is a nice enough company, I'm sure. But it's importan to note that it's **not** a bank. It isn't regulated like one, and your funds aren't insured either privately or by the government, like they are with banks. And while being US based you can be reasonably sure they can get sued if they run off with your money, you can't be assured you'd get you money back.
In that sense, I believe it to be fundamentally stupid to see it as a viable store of your value. We're used to not give two fucks about security with our banks, and that's fine because ultimately they run with all the risk and your money is insured. With an online wallet/exchange, you don't have that. You can't just call them up and say "hey my computer had a virus/my password that was written on a piece of paper got stolen and now my funds are gone, I want it back". With a bank you can, but not with one of these places. And this is even assuming they don't go bankrupt or run off with the money to some foreign country (which come to think of it, is ridiculously easy with bitcoin). 
So if you say that speding literally one hour to read [all there is to know ]( about creating an encrypted and secure paper wallet is "too much", then I'd say "I hope you're comfortable with losing whatever amount you've put into bitcoin".
It's not for the tech-illiterate, you're right, and right now unfortunately it can't possibly be. This will only get better if/when banks start offering accounts denominated in bitcoins, so that they can run with all the risk/security of it. But that isn't an excuse to throw caution in the wind, because the risks are **very** real, and jut ignoring them won't make them go away. And this isn't some paranoid conspiracy theory either.
If, however, you're willing to run the risk of keeping your funds in such a webwallet, I'd argue that it'd be far more secure to just create the encrypted paper wallet online with your regular OS. Won't be as secure as doing it right, but at least the window for attack is small enough (just the time of creation) that it might just be "good enough".
Imagine if back in the day a gold miner said "well fuck all the noise, keeping my gold under my bed is secure enough for me. Securing it right is just too damn hard". Because this is what this is, make no mistake about it.
@_date: 2014-05-07 09:54:55


How is life dangerous in any western european country, if you don't mind my asking? Not only as compared to a government-less country, but also to the US (which, as I'm sure you agree, has a far smaller government that any european one, relatively speaking)?
That said, if we can agree to go from here from the premise that a government **is** necessary, how would that fit with the notion of not wanting to be forced to pay taxes?
@_date: 2014-06-12 10:01:04
Thanks for taking the time to detail this.
I personally believe a) is impossible, based on the limited experience we have with how "the free market" truly works when it's allowed to. 
There are some basic services that require centralisation in order to work efficiently. Healthcare is the first one that comes to mind, and it's trivially easy to show why: The US is virtually the only first world country without a public universal healthcare option. It's also the country that, without better health outcomes, spends the most of its GDP on healthcare, by a factor of more than two over the second highest-spender on that list. Now, of course correlation doesn't mean causality, but in this case I think it is evident this is the case. When health is considered a business, it's obvious that the most money will be sought to be extracted out of it. And also because a similar thing happens with higher education in the US. A coincidence? could be, but it's highly, highly unlikely. It goes without saying that I believe a similar thing would happen regarding the rest of governmental services: roads, police, fire departments. Right now the US "can afford" to pay for those 2 very expensive services because its GDP is enormous, but it's clear it's an unsustainable system. The rich receive very good healthcare, but the middle class (not to mention the poor), are routinely given second-class service, and isn't the biggest bankrupcy cause due to health bills? The third being student loans, if I'm not mistaken. I don't know if this is a price one should be willing to pay as a society for those services. And these are only 2 services that for historical reasons the US is doing differently than the rest of the world.
Let's keep with the evidence regarding free markets and services. Let's take mobile phone costs. How much is the lowest phone contract you can get that has usable minutes and internet? Care to compare them with those of Europe? What do you think the difference is? Well, the US regulates much less on those industries, by some economic irony making competition much harder, in effect seeing a tendency towards monopolisation. How about internet bills? How much do you reckon you'd need to pay for, say, a pretty standard 50mbps fiber connection assuming you don't have the luck to live next to the googleplex? This is what "the free market" actually does in reality, contrary to the very hopeful ideologies of pure capitalism. 
And then we have the less direct services the government provides. Regulations, for one. What would you do without, say, the FDA? The EPA? Given that by international standards, those agencies are pretty liberal with industries and businesses, you see things like the kind of pollution the US experiences (as compared to other first world countries), the percentages of energy production that's done with renewable energies, etc. Yes, there are a few enterprises that seek to do clean energy without government intervention, but this didn't start to happen until clean energy actually became competitive economically with fossil fuels. Is this what the future should hold for us? No long-term plans? No evironmental legislation? Do you seriously believe that with less regulation energy industries would tend towards providing cleaner energy if it isn't cheaper? Do you not believe these are worthwhile services the government provides?
And then of course there's the wealth redistribution thing. By your political standing I realise you're not going to agree here, and may even believe than given complete liberty the people would be able to fill all wellfare's services through voluntary charities. But experience shows this is not the case. In the US charity donations are indeed amongst the highest in the world, but then again, the poverty prevalences are dismal as compared to the rest of the first world. Could it be that in those other countries welfare is seen as just another government service, and one that's done far more efficiently?
And finally, do you not see the dangers of progressive and inexorable wealth concentration? This is one point where all (serious) economic schools agree in that it's an undesirable thing, and the main cause for economic shrinkage and stagnation. Without a government that compulsorily taxes corporations and individuals that tend to accumulate wealth, what would happen in such a scenario? It is likely that you'll defend the notion that people who earn money ought to be able to keep it, but ever since the last century at least we've known that "hard work" isn't even nearly the way most 1%ers make their money, but rather throught a life of self-perpetuating privilege and off-the-charts opportunities. Surely this ought to ring some "societal justice" alarms in your head. What would the solution be in such a case?
@_date: 2014-05-22 14:30:35
Read my other post in response to OP. The late heavy bombardment period didn't mean "a few asteroids hitting on acciden here and there". It meant millions of years of, well, **heavy** bombardment with millions upon millions of asteroids to the point where every square centimetre on earth was hit many times over. And even **then** it required geological processes to concentrate it along tectonic rifts and limits for us to be able to extract it. There's still a lot of gold right here on the crust. It's just so ridiculously distributed (on the order of parts per million), that it's not feasible to extract it. What sense does it make to go after an asteroid for gold with a presumably similar distribution of gold? Not unless it's a veritable planetoid which we can destroy to get at its core. But at that point our technology should be able to a) extract that from our own planet, or b) create it from scratch in fusion reactors.
It just doesn't add up. You are ignoring the sheer scarcity of gold in the universe.
@_date: 2014-01-15 22:40:45
Aside from this being tied to a coinkite account, which seems like an unnecesary pain (yes, even if it has the option to pay out to any address, they're extra steps your average merchant may or may not prefer/want/know how to deal with), it just seems like a far clunkier, and most inadequately, separate unit from your existing PoS system.
OP's unit seems quite far more refined and straightforward to use, requiring literally no extra steps involved to accept BTC. It just plugs into the register, and it becomes another option (using standard protocols, as good solutions do!). Of course it doesn't have all the options and possibilities CK's does, but then again, should a PoS device aspire to be an actual wallet? I don't see the need, at all.
And most importantly, OP's unit seems like it would be ridiculously cheap to make, even in small-enough-to-be-assembled-from-his-home volumes. Potentially even in the 2-figure range (with some adequate parts choice decisions). When the CC companies mostly subsidise their machines, who'd want to spend hundreds of dollars just to accept this new-fangled and yet unproven currency?
@_date: 2014-01-03 18:08:44


At &lt;5 seconds, I don't see how, again, hence my question regarding your personal experience with BTC.
@_date: 2014-06-05 09:27:32
Probably when banks accept accounts denominated in BTC. Bitcoin is hard, there's no way around it, it's a technical protocol on whose cryptography its security is based. Dealing with raw bitcoins will never be easier (probably), but you can leave the technical stuff to trusted entities provided they're actually insured and accountable for them (with government regulation, the way banks are).
@_date: 2014-01-16 11:56:53
You're reffering to prior art, but as I'm sure anyone is aware of, this requires a costly trial to boot, and is also not always conceded.
And he did invent this particular implementation, as, AFAIK, nobody has done it before.
You could otherwise similarly argue that nobody "invented bitcoin" because they didn't invent cryptography, of which bitcoin is merely an implementation of. And math before cryptography. And so on.
@_date: 2014-03-06 06:13:35
I get what you're generally trying to say and I agree, but really, we need to stop the hyperbole in both directions. Some people do indeed develop an addiction to MJ. It'd be absurd to say that it's more addictive than heroin, granted, but denying it is just as misleading.
Alcohol is addictive as well, and it's legal. No need to lie or delude ourselves on that front.
@_date: 2014-06-12 23:20:35


And herein lies the issue. There's just no such thing. So called "anarcho-cspitslism" isn't but a couple of dudes writing a couple of essays and a book, getting in a piss fight with Ayn Rand (ironic given how similar and even complementary their philosophies are), and calling it a day. There's no serious economic school studying it. There's certainly no university teaching it. It's a bunch of incoherent and inconsistent ideas that not only defeat each other, but that are also readily disproven with what evidence we have about the world.
So I'm sorry, but you deferring your answer to "go study it" is not only a cop-out, but also absurd. That fact that you can't even succesfully counter a fraction of the secondary arguments I made in an internet comment in about half an hour should give you a clue as to the nature of what it is you're evangelising about (actually evangelising isn't the right word, since you can't even hold up to questions and clarifications, contrary to your average parishioner).
The thing that saddens me the most is that I know that at some point someone is going to make a smear campaign about bitcoin, and they're going to do it by associating you lot with it, and that'll be pretty effective. Not that you're not doing it yourselves already with these sorts of posts and comments shutting out debates about real concerns for the future adoption of bitcoin with "shutup and believe everything will be fixed by itself". Ugh.


Even if it were, even sadder is that you weren't able to address even *that*. Did you even seek out the data for private toll roads vs publicly built and maintained ones? Please do, even if you don't reply anymore. That'll give you something to think about.
@_date: 2014-05-06 22:09:57
Uh I'll take them. Would a message signed with one of  my private keys suffice?
@_date: 2014-01-03 18:23:45
You didn't answer the question.
@_date: 2014-03-06 06:26:45


I have seriously never, ever had a tx take more than 7s or so to show up. I can see how this could happen in the case of very poorly connected nodes, or the PoS system having a shitty gprs connection to a shittily-designed custom-built light client, but otherwise.... No.
Could anyone confirm that transactions have taken "up to several minutes" to show up for you?
@_date: 2014-01-03 11:05:18
It might. Non-experimental research is always tricky like that. But to the best of my knowledge, IIRC, every effort has been taken to rule out confounding factors as the effectors of the rates differences (higher vitamins contents in fruit-rich diets, etc).
@_date: 2014-05-07 14:58:09


I'm afraid I don't understand what your point here is.


Yes, which in turn run in government infrastructure in big chunks of it... Which is why they also pay taxes in return. Make no mistake, the internet as you know it today wouldn't be possible without the government. Not only for its infrastructure but for its legislation as well. i bet you pay under 40€ a month for supra 50mbps connections. Want to know what a "freer market" looks like? Go ask any american.


So what you're saying is, it actually **does** come down to comfort and convenience. You're outraged over your "overstepping government", but it'd be just be too much effort to go live outside it. I think this is a very convenient way to be outraged... And lucky you to be able to do it.
Again, why not move somewhere else? If Congo is too frightening for you (and it damned well should be), I urge you to not just travel (one can't really appreciate what being in other places is by spending a few days there with an external source of income), why don't you take a sabbatical year, and move somewhere with a small government? Say, India, or a latin american country that doesn't have a quasi totalitarian regime? Then perhaps you'll get to experience what living without laws is. And how, puzzlingly as it may be, getting a medical insurance is so prohibitively expensive that it's just not feasible for all the population (i'll get into it a bit later). Perhaps then you'll learn that the small innefficiencies your government has (spending a few million € in culture, god forbid!) are but a drop in the sea of everything generally working smoothly, and at any rate fixable via the simple democratic process.


My mistake, I do apologise, altough the point is absolutely still valid.


Well of course not; your taxes do far more than just pay for healthcare. Funny story about private medicine in Europe, it's not a complete system. The prices you have to pay for them are only possible because they rely on the public system. Don't believe me? Go to your private GP, see if you can get a prescription for a moderately expensive medicine. Then you have 2 options: either pay the full price (you'd be surprised as to how much even rather old and simole medications like antidepressants cost), or have your clever private GP suggest you go to his public counteroart to prescribe it and have it be subsidised. What about surgeries? First, you have to make sure what you need is covered (do you actually know what is covered?). And of course having cataracts and arthritic knees and GERDy stomachs being operated on without much waiting lists is awesome, but do you know what happens when you get an awful complication and become septic? You get transferred to the public hospital. You inadvertently lost a lot of blood and need to stay at the ICU? Get transferred to the public hospital. You need an actually important surgery like a very specific valve replacement? Or god forbid, get a &gt;stage II whatever cancer and need a combination of very specialised surgery and very expensive chemotherapy for months on end? The private clinic can't even do that, you need to go to the public hospital. I'm a doctor in another european country, and I've worked in both settings, and while I won't say the private option is bad or anything, pretending they do anything even resembling the public healthcare system at those prices is delusional. Speaking of delusions, do you know how many days you're covered for for psychiatric hospitalisation per year? I'd be very surprised if it were more than 60. Find out, and then ask them how much a policy would cost that covered you for unlimited days. Please do, and realise that the public healthcare system is the "just in case" of your "just in case" reasonably cheap private insurance.


Are you actually familiar with your countries' annual budget? Care to share it and detail exactly which of those things you consider to be "bullshit" and why (a general overview breakdown would suffice)?
Let me state again, I've actually lived in small-government countries. Please don't take offense at this, but diatribes like yours just sound like spoilt  child tantrums to people like me.
@_date: 2014-06-13 05:50:31


Oh, sorry, my bad. Make that 3 books. [And an institute]( which totally establishes and legitimises it as an actual discipline. I've yet to see it imparted at any university as a part of an economics degree, though. Was I wrong in that?


Except for the striking similarity between the way you chose to end the debate and the ten thousand times I've tried to have this debate in serious fashion before. Oh yeah, I'm no stranger to It could a coincidence, no doubt, but when even the rabid pro-gun crowd is far more readily willing to debate the core of their beliefs than you, you have to think things over. 


If you were I'd expect any of the thousands of somewhat succesful civilisations that've existed since man started living in communities to have tried it out at least once. You keep hoping, I'll keep trying to find solutions to real problems in the real world.


Uhm, no? Cryptocurrencies didn't stem from, and certainly won't legitimise anarcho-capitalism. Are you trying to do a preemptive reverse no true scotsman argument? That's creative.


Yes, yes you were. What I didn't know was that to continue to hold your interest I needed to unquestionably accept your flawed premises.


I guess we'll see about that, won't we? Of course I disagree, but I have to know, what will your reaction be when cryptocurrencies are widely accepted but states fail to "crumble under the weight of the evil that is their fantasy of authority as the mindless sheeple wake up from their millenary slumber"?


Holy shit. I didn't quite put my finger on it yet, but it seems I might have unknowingly stepped into some serious delusional shit here.


I'm not trying to shame you for anything else other than a) your ignorance on basic facts about the world (especially for someone who fancies himself an expert in politics and economics), and relatedly, b) your inability/unwillingness to hold a coherent argument in a formal debate. I mean, you did try for a couple of comments, but biy was it sad.


I see you didn't, then. Can't say I'm surprised. One day I'll meet one of you willing to educate themselves, if for the sheer crazyness of it, and I'll be stoked.  And good job at comparing your delusuional view of a never-to-come future to slavery abolition. That's not a fallacious analogy at all.
@_date: 2014-05-23 23:42:26
So don't trade it. The rest of us want it to be adopted as a curremcy, not a speculatory option.
@_date: 2014-05-22 11:43:14


Indeed, which meant millions upon millions of asteroids hitting literally every single cm2 of earth's surface, which then required the geological processes to concentrate it further to yield the ridiculously small amounts of gold we have today. AKA: ridiculously small concentrations of gold indeed. Again, I'm quite skeptical that going after individual asteroids would yield us any kind of significative amounts of gold.
But I'm neither an astrophycist not a geologist, so I don't have any kind of data whatsoever to back this up. All I know is what I've put forth, combined with the fact that whenever I've read about anyone seriously proposing asteroid mining they've never mentioned gold.
I still feel your point is somewhat valid (platinum could become much more affordable), but in the very specific case of gold, I just think you simply picked a bad example.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:55:00
Buying an average of 5 apps is incomparable to the profit margins they have on their hardware.
@_date: 2014-04-28 14:58:03
Could a raspberry pi run it? I ask because it's the only machine that I run 24/7.
@_date: 2014-05-07 09:52:29


You said it yourself, it was a time of progress, but the living standards weren't actually higher than they are today, particularly taking into account the global economic economy (which is something that despite your best efforts you can't ignore: no country in the world can go back to the XIX century, and it's a good thing).


By all means, please lay out any sort of possible plan where a country can realitically function with much lower taxes or no taxes at all. Sounds a bit like a perpetual motion machine, I have to admit, but I'll listen.
@_date: 2014-05-02 23:10:11
[Actually I disagree with him]( Because he's wrong.
@_date: 2014-10-01 23:09:06
Will do, thanks! As you might have guessed mine is but a mildly informed opinion, as it's clear I have nothing to do with the field.
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:28:58
Will you be debating using actual reason, or will you continue referring me to other people's arguments?
I can plainly and very succintly eviscerate most of Rand's pseudophilosophy, but that's not what we're discussing here, is it? Could you provide a straight answer?
@_date: 2014-05-19 07:57:21
Can't it be both?
And with transactions being overwhelmingly things like satoshidice and whatnot, I'd be wary of assigning much value to just the number of them.
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:23:22
Except for the services they provide and such. What's naive is thinking that you'd be able to freely express you opinions on the internet from the safety of your home without it. Try doing that from the Congo.
@_date: 2014-03-06 11:57:11
How long? And under what circumstances? What kind of wallet were you using, a webwallet or a native one?
@_date: 2014-04-20 18:53:55


Haha oh wow, you're seriously resorting to hyperbole and nit-picking to "debate" this?


I think you're confused as to what the word "evidence" means. He provided evidence. What he didn't provide was unrefutable proof. But given the subject at hand, I don't think definitive proof is even possible. So there's only evidence. Evidence with which you don't agree, that's clear, but certainly a hell of a lot more than what you have provided, which is opinion. So come on, show us some evidence to further your own hypothesis. Just shooting down other people's evidence with opinions (and non-expert, at that), isn't how debates work at all.
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:06:40
Your first  statement can hold without a source. Your second one is hilariously at odds with the first, and decidedly cannot.
@_date: 2014-01-03 17:02:04
If it is a problem generated within and by the standard monetary syste, how is it a failure in the process of adopting bitcoin? Aside from it not being even nearly the only way to acquire bitcoins...
@_date: 2014-02-09 20:13:34
This is a rather good point. I personally think a letter would suffice (again, I think protesting should be about truly important issues), but at any rate, this is certainly not the idea OP had in mind, if you read his comments.
@_date: 2014-02-08 14:43:30
Honestly, Apple would listen far far more if you simply stopped buying their products. By begging for a particular bitcoin app, you're sending the message that you're willing tolive with A not-so-smart and restrictive phone (that you paid for, BTW!) for which you'll gladly renounce to have control over, **except** when they do something that particularly inconveniences you.
I really, really don't get this. Protesting in a formal way is supposed to be about defending rights and whatnot, but here's the thing: you never had these rights in the first place when you bought an apple product. The company doesn't want to give you what you want, so move on, like you do with any other product or service that doesn't fulfill your needs. It's not like there aren't any other (and in light of this, objectively better) alternatives out there.
It's great that you like apple products, I did so as well many years ago, but in the end they stopped catering to **my** needs as a consumer. In their  phones specifically, to me, their ~~reluctance~~ outright dismissal of hearing users' suggestions to add simple things like NFC chips, wireless charging, bigger screens, inter-operable (ie. Open -protocolled) media sharing (instead of airplay and such), or even a goddamned micro-usb port for charging, instead of their proprietary port that serves no other purpose than making sure you won't be able to charge your phone if you don't pay expensive and licensed chargers, just tells me  their whole business strategy (which isn't a bad one) is to create such a cult behind the brand,  that they no longer need to even innovate to assure high sales. So people buy, gladly, what are while potentially powerful computers, essentially just a walled garden of very limited capabilities, and which just forces you to use more of their services and buy more ofntheir products, in order to be seen in the street with an iphone.
So anyways, my question is, what isnso different about apple from other companies that makes you protest for one particular little issue that just happened to incovenience you a bit more than usual (but that is nowhere close to being out of character fornthis company), instead of just choosing to buy and use products that are far more adequate  for you as a consumer?
@_date: 2014-01-03 09:51:55
Which is still better than a proposed and untested idea.
@_date: 2014-02-20 07:29:37
If you think for a second that the reason wallets are banned from the App Store is because Apple wanted to protect their user base from potentially unknowingly engaging in illegal actions, I have this bridge to sell you...
@_date: 2014-03-01 09:24:22
Why not use a real wallet instead?
@_date: 2014-05-23 18:48:13
Why? This is the best case scenario in my mind.
@_date: 2014-07-05 17:09:56
This may just one of the most useful bots I've seen...
@_date: 2014-05-07 07:22:23
As I said, if you decide not to conduct business in your country (and by extension, not earn any money), you won't owe any taxes, no. And that is **despite** the fact that you might be utilising the services that you indeed pointed out.
Yes, seriously.
@_date: 2014-05-19 08:30:59
Oh, my mistake.
@_date: 2014-06-02 20:46:52
Is it now? To know that you might, perhaps, at some point in the future, be allowed to use **your** smartphone for the applications you want to?
I'm honestly not so surprised apple is (allowed to be) this restrictive. If they can manage to have customers as risk-taking and future-aware as bitcoiners still be loyal after years of not allowing them to do shit with bitcoins, I guess there's no boundary they can cross that'd result in a lessened adoption.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:11:13
Well, this certainly explains a lot.
@_date: 2014-03-12 06:12:41
Hmmm, when the block size limit is lifted, and the tx numbers wtart to pick up with an increase of real-world consumer transactions, it's more than likely that Moore's law won't be able to keep up. Not to mention, magnetic storage is almost at its theoretical limit, and it doesn't seem at all like solid-state is ready to replace it (which has a limit that isn't too far off either).
Proccesor shrinking and clock speed have hit a physics wall for almost a decade now, with no sign of a new technology in the horizon to replace it. Putting all of our hopes for forseeable problems into Moore's law seems idealistic at best, and more realistically irresponsible. Bitcoin has an estimated tens of thousands of active users right now; if what we're hoping for is widespread adoption as a currency, we can't just sit bqck and hope HDD prices will continue to go down in price forever.
It's been some 5 years since 1TB drives hit the market, and if I'm not mistaken, the largestaffordable  drives today are 2TB. I can't remember another period where capacity increases has taken this long. 4TB drives are not only expensive, but notably prone to failure, which speaks to the limit thwy're reaching.
@_date: 2014-10-20 17:33:30


The thing with "rationality", the concept, is that for your conclusions and actions to remain so, your premises need be correct. And in this case, "the inevitability of the rise of bitcoin" is absolutely and undoubtedly not correct, unless you have a time machine.
Please understand that I mean no offense to you, but you're trying to ease his mind for what, as per his own admission ("I would be fucked if it didn't turn out to be that way") is a gambling problem. To help you understand, in a gambler's mind, they're also "positively sure" that they're just about to hit a "winning streak", just as long as they can ride the losing streak out (both being statistically nonsensical concepts), and according to your logic "based on that virewpoint, they're acting completely rationally even if they're blowing away all their savings".
So please stop. I don't know if you have a problem like him or not, but you're certainly sharing in the delusion of its "inevitable rise". Now, don't get me wrong, I'd also love for BTC to succeed, and have some invested in it, but I don't pretend to know the future. So I manage it like any other investment. Your advice doesn't help.
And OP needs help. Of the professional kind. I assume he doesn't have a family whose savings he's blowing on this; which is a shame given that disgruntled partners are the  reason people go in to seek professional help. I fear without the proper motivations, partial insight nonwithstanding, OP will never realise the kind of problem he's gotten himself into, and won't seek the appropriate help.
@_date: 2014-05-24 06:55:58
Are you... defeating your own previous comment?
@_date: 2014-12-10 13:56:26
One doesn't need to agree with an-cap ideology (as I decidedly don't) to agree on the importance of citizenry anonimity and on government not needing to know everything.
@_date: 2014-03-11 19:41:03
A rolling blockchain is indeed one of the proposals for solving this potential future issue. Will have to see how the devs end up solving it.
@_date: 2014-05-07 11:05:04
There is no basis whatsoever for a refusal to "grant" a renunciation. I don't know if in practice they do this, but it'd be in violation of... everything in international law. And even if they did, you can always just seek asylum in another country, and **not** pay the taxes. Of course this would come at the probable cost of never being able to return to the US, but such is life, and I certainly wouldn't want to under the circumstances.
Anyways I digress. You're probably right that the average citizen won't care enough, but nevertheless it's an abusive practice. When it becomes important enough it'll gain momentum for change. But I gather this can't happen as long as the overpatriotic (and indeed jingoistic) population continues to view a renounciation of the citizenship as a "treason" of sorts, rather than the very sensible solution to the grave problem that is having to pay the US for things they don't deserve, and while not using their services, in people who for one reason or another have decided to move elsewhere (and this goes back to "treason" and "why would anyone want to live anywhere else than the freest, bestest country god has put on this earth"). 
I see no easy solution, but I agree with you. And aside from that, it has no bearing on the paralell discussion regarding "regular" taxing.
@_date: 2014-01-03 17:46:56
That's quite the well reasoned, logical, and intelligent contribution. Thanks for sharing your insight!
I guess when you run out of remotely reasonably-sounding arguments to troll with, this is what you have to resort to.
Don't bother responding, I sure won't unless you want to join the discussion as an adult.
@_date: 2014-01-09 23:12:47
But none of it is retained by Visa, MC, or paypal. Huge difference.
@_date: 2014-02-06 21:47:03
Still... it just seems like a wasteful, and ecologically awful way to protest. Even if you can spare the money, you could potentially hurt apple even more by selling it for cheap, or even outright giving it away, to someone who would have bought an iphone anyways, to use it in full until the end of its usable life. 
@_date: 2014-04-17 21:09:27
Or learn to accept the limitations of your chosen device/platform.
@_date: 2014-12-12 20:00:49
I don't see it as such. MSFT and Newegg can choose to trust whomever they prefer as business partners, as their arrangement is protected by more than just "trust" (a contract). They provide a service which these companies are willing to pay for.
This doesn't conflixt at all with the fact that bitcoin has actually solved the issue of trust. Let's quit this attitude, because services built around bitcoin are **exactly** what will get it off the ground.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:13:18
@_date: 2014-02-08 16:54:48
That'd be absurd, at least if it were a desentralised crypto-currency. They wouldn't want to create something they had no control over, and creating a centralised system isn't particularly interesting for them I reckon.
@_date: 2014-01-06 09:41:07
Carlos Slim made his money by exploiting the law and politicians, creating a state-sponsored monopoly. It's not really a comparison you'd want to make in Mexico, not if you want something to be well-regarded.
@_date: 2014-01-03 10:02:03
I disagree. Perhaps not in its current form, but with straightforward apps and processes (think NFC instead of QR codes), paying with BTC is potentially even faster than cash transactions (they don't require the bartender to come back with change, or even go to the cash register for that matter). 
Imagine, for instance, that the bartender taps your order into his tablet-thingy, you flash your phone in front of the PoS unit, and within 5 seconds a light at the top turns green. Then (or during), he can start making your drinks. Not hard to do using today's technology, doesn't require specialised or proprietary software or hardware (NFC and standard BTC pay order formats), and would be faster than your average "how much is it?" "3.50" -hands over a 5$ bill- -goes to the cash register for the change-...
@_date: 2014-05-12 15:18:18
Do you? An economy-wide deflation created in an otherwise inflationary currency is vastly different from a deflation ocurring in a by-design deflationary currency. 
I don't see any bitcoiners complaining about its deflation.
@_date: 2014-05-22 20:57:55
Thanks for providing a source!
@_date: 2014-03-05 11:31:37
Yes, which is a good business plan, except when you start blocking wallet apps (which are something your users want) for the remote ppssibility that maybe one day they **could** be used to circumvent the app store payment scheme.
When you need to block functionality to protect your business, you know exactly how much the users are worth to you.
Also, as previously said, apks.
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:22:05


There are no practicable taxes in the Congo, and the fact that you wouldn't ever want to be even close to that place is the reason there aren't many places like that. But let's humour the hypotethical here; for all intents and purposes you could very realistically avoid taxes (legally) almost altogether if you bought a property in the middle of nowhere and stopped using any and all goverment infrastructure. This means not buying taxed goods nor services, nor using its protection to conduct business. This is not a pure solution since you'd still get the benefits and security of living in a first world country, but certainly nobody would force you to pay anything (so much for the "forceful" totalitarian hypothesis). What's stopping you from doing this?


Why, exactly? Because it'd be "uncomfortable"? Because it'd be stepping out of the comfort zone you're used that allows you with complete freedom to even express these ideas in the very huge infrastructure that is the internet? It's certainly a hell of a lot less unreasonable than expecting to get the services a government provides without paying for them, IMO. Am I wrong?


So let me get this straight: you're saying that a government is actualy unnecesary? Wow. No really. Again, I defer to the places on earth without functionong governments, and how nowhere on these places has this magical libertarian utopia emerged. But we don't have to go that far to look at the role of the government; in your very own country, the only nation in the first world where healthcare isn't guaranteed to be universally accessible by the government, you're spending more than double per capital than the next country on the list, with markedly worse results. Most people (without these new Obama programs) simply cannot afford it, and you absolutely know plenty of people who've gone bankrupt for health reasons. This is but *one* facet of what a government should do. Are you resiously saying that the average person would realistically be able to out-of-pocket pay for that plus everything else you mentioned (and not mentioned)? I think that's pure fantasy.
@_date: 2014-04-07 05:14:07
I agree with this 1000%. I'm not familiar with armory, but to me, asking you to connect to the internet while on the live session defeats the whole purpose of taking such precautions. The easier and certainly more secure way to it is to pregenerate bip38 cold wallets completely offline. This can be done with bitaddress.org or bitcoinpaperwallet.com 
I strongly recommend that whatever he does, he goes to the latter and read EVERYTHING there is to read regarding paper wallets, bip38 encryption, change addresses, etc., before doing anything.
That said, mycellium for instance has a "cold storage spending" option that sends the change to the very same cold wallet, and discards the private key once the transaction is done. I reckon other wallets wi_ add similar features in the future.
@_date: 2014-07-21 19:27:16
No, you don't need the password to start a new HD wallet from the 12 words. The password is only there to encrypt the wallet file that exists on your computer (so malware doesn't get it and such).
@_date: 2014-05-22 06:56:23
Wow, your bank sucks balls. Don't get me wrong, I still think they need to change, but seriously my bank charges me no commissions whatsoever except for international wire transfers (outgoing), and even gives me a reasonable interest rate on my savings account.
@_date: 2014-07-02 08:05:01
Let's use the same definition you're using for fiat currencies. They just fall into oblivion. I for one believe the reasons for it should be irrelevant, given that as completely different forms of "currency", they're bound to fail by different mechanisms, but why should one mechanism be "more desirable" than the other? If by holding said currency, and it fails (ok, let's define it by "it loses its value, making me lose money"), leaving me holding useless currency, why should it matter the reason for it?
@_date: 2014-02-09 13:04:18
Well yes, but why would they change that? Undoubtedly it's the better option for their bottom line, and like all companies, they won't change that unless it affects its bottom line. 
And judging by the astounding amount of people that sport iphones I saw in the US a couple of weeks ago when I visited, it doesn's seem like apple's demographic gives a damn about closed ecosystems.
Just vote with your wallet.
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:42:33
It has always been so, provided you have a well-connected node. If the message propagation times throgout the whole network were that high, mining would be a tremendously inefficient endeavor, with several forks created and then destroyed within the timeframe of a block. This occurence is quite rare.
@_date: 2014-03-24 09:35:58
This is certainly a desirable scenario, in that IMO the biggest advantage of bitcoin is its deflationary nature, which would counter many of hte abuses governments commit with their fiat. That said, this would pose 2 (again, IMO) unsormountable hurdles: a) given that bitcoin is not regulated or specific to any country, who'd have the authority to mint the paper notes? How would the people prevent their government (or governments prevent other governments) from simply printing way more money than bitcoins exist? I suspect a similar progressive scenario was what caused the switch from gold-backed to fiat in the first place so we'd be back to square 1; and b) why on earth would any government wilfully choose to use bitcoin as backing for their currency? Especially given that it's used internationally? If bitcoin is to "succeed", it will be because people will choose to use it for its own merits vs fiat. I don't ever expect a government to adopt it.
 
This could be done without the need of a government, however, if a similarly physically tamper-proof way is devised to ensure unforgeability and the impossibility of double-spending of physical bitcoin tokens. Which, the more I think about it, the harder it seems, unless we start to mint physical bitcoins out of actual gold, or something. Certainly a problem for greater minds than mine to solve.
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:44:17
I personally know quite a few (and popular) bars in a major city that don't accept CC. Just drop such an unsubstantiated argument.
@_date: 2014-01-03 23:10:22
Yeah... The angry words and downvote **really** come across as your "not giving a fuck".
The hilarity.
@_date: 2014-06-12 17:41:01


I won't if it makes sense and it's backed.


OK... and this is relevant because...?


Now, **this** needs a source.


Haha, oh wow. More ignorance. Anyways [here's the most obvious one]( Unfortunately it's not separated by first and third world countries, but go and take a look at the lists. [Here's a more specific source]( If you have time read this second page in full. It seems you actually need it.


Uhm, source? Are you seriously just not even going to make an effort to make credible, non-ideology based claims? Now, all throughout his I haven't said anything, but you've actually failed to answer to any of the actual points I put forth. In this particular instance, you're not even trying to show *how* welfare is inefficient, or how it'd be solved in a stateless society. 


Except you haven't proven that. Or even made a compelling case for it. Seriously man, the US has the highest wealth inequality (sourced before) while also having generally the least regulations (beaten to death), and the lowest taxes (I hope to god you don't require a source for this one) in the first world. At some point you're going to have to either open your eyes to the fact that you're living in a fantasy land, or come up with a very detailed explanation to all of this.


...So that they may concentrate their wealth even further? I'm sorry, but I honestly just don't get it.
Now, I've already abundantly expressed my disbelief not only at your ignorance, but also at your insulting attitude and dishonest approach to debating. I've taken the time to answer to this, but I ask that in your next response you refrain from personal insults, and begin sourcing your claims, or else I'll simply not waste anymore time.
If nothing else, at least you've shown me what's behind the (at least on the surface) most open and willing to debate members of the anarchocapitalist ranks. I am not amused.
@_date: 2014-05-02 09:21:54


It doesn't, not exactly. Only *network* access, and for individual transactions (where what can be exchanged need only be the signed transaction, as long as you're willing to take the risk of a double-spending attack). Bitcoin could very realistically function on a mesh-network only connected with the rest of the internet sporadically at one point (or not at all, but in that case it'd fork into a separate blockchain).


I don't know what this even means, but nope.


I don't understand what you mean here.


Not too shabby, but I don't think you're accounting for inflation. Either way, most people here aren't hoping bitcoin becomes mainstream as an investment asset, but rather as a currency.
@_date: 2014-01-03 10:07:02


Of course not, but contrary to this idea you have, they don't need to accept CC either. They do it for the convenience of the patrons. Which, if Bitcoin continues to grow and become adopted, will put them in the same situation.
@_date: 2014-04-21 08:17:48


It is unless you can tell us exactly how that 5% difference affects your point or that of the pperson you were debating with. How does his point now suddenly falls apart in view of this difference?


What it **shows** (again, not "proves", this is essential to this debate), is that even in the Linux kernel development -the original and quintessential FOSS project-, that has by sheer number the largest number of volunteer developers, a handful of companies (and literally I can't think of more than 4 big ones) contribute far more to it than the rest of the people combined. 3 times as much, to be exact. What this shows, again, is that the classic volunteer FOSS scheme for developing software is comparatively very inefficient to simply devoting a few coders with full-time salaries and clear objectives to developing the software according to real-world needs.
Now, if you disagree with this, again, that's very well and respectable (if in need of counter-evidence, as I said), but to claim that the cited evidence says *nothing* about the topic at hand is just being wilfully thick. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 09:01:19


Oh absolutely, I'm not an expert in your so called "literature". But then again I've yet to have someone from your ranks spark enough curiosity in me to do so. When every single debate of this sort ends up with a refusal to continue debating (hilariously, like in your case, usually after a couple of exchanges where they actually tried to engage me), am I supposed to just believe that picking up any one of such books is even worth my time? Now, don't get me wrong, I consider I have a rather open mind and quite often end up reading any sort of wacky things; but I do value my time, putting aside a few hours of my leisure time to do requires at least the promise or expectation that what I read won't be a steaming pile of shite. I particularly enjoy reading about alternative economic theories, but what do you know, I've never come across an-cap in any serious journal on the matter.


And here I was thinking an-cap was actually meant to be a political and economic model. So you're either making a false analogy, or accepting that it's not a coherent economic model. Or is it that the state is supressing its teaching for fear of what it might actually spark. Would I need a tinfoil hat in order to study an-cap?


That's all fine and dandy, but I find it interesting the point in the debate when you decided you were bored with it. I'd be perfectly willing (and absolutely do) to read any and all sources you decided to cite for your claim, even if that includes links to previous comments.


And as we all know, human beings are intrinsically unwilling to fight for what they want, and civil wars, revolts, wars, etc, have never taken place in history for far more trivial things...


I don't know if I'm desperate for it, but I certainly want to have it. With anyone, someone. You being not willing to do it is fine, but when every single debate ends like this, shit gets suspicious. 


But I have. I've even read I'd say most of nakamoto's posts from back in the day. There's no doubt he was very politically inclined and thought the current way the states manage the money flow is flawed (as do, I think, most of us bitcoiners), but that's a far stretch from an-cap.


No I don't. For a while now I don't debate to change minds (although often it's the result of it, including my own), I debate for the sake of it, and as a way to test the inner consistency of alternate takes on reality.


Yeah, I gathered you thought as much from your first insults early on. I find it curious you have such a rabid conviction of this.


I should hope so, but somehow I doubt it. It's also curious that you have this high-and-mighty attitude, like your *opinion* is so much better than everyone else's including, indeed, political theorists, philosophers, and last but not least, actual economists. At this point I could make a similar comment casting you as some stereotype fitting exactly with everyone else I've encountered in the past, but alas, I don't actually know you from anything else than what you've written here.


Why, no. I don't find bitcoin to be contrary to my political ideals (but then again you seem to know them better than I do). The fact that you want to make bitcoin into a political tool (and an exclusive one at that) is worrying. It would miserably fail if this were the case. Do you honestly believe that adoption is driven by an expansion of the an-cap ideology?


Oh no, not at all. I'm leaving ideologies aside here, and centering on exclusively the facts. Facts you're ignorant about, facts that I corrected you on (with sources), and that upon learning so made you go from "debate mode" to "indignated rightgeousness". But yeah, surely and conveniently you're just bored with the discussion.
... And, as I've done from the beginning, I'll refrain from commenting on the personal attacks. I do have one question though, if you'll allow me, one question no doubt you've been asked a thousand times (and that may even be a mocking point in your subreddit sidebar), and certainly one question I've asked a thousand times to libertarians in general, without ever receiving a coherent answer. Perhaps the millionth one will be the charm? Here it goes:
There are places in the world where there is no government (functioning at any rate). Places where, unsurprisingly, no magical utopic stateless societies have sprung up (I don't care right now on the excuses for this fact). Why hasn't a single soul amongst you in the history of ever gone there to try and build this sort of society you seem to think would work perfectly? Why haven't you, personally? Please note that even though the tone of your comments is angry and aggressive, I mean no ill by this question. I don't mean as in "don't like it? then go away, this is *murrica!". I mean it out of genuine curiosity, because if I believed such a thing so rabidly, I'd like to think I'd be trying to create such a society, particularly when the requirements are so low (that there be no state whatsoever).
@_date: 2014-01-03 16:52:52
Yes, as was installing CC reader when they first came out. And if they were installed, surely they expected to profit from the added convenience.
@_date: 2014-01-03 08:41:10
Except that they've blocked wire transfers for regular customers for amounts lesser than that. 
The irony of this whole situation is that the banks themselves are accentuating the point of why Bitcoin is becoming a necessity rather being a matter of simple convenience.
@_date: 2014-05-03 07:24:35
Holy shit. No, really. I thought you'd be swayed by evidence. But  I was wrong. I'm not interested in "debating" with delusional conspirarionists, though, so good luck.
@_date: 2014-02-09 23:41:49
It doewn't defeat the purpose, and by the very fact that bitcoins *could* be stored and used without the need of a bank, IMO, banks would be unable to repeat the abusive practices the do today. Also, bitcoin as a currency solves the economy-wide problem that is inflation.
Bitcoin isn't just a decentralised paypal.
@_date: 2014-03-26 16:26:06
Gah! I wasn't expecting this! Before you do this, though, make sure to bip38-encrypt your private key... I wouldn't send my private keys just like that to an untrusted website....
Thanks for the tip regardless! I'm going to have to pass it on, since I feel dirty having gotten it for a lmgtfy link.
@_date: 2014-01-03 16:56:56
Smart man, you're doing god's work. Actually showing it instead of discussing. Thanks for sharing.
@_date: 2014-06-11 00:01:26
This is actually something that has been bothering me for a while. Taxes are important for the adequate functioning of society, and here is bitcoin who, for all its benefits and potentials, will make it trivial to evade taxes and hide assets.
I don't know what the future holds, but clearly all this "control in the hands of users" has its downsides. What happens when a future Madoff scams a bunch of people, is found guilty by the court, but claims he doesn't have the money? Does he get to leave his family (or even enjoy himself, he won't spend life in prison) a shitton of stolen wealth?
What are some possible solutions to this?
@_date: 2014-10-01 15:57:14
I was under the impression that WiFi had radio power modulation depending on the signal strength built into the standard. Perhaps the power doesn't go quite as low as would be required for these kinds of densities, but I'm nor particularly concerned about this. This is only a concern in an ap/client mode where everyone needs to shout louder to be heard.
@_date: 2014-02-08 14:53:59
Why is it so important for you to understand the why? You got 2 years of something you knew apple didn't like, be grateful for that. Now it's over, so change phones ornlive without bitcoin on your phone.
@_date: 2014-05-07 13:37:57
Holy shit.
@_date: 2014-01-03 17:41:41
No, you're confused. Confirmation of a transfer order distributed througout the network doesn't come up on your device, but on theirs.
Have you ever done a bitcoin transaction?
I ask because you don't seem to be clear on how it all works. Doing a double-spending attack isn't within the reach of your average user, and those who could do them wouldn't be doing them at bars.
@_date: 2014-01-05 15:33:05
In default settings and with average behaviours, using linux for bitcoin (or anything, really) is vastly more secure than windows.
Ask the people who warned you to elaborate, I think you'll find their claims to be baseless.
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:26:33
No actual rational or reasoned answer, then. Can't say I'm very surprised.
@_date: 2014-03-26 20:55:44
OK, first go to this site, read it thorougly, and learn how to use it online 
Now, in one of those pages a more in-depth explanation is presented, but basically what you do is take a linux live cd with an offline copy of the site, and generate (or just enceypt in your case) your private keys. This way you can be as sure as one can get that no malware will be sending your keys somewhere else. The site also generates the qr codes for you.
I'd strongly advise against using vanity addresses generated online to store coins for the very same reason. But hey, if it's what you want, this is the safest way to go about it, once the private key is encrypted, it's pretty safe to expose to at least your regular computer.
Do read all the articles on the site, though! Take security seriously!
Edit: [I swear I saw this just after submitting this comment]( Just in case you were thinking all this security wasn't necessary.
@_date: 2014-01-15 22:47:07
Patents* (understandable typo if you're a doctor, though).
I don't know. This is exactly what patents were made for. For protecting IP that is easily copied. I feel it would be necessary if OP really wants to be transparent about his unit, which in turn I think he should, because that lends credibility and trust. And for simple patents, IIRC, there are do-it-yourself forms to fill out. You might be right, though, IANAL.
@_date: 2014-01-03 09:50:27
Absolutely. To make it even dead simpler in a "crowded bar with a busy bartender" (even simpler than a CC), have the bartender tap in the order at the cash register (tablet thingy), and then print the "receipt" (which will have a qr code in it), which the customer can scan and pay for while the drinks are being made. As soon as the payment is received, the tablet/cash register will notify the bartender in whatever way is most appropriate (flashing green light at the top), so that he can just give the drinks and be done with it. This would require no special apps (as the top post suggests), and could even be done after the drinks are served, the way CC payments are done (transaction orders take seconds to arrive, and for these amounts it's unnecesary to wait for confirmations).
@_date: 2014-02-08 14:48:54
Those were not exactly protests in the sense that they just went in to get theirmoney back (Which they legally could, so long as they declines the EULA, IIRC), in a situation where no stores anywhere gave you the option to buy a computer without the bundled windows copy.
It is a drastically different situation.
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:38:42
I have. Make a point regarding it, or anything else that I've said for that matter; you seem to be jumping around targets. There's no shame in being wrong, provided you own up to it and learn from it.
@_date: 2014-01-16 10:14:28


I absolutely see how this could be reasonably argued, particularly in regards to government-induced (aka: the virtual totality of it) inflation.
@_date: 2014-01-21 15:13:54


Root it and install a custom rom. It'l like night and day.
@_date: 2014-01-16 09:43:57
Patenting a neatly-packaged and simplified, ready-to-work solution for merchants is far from going against the spirit of bitcoin, in the same way that Canonical or Red Hat aren't going against the spirit of FOSS by profiting from services centered around Linux.
You're solving a problem that thus far nobody has solved before. And you have a right to profit from this thing **you** invented. Patenting it wouldn't mean people couldn't build a similar device if theyr so desired by themselves, it would just mean that they shouldn't **profit** from doing so based on your solution.
And not that this should be the reason for you to do it, but if you don't, somebody else will. In fact, patenting it could mean that you can protect its freedom. And I think that you'd agree that if somebody were to make money by building your device using your code, that'd be terribly unfair and unfreelike.
@_date: 2014-06-13 08:07:05


I actually do, which is why I posed the question in the first place. I'm also quite open to new ideas. But I'm not one to believe things without evidence, let alone even a coherent theoretical framework.
Being open-minded isn't about blindly believing everything you're told. It's about allowing evidence to change your beliefs if they challenge them.
@_date: 2014-02-06 22:17:25
Contrary to appearances, apple products are not crack cocaine. If you give it to someone who couldn't afford it before, chances are when it's time to switch they won't be able to afford it still. And there are people who'll just prefer apple anyways. You can't change that, and it's not our job (and shouldn't be!) to try and destroy apple.
Yes, for people who haven't heard or don't care about bitcoin, an iphone is actually a viable phone alternative. It's got its pros and cons, but trying to convince anyone otherwise will only make you sound like a zealot and a fool. 
I don't like what apple is doing either, but hey, that's why I don't own apple products. I couldn't care less about what other people choose, unless apple somehow actually did something anticompetitive to restrict people's choices when it comes to abandoning their ecosystem. But until apple becomes a bank that won't allow to spend money on other phones, I don't see that happening.
@_date: 2014-05-07 09:58:23
Yours isn't a response to anything that we're discussing here. Are you sure you aren't confusing threads?
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:31:21
All estimates in this particular instance cannot be based on anything other than absolute wild speculation.
That said, yes, some bitcoins are bound to be lost forever. Oh well.
@_date: 2014-02-07 00:03:17
The logic that since it's all wasteful regardless, somehow wasting EVEN MORE is justified or unimportant.
I understood your point well enough, I just disagree that it justifies anything.
@_date: 2014-07-05 17:08:38
Or, you know, get one off craigslist for free or eBay for ridiculously cheap. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:45:22
Right, but for right now fiat shall have to do!
@_date: 2014-05-14 09:28:48
Having the card on file doesn't allow them to charge you unless you agreed to sign a voucher or do a security deposit. This is nonsense.
@_date: 2014-05-08 10:39:30


While I agree with this, why are you so quick to dispell the "gang problem" as if it had nothing to do with the way a particular government functions? Regardless though, there is a non-monstruous, but still significative, higher rate of gun violence in the US that is not related to gang issues, that **does** affect the lives of the vast majority.


I've for a half an hour tried to find a comparison between the number of government officials/employees in the US vs UK per capita, but I can't find it anywhere. But I assure you, although I'll admit the military and police forces are vastly larger in the US, in the rest of things, the government is far bigger. But I understand if you can't take my word for it, so I'll continue looking.
@_date: 2014-02-07 09:28:53
So tell me inwhat ways does owning an iphone and using it make apple any more money than on the original sell. I'm serious, I'm curious.
@_date: 2014-06-12 09:31:22


See, the thing is, I asked a question regarding a very specific case, and you're answering with a vague general idealistic answer, that answers absolutely nothing. Even if we left the matter of taxes aside (and I do think your claim that a society can magically function without taxes requires evidence to its feasibility, or at the very least a very heavy theoretical construction on it), the matter of a judiciary system where the government can, by some measure, take money from tried and condemned people, is also necessary. The fact that this power can and is often abused to the detriment of the citizenry is not a real argument for its abolition. At least not if an alternative is not found.
What is one to do regarding theft, embezzlement, or even a god-damned allimoney payment? Restitution mandated by the courts are essential to prevent even bigger injustices from happening. And then we could get into debates regarding the merits of accounts freezing in cases of drug trafficking or even sex trafficking, but I understand this is a bigger issue. 
Ideology and just saying "everything is going to be OK" without any real substance is not an appropriate answer.
@_date: 2014-12-09 17:23:01
Wow, I hadn't seen this. It's impressive to me how they dare to put out a video that basically says "we want to make anonimity impossible so that you can never spend any amount of money without the governmwnt knowing", and expect people to be on their side.
@_date: 2014-05-02 23:08:15
[Because they're not actually the 1%](




They'll be a great part of the future, though, and this is probably the most efficient way of making sure bitcoin **does** go mainstream. Think with your head next time.
@_date: 2014-06-05 08:23:55
In reality, though, when you weight the risks of a complete government overturn/shutdown vs that of coinbase founders running off with your bitcoins, things become pretty clear.
That and, if the government really goes in that direction, our problems would be far bigger than our money not being insured. Because paper money would be useless as well, even if your could secure it.
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:41:37
...you're just unable to put it into words, or what?
I apologise, I shouldn't even be enabling you. I won't continue to respond now unless you get back to using actual arguments to defend your PoV. But I think it says something about your viewpoint and general philosophy that I've never been able to get a reasonable response outside of insults when I inquire deeper into their beliefs. It's almost like it makes sense to you on the very surface, on the wanting to not pay taxes bit, but there's nothing else underneath.
I can't help but imagine how a person like you would fare in a place where your wish were granted.
@_date: 2014-05-12 21:10:46
Read my comment again. And then again. And then again, until you get it. It seems like it might take you a while.
@_date: 2014-05-07 07:24:16
heh, thanks. I'm still in disbelief regarding what I'm encountering here, though.
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:25:12
You can (and I'd argue should, in this case), renounce said citizenship. The US is the only country that does this, and I'll certainly agree that this particular instance ofntax collection is unfair. Tell your representative this is something you'd like to see changed?
@_date: 2014-05-07 04:58:06
What on earth have stumbled upon here?
Let me ask again (and I hope you provide a real answer instead of insulting and using ad-hominems), since your rhetoric is approaching to that of those denouncing totalitarian states (ironic, given that if it were you wouldn't be able to even voice those opinions): since you're so discontent with your country and the notion that if you want to use its services you should pay for them, what is stopping you from leaving? And why wouldn't you?
I must insist that you think carefully about your answer.
@_date: 2014-12-10 16:06:35
Again, I disagree. And I don't think tax evasion is the main or more interesting thing that a  pseudo-anonymous currency has to offer (as indeed cash hasn't made governments lose power, and it never did even back when money wasn't managed electronically).
Your argument, I think, boils down to a sort of reverse slippery-slope fallacy, and as the name implies it's just false. I can absolutely champion the importance for privacy in society without thinking that governments are useless or unnecesary or even evil and undesirable.
@_date: 2014-05-12 20:57:01
So, you claim to be versed in economy and are quoting from wikipedia? Seriously? All right, then, allow me to show you what you've quoted...


1) Awesome undeniable fact!
2) Talking about the current economy where money are fiat inflationary currencies and debt is structured around them.
3) Another unquestionable truth, it seems... stupid me.
4) So what happens the rest of the time?
5) Well what do you know? It seems you didn't even read you own article on deflation for dummies!
I'm sorry, but you've failed to impress me, or even convince me that you have an even rudimentary understanding of macroeconomics. Playing armchair economist sure must be fun, ey?
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:44:19
You have a wrong conception of what net neutrality means.
@_date: 2014-03-26 11:01:03
@_date: 2014-03-26 11:05:08
Many people don't realise that under the guise of "protections against the narco violence", Mexicos's new government has instituted similar (albeit not quite as restrictive) restrictions on buying foreign currencies as Argentina. So this is a potential matket.
@_date: 2014-01-03 10:55:59
But then again, knowing this, you could fairly easily supplement your soylent-based diet with lots of fibre.
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:47:10
By the same logic, we might as well go open season on endangered species, as they're in the shitter anyway.
@_date: 2014-05-06 21:36:09
Depends on your definition of bad.
If it's a legal definition, then yes, it is illegal bad.
If it's an ethical definition concerning social justice, then yes, it is bad because you use the societally-provided infrastructure to make the money, and then refuse to give back what you owe.
Number 2 might only be differemt if you consider taxes are unfairly high. But I think that'd be a very hard argument to amke when it comes to US citizens.
@_date: 2014-01-03 18:13:26


Debatable. The point is the don't really **need** to, they just find they profit from it. As they would from "raw bitcoin" if it became ubiquitous.


Sure, perhaps. But I think BTC's popularity will already be quite high by the time governments decide they can recognise it as legal to use (a prerrequisite for banks to start accepting and storing them, and providing financial services based on them such as CC's).
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:23:20
Ahhh, typical engineer. If the reason you're studying is to get a job, then give this a shot! Scrap together some entrepeneurship, try to patent this very particular solution (it's the only way I can of that you can protect this if you're to publish all the hardware specs and software as FOSS, which is a great idea for legitimacy and trusworthyness, BTW), and see about putting them up for sale! With wonders of 3D printing, it seems like you'd need practically zero money to create such a startup, only needing to look into cheaper and faster manufacturing solutions if demand picks up.
Either way, huge freaking props for all of this.
@_date: 2014-01-03 10:47:47
I don't know. I know what you mean regarding us not fully understanding nutrition quite just yet, but unless people plan on subsisting on this stuff exclusively for months at a time, I wouldn't exactly call it "dangerous" either. The way I undestand it, it's supposed to substitute the meals you make at home while on your own, which for most of the target demographic would be quite objectively unhealthy food anyways. It's like bashing e-cigs for their unknown and untested long-term risks, while what they're substituting is objectively horrifically unhealthy. 
A known evil isn't always the best option.
The only problem I see with the formulation is the extremely low fibre content. While shitting twice a week might feel good for some people, it's precisely fibre that keeps naturally-ocurring bad-stuff from staying in contact with your intestines for a long time (presumably explaining the lower-cancer rates of people with high-fibre diets). It would seem like a good idea to include more of the stuff, but I guess it would make the volume of the stuff that much higher.
@_date: 2014-05-12 15:42:39
You'd be wise to substantiate your arguments if you insist on calling people stupid. Otherwise, you're simply exactly what you're denouncing.
@_date: 2014-06-11 01:05:37
I didn't comment this to spark a discussion on the merits of a libertarian/anarchic state versus the current system, but stay with me for a second, and even if you don't believe so, assume it is true.
What possible solutions would there be? 
This is an important matter because, while I gather the bitcoin community has large numbers of libertarians amongst its ranks, all the libertarians in the world adopting it at once won't be enough to make it succeed. The rest of the world has to be convinced by it and adopt it as well. So let's work with that.
It's also worth noting that nobody has touched the restitution argument. Assuming you believe in an effective justice system for society to function, this needs a solution as well.
@_date: 2014-07-02 05:39:30
Except this is actually [a big, fat lie]( as is readily obvious to anyone with a modicum of real curiosity and critical thought capabilities. Now, if you want to add modifiers to your claim ("we're only going to count fiat currencies created and failed since and around the two world wars"), then perhaps, by ignoring the currencies of the countries not very much affected by this century of global instability, we might reach those kinds of conclusions... But they'd be invalid and non-generalisable conclusions then, as I'm sure you'd agree.
@_date: 2014-05-06 22:26:29
That's a nice rationalisation there, too bad it's a bit of bull.
You can't choose where you're born, but you can certainly choose where to do business; and if you choose to do business in your country, by using iits infrastructure (from its roads to you not getting murdered by criminals on the way to work), then you're agreeing to pay the due taxes. If you don't want to pay them, nobody is forcing you to stay*.
The ironic thing about your tax evasion apology disguised as a progressive superior philosophical system, is that it's self-defeating, in that if you're  evading taxes, you certainly wouldn't be one of the people who "voluntarily" would pay taxes. So I don't really understand where you're coming from.
In the real world, a running government and all that it provides requires money. It's stupid and naive to expect to get something for nothing. It'd be like saying if we're such an advanced civilisation, I should be able to walk into a Mercedes dealership, take their fastest model, and only pay for it if I felt like it, as much as I felt I should. Would you seriously argue that this would be "anti man", as well the rest of the comically fallacious associations and aseverations you just made?
* unless you're cuban or north korean, but then again taxes wouldn't be your issue.
@_date: 2014-02-08 14:50:54
And far more importantly, unlike on iDevices, you can install apps from outside of the play store.
@_date: 2014-02-07 09:27:28
Again with the fallacies. Regardless of my personal history about denouncing environmental violations (which you definitely cannot know), how is it in any way bad to denounce *any one of them* at all? I don't get it; is it your point that unless I give away half my salary to enviromental NGOs I somehow don't have the right to be displeased and speak against any sort of blatantly destructive (to the environment) action I come across in these forums?


Not only is this a no true scotsman fallacy, it's also awfully presumptuous.


Uhm, I just did. By removing a perfectly usable phone from circulation, he is effectively forcing the market to manufacture one more phone. Is this too hard an idea to grasp?


Where did I even remotely insinuate that anyone got anything resembling a free pass, ever?
@_date: 2014-05-28 14:26:30
But right now is probably not the time to try and root it.
@_date: 2014-07-23 11:37:44
And what do studies say regarding the stability of the various cryptocurrencies? Oh wait. 
Listen, we all love bitcoin here. But thinking that as of this moment it's more stable than USD or any other well established fiat currency... that's pure delusion right there.
@_date: 2014-07-01 18:58:58
You won't get any here. It's clear beliefs here are fueled by the force of sheer wishful thinking.
@_date: 2014-05-13 16:18:22
He acknowledged he was a 15 y/o... Literally. I guess he must be ashamed of the fact and the poor troll cred he'd get. Anyways, moving on... Let's not feed the trolls.
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:16:02
Such an argument. Seriously now, were you planning on actually addressing the point we were discussing? I have the habit of ignoring red herring arguments,  or fallacious arguments in general.
@_date: 2014-01-03 18:15:11
Yes, "theoretically" a lot is possible. Theoretically an email can take hours to arrive as well. In reality, in a high-speed internet-connected world though, this very seldom happens.
@_date: 2014-05-19 07:43:22
So, what do you consider "use and adoption"? All webwallets continually publicise record numbers of users. Bitcoin-based businesses are being opened continuously. Investment in bitcoin is ever growing. 
What on earth did you expect? for everyone to change from paper money to bitcoins in a couple of years? If it is to become a strong and mainstream currency, I don't see it happening fully for at least a couple of decades. I'm sorry if that dissapoints you. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 11:10:28
While no doubt there can be certain amounts of gold in asteroids, it is overall a pretty rare element in the universe, due to the way in which it is created. And it also means it's rather evenly distributed (gold lodes on earth were created by geological processes concentrating it over billions of years, something that doesn't happen in asteroids), so even reaching asteroids would make gold not much easier to extract than if we found a way to extract liquid magma from the earth's mantle and purify it from there. Therefore, I am profoundly skeptical that through asteroid mining gold will suddenly become as plentiful as aluminium or iron today (or even close). 
There's no doubt some value and things to be found in asteroids that are difficult to find on earth, but AFAIK, gold isn't one of them. 
Care to source your claims?
@_date: 2014-03-13 13:42:35
Zerocoin. Bam
@_date: 2015-05-10 20:07:49
To be fair, if Yellowstone explodes, it's likely that the whole world is fucked, rather than just the US.
@_date: 2014-01-03 14:23:52


I have never had a transaction take more than 10s to show up.


I'm not talking of one confirmation, I'm talking of transaction request being distributed througout the network.
@_date: 2014-01-15 20:44:42
@_date: 2014-01-15 22:22:35
That's what things like the serval project are for. Internet without infrastructure.
Hell, I'm surprised the community doesn't seem aware of this, as they seem made for each other for things like the third world.
And technically, they wouldn't even need to be connected to the internet either, they'd just need the network. 
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:56:04
And for that they should be punished. But that's about it.
@_date: 2016-03-10 07:05:23


This is untrue, and we've "learnt" no such thing. Some people claim it, sure, but the reality is that curremt hardware and tech can effortlessly handle between 8-20mb **today**. The argument Gmax tries to push is twofold: on the one hand that raising the blocksize (even to 2mb) would be "dangerous" for some reason (which he never goes into incidentally, and furthermore that contradicts his own comments from a few months prior); and on the other that raising the blocksize by any amount would lead to a slippery slope that we somehow can't afford.
Centralisation has very little to do with it, as it's a simple fact of computing scalability that regardless of the system requirements, it'll always be cheaper and more efficient to mine in a datacenter. This was true at 400kb blocksizes and will remain true at 400mb ones.
@_date: 2016-03-24 08:52:27
So, to be perfectly cñear, you're refusing to address the question at face value? Why? Is it not a valid question? 
And is a side-answer seriously "all rushes are chaotic"?
@_date: 2016-03-17 14:59:50
I give up. I hereby declare you a troll, or at least extremely intellectually dishonest, and due to that someone with whom a serious debate cannot be had.
@_date: 2016-03-16 13:23:32


Yes, [indeed]( (do yourself a favour and at the very least do some link surfing, even if within wikipedia itself). I'm sorry you seem to have no knowledge, or even so much as a concept of the field, but ultimately it just goes to show that you're debating of things you really shouldn't on account of being unqualified. Is this the basis on which we (the community) are building our self regulated system? Deep ignorance and angry acusations?


That is absolutely not my position, and at the risk of continuing to waste my time, I'd ask you to at least ask what my position on the matter is before attacking it (via a necessary straw man argument, due to ignorance).
Why are you so angry? Why does my pointing out the deeply unethical nature of what's transpiring in this system that (I dare assume) we all seek to see succeed angers you **this much**? Instead of, you know, at least being curious about what the solutions to this problem might be?
The real irony in all of this is, of course, that in this sub people who hold my opinion are labelled all sorts of things I won't repeat here (some you've said yourself), when what's evident to me at least is that over here people don't seem to take into account the seriousness of this subject. This is no longer your average cute sourceforge funny app we're talking about here. This is a 6bn project that we're attempting to grow much much larger than even that, with the idea of disrupting the current economic control mechanisms and status quo. This won't happen by continuing to close our eyes and saying "hey these guys seem nice, let's allow them to keep having absolute control over the whole thing, while an important (and decidedly neither troll nor ignorant) sector of the community is very wprried about the direction they're taking the project".
You might reapond by saying that "bitcoin doesn't need a governance model because satoshi envisioned a decentralised emergent consensus mechanism", and I'd be 100% with you, if I weren't concurrently witnessing the very same Core Devs spreading fears and dissuading people against this very central consensus mechanism, and going on sudden backroom deals with the chinese miners to "lobby" them into also not using said mechanism.
I can understand a little ignorance, and even the power that tribal mentalities can have in that once ypu "pick" a side it's hard to consider all the available information; but shit does it baffle me how with all this information not being exactly secret (even in spite of the censorship here, I'm sure I'm not twlling you any new information), that people are still convinced and continue to hold that "everything is OK just the way it is". And I work in mental health, so I'm not easily baffled by human behaviour.
@_date: 2016-01-10 18:42:26
Particularly since it's far more likely that fees will become a profitable endeavour with 1kk 0.01$ fees than with 4000 1$ fees. Not to mention that the latter scenario would seriously risk bitcoin actually failing in becoming "the next big thing".
@_date: 2016-03-25 12:41:57


You're right, I meant to say "it's not a free market determined organically by both the real capacity of the network and the actual willingness of the service provides (the miners) to provide such a service". 


By all means, please expound. I'll clarify (I'm sure you got the point perfectly well, but I want you to answer to it and not get away with a straw man). In bitcoin remains "decentralised", but only big players can transact on it, it won't really be "decentralised" for end users, as it would infact be something they don't interact with. Much like the current SWIFT system. Great system no doubt, but it has nothing to do with end users, for whom its creation meant no significant benefits at all (even though it did for the banks).
@_date: 2016-03-28 05:24:05
What regular user will altruistically keep running a node once transacting on the network becomes too expensive for the end user? Even if these magical decentralised L2 solutions end up taking over and working, "decentralisation" will be a myth if end users cam't use the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-03-20 22:03:56
Good on you for responding for him. I, on the other hand, have seen him suddenly stop responding to real questions time and time again. I have "done my homeowrk", I'm just not satisfied with the answers.
It's also nice that you don't think there are any leaders in this project, but unfortunately the evidence doesn't point to that either. You can do your own homework on that, too.
Nice talking to you.
@_date: 2016-03-21 13:10:00


I have you following me around reddit and I'm the troll? Funny thing that. Because it's incomprehensible that a part of the community might actually disagree, so we must be trolling, is that it?
@_date: 2016-03-31 19:58:49
Well, because thinblocks (in any implementation), are actually a real protocol improvement, while the relay network is a differemt piece of software which isn't really bitcoin. 
And given that the  reason given for not raising the cap right now is "decentralisation!", I guess I'm just surprised people are citing the relay network as a reason for why thin blocks shouldn't be implemented.
Well, but of course a centralised solution is more efficient, just like PayPal doesn't use the amount of computing power and electricity that the bitcoin network does. But that's not really something bitcoin is supposed to be willing to compromise, is it?
@_date: 2014-07-02 05:32:26
What's the matter with the historical record? How can it be a valid point to defend your point, but invalid when it goes against it?
@_date: 2016-03-25 12:35:59
I already tried debating with you. I want to resume it, instead of bringing up new (if easily dismissisable) points, why don't you take it up where you decided to become a troll?
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:15:10
I use it as a torrent box and media server, so the rest of the time it's mostly idling. Perhaps I will, but I gotta do more research first.
@_date: 2014-03-27 06:24:38
You're confusing motives with proof.
@_date: 2016-03-16 14:12:07
There's no "theory". There's facts, and there's regulatory ethics doctrine, and all of it is out in the open. And plenty of people have asked for their resignation, or to at least allow external devs to have commit access, so as not to have all of those devs employed by one company.
Do yoy know what the response is in this sub? Well, yes youknow because you've expressed the same kinds of things in this very exchange.
And the last time I posted about this matter, I got banned from this sub. Nuthin' wrong 'bout that, hey?
@_date: 2016-03-28 09:03:57
The same way bitcoin should aspire to survive with small individual fees: with massive volume.
CC companies aren't even close to surviving on thin margins, rest assured: in all instances, just like it happens with ethics, laws and regulations are the absolute lowest common denominator to prevent the most atrocious of abuses; they're long ways away from making companies go out of business.
@_date: 2016-03-17 13:41:08
Again, straw man. A whole lot of work went into that release; I never denied it, but then again it's also **not by a long shot what we were discussing**.
If you've forgotten, you held that my claim that miners want headers-first validation was a **lie**. I responded to that. Now it's your turn, and please, be honest this time.
@_date: 2016-01-10 18:47:16


Isn't the best way to achieve that to ensure that each block gets as many (paid for) transactions as possible? Not to mention that this scenario is tied to the actual adoption of bitcoin probability. Make the fees so high and the usability so low, that not a lot of people will wamt to use it, which diminishes it's value. You are all forgetting that bitcoin's value is very tigthly bound to how useful the market finds it. And while bitcoin has a lot of merits, most of those become much less attractive if it becomes this expensive "settlement network", which would easily be outcompeted.
@_date: 2016-03-24 10:35:54
His final question could be construed as such. I personally don't, because it's a real question the community should have to address if we're going to end up refusing supporting timely and sufficient on-scale improvements preferring fee markets and off-chain scaling options instead. This remains true whether you perceive OP to be "mocking" you with rhetorical questions or pushing an agenda, but then again the last phrase is but but amongst a whole post raising the real question.


I happen to be very interested as well, and it's proving frustratingly hard when everyone is on the defensive and jaded given all the negativity that has been raised over the blocksize debate. And that's completely understandable, people who support big blocks are tired as well.
But this actual discussion needs to happen. Can we please address it?
@_date: 2016-03-17 09:23:05
libsecp256k is great. But aside from spinning up a new node, on every single device, except perhaps a toaster running FreeBSD, signature validation has never-ever been the bottleneck for fast block propagation.
So yeah, sure a great feature (quite like segwit), but far, far, from being the most pressing issue given the capacity problems we've been experiencing. 


You say this in a sarcastic manner, and I don't know why, as it's true at face value. It's the reason the never-requested RBF is being turned off by everyone that I know of (of the people who publicise what they're doing; from payment processors to miners), despite core's shoving it by enabling it by default.
@_date: 2016-01-03 22:24:55
I fail to see your point. Do you actually have any?  or are personal insults all you've got in lieu of them?
@_date: 2016-03-31 23:11:40


I'm not gonna hide my excitement; to think that we can get to those amounts of growth on regular machines **today**, it's fan-fucking-tastic. I'm not quite sure what your point is, or why you think you've won this debate, but holy hell.
I lie, of course i know your point is that at 100mb blocks bitcoin won't be able to replace all of the world's plastic transactions **and** all of its currencies (something that has literally never happened in the history of ever). Rest assured, I'm A-OK with that.
@_date: 2016-03-28 16:17:23
I responded to your other comment with evidemce a few hours ago . You don't need to spam me three times for it, just check your responded comments.
As for this particular comment, you're addressing no points of mine whatsoever. Please stay on tipic, otherwise debating becomes impossible.


Are we even on the same universe?
@_date: 2016-03-24 22:40:19
Aron is this kind of very outspoken guy with a world of biases* on him, which he can't really see for himself. Case in point: he considers datacenter nodes not quite "up to snuff" for his standards, and yet in the other series of posts about segwit, he seems perfectly comfortable with deploying it as a SF and in doing so, turning previously validating nodes into non-validating nodes, without the users even knowing about it. 
Regardless, I don't see why so much ink needs to be spent on a phenomenon that **at worst** doesn't harm the network. But that in reality, as logic would dictate, does provide at least *some* redundancy to the network.
* I consider them biases to give him the benefit of the doubt, and not assume that he's just shamelessly pushing an agenda.
@_date: 2016-03-29 21:43:17
"You don't know what a No True Scotsman Argument is"
[Proceeds to double down on the No True Scotsman]
@_date: 2016-03-25 12:45:39
You've answered but one minor, inconsequential, and ultimately irrelevant point. Can we get back to bitcoin? Because the world in which you want it to go, it won't be "better than WallSt on it's best day". It will be exactly the same.
Unless you're referring to the fixed money supply, but let's get real here, bitcoin is highly highly unlikely to **ever** become any first world country's official currency. 
@_date: 2016-03-24 22:26:08


Sure, I see anyways that we fundamentally disagree on what bitcoin should be (or maybe even what it was designed to be); and I think you are both misunderstanding how credits/fractional reserves work, and that you completely failed to address how such a system would be de-facto censorship-resistant. So I'll clarify, and if you don't want to respond, well then that's fine. I wonder whether your debating exhaustion has more than a bit to do with your starting to realise the ramifications of what you're proposing/defending, but of course I won't be able to confirm that.


No, no you haven't, but I find it curious that you conclude with this phrase after having written:


only to follow the rest of your post with a very detailed exposition of exactly such a very centralised world... and then calling it something drastically different somehow than what we have today.


At least we can agree on this much (I don't understand why you're content with settling with just gold's characteristics, up to and including its difficulty to transact at least over long distances), so let's see where this takes us


Aha, we hit our first roadblock. I though you had understood, and were content with, the notion that bitcoin in this scenario would be everything **but** easy/cheap to transact with. 


So a bank account denominated in BTC, because, of course, real BTC would be impossible (at least practically) to transact with on-chain. Remind me again how exactly is this **not** a far too centralised scenario? How is this censorship resistant? What would your recourse be if banks became abusive? To "take your bitcoin out" (at great expense for the one transaction) only to then... what? 


This along with the latter half of the previous paragraph make me wonder whether you fully comprehend what exactly would be needed to fully prevent the corruption at all the levels that it's currentyl happening in, and in your scenario the only different factor from what we have now is the control of the actual money supply. Which is great, I mean, it's a step in a right direction for sure, it's the way the world economy functioned before fiat; but it's also hardly the revolution in money I signed up for (and that bitcoin has the capacity to ellicit).
But even taking your phrase at face value is hard: How could people realistically "save their own bitcoin" in their own wallets, when every. single. transaction. would be so expensive? (yes even adding more money to the wallet). What good is money that's so expensive to spend and move around, and what person in their right mind would choose to do that instead of just keeping it in their slightly abusive bank? Or is it that you imagine people would incur in such expenses for the **express** purpose of denying banks funds on which to emit fractional-reserved credit? 


I am, completely, I assure you, but you seem to be misunderstanding that this whole world you've thought up is only possible if and when bitcoin makes banking truly **optional**. And in your scenario, it just isn't. It'd simply be a modern version of "gold", and while a step up from what we have now, well...


But you see, "immutable protocol" (aside from an extremely stupid software architecture philosophy, particularly with such an unpolished and hacked-together protocol, which Core is changing continuously and planning to continue to do so regardless, making your definition  puzzlingly fuzzy) is not at all a property required for anything of what you proposed (certainly not for what I seek either), unless I'm missing something you'd like to expound on. 
This doesn't really need to be a discussion about the blocksize per se, but rather about the direction bitcoin is to go from now on, now that we're about to reach capacity: on-chain scaling, or off-chain scaling. The Core people are selling the idea of a superior off-chain scaling due to a piece of software they're not even sure it will be able to decentralisedly solve this issue. Note they've never proposed your idea of the future, because the fact that it will inevitably lead to extreme centralisation is not even controversial. It all hangs on their ability to make the LN decentralised.
edit: grammar n' shit
@_date: 2016-03-28 11:15:34
I agree completely, but we seem to disagree on what "centralisation" means. For I believe it would mean blocks getting so large that people with home internet connections and raspberry pi's won't be able to run nodes; for me, I fear far more a world where non-decentralised L2 scaling solutions (because make no mistake, for the moment such a thing does not exist and for the moments seems impossible) are artificially forced into the ecosystem, making bitcoin be only accessible through a few, centralised, very vulnerable, and very censor-able gateways (because transacting on the blockchain will be too expensive for end users), making it no different than what we have now. I also worry about the very centralised mode of development we currently have, with a few people playing monetary regulators without any real experience or qualifications, and no option for recourse. In such a world, BTW "regular people" wouldn't even run nodes anyways despite being technically to do it (because why would they, given they don't really use the naked blockchain?).
My scemario has an upside though, in that it's not at all certain, given that it's far more likely that with this gloom future in sight, investment will dry up and usage will migrate to more open, transparent, and capable cryptocurremcies.
@_date: 2016-01-03 20:30:40
Even if this were the **real** reason (which good luck trying to convince anyone who's been paying attention that it is), it would be inconsistent with the core devs outright refusing to raise it even by safe amounts (say 2mb) in light of the very urgent capacity issues we've been experiencing in the last few weeks.
If we are to buy this reasoning, we are forced to conclude that the devs are incompetent in assesing the risk:benefits ratios of doing one thing vs nothing at all.
The whole industry and investment sector are already feeling the deep insecurity and uncertainty that this behaviour is bringing, and all in the name of a boogeyman "centralisation" threat.
Segwit is a fantastic, if deeply complex idea for bettering scaling (altough it's naive to think that it will suddenly and definitely fix the capacity issue for anymore than a few months at current growth rates, regardless of whether the blocksize cap is lifted or not), so much in fact that proposing to implement it from proposal to production binaries in less than 8 months is sheer insanity, and nonsensical when the justification is that it will prevent the network from having to go through the uncertainty and burden of having the cap lifted.
@_date: 2016-03-18 08:15:20


I specifically stated that I'm not disregarding it, Gregory. I'm **contextualising** its overall importance in the whole process (and problem) of block propagation for the specific purposes of mining. And while "up to 10x faster" is a great achievement on paper, when validation never took more than, say, 1.5s (certainly on the kind of servers miners are using), *in the grand scheme of things*, it's relatively unimpactful as compared to transmission times.


Yup, the working implementation of thin blocks by the guys from BU. An implementation I've seen you dismiss in the past because, and please correct me if I'm misrepresenting your opinion here, "it's not quite as efficient as the current relay network". So for someone so publicly concerned with the horrible dangers of cemtralisation in mining, this attitude is incomprehensible to me.
Unless of course you disagree that the relay network is an ugly centralised hack to the very uncomfortable problem that is easily solved by the kind of implementations that Core hasn't bothered to work on (except for Mike's preliminary and exploratory code which you saw fit to wipe from the repo last year). Or that it's somehow not a priority.
@_date: 2016-01-21 06:10:45
You are living in an echo chamber. The support is there and the software will be released by the end of the month. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:35:23
If they're as serious about security as to warrant such strong cryptography, a p2p messaging client, with an open protocol (say, Jabber) at the backend.
But in reality, though, even something as easy to use as google hangouts is much better in terms of who'd realistically be able to read your conversations.
@_date: 2016-01-16 19:15:32
Quite a few examples, including their latest activity. Take for instance the last few threads has been commenting on. But really, all of their accounts are shining examples of their dishonesty all around.
@_date: 2016-03-28 07:31:07
There's a project attempting just that. It turns out the "permissionless system" de-facto regulators have bent over backwards via lobbying, backroom deals, and downright pressuring miners, to prevent this from happening.
All of this I can source if necessary (it'd be a pain going looking for it, I won't lie), but I  hope I'm not surprising you here.
@_date: 2016-03-19 18:36:57
I just got it pointed out to me that that particular comment had been censored. My apologies on the previous snarkyness.
@_date: 2016-03-19 15:43:05
Excuse my tardiness.
**Everything** that you wrote is true, and still you're again refusing to address my actual points, Gregory. So instead of citing your phrases and responding to them, allow me to make one very succinct question in the interest of you not finding it difficult to address them, fair?
You claim network decentralisation is of the utmost importance to you, and indeed you use it as a justification for refusing to raise the blocksize limit, among other things. The question is: does the current FBRP and relay network (I'll forego from commenting on your need to constantly make distinctions between those 2 things) ameliorate the problem of block propagation in a **decentralised** manner?
It's a simple yes or no answer, on top of which we can later discuss its ramifications as they relate to the above debate over thinblocks and similar solutions.
@_date: 2016-01-24 09:07:48


Oh buddy. You say that here, appearing all pro-user-choice and respectful of the community, while [elsewhere]( you ~~evangelise~~ terrorise about the evils of using this very failsafe mechanism for the community to avoid said centralisation.
Forgive me when I very matter-of-factly (having sourced my claims) call you a **hypocrite**. I wish you were the exception in the team, but alas.
@_date: 2016-03-16 00:07:04


Some people are, and yoi're free to debate with them if you like, but you'd be allowing yourself to distract yourself from the fact that the mere existence of a conflict of interests in the managers of a public good is deeply unethical, and is, has always been, and in all industries in virtually every country in the world uncontroversially is, quite illegal for this very reason.
Quick question: would you feel the same level of "trust" or unwillingness to put into question the morality of, if for instance president Obama was found to be holding an executive position at Lockheed Martin? Why or why not, and why would this situation be different?
@_date: 2016-03-21 13:46:49
Please stop harrasing me, I've tried debating you and found it quite insatisfactory 
cue the "you don't dare because you know you don't know what you're talking about". I'm just not interested. It's tempting, believe me (you've already contradicted yourself between this and the previous comment), but I'm just not.
@_date: 2016-03-15 17:45:32
I'm sorry, but I don't quite understand what any ofnyour points are, how (or if) you're responding to any of mine, nor do I think your definition of a troll fits any that I've ever come across.
@_date: 2016-03-28 05:29:28
Funny that you're being downvoted for pointing out simple facts.
@_date: 2016-03-24 08:39:08
You're using a (false) moral argument to respond to an economic/technical question, which you're of course not addressing. Do you see this?
@_date: 2016-03-24 13:53:27


You're right about this much, but I think we disagree on what this would mean for bitcoin. At 100$ fees (or even 1$ depending on the market), bitcoin would no longer be usable by end-users, having turned into a veritable settlement network. So much for all of this "decentralisation" the blocks being small is supposed to maintain, huh?
@_date: 2016-03-17 22:21:12
No, no you didn't, and you know it far too well. Fret not, I won't get upset; I'm only too used to you avoiding to answer actually meaningful questions.
@_date: 2016-03-20 15:38:11
And yet, the FBRP is not a part of Core development.
But the same could be said of core's wallet functionality, could it not? Plenty of people don't use the wallets. Who's to say low latency blocks **only** benefits miners?
When you say "modularity" (which could be just as well achieved with a flag to tnot include it in the binary at compile time, just as the wallet is right now), I say "need to control". Why is it necessary to use a separate parallel network to the p2p one?
Regardless the fact of the matter is that as of today, the FBRP is practically synonimous with "the relay network", which is very much centrally control. Which was my entire point from the beginning. And something I would like him to address directly, and stop hiding behind pseudotechnical straw men. He is the de-facto leader of the Core team, should he not be expected to respond to these very basic questions regarding the direction and motives he wants to take this huge project?
@_date: 2016-03-28 21:44:13
There is no trust needed on the bitcoin network. Schemes like yours have been discussed in the past, and tl;dr is the possible benefits are vastly outweighed by the downsides of such a system bein abused.
Please rethink your product, or why you miscalculated a market need so grossly.
@_date: 2016-03-26 10:53:22
You're using buzzwords and hoping thry stick. Bitcoin isn't "honest" or "dishonest", the same way any other currency doesn't have moral qualities of any kind whatsoever. People can use the dollar for good, and bitcoin to be extremely evil. You're mix and matching concepts with some weird fuzzy logic hoping it amounts to something anthropomorphic (how can bitcoin " be anonymous", yet "be used to uncover fraud", for instance?).
Stop. The merits of bitcoin lie somewhere else, in its accesibility without relying on third parties. That's why mobile phone credit has become a de-facto currency in many places in Africa and Latin America. Take this property out of it, and it's truly no different than anything else. Anonimisation is trivial even today, let alone when some in-development sidechains are released.
Bitcoin is not magical, it's not corruption-proof (as we're hillariously seeing for the past few months) turns out it's, in practice, not even as censorship-resistant as we thought it was. 
@_date: 2016-03-21 11:33:36


Do you hear the sound of me being completely uninterested in your opinions on this?


Even if your premises were true, you're pointing out exactly what's wrong with this (and their) argument. Holy shit am I surprised you're touting this as A Good Thing™.
@_date: 2016-01-10 18:36:29
Right, except for people who might want to actually transfer money of buy things and such.
@_date: 2016-01-25 18:55:13


Well, no. I mean that's the very spirit of OSS, and if they **truly** arrived at something better by building upon the BTC code, that'd be for the benefit of everyone. If they truly claim they're "better" (and I'm not quite sure that they do), then it's up to them to demonstrate that, and at any rate the market does not agree that they're better. There really is no issue here, and if you want bitcoin to be something else than FOSS, go ahead and build your own closed-source cryptocurrency, and then try and prove that it's better than bitcoin. Satoshi wanted ultimate transparency, and continuous improvement, and IMO that's a huge part of what made bitcoin what it is today. So don't shit on it.


Well, only if you believe BC **not** to be "the real bitcoin". I happen to believe that if and once the fork happens, signalling consensus, it will defacto be "real bitcoin", in which case, I don't see why code developed for bitcoin shouldn't be added, even if created by a self-excluded development team. If the Core dev team wants to become a part of the "real bitcoin" again once the fork happens, they can very much do so, as the implementation isn't what makes it so, only protocol compatibility, for which the market will have voted to changed from the current status quo.
@_date: 2014-05-19 06:18:47
If you're a cryptoanarchist as you say, surely you understand that bitcoin doesn't even try to compete with things like google wallet (or credit cards, for that matter, despite what many people would like to believe), in situations where you don't mind the non-anominity and don't have reason to fear for control or seizure of funds. 
Its aim is to be an actual currency. One that, if adopted, one day you could have your bank account denominated on, and if you so desired, indeed, be used via CCs or even google wallet.
I find it funny that you have to specify that you're "not a shill", however...
@_date: 2016-01-15 15:44:54
I'm marvelled at the ways in which most people distort their perceptions to avoid a painful reality.
Mike went from bitcoin hero (and an objectively gifted coder), to pathetic, sad, a stupid because he expressed some opinions that differ from your own?
Bitcoin is in a deadlock out of where there's no easy exit (since essentially the chinese miners don't seem too willing to go against core), about to reach its capacity limit, with investments going down and even the price has started to dip, and yet you remain **so sure** that bitcoin will not die?
I'm sorry, but that sounds eerily similar to the 2005 era when nobody would even consider the possibility that the housing market was about to collapse, despite clear indications of it.
Dom't get me wrong, I hold out hope for bitcoin's survival, but I don't mistake that hope for delusional certainty. Bitcoin's future and success are far from certain. And while I will retain my opinions and own analysis on the matter, I fully recognise Mike to be far more knowledgeable on the subject than myself (and most other people on the planet, really), and would not dare to fault his opinions.
@_date: 2016-03-24 10:59:45
Would it be fair to summarise your proposal for such a scenario by saying "more centralisation is the answer"?  
@_date: 2016-03-24 22:42:29
Resorting to trolling. Fantastic.
@_date: 2016-03-31 20:21:15


And when do you reckon that would happen? Outdated research pre-the new libpsek validating algorithm put that limit at 32mb blocks. I think we're in the clear for a few decades on that front.


Indeed, which is "one hell of a lot more than the actual bitcoin p2p network". I don't understand your point.


Nor does it does for bitcoin. So what's your point again? I can remind you what mine was, since you didn't really address it: why are you so opposed to a decentralised, if absurdly slightly less efficient solution to the block propagation issue, by citing the existing centralised one, since you seem so worried about centralisation? 
@_date: 2016-03-16 01:00:51
Your unfortunate and cited to death analogy is invalid on a number of matters, of which I'll only mention a couple because i should really be in bed by know (will be glad to continue this discussion in a few hours):
a) the easiest one, actual conflicts of interest. A paid Red Hat developer might not necessarily have the same priorities as a Fedora dev, but in general, they both want a great system that runs smoothly, has great performance, and is rock-solid. If at any point their disagreements come at odds with each other (and i really can't imagine how this would come about exactly), the fedora Dev will simply not pull that code into the project, and red hat can still use it for its customers. In bitcoin this can't happen because the current devs actually instill fear against running implementations other than theirs.
b) keys to the castle. To my knowledge, no situation has arisen where all the devs who had commit rights were picked up by the same company. This is of course the case with the current BS employees who are also devs. In a project where there are no unburdened devs, nobody can stop changes that go against where the project was sup posed to go. It's the difference between Microsoft hiring a few devs to make their windows database run under fedore/red hat, and them picking up every single fedora dev with commit access.
c) absence of plurality in bitcoin. Simply put: if Debian were hijacked tomorrow by corporate interests, the very next day Dobbian would be born. This is how things like IceWeasel, Chromium, and Linux Mint are extremely popular. Everyone can run what they want, and it'll work. In bitcoin this is not the case, and as i said it's in no small part due to active lobbying and fear promoted by the current core devs and BS. I hope i don't need to help you find exactly where thus has been the case, and what their justifications are, when in reality the original plan was for bitcoin to have a multitude of implementations, with "consensus" (that so maligned word) forming via hash voting.
Do you not see how even the very things that would tend to make bitcoin more similar to other foss (ie: without a central control), are being opposed by the people you continue to hold we ought to trust?
@_date: 2016-03-28 05:30:28
He is supporting his main point in GP, which got called a lie. Why are you movimg the goalposts?
@_date: 2016-03-13 23:09:26
Consider the intermittent non-availability of that payment option as a glimpse into the future, once BTC finishes its current transformation into a settlement network.
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:59:35
Your attitude is nonsensical and ultimately irrelevant.
Bitcoin is not owned by you, him,or the core devs. It's owned by the emergent consensus raising from everyone using it. You don't have a right to tell him to stopusing it, but the community **can** (and is in the process of) decide to tell the core devs to stop developimg for it.
@_date: 2016-01-10 18:51:42
Except for the fact that with this very situation the fees calculators are utterly unable to predict what sort of fee would be needed to get included by x time. As we have seen already. It's incomprehensible to me how people are defending this false scarcity when it's completely unnecesary.
@_date: 2016-03-16 07:59:54
I'm sorry you can't seem to tell the difference between a leading question and a rhetorical question.
I don't know what the implications or the false premises are (did he **not** donate bitcoin from his personal funds?).
And again, the fact that other people also donated -even if its people who now criticise Gavin!- does **not** take away from the fact that he did, nor does it alter the character description that's being exemplified by this one action.
It seems absurd that we'd even be debating this, but do you not understand how the burden of proof works? If you hold Gavin's intentions are to destroy bitcoin's decentralisation, **you** need to put convincing evidence forth. Defending him from those accusations is not necessary, but holy shit, if someone does it, it requires a special kind of either warped reality or intelectual shortcomings to arrive at the conclusion that they're "trolling" (and again, please do look that definition up), regardless of whether you believe said defense to be adequate or not.
Blows my mind. But I won't be responding anymore; I generally enjoy educating people, but I've lost enough time on this.
@_date: 2016-01-17 18:07:50
You're trying to bring this into the emotional realm, when the reality is that it's no laughing matter: RBF is a piece of shit "feature" whose real purpose (one is forced to conclude, despite their claims), is to destroy zero-conf, by turning double-spending attacks from a remote possibility that requires technical knowledge and a whole lot of luck, into a trivial thing.
It completely ignores the way in which bitcoin is being used in the real world (which frankly explains the core devs' outright contempt for the market leaders' opinion on all matters), and overall shows that they want to turn bitcoin into something that isn't what it is today, and that's completely against the original plan.
@_date: 2016-01-08 07:10:13


That word, it doesn't mean what you think it means.
But aside from that, talking about "property" on forums and subs whose names are the name of the currency and network we're discussing, isn't really the same. Nobody would have a problem with extreme and draconian censorship being implemented on or on LetsNotTalkAboutBitcoin.org; but they aren't doing that, and instead they're appropriating the name, the default places and sites people not in the know would go look for open unbiased info, and that is not OK.
Surely you're not attempting to sell the idea that everything that isn't illegal is therefore good and moral, are you?
@_date: 2016-03-19 17:23:09
This is great news! Is it implemented in Core? Why? (and if not), are there plans to do so?
@_date: 2016-01-17 20:17:21
The coins will "exist" insofar as the fork won't make them dissapear; but you will only be able to spend them from a classic client, because if the fork happens (knowing that it will **only** happen once a consensus is reached), no exchange or other merchants will take coins from the Core client, because they will be in the smaller blockchain.
@_date: 2016-03-26 17:11:06
Oh my. Regardless it's true, and while individual devs disagree on where the "safe" line is today, it's always higher than 2mb.
Funny to see you avoid the real problem of centralised L2 solutions. What a brave new world we're heading towards! One where dev centralisation and access to bitcoin will be through centralised means.
Quick incidental question: how many "regular people" that right now run a full node to manage their bitcoin do you reckon would continue running a node in a world where the naked blockchain is practically and economically inaccesible to end users?
@_date: 2016-03-19 15:34:22
Looking directly at code, and duplicating large parts of it seems kind of inevitable with a piece of software for which there is no protocol documentation at all, don't you think? I honestly don't see why you'd want to nit-pick over this, but sure, consider it revised that he technically didn't build it "from scratch".


You're describing innovation in general, and don't even know it. Again, you're seeking to nit-pick while avoiding the larger point, which is of course that the current developers, smart as they are, are not seeing it fit to implement these sorts of measures that have realistically much bigger impacts on network scalability and decentralisation than the stuff they are pushing, despite them claiming those problems are their highest concerns.
@_date: 2016-03-24 21:33:11
Non of your points contradict the simple reality that there's a capacity upper limit, nor support your previous statement, that "I'm pretty sure the value and number of transactions going up is unambiguously good."
@_date: 2016-01-16 19:44:59


Right, the same way I could always force my cheating GF to stop sleeping around if I threaten to leave. Sounds like a super plan. In reality, though, they'd try to sneak as many bullshit "features" as they could to forward whatever fucked-up agenda they have. No thanks.


As I said, not gonna touch that bait, because it's irrelevant to this discussion. 


Well, something we can agree on. And it's only another reason to change implementations, since Core doesn't seem willing to go back on it. And we clearly do not want it.
@_date: 2016-03-29 18:25:32
It entirely depends on what you plan on doing with your bitcoins. 
If you want to just hodl, I'd definitely go with a bip38 encypted cold paper wallet. Print multiple copies and hide them, save the PDF to multiple clouds. 
If you want a hot wallet for spending and such, as long as it's manageable amounts, I don't think it's worth it to be super paranoid about phones' security, provided you're not stupid with the apps you have installed and such. 
Trezors and the like I'm surprised so many people consider very secure. On the one hand, hardware will always be too prone to failure (IMO) for long-term storage, and they're way too clunky and impractical for day-to-day transactions and hot wallets. Oh, you can recover them from a non-encrypted super-secret passphrase, that's very difficult and unreliable for a regular person to memorise, you say? Now you have to problem of securing that passphrase, which will be the weak point of all of those devices, making all their attack-proof unreadable memory chips, little more than a security illusion.
Unless I'm missing something of course, feel free to chime  in.
@_date: 2016-01-20 06:10:47
Your error in judgement lies in a) thinking they're the only experts, and b) assuming they have the original vision for the development of bitcoin in mind.
@_date: 2016-03-29 15:15:14


You'll have to clarify what statement of mine was "untrue", and how I'm moving the goalposts.




Can you fit any more cognitive dissonance inside your head? It **wasn't** reliable; with a vertical fees graph it's impossible to estimate a realistic necessary fee without going completely overboard with the price (at which point you'd kick some other transaction out, even if " correctly calculated"). Even the core devs understand this, what the hell do you think RBF is all about? If you don't wan't to see the evidence (look at the threads on the various subs about it from those days), fret not, it seems we'll be experiencing it again.


And who said anything about classic? Are you the same guy who accused me of moving the goalposts?
@_date: 2016-01-17 18:50:42
That's a cool story, and in no way invalidates, contradicts, or otherwise disproves my points.
@_date: 2016-03-21 21:41:55
I'm truly sorry if this is what I'm causing, but ultimately I choose myself over "audiences" when it comes to engaging and re-engaging someone who's following me around from other threads. FWIW, I genuinely consider these are well-known issues, but seeing as you genuinely don't know about them, [I'll link you to a (I think) fairly balanced discussion on the topic]( with people commenting on pros and cons of segwit as a SF vs a HF. You can decide for yourself.
I made a simple comment to expand on another user's comment. I wasn't intending to mount a full-on advocacy for Classic, in this thread at least.
@_date: 2016-01-28 06:12:41
You are being dishonest. In your proposed scenario the single (or multiple yet colluding) monopolising miner would be able to charge whatever fees they wanted to, because there would be no alternatives. The motivations that keeps miners accepting low fees is the knowledge that if they don't include a transaction, the next hash finder (who will likely not be him) will get it instead, and the fees.
I don't exactly know what you mean by "instant confirmation times" (surely you wouldn't be referring to zero conf which you have claimed to have no value and were ok to destroy with the eventual non-optional deployment of rbf; which either way works well today) or "block delays" (do you mean the 10m difficulty adjustments? They would also work the same if there were but a single miner), but I do hope you clarify.
Or perhaps you're not actually dishonest and you truly believe the incentives and forces driving the fee market would work in such a way, but in that case, that would put into serious question the roadmap for scalability that you spearheaded and whose immobility is such a point of contention today in the community. And since you have since stepped down from the core Dev position (as I took it to mean when you claimed you're no longer in the know regarding their recent community outreach efforts after you gave up commit access), perhaps it's time the rest of the current team reevaluated the plan.
@_date: 2016-03-15 11:43:28
What you say is also true, but I see no reason to conclude what you conclude; that he's a troll nor that he's muddling the historic record.
How does many people also donating to faucets (and I think you'd be hard-pressed to find many individuals personally donatingtens of thousands of coins, cheap as they might have been at the time) invalidate this particular persons' also redistributing coins from his personal possesions, as evidence of his character in defense of the accusations that are being put forth by the kind of people who, if I'm not mistaken, have **never** done the same sorts of gestures?
And if I'm mistaken, by all means point it out. But until then, I think your conclusions are invalid, and at any rate, seem to be in support of accusations made without a shred of proof (unless you also have that, in which case I'll re onsider).
@_date: 2016-03-20 22:31:35
Thanks for so succintly explaining the problem we're dealing with. It's not some "technological limitation" that's forcing bitcoin to change, it's people who actively want to turn it into something else, by using technical pseudobabble, arguments from authority, and manufactured real problems to post-hoc justify this.
@_date: 2016-03-30 05:42:11


I thought I was directly addressing your arguments, but by all means, go ahead and point out how "I'm mixing different topics" or more importantly how I would be derailing the discussion because of it.


Oh boy. 
Absolutely; the last time this happened the mempool reached from 70 to 90mb IIRC. I'm, afraid, however, that this is the kind of math illiteracy that many people with such strong opinions such as you, exhibit. A 70mb mempool doesn't mean you'd require a 70 mb blocksize to clear it. In fact I estimate that the last time around some 1.2mb would have been enough to prevemt such bloating. The mempool getting like that is a cumulative effect of transaction volume barely exceeding capacity; it never happened that 70mb's worth of transactions arrived in 10 minutes' time. Do you see the difference? 
If we raised the blocksize limit to 100mb tomorrow, with current adoption we'd be close to a year before we even reached 2mb, for instance. Well, those were the previous estimates before the last fee event; now it's certainly longer than that since volume drastically (in relative terms, remember, to place itself on average just under 940kb now).
If you're comfortable with periodically culling adoption precisely at the times that the market wants to increase usage, that's fine, but that's not the "internet of money" I signed up for.
@_date: 2016-03-17 09:35:16




Well, I disagree on this topic, but I see we're not going to agree. 


I appreciate this. Have a nice day.
@_date: 2016-03-19 17:29:27
I posted it in response to another comment in this very thread before you had asked the question. 
No comment at all about the comment your responded to? Boy, must you be looking for things to argue mindlessly. Let me save you some time; I'm not interested. I debate to acquire and exchange knowledge, hopefully making points, not to discuss for the sake of it.
@_date: 2016-01-19 21:36:49
I don't think anyone on any side of the debate has doubted the technical expertise of Gregory. It would undoubtedly be a loss to the project if he decided to leave, but then again, to insinuate that one side of the debate should relent their very valid claims only to prevent him leaving... well that's insane.
If he decides to leave because he no longer agrees with the direction the community decides to take the project, that's entirely on him. A shame no doubt, but then again, what does it say about him and his motivations (even ignoring his last months' actions?) if he will only continue as long as he has full reign on every aspect of a project that involves so many people?
@_date: 2016-01-24 10:21:36
The twitter account is named after the project. A project he's a lead developer for, certainly the most outspoken one and bullish in the "decision making" department, and one of the very few people in the world who have commit access to that project.
If he truly doesn't know about that account, it makes no sense from a leadership perspective (a leadership that he very actively claims and continues to ascertain in matter like this blocksize debate) that he outright claims not to care about who's going to post what in that feed.
He has had a huge part to play in what the majority of the community perceives to be "holding bitcoin back artificially", affecting tens of thousands of people managing hundreds of thousamds of dollars. This is not some obscure pet project. And he certainly didn't create it to boot.
He wants the power to do all of this? Then why is he renouncing the responsibilities?  And why are you supporting his trying to do so?
@_date: 2016-03-17 10:30:38
That's not an answer sorry, but it you were at all intellectually honest you'd at least not respond as opposed to following with non-sequiteurs.
@_date: 2016-03-21 06:28:09


Forgive my intrusion, but I'm an actual scientist. Btc is decidedly neither science, nor are the core devs scientists. Not by training or profession, but especially not by attitude. 
But the illusion of such is telling, in that lately all debates I've had end up with an appeal to their authority. And that just doesn't fly for me.
@_date: 2016-01-03 22:50:03
I have. I also regularly read most people who are engaged in this debate's blogs. 
This is the second time you've repeated this "argument". Time to start explaining, of you're to be taken seriously.
@_date: 2016-03-17 18:09:28


We don't have to do this even now, but alas, even that argument is running dry.
@_date: 2016-03-28 05:26:07
Right. In such a case bitcoin will make a great, sad, if entertaining, chapter in a history book somewhere.
@_date: 2014-04-07 13:27:50
Oh no, but you're actually right in the first 2 paragraphs... What I don't get is your third; is not a single entity. It's made up of diverse as you and me.
@_date: 2016-03-17 07:38:32
Quite exactly. Which makes Greg's just-barely-stretching-it dissertations above, hoping to paint this as at least yet another feature/tradeoff that we need to spend years "testing", as sadly transparent as a stalling tactic as most of the things he's written in the last few months justifying core's not working into any kind of optimization that would lower propagation times, which of course would ruin his rhetoric against bigger blocks.
From my PoV, regardless of conspiracy theories, what seems clear to me is that Core has been stagnating in real features, by fpcusing all their coding and time into bizantyne and complex features that are neither urgent nor anyone asked for (and which conveniently are required for or shift the incentives towards sidechain solutions), and are instead refusing to implement (let alone innovate!) features that not only do miners want, but that would go a long way towards actually bettering the centralisation issue Greg loves to use as a justification for everything.
@_date: 2016-01-21 20:55:03


I don't see the contradiction here. Maxwell can do what he wants with his totalitarian altcoin, and not many people would care. Classic is meant to continue the original plan on bitcoin that core is refusing to allow. Hence the overwhelming support it's getting. People in the Classic camp, while probably somewhat preoccupied by the relative centralisation in mining, don't feel like obsoleting the very people who have been securing the network is a good option.
@_date: 2016-03-30 07:46:49
Wow. By all means, please do elaborate. I'm genuinely curious how you're arriving at that conclusion.
@_date: 2016-01-04 06:11:02
The answer to both is that you engaged in ad hominem arguments instead of responding to mine. Respond to that comment, and we might have a discussion going.
@_date: 2016-01-20 06:07:29
Piece of advice: in the future, when you catch yourself thinking "the rest of the world is **wrong on this**", you'd be very wise to simply consider that it might be you who's in the wrong here.
Core are about to make themselves utterly irrelevant in the bitcoin world over this sort of ego problem... The rest of the world who's watching should heed this.
@_date: 2016-01-16 17:55:41
It's not about the software, but about who's in charge of it. It's about people who aren't actively trying to sabotage bitcoin and get away with as muxh as the community will allow, like breaking zero conf without so much as discussion on the matter.
@_date: 2016-03-15 23:52:32


Just to clarify on this point, it actually **does** make it unethical and wrong. As for "illegal" it sure as hell would be if bitcoin were a publicly managed service. All lawmakers, elected officials, and regulators are legally prohibited from holding positions in private companies that pertain to the industry they're managing. This is not aa controversial measure, and there's good reasons for that. Why do you think the republicans are trying to crucify Hillary Clinton on her "ties" to Wallstreet? It'd be a fucking scandal if she were actually held a position for one of those companies, and she's not even in office yet!
The reality distortion field of this community never ceases to amaze me. "We believe in trustless decentralised cryptography, but BTW let's just trust these guys! I mean they have the only keys for commit access for the de-facto implementation, and sure, they were all suddenly hired by a private company backed by very deep pockets... But they pinky promise to have bitcoin's best interest at heart! There's no solid proof of any corruption, why should we doubt them?".
I mean, truly unreal, the complete lack of the most basic of common sense, and perspective. I know most people are not and perhaps need not be very politically literate (if that's how you'd define just knowing how the world works), but one should fucking hope thatnpeople backing this project which ~~aims~~ aimed to be the revolution of money would be more skeptic, demanding, and had higher standards than this.
I'm not advocating for conspiracy theories, mind you, but my whole point is that we don't need to for this situation to be unreally unnaceptable. And we have large swaths of the community just rallying up to defend this? Heck you just seriously claimed that this conflict of interest *doesn't make it unethical*.
Holy shit.
@_date: 2016-03-26 12:09:24


I'm not familiar enough with rootstock to comment on it, but for LN, this is woefully innacurate at least in its decentralised form, which AFAIK nobody yet knows how to pull off, let alone implement. 
But even if they *were* ready, why the need to constrict the blockchain without a technical limitation for it? Why not let the adoption and shifting of volume happen organically?
@_date: 2016-01-27 22:04:51
The day the core devs justify their "technical concerns" the way engineers blueprint and calculate their designs and economic projections and predictions, this analogy will be valid.
But they're not doing that, and while good coders, they are not economists. Their arguments are unimpressive to those educated in economy, and smell curiously of conflicts of interests.
In an actual space mission, fuel engineers are not in charge of budgeting, and life support systems engineers don't expect to have their opinions on the nuclear generators taken seriously.
@_date: 2016-01-16 19:01:01


I'm sorry, but this is just idiotic. Not only because fees are already higher than with credit cards, but because it's not simply a monetary manner. The network is capped at some 3 transactions per seconds, and if tomorrow everyone started paying 10$ as fees, that fact wouldn't change.


Lol wat? A cap increase is literally a few characters worth of code change. Do you even know what you're taking about?
@_date: 2016-01-17 15:23:43


Right. Or it might have far more to do with the reason why the price which had been holding steady at 460 went down to 430 in the last week before Hearn released his post. ie: the evident necessity to do a hardfork without Core's blessing, and the realisation of this fact by the market, and the uncertainty it brings.
On the other hand, it seems Mike's resignation catalised the community's will to go for BC.
All in all, it seems his action effected quite the opposite of what you're accusing him of.
@_date: 2016-03-28 11:16:29
No. It's an actual logical fallacy.
@_date: 2016-03-31 20:06:26
Your cited blog post is 1.5 years old now, which not only means 1.5 years newer machines, but also the new verifying algorithm. Not to mention the realistic time until we reached 32mb blocks (which is in the decades), with the amount of similar upgrades that that would bring (and just on the horizon there's things like thinblocks and once-only verifoed transactions).
So I find your argument... Unfulfilling, at best. I'd like to see an update on said research, but most importantly, how it should actually affect the current blocksize debate.
@_date: 2016-03-26 13:17:52


This is contrary to the very spirit of bitcoin, and it practice it would make it no different than the current banking system. This is the first I've heard of this aegument, please do some reading around (even within your own camp if you don't trust "those other people") the topic to see why you're proposing nonsense.


With current tech there's no cwntralisation threat with an immediate jump to 8-16mb blocks, let alone 2. This is acknowledged even by core devs. This decision is not a technical one.
@_date: 2016-01-16 01:23:00
They demonstrably lied and purposefully presented political motivations as technical concerns. They actively condoned and defended blatant censorship. Whatever their expertise and knowledge, they're people who simply cannot be trusted in a leadership position in this community, let alone be the sole gatekeepers of it.
@_date: 2016-03-26 11:09:17
Thanks for replying, know that I appreciate it regardless of our disahreeing. I'm on a shift and my onlyninternet access is my phome, so just know that I wom't be able to reply for the next 36h at least.
Edit: I believe i can respond here, because you're right that our disagreement lied in my misunderstanding your point of using centralised services vs L2 decentralized options.
Based on this, let me preface by saying that I agree that if this existed, that'd be ideal. Hopefully it **will** end up being the case, but I dom't know if you're aware that currently the LN is in a development roadblock where, as I understand it (I'm not a coder nor cryptography guy), **nobody** currently knows how to make it truly decentralised, they're just counting on the hope that a solution will be found. Which is not to say they shouldn't keep trying, of course, but the 2mb cmap believes that in this situation, it's irresponsible to limit the blockchain capacity (when there's no technical need for it) when there isn't even a solution in sight (and a subset of us believe it shouldn't be restricted ever, and let the L2 solutions, if and when they come, compete organically on their supposed merits to progresivelly and naturally reduce the real blockchain use). In that sense, IMO **not** hardforking would be the equivalent to changing "the immutable rules of bitcoin" much more than the slight logistical hurdle of getting the community to update together and seamlessly to a higher-capacity protocol. And this PoV I'm sure you can understand even if you disagree.
There's a couple of other points associated with the HF politics, such as the matter of governance (in that bitcoin's development isn't truly decentralised with the current team, as it would be if different devs had to compete on merits with their software in an ecosystem with diverse implemententations on which consensus for the current protocol would emerge), but that's not what we're discussing, I'm just trying to help you understand our PoV, and how we're not merely "wanting to pull the community apart", but we're equally worried about its future, just with different priorities (sufficient capacity + censorship resistance even in development, vs. Immutable protocol + risks of a HF).
@_date: 2016-01-17 20:26:46
But that is absolutely and demonstrably false:
a) regarding "the original plan", there's more than abundant proof out there that it was satoshi's vision to 1) eventually remove the cap and 2) for bitcoin to be a global payment network akin to visa. There's also tons and tons and tons of talk of all of it in &gt;2 years old talks on the devs mailing list.
b) regarding "changing it to something that it isn't today". That is also false. Up until very recently, usage of bitcoin was so low so that the market forces and fee market was essentially the same as if there were no cap, because realistically the blocks were never full. For a few weeks now, this has changed, creating periods where the blocks are full to capacity, the transactions are piling up in the mempools, the fees are going up, and even with those higher fees the realiability with which one can expect a transsaction to get into a block is nonexistent. Raising the cap is the way we **keep**  bitcoin being what it's always been, and will allow it to continue its path towards reaching the original plan. And even though **not** effecting this code change might at first look like "keeping things the same", in reality it's changing things severely by omission, and neglect. 
And that's without mentioning things like the inclusion of RBF which also severely alter the way in which bitcoin works, again functionally altering the way in which it can and **is** being used in the real world today, and for years now.
@_date: 2016-01-16 19:08:56


Uhm, I was responding to your claim that if core implemented it, "it would not be so much different". And it is. Please don't dismiss the weight and momentum that core and its distribution channel has, as being virtually the only implementation that miners use.


I really don't care to fall into a red herring of an argument. The fact is they pushed a change nobody asked for, and in direct and vocal opposition from a huge proportion (likely even a majority, depending on how you measure) of the community.
@_date: 2016-01-28 06:18:18
It's amazing to me how he can say those things with a straight face.
@_date: 2016-03-28 05:56:13
How so? Debit payments are the second most common form of payment in Europe, right after cash. For larger than small transactions, they're actually the first, depending on the sector and such.
He posted te prices of a single country for source's sake, but I assure you it's the same all over europe. What's so cherry-picking about it?
@_date: 2016-03-28 05:18:36
What you're doing is called "the slippery slope fallacy", and what you're supporting is essentially centralised monetary control.
I'm amased that the word " decentralised" keeps being thrown around lile this.
@_date: 2016-01-04 14:27:00


The definition of an ad hominem. And now you've tied up the discussion so far into meta-fiscussion bullshit, I just don't care for it. 
Have a nice day, and continue drinking the kool aid that the cap isn't being lifted out of genuine technical corcerns.
@_date: 2016-01-16 01:25:16
False equivalency fallacies? On this sub? Say it ain't so!
@_date: 2016-03-28 07:23:49
[ All payment cards in Spain, maximum by-law comissions]( (which are modeled after EU regulations that, AFAIK, came into effect everywhere this year):
* Credit cards: 0.3%
* Debit cards: 0.25%*
And they're even lower for &lt;20€ transactions
* CC: 0.2%
* DC: 0.1%*
^* ^with ^a ^maximum ^of ^0.07€ ^fee 
I can't verify the girocard situation in Germany as I don't speak the language, but I can't imagine they were able to overcome EU regulations on the sector.
@_date: 2016-03-24 19:15:52
2 things:
a) If the blocksize is being artificially restricted, the fee isn't "being set by the market"


b) sure, but that just won't be end users. And a bitcoin where only big companies can pay to settle on the network, is not the "decentralised", "revolution in money", nor "bringing monetary sovereignity to the unbanked" that it was supposed to be. Heck, in a world where only big players can transact, it isn't even censorship resistant either, like, at all. 
So why would we even need bitcoin in this scenario, when fiat would fit exactly the same role?
@_date: 2016-03-19 18:12:24


I absolutely have. So let me clarify what I mean:


Yes, but at no point did I mention the Classic roadmap. My main point (which is further explained in [my other comment in response to your request]( which you've ignored, making me wonder what your actual intentions are by speaking *about* me instead of engaging in the debate with me) is that while Core "has it in its roadmap" (for how many years down the line, before all these improvements would "make it safe" to finally raise the blocksize limit, in their opinion?), the other teams already have working solutions, **today** in their running code, that truly address the issues that are most urgent right now in bitcoin, as opposed to non-requested and actual use case-breaking "features" such as RBF.
Completely unrelated and unsolicited advice, BTW: You responding and engaging with a known troll (look at his comment history), doesn't make you look good by association.
@_date: 2016-01-15 19:01:18
As I said, not all the time... But during peak times, absolutely, which BTW are mostly unpredictable.
Unreliability doesn't really beget adoption. 
@_date: 2016-01-24 15:34:25


You're absolutely right; I must have put it in the back of my mind as requiring some sort of confirmation. I guess I'll take this as a personal confirmation that you've stepped down.
Being that the case, I'm sorry I asked this questions of someone who's supposedly not involved in the project in a leadership position anymore. I do find it odd that you'd jump up and demand proof and question over his questions of the account, being that the case, though. 
Have a good day.
@_date: 2016-01-21 07:06:40
It's funny how depending on which side you're on, you tend to interpret news differently. Nevermind that the price had already begun dropping (by some 30$) by the time Mike made that post (although I'll age that him getting so much press put the problem out there in the mainstream), or that the price hike coincides exactly with the avalanche of announcements by several mining groups (indeed a supermajority as of 2 days ago) that they'd support a resolutory hard fork increasing the capacity...
No Sir, we must simply "be recovering from the Hearn Scare".
@_date: 2016-01-25 18:57:36
"Brand"? When was bitcoin copyrighted and close-sourced?
There is no "brand". There is the protocol, and what the market chooses it to be. 
@_date: 2016-03-31 23:22:32


Perhaps, I wouldn't know as I don't think I've encountered you until today. I mean, it's way too much work for what I think we all know will prove to be a hilariously short-sighted claim; but you're 100% correct that I can't base arguments on non-existing tech (and I guess I can't do it either on as-of-yet unimplemented parallellised txn validation, once-seen validation, etc... Oh well) That said, since you conceded in the other comment thread that with recent validation improvements we likely can handle 100mb today...


I honestly don't understand what your point here is. Am I supposed to run around claiming we need 100mb today in order to make sense? Please do clarify.


Is it this you're hinting at? Because I don't see it.
@_date: 2016-03-28 06:01:31
Well, it depends on what you believe. If you believe in Core's plan, and that they're passable economists, then their plan is that such a situation will remain as such for the rest of bitcoin's life. If you actually understand economics, though, you're more likely to realise that this will hamper adoption at best, and in the medium term end up killing bitcoin if it's not solved.
When nobody uses bitcoin (because in that state, it truly is useless), you're absolutely right, "this will not be permanent". Fees will be low, and getting into the next block will be predictable again. 
Great news!
@_date: 2016-01-24 09:26:25


No, he quite literally said it doesn't represent its views. Which is not a ridiculous claim to make, even on an empty page, given that he has no control of it. Even if later on he finds himself agreeing with things expressed in that twitter account, it would still not be considered "representative", given that he will not have had authorship or overview over it.


Absolutrly not. I too would like to see him support his claim. But that nothing to do with what I asked of you, or what I pointed out regarding getting defensive over a request for transparency.


Well, that's good clarification.


Well you **are** one of the very few Core Devs with commit access, and certainly the face of the Core Dev team when it comes to " making choices" and explaining those choices to the public regarding the direction the project is taking. The twitter account is named after the team you are cental to, and if you know nothing about this account or who owns it, it's a bit concerning to me that you claim to "not much care".


I see no evidence of an " angry mob" whatsoever. Is that how you're starting to perceive requests for clarification and transparency? That too is concerning. 


I'm confused. I thought you knew nothing of it? So is it or is it **not** the official account of the Core Project? Is it representative of your or any other core dev's views?  
This is not the way one communicates with the community. I do hope you end up understanding this, and that this twitter feed doesn't end up backfirimg if something controversial is posted and nobody claims authorship.
Edit: I see you've edited your post to quote my full comment. Rest assured, that is not necessary, as I'm not one to edit my comments (outside of typos, sometimes), to retroacrively change the tone of the discourse. Perhaps this is a necessary measure in a sub where this sort of athmosphere is encouraged, I don't know.
@_date: 2016-01-24 08:56:42
As a big-blocker, I'd say you've summed up my thoughts on the matter pretty well. I'd just add that some of us perceive the situation as dire given that blocks are already mostly full and mempools are starting to rise, so waiting for months or years for one-time and modest capacity increases is a huge no-no, given that bitcoin isn't an established product in the marketplace yet, and a failure to keep up with demand **will** result in a halted adoption and an ultimate failure to see it become what I think we all want it to become.
I think we also disagree on the way the fee market should look in the future, with big blockers believing that miner subsidisation beyonf the coinbase rewards should consist of thousands upon thousands of small fees, while small blockers seem to think that fewer and higher fees are preferable. 
Given that the fees are paid in BTC and not dollars, the fee rewards (and the miners' profitability) will always remain intimately linked with the exchange rate, and in that sense, I simply believe that aiming for unhampered adoption by functionally advertising bitcoin as a very low cost payment network (the original vision upon which all of us early adopters were sold, might I add), is the absolute best way to make bitcoin succeed on a truly global scale.
@_date: 2016-03-21 13:53:22
You were unable to because you used the same debating tactics this particular person uses, and also being wrong. Please don't mistake my refusal to engage him with with a yield. 
At any rate I'm flattered your whole purpose in this sub seems to **also** be following me around to see what I write and don't write. But I'm also completely uninterested in engaging with you.
Good day.
@_date: 2016-03-30 22:24:24


I don't personally own one, but I've seen a friend transact on it. Take out your OTG cable and trezor (which you have to remember to take if you're planning on buying somethimg of course), hook them all up, scan the code on the app (or generally setup the transaction), check it on the trezor and confirm, and then yeah, transaction is sent. Perhaps that seems convenient to you, but it's not realistically PoS material.
Regardless, my main point was exactly that by having to safeguard the seed, that becomes the weakest point in the security chain, making it no more secure than a regular paper wallet (and certainly not more so than a bip38 enceypted one). I could perhaps see it being touted as a "more secure hot wallet" (than just the regular app anyways), and I'd agree, but at the cost of the kind of added clunkiness that for me isn't acceptable in a daily driver hot wallet. Perhaps some people find it worth the trouble, but what absolutely isn't true is that it's a more secure alternative to a cold wallet. It just isn't.
@_date: 2016-01-21 22:19:04
Gone Goodwin's law, ey?
Well, I guess we'll see in a few weeks. I eagerly await to see the reaction of all the people in denial in this echo chamber you call a forum, when the fork goes through. I would like to think you'll (alongside the core devs) start to see that perhaps listening to what the rest of the community is saying is something worth considering, at least every once in a while. At least as long as you depend on the rest of the world adopting the system in order for it to be successful.
@_date: 2016-01-28 05:47:11


Well, the "trustless" functioning of bitcoin was coded in before the current Dev  team took over, so it's more like "we're trusting them to be good maintainers". And now we're disagreeing on how they purpose to continue said  maintenance.
They're not merely "addressing scalability on a different schedule" they're ignoring the community, and the problem we have **today** of blocks being full. This is a time sensitive issue that they're slothing on about with false justifications. Be (intellectually) honest here: if it were simply a matter of "different schedules", the community wouldn't be just be just about to oust them, and they themselves would have compromised on the timetables long ago. There are other motivations.
@_date: 2016-03-16 10:08:23


No, this doesn't constitute a conflict of interest anymore than a federal reserve regulator would by also owning "money" and having "a bank account". You're conflating completely different things, and presenting them as equivalent when they're quite demonstrably not. I don't know whether you do this out of dishonesty or genuine ignorance, but I'm willing to give you the benefit of the doubt.


I don't much like to repeat myself, but no, you don't. I'd need evidence of wrongdoing if I wanted them to go to jail over it, but I don't need evidence to request that they step down due to the conflict of interest because it's quite unethical, as-is. As you would concede if you weren't avoiding my uncomfortable analogies to public oficials.


I'm not stating that, so I'd appreciate you not putting words in my mouth.
I don't know if there's any order of knowledge that would end up changing your mind, but it blows mine to be in a public forum, discussing a &gt;6bn$ project, and having to explain basic regulatory ethics as if we didn't already live in a society where these issues have been discussed and solved literally millenia ago. 
Please don't be offended when I very honestly and humbly suggest that you do even cursory research and reading into basic political science.
Holy shit is it just ocurring to me that precisely by virtue of being an "unregulable" (legally) network due to a lack of central control, this could very well be its own undoing, by forcing us to rehash and suffer the same kinds of mistakes and problems that we haven't for the most part have had to worry ourselves with since the times of Ancient Greece.
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:17:36
And I'm not defending Mike's personality or his ego. Not that I fault him at all for this decision mind you (should he not be free to call it quits whenever he wants to? Why would he owe anyone anything?). I'm just defending that this sort of flip flopping by some members of this community in considering him an awful/stupid/psychopathic person for quitting, needs to stop.
Reading your post again, I too agree with what you've said. I guess I got riled up at reading the kinds of comments I described.
@_date: 2016-01-20 06:57:42
Your quote says nothing contradicting or him going back on that "high volumes of transactions" bit. More than that your quote ia wholly irrelevant to the discussion at hand unless you're prepared to argue that before blocks started getting full, transactions were free.
@_date: 2016-01-10 19:26:44
You're seriously holding onto this, ey? Why don't you code this exceedingly easy calculator and put to rest one of the concerns against small blocks?
Not to mention, nice dodging of the hard questions.
@_date: 2016-01-20 07:14:58


Oh my bad then, because I asked if that had been the case, and you responded with that quote. 
You're intellectually dishonest. Good day.
@_date: 2016-01-15 11:20:00
I can't believe I'm about to fulfill Godwin's law to illustrate a point, but you seem genuinely baffled, so here we go:
"The drama with the Nazis is so bizarre. I've been in Poland for years, never a problem. Been here in Germany for a year, never a problem. Maybe the government is just doing a government's work?" - From a white guy who's not politically outspoken in 1943
My point is, try and post an opinion contrary to Theymos' and see what happens. Try to make a new post, and see what happens. Regardless of your pas experience, the really hard censorship practices only started a few months ago.
@_date: 2016-03-29 18:00:34


Please don't be offended, but do you have reading comprehension issues? You did no such thing, and neither did I. The excerpt you quoted was an answer to your qualification of the event a few weeks as "an attack". I wasn't conceding capacity wasn't reached (it was more than exceeded), and I changed no goalposts.


No; again, it was a description of what **did** happen, and why your affirmation that "people with modern wallets (a no true scotsman argument BTW, is this "the new bitcoin"?) didn't have a problem" was simply false.
The next two paragraphs I could debate with you if you had shown good faith, but how about we don't "move the goalposts"?


If a reasoned critique of the Core roadmap isn't allowed, what the fuck are we here for? Just to mindlessly follow ["the subjects supposed to know"?]( Still, it has nothing to do with Classic, so again, please, stop "moving the goalposts" (I prefer not to euphemise and directly call them "straw man arguments").
@_date: 2016-03-29 21:52:41


Aside from the mountains upon mountains of evidence the new drugs aren't even close to achieving, one should also take price into account, in a healthcare system where a lot of the drug prices end up being paid directly (copays) or indirectly (increased premiums) by the patients. 
If a new drug will afford me a (statistically debatable) 10% better outcome X, yet cost 200x more than the current gold-standard, I require very good reasons to be swayed into using the new drug, such as intolerable side effects of the classic drug. 
@_date: 2016-03-28 06:55:08
Transactions have never, ever, "been so much cheaper" (than as of yesterday), even when there was ample space in blocks. 2 cent transactions * 100k transactions equals 2k$ in block rewards, and assuming continued and unhampered adoption, this is possible and a realistic model for growth.
@_date: 2016-01-15 18:33:10
We're already at the point where during peak events, transactions get severely backlogged, and they become unrealiable when it comes to be included, with no way to predict what kinds of fees you'd need to get them included. And the fees already are becoming so expensive so as to make bitcoin "not really such hot stuff".
Adoption isn't going down for the time being, but the price is. So is investment. 
For your " prediction" to come true, we should be expecting growth to halt. How does this make sense? Do you even use bitcoin? These problems are plenty evident to anyone using the network even semi-regularly.
@_date: 2016-01-22 12:19:38
While this is always a possibility, I'm firmly in the pro-transparecy camp by default. IMO the benefits far outweight the possible downsides.
@_date: 2016-01-16 10:12:05
I do hope the pledged miners don't end up backing down once core inevitably announces 2mb support, or we'd simply be setting ourselves up for the same bullshit in a year or so.
@_date: 2016-01-30 09:33:48
I said nothing of classic in my comment. Regardless of whether you're right or not regarding the classic leadership, my point remains true, and is something the core devs should heed. How sad is that your attempt at dissuasion from a HD is "hey the current situation is terrible and will lead us to disaster, but you shouldn't vote to change because you don't know the other guys will listen to you!"?
Even if classic turns into another unreasonable dictatorship down the line, we will have achieved the 2mb fork, which I'd what everyone wants. Later on we will solve the problems as they come along. With the added benefit that " hard forks are dangerous and will destroy buffoon! " will not be able to be used as a fear tactic anymore.
@_date: 2016-01-28 11:10:35
You're not adressing the questions. What you said also applies to the classic devs.
@_date: 2016-03-29 21:40:34
Oh, it's you again, along with the deep cognitive dissonance.




Those are some huge claims. How about some evidence to back them up? Protip: There isn't any, and **all** core devs agree that 4mb blocks are safe **today** (and realistically the opinions vary and go even higher than that). Get with the program, you're now resorting to spreading fud not even the staunchiest of small-blockists will touch due to their evident absurdity. 


Sure, and bitcoin as envisioned and described in the whitepaper (as a cash-replacement payment network) has an extremely strong economic foundation.


This is FUD. I don't want to debate communism here, but aside from all of that, a non-saturated-blocks bitcoin is absolutely nothing resembling communism in any way, shape, or form.
@_date: 2016-03-17 15:52:33
Oh, hi, Greg.
Sure, consider it hereby conceded that libsecp256k1 does indeed help to cut block validation by **from 100 to 900ms**. I wasn't using Hearn as a source (even though it's perplexing to me why even on this completely unrelated comment you seem still bent on disqualifying him, as if he weren't a truly accomplished programmer, or he hadn't made things such as build a client from scratch; it's not a competition, rest assured) when I mentioned that this is unlikely to be a significant improvement in the total time that blocks generally take to be transmitted and validated excepting for initial spin ups. It's just a matter of logic, because I'm sure with your being a stickler for technical correctness, you won't deny that validation is but a tiny fraction of the time, and  in general a complete non-issue in the grand process of block propagation. Which is of course what I was claiming.
If you read my previous comments, you'll see that in no place have I taken away from what it actually is. It's pretty good. I'd certainly rather have it than not. I'm in no way taking away from the effort, nor misattributing authorship fpr these changes, as you seem to imply in your efforts to punctualise this.
Perhaps you'd care to comment on my **actual** point, which was essentially that you (the Core group) for the last several months, seem to have shifted your priorities on bitcoin development, from those that would be necessary to ensure its continued and unhampered growth and adoption, to something else; with the end result being that the biggest innovations being produced right now, that can ensure a truly safe on-chain growth  while maintaining (or even bettering) decentralisation, are right now coming from the devs from the other implementations.
If you disagree with this, I'll be glad to provide a list of said innovations vs your own improvements to the clients, but I'm 100% sure that you don't need this as you know full well what I'm talking about.
edit: corrected some attrocious grammar. Pretty hungover, so yeah.
@_date: 2016-03-19 18:20:36


I see. How unreasonable of me to have been censored. My apologies.
In all seriousness, though, thanks for pointing it out, as I had most definitely not noticed. Reminds me why I have resolved many times not to participate in this place again. Don't tell though, he might have to revise all his previous statements on the matter /s.
As for the rest, sure. Have a nice day.
@_date: 2016-01-28 14:15:22
I'm not going to ask you to source that claim because it's impossible to survey all economists to find out, but I'm sure you're aware that many other economists, economic groups, banks, investment firms, etc; are working in research regarding bitcoin and blockchain technologies, so honestly this idea of bitcoin being "a rebel" against the establishment is at the very least outdated.
But regardless of why or how bitcoin would function as an inflationless world reserve currency (something that, rest assured, is still very much unknown; for all we know if this shit goes global we might be setting ourselves up for all sorts of economic disasters and contraction), my point wasn't in reference to the external market forces that would affect bitcoin, but rather to the internal markets and motivation systems that it is creating for itself (regarding fees, self-regulation, user adoption, etc); which can very well be analysed and modeled and to an extent predicted independently of its macroeconomic ramifications.
Please don't fall into the tempting trap of believing your (or the core devs') opinions are just as valid as those of people who're actually in the field. Maxwell is particularly guilty of this form of narcissistic myopy, and it makes him less trustworthy, not more.
@_date: 2016-01-22 11:36:20


I don't disagree with this, however I'm led to conclude that, while skilled coders, they're economic imbeciles.
Nobody doubts side chains, segwit, etc, will become extremely important aspects of bitcoin's future scalability; but their hard headedness and outright arrogance in not even considering listening to the rest of the bitcoin community (the very people who give it its value) on this issue when there are clear capacity problems **today**, is perplexing. They cite vague "centralisation" concerns as an excuse for this, but frankly I'm not convinced. It's almost as if they **wanted** to be ousted by the community and become martyrs.
@_date: 2016-01-24 08:44:48
If they want to pay the fees in order to mix their coins, then why on earth is that a bad thing? 
@_date: 2016-01-30 01:26:55
It's already raining, lightning has alrrady struck a nearby tree. People are already getting wet and cold.
Disagreement is easy when the definitions for an event can be anything you want them to be. Except the core Dev won't even define it. The blocks are full most of the time, and the mempools are not emptied after new blocks are found.
The price crash that everyone blamed on Mike recovered shortly after announcements of consensus for classic, but it's rapidly plunging again. 
Sometimes it feels like the only way they'll acknowledge the storm has already begun is when a cow comes flying and hits them in the face. And then they'll be angry to find out that the shelter was built without their help, and will even refuse to be let in on account of it not having been built with full consensus (permission from them).
@_date: 2016-01-17 11:40:12
Well, this (along with his last essay), have certainly made me lose quite a bit of respect for Cohen. Even leaving the technical aspects aside (which funnily enough, he mentions yet refuses to even outline in the essays, calling them "highly technical aspects"), these manners of namecalling to one of the greatest bitcoin contributors seems inordinately childish and is certainly unprofessional. 
I had heard rumours of Cohen being a bit into the autism spectrum, and I'd love to believe that all of this has to do with that, but he's exhibiting the kind of purposeful malice that can't be explained away by simply not having a hold or great understanding over your own emotions. 
A sad day for internet history this is.
@_date: 2016-03-28 05:27:05
This statement quickly became untrue the last time transactions exceeded blockspace a few weeks ago.
@_date: 2016-01-10 18:58:21
It isn't unnecesary? Please explain why it's so necessary.
Fee estimators can't estimate not because they're poorly coded, but because these peaks are for the modt part unpredictable and the past (even by a few minutes) assumptions don't hold true.
...you should be realising by now that you're defending a very fucked up status quo that makes bitcoin look like amateur hour (from an investment and usability standpoint), with inexistent technologies and crooked and tumultuous logic for... What, exactly? Why is the blocksize cap so necessary, especially at such a demonstrably and absurdly low point?
@_date: 2016-03-17 13:38:14
Yes, it's a possible attack vector, which as I stated, makes it an undoubtedly good feature. What I disagree on is that it's more urgent than on-scale solutions given the circumstamces.
@_date: 2016-03-24 15:29:06
Why on earth is any grounding argument on this sub sooner or later labelled a "troll"? Can you not simply refute my arguments in a normal manner? I'm genuinely curious what other people think, and even though i believe i have a fair grasp of the situation, i know i don't know it all, and logical argument can, and have, changed my mind.
So please, getting back to it, explain to me what good is a "decentralised bitcoin" on which regular users cannot transact except for centralised corporations? I'm not anti coinbase, or web wallets, or even bitcoin banks; but the essential quality of bitcoin was supposed to be that you didn't need any of them to use it, which in turn serves as a motivation for these companies to be honest, transparent, and generally "not evil" (as opposed to the current Fiat model where banks don't have this incentive because we have no option but to use them). Remove that incentive, and bitcoin isn't much better than Fiat (except it doesn't have a cash-like recourse). 
So I ask again, if it is so obvious to you that I'm dead and hopelessly wrong, what am I missing in this scenario?
@_date: 2016-03-28 06:51:15
A project/team that doesn't want to play "central regulator to the bitcoin economy".
@_date: 2016-01-24 09:00:54
Oh, Greg. Getting defensive yet again over something that as you yourself have said, "hasn't even been tweeted yet". 
Asking for clarification and transparency **is a good thing**. You'd do well to remember that, as the very creation of this account is an attempt to better the perceived transparemcy of core.
Now, will you answer the questions regarding who will tweet and whose views will be represented in that account?
@_date: 2016-01-04 06:08:57
You are using circukar logic. Whether transactions ate free or not depend on the miners and their very willingness to accept free transactions. Blocksize caps has nothing to do with it.
@_date: 2016-03-26 11:06:22
Honest question: how are we supposed to accomodate surges in adoption fron say, AUS And Venezuela with the current planned acapacity increases? Are venezuelans supposed to open a Coinbase account and transact mainly off-chain?
This might come across a trolly (god knows I've been accused of this in the last few weeks for askimg these questions, without ever getting a satisfactory answer), but I'm genuinely curious. I agree that the situation is gearing up to be a perfect storm for increased adoption, but all those magical L2 solutions are simply **not there**, and the planned capacity increases at best fall just short of he natural expected growth rate (and IMO, the last few weeks' reduction in transactions has at least some to do with us having reached capacity for a few weeks there, but even if you disagree with this interpretation my main point remains true).
If as a community we've decided that bitcoin will be but a settlement network, that's perfectly fine, but why all the cognitive disonance with suddenly being excited at the prospect of a n oppresed country's population being able to be helped by bitcoin when thay would not happen with a settlement network situation? I think step number one is making up our minds about whay we want bitcoin to be.
The world seems about to be ready for BTC, but is BTC ready for the world?
@_date: 2016-01-16 01:18:47
It would be more elegant, yes, but I don't think thibk it meets "it makes more sense" criteria.
Higher capCity is needed **now**, and segwit is months from being production ready. We sinply cannot wait for segwit in order to do things elegantly.
@_date: 2016-01-20 17:55:18
Right, because people who have opinions different from yours, surely must be taking part in some sort of speculative influencing. Especially a well-known user with an 8- year posting history (I don't want to call you out on yours, but it's right there for anyone with a brain and genuine scepticism to see).
You people's denial would be hilarious if you weren't about to become a bump in bitcoin's history as "the myopes who tried to turn it into a settlement network".
@_date: 2016-01-15 18:00:58


There's the denial I was talking about.
@_date: 2016-01-03 20:53:16
What everyone is ignoring is that miners can (and have in the past before the limit was even close to reached) set minimum fees. This creates the fee market and tends to reach an equilibrium. 
You know, like it has always existed until a few months ago, when the blocksize cap wasn't but a theoretical thing far off into the future, and certainly not affecting the fee market at all, let alone "create it".
@_date: 2016-01-10 18:18:37
You seem to have gotten it.
@_date: 2016-03-25 13:17:51
Yes, yes, you commented on it. You countered it, and allow me to quote so as not to mischaracterise you:


So basically, the same thing that would happen with a hard-fork, except such a thing would kick non-upgraded nodes out of the network, truly forcing them to upgrade if they want to continue using bitcoin, rather than putting them at risk without them necessarily knowing so.
But let's not discuss HF vs SF. My only point was to point out the double standard, when the SG SF would be even worse than even dodgy nodes.
@_date: 2016-03-24 08:31:50
I don't want to hash and rehash the old debate talking points, but this is not at all the point he was making. Capacity is limited to not much more than what's being transacted now, and not $1, $10, or even $100 fees will change that. You might be able to pay an eye to move your coins onto the exchamge to make a hefty profit, but everyone will not be able to do that. And if everyone is not able to do that, you have a lack of liquidity. Do you want me to continue detailing the chain of events that will end up arresting adoption in such a scenario?
And then what about the coin buyers? Will they be able to pay whatever high fees emerge? And if they're forced to, how likely is it that they'll stick with bitcoin?
Comparing it to an old-style trader is nonsense, because a) their rates and wait times are fixed, and thus **predictable**, and b) their capacity is not limited if it came to a rush.
This pertains heavily to the blocksize debate of course, but we pretend for a moment it doesn't and present critical and robust arguments for this very real problem that is going on **today**, and that dorsn't have a timeline for being fixed? Let's stop burying our heads in the sand, and at least acknowledge it.
@_date: 2016-03-13 23:28:37


I'm hard-pressed to see the reason for **any** transaction that wasn't started by me, but that doesn't mean I consider them illegitimate.


No; it's not spam if they pay the fees required by the miners to include them in a block. Could you please very specifically explain what you mean by "socializing blockspace" in light of this? I'm all ears, as well as to a formal definition of a "spam transaction".
@_date: 2016-03-29 20:59:56
The gist of it is: your private key is encrypted with a password of your choosing, with a kind of encryption that makes it very costly resource-wise to decrypt it even with the correct password (some 30 or so seconds on a modern mobile phone, for instance), let alone an incorrect password, which makes it essentially impossible to retrieve the private key via brute-forcing.
All of this means that even if the paper wallet is "out there", it's pretty much useless unless you know the passphrase. 
A better explanation and tutorial (as well as how to do it safely: ie downloading the webpage for using it offline in a read-only OS if need be) is at the above webpage.
@_date: 2016-03-21 09:16:10
The classic devs are against a softfork implementation of segwit, and IMO righfully so, given its hackiness, the fact that it forces the upgrade even on nodes not willing to upgrade (funny how they call for "consensus" for everything else, and because of the fee discounts scheme that core is implementing it with to encourage adoption, at the detriment of the miners.
@_date: 2016-03-28 14:04:36
It was only an "attack" if you consider the expected continuation of transaction growth up until then "and attack". I never understood the " attack" angle though (similar to labelling paying transactions as "spam"); you *know* the goal and temdency for BTC is to continue growth, right? If so we would have ended up getting there, attack or not, and the problems will be there. And without a realistic and sufficient scalability plan (the core roadmap wasn't enough to ensure this based on known adoption rates, let alone sudden spikes in adoption; perhaps with the halted growth it will become sufficient, but that's notwhat I would consider good), then what the f are we playing at here? Do we want a real curremcy that can serve the real world or a toy?


For some people it did, for some it didn't, and that's the whole point: it was extremely unreliable.
@_date: 2016-03-17 09:54:36
By all means, please do elaborate. Or at least, explain how, if miners didn't want, say, headers-first mining, why they've resorted to hackily implement it themselves.
I'll wait.
@_date: 2016-03-13 23:05:30
The spammers learned their lesson and now they're leaving the chain open only for "legitimate" transactions.
Right, guys?
@_date: 2016-01-17 11:43:43
It's not, and that's a great commit, but the most delicious pie in the world can't really be eaten when the cookie base has been thoroughly smeared in pidgeon poop.
It won't go to waste, though, this being OSS, I'm sure the guys at Classic will include these good changes while leaving aside the crap (RBF).
@_date: 2016-01-20 06:08:50
Did he later on say anything that contradicted that, ever?
@_date: 2016-01-24 15:35:06
It seems I've been living a few weeks in the past, and Gregory has since stepped down from the project, at least in an official capacity.
@_date: 2016-01-17 18:12:56
This smear campaign against Mike is beyond belief. Does anyone here have any evidence whatsoever that the people behind R3 are seeking to release a public product meant to, even remotely, replace bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-01-30 00:31:54


With these sorts of answers, I'm afraid you're alienating the community even more. Allow me to paraphrase.








Do you see where the disconnect lies? We are all months past the discussion stage. Most everyone has a clear picture of what they want from bitcoin, and the vast majority wants the original satoshi vision (which includes it being a payment network aside from just a currency, BTW, but this is far from being what I'm trying to get across here), and we definitely want to raise the blocksize cap.
You're not listening to the community, and all your contrived explanations, and public announcements starting that you are in fact listening to the community are simply running dry in their efficacy.
It boils down to that. Will you be surprised in a few weeks when the fork happens? 
@_date: 2016-03-29 21:33:43
Holy shit the doublespeak is strong with you. Are you seriously that desperate to avoid cognitive dissonance that No True Scotman arguments is what we're resorting to now? God forbid people are actually unhappy with the current situation!
@_date: 2016-01-16 10:24:49
As much meaningless fun as these kinds of posts are, I feel like this situation is different. Never during the previous crashed had bitcoin's future been so threatened.
I haven't sold because when I bought in the bulk of my "investment" coins at about 10€, I decided then it was money I was willing to lose on a bet on the future of money itself.
But I've never seen a crisis have such a real-world possibility of making bitcoin irrelevant. Be cool if you want, but don't attempt to manipulate the market. People who bought in as an investment might want to cut their losses, and there's nothing wrong with that.
There's **no** guarantee bitcoin will survive this malicious strongarming of it, much less unscathed. IMO any illusions of it's absolute decentralised nature have now been shattered. That's valuable information, and it's real, and it shouldn't ever be ignored.
@_date: 2016-01-15 15:52:14




If those 2 happen together, though, we'll be in even more trouble, as miners will depend on fees far more than ever before.
Jesus man, do you even understand what's going on here? Or is bitcoin for you this adolescent thing that you just chose to put your blind fate in?
@_date: 2016-01-15 15:58:53
Holy shit are you pissed about some stuff, but I'll tell you something, it certainly has nothing to do with Mike.
@_date: 2016-06-23 15:14:27


Not my intention. Something similar, yes because if you somehow have control over the miners all the tricky timing of the Finney attack becomes unnecesary. But you agreed to this further down.


Yes, and then, not even 6confs would be enough if the malicious double spender had control of the miners.


Thank god we agree on something here. And yet, as per your comment whixh I quoted, you seemed to claim otherwise.


Sure, sure. Which reminds me, what about that quote of yours regarding "disastrous chain forks if we had an unlimited block size"? You seem to have forgotten to comment on that.
@_date: 2016-03-24 19:21:43


It would be, but they can't. Transactions can't go over around 3 tps unless capacity stops being artificially capped. Have you not been paying attention?
@_date: 2016-06-28 21:55:11


That's a bold  phrase for someone who just tacitly admitted that indeed, the claim he made was not actually supported by the article he provided.
So yeah, I was being a "close minded tool" for the simple reason that this isn't a big field yet, and I'm actually on to of current research. And yes, that means I knew you were full of it when you claimed what you did.
Sad to see your own ego can't take the reality that your beliefs aren't backed up by what you rightly consider to be a worthy reflection of truth: scientific research. But will you adjust your beliefs according to it? Oh no, I don't expect you will...
@_date: 2016-06-07 16:57:50
I agree, it said that with the time's tech and protocols, going beyond 4mb would incur in greater than 10% of nodes dropping off.
Which intrinsically states that 2mb should be much safer than &gt;4mb. And Core's main argument against the HF (depending on what epoch of the debate you choose, because they keep changing) is that it would be dangerous to raise the limit to 2mb due to "centralisation concerns".
Do you see the contradiction?
@_date: 2016-06-26 10:31:23


This isn't really bitcoin's problem, though, and more than that this problem would only get **worse** if it "became mainstream". We can't serve the users that we already have.
@_date: 2016-06-30 14:51:38
Think of it as if you were a chinese miner: would you rather have a segwit that gave you more money in fees, or less?
The whole discount thing was a dirty way to give advantage to a feature that should gain adoption on its own merits. Robbing miners of those fees is terribly unfair.
@_date: 2016-06-01 20:45:15
I'm referring to Core's talk/threats of effecting a PoW change in their code. I think you missed that.
@_date: 2016-06-28 12:36:04
Hey fantastic! Now please explain to us where exactly this paper speaks against the 2mb HF being effected now. Which was, of course, the topic you responded to.
@_date: 2016-06-07 21:51:30
"The argument" is a hard one to grasp given that, as I said, it keeps changing. If you want me to quote core devs arguing the very thing I claim I will absolutely do so (even though on account on my very disorganised nature I'll have to go find them from scratch, so I'd rather not). Perhaps you're relatively new to this debate and don't remember the various facets of "the big excuse", but it's certainly continued to change over time.
You say that currently the excuse is "the dangerousness of HFs"? I believe you, although I'll point out the convenience of this one being of a nature that can't be tested beforehand, and can't be explored in a technical paper, as it's based on economic arguments... A field the people making such arguments are shockingly untrained in, in order to be argue with such vehemence, only to ignore the actual business leaders side of the community who've weighted in on the matter.
@_date: 2016-06-01 19:36:48
The 21M limit is arbitrary, sure, but it's also completely unimportant. The whole network could perfectly run on a single Bitcoin divided in infinitely small pieces. 
Fundamental physics constants shape our world. Don't really know what your argument is here.
But more to the point, limits and "settings" in our whole functioning world, need to be non-arbitrary in order for them to work.
The relationship between the price and speed of your internet connection isn't arbitrary.
The size of your shoes isn't arbitrary.
The price of your house isn't abitrary. Your government's budget for this year isn't arbitrary, and the way it's allocated sure as all hell isn't abitrary. National and regional interest rates, importation tariffs, tax rates, your electric company's generation rates, your wifi router's power output, the farmer next door's seeding rates and a huge, huge list of etceras are decidedly **not** arbitrary. They're all extremely important values, some need to be adjusted over time, and all require intense debate and/or rigorous research to reach an optimal value, without which the whole systems in question would cause huge problems at best. 
Bitcoins's current 1mb cap is terribly arbitrary, it amounts to central planning which would be bad enough in the context of bitcoin, but far more gravely, is being held completely recklessly at this arbitrary value, against ample evidence that it's affecting bitcoins' growth. 
Please adopt some bare-bones skepticism habits, especially when it comes to such important habits.
@_date: 2016-06-22 20:56:02


This is a nice narrative that has only become popular (or come into existence for that matter) since it became an interest for certain individuals to manipulate the blocksize debate. It was neither the original design, nor how it actually works. In reality, the "trustlessness" and verification function of full nodes **only and exclusively** serves the owner of the node. The only things even remotely resembling a "service" for the network at large that full nodes perform is a) relaying transactions, and b) serving as redundant copies of the blockchain (in order to strapboot nodes newly created)in effect helping with censorship resistance, but **not** with validation. Miners, being full nodes themselves, pay absolutely no mind to whatver chain-of-blocks other nodes consider to be valid, and indeed it won't trust anything other than what they themselves can verify.
I understand your confusion, as there's been a very deliberate effort to make this "nodes as a network-wide validation function" a belief, but I'd suggest you read the whitepaper if you remain dubious. This is easily verifiable via a thought experiment, though, because if tomorrow all non-mining nodes dissapeared, you'd lose no ability to use bitcoin without issue (excepting perhaps network congestion matters), either via an SPV wallet or setting up your own node. In contrast, if you believe we don't already **absolutely depend and trust** on miners ("a handful of entities"), then you're simply deluded. What do you reckon would happen if miners either stopped working, or even if malicious miners out-hashed them? What good would a huge network of full nodes do to the network then? What attack vector do these full nodes prevent? The answer is none. The sole constructors and network-wide verifiers of the network are the miners, and that's why they're handsomely rewarded. Full nodes offer validation validation assurance only to their owners. And that's that. If you doubt me feel free to ask any of the "experts" to debunk my above paragraphs.


Sure, but only insofar as these small group of miners can **consistently** outhash the rest of the miners, and for that, just having a large lag with the rest of the network can't help them very much probabilistically. Which is of course a ridiculous "attack vector", given that for that level of "outhashing" they really would just need to have &gt;51% hashpower or much higher actually, close to 100%, at which point a simple majority would be all that's necessary to attack the network, connectivity manipulation being completely unimportant. The **only** concern regarding miners and connectivity, is a probabilistic "edge" to well-connected miners, which makes poorly-connected ones **slightly** more prone to have their blocks be orphaned in the very rare instances where 2 blocks are found within micro (or few at most) seconds from each other. 
So again, I'm afraid you fundamentally misunderstand the consensus mechanism of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-06-03 08:37:18
theymos, you muat have not gotten the memo, but bitcoin isn't a payment network anymore. If OP did this, he's quickly be affected by harsh transaction confirmation unreliability, and users that prefer to use other payment methods due to rising fees.
I honestly don't understand how out of all people, you are the one suggesting a merchant accepts bitcoin directly.
@_date: 2016-06-26 10:29:09
Except this limitation isn't a technical one. It's an artificial and randomone, kept in place for political purposes.
Your analogy is innacurate, and this situation is unlikely to ever resolve if we support this path, given that the current core devs have stated that a) bitcoin shouldn't be expected to be p2p cash, and b) that they believe it's working correctly when blocks are always full.
Fun times ahead.
@_date: 2016-06-23 07:35:49
It's a narrow attack vector, but one nonetheless, one where, were you involved in a financial transaction with someone with power over the miners, could double spend previously confirmed transactions to you.


Slightly. Bitcoin is trustless as long as you trust that miners are honest, and in turn you trust that they are because generally it's in their financial best interest to be so. Earlier you claimed that you needed not trust miners, ans that's just false; it's just that in practice *they* (because theoretically they're a decentralised and non-aligned group of people) don't have incentives to attack the network. But they very well could, in a number of ways.
But this is going very far from your original point, which was:


Which is, of course, ridiculously false when the "you" in that sentence is a full node, and is even false if you were a miner; but since you seemed to be confusing the network-wide role of miners producing a chain of blocks with the individual nodes' role to validate for themselves, it led us to this rabbit hole of a completely unrelated topic. If you care to comment on that original claim of yours please by all means do so.
@_date: 2016-06-30 14:54:42
I expect all this coincidentally consenses silence means plans are being made, emergency plane tickets are being bought, FUD .ppts are being prepared...
@_date: 2016-06-08 17:59:10
I'm willing to believe you, I really am, even in the face of [clear contrary evidence]( Yet some things just don't add up, and your claims for what "the biggest concerns are" (which BTW I'd like to see you source as well) seem innerly inconsistent with other proposals Core have done in the very recent past.


This is a) almost equivalent to blocksize, and b) doesn't quite explain why Core has waited until the second half of 2016 to start talking about Compact Blocks, curiously a few months after the BU team had their own solution implemented and shown it to work great. Also, c) [the miners seem to disagree with the propagation delay hangup]( (as Gregory himself admits), which would seem a weird discrepancy given that miner's profitability is what's at take with the propagation issue. 


Another curiously inconsistent "concern" given that a few weeks ago some of them proposed, and all of them discussed in a positive light, the possibility to change the PoW to make AsicBoost improvements invalid via, of course, a motherfucking hardfork; a "concern" that as you have seen from the sudden drop in noise was never a real one, and thusly likely a mere distraction/blackmail attempt against miners.
Things just simply do not add up, and what we've reenacted here is a short history of how the real debates went: ie, "concern" after "concern" were thrown about by core, debunked by the community, only to be replaced the next week by a new imaginary "concern", until they backed themselves in a ridiculous position of having had to say that HFs were impossibly dangerous (pissing all over the designed Nakamoto Consensus scheme, why not), which inevitable they've had to backtrack on when it suited them.... And nobody from their followers even blinked at such blatant discrepancies within their stories. 
I'm just fed up with it, you know? Say what you will about "my camp" (if there is such a thing, I honestly don't agree with half the people over at the other sub), but fuck if it's not tiring having to wade through a sea of immature bullshit that would trip any decently learnt person's propaganda detectors, only to never receive a fucking straight answer. 
I want bitcoin to succeed as much as any of you passionate people, and yet I see you rallying around immature and ignorant (except for their very narrow, technical fields, absolutely granted) narcissistic people on a powertrip because they were given some amount of power for being at the right place at the right time, who don't have the humility to listen to the business side of the community on how to steer this ship onto success.
@_date: 2016-06-03 18:47:53
Quite exactly, yes. You're a bit off-target with the transaction fees, though, as you can see [here](


For the median transaction size of 257 bytes, this results in a fee of 0.06808$.
So 7 cents for a transaction, right now. It's nowhere close to peak-hour fees, or the highest it's been. We're at the very beginning of the filled blocks stage (assuming bitcoin can continue to grow in this state, which is less than likely), with the mempool holding below 10mb at all times. What will happen when the Core devs' plan comes to realise, and the transaction backlog becomes so huge that the 300mb default mempool-prunner needs to take action?
Please stop massaging the numbers to fit your narrative. This is a huge problem, and it's only getting started. There's a silver lining, though: If bitcoin's growth continues shrinking, you will end up being right, and fees will never become a true problem!
@_date: 2016-06-01 04:46:01


And who said this was the limiting factor? These sorts of straw men get less interesting by the day.
@_date: 2016-06-26 07:39:47


This may bring about one of the most interesting changes in consumerism ever: that goods will stop being manufactured with  planned obsolescense, and  continued replacement in mind. Especially for non-essential products, to entice people who have a deflating currency on their hands to part with it, they will seek to convince them, unlike under the current system, that buying their product **today** won't make them miss out on the next greatest model "if they just wait it out".
I'm today's economy, consumers want to part with their money because it continually depreciates, and manufacturers entice them with short-lived and ever-changing, "imperfect" products that they will want to replace next year (think mobile phones, clothing...). If suddenly your money is worth more the more you hold on to it, then manufacturers need to sell the promise of "perfect" products that are unlikely to be bested year-after-year, and that are of a quality that will mean buying them now won't mean they'll start deteriorating immediately.
@_date: 2016-06-01 20:20:06
Are you serious? 
The only people who realistically have control over the code of the implementation run by miners, which happen to be the very same people who also very actively lobbied said miners when they found out they were planning on running alternative code (that lifted this limit).
Playing dumb and "but it's decentralised development!" and playing coy may convince... on a second thought, no-one. I think they manage to convince no one that they don't have control over it (or that they're not very actively enforcing it). The people repeating it are very probably just intentionally spreading misinformation. Good job, pal.
@_date: 2016-06-05 08:09:40
There's nothing clear about the future of bitcoin. It's in the middle of an unresolved governing crisis where it's come to a standstill where miners have stopped from implementing upgrades until the developers give them a change that a huge part of the community has been asking for years now. 
I do hope we get out of this issue, but you labelling things "fact" is ridiculous, and juvenile.
@_date: 2016-06-23 05:10:34


It's truly not, bit of you can't be bothered you read a few lines, I'll stop eating my time. Your central thesis that miners need not be "trusted" is a wrong one, however, as a malicious miner can attack you and you'd be none the wiser with your full node.


Neither was I, bit I'm not going to repeat myself if you can't be bothered to read. As far as ridiculous ways to terminate a debate you've realised you've been wing about go, you take the cake. Cheers.
@_date: 2016-06-15 05:12:02
You're wrong, demand will simply never surpass supply, because reasons.
@_date: 2016-06-30 14:46:51


Uhm, no? Nakamoto consensus is meant to work if everyone works in their best interest. Including miners.
While nodes rejecting miners is a theoretical possibility, in reality most of them would have to, or else the critical nodes that deal with key economic aspects of bitcoin, such as exchanges' would have to. In reality, there's plenty of node support for classic, as well as public support (or else support for "the longer chain") on the part of most exchanges (excepting for that one chinese one, but even they are rebelling against Core); so I don't expect this to be an issue if miners go ahead with this.
This is how the consensus mechanism works, BTW, and no amount of FUDding can change that. Bad news for some people, but great news for the community as a whole. Let everyone follow their best interest!
@_date: 2016-06-26 12:59:15


Today, even following these rules doesn't guarantee a speedy inclusion in blocks. Do you even transact? Sometimes I feel like the deniers performed a couple of transactions a couple years ago and haven't used BTC since, and can't fathom things being any different than they were back then. And yet here we are, a previously perfectly functioning network now doesn't work as intended, and all the "best practices" in the world doesn't change that fact.




Ah, avoiding the question. Let me be real specific in the interest of you not being able to do this again:
How does **any** fee calculation scheme at all solve the issue that currently there are more people wanting to transact than there is space on blocks?


Except a) people for the most part have *always* paid fees, and b) while I'm not in principle opposed to banning zero-fee transactions, I absolutely believe it should be miners who make that choice, as indeed some of them had fine previous to Core going all central-planner-power-mad. So please stop your straw men. You're being dishonest.
@_date: 2016-06-02 16:43:13
Welp, this is genuinely good news. That explanation went quite over my head, but Rusty is a solid fellow (which makes me wonder how he ended up in BS), so I trust this is OK.
Keep in mind, though, that this doesn't take away from the fact that LN isn't running, and Core put themselves in a situation with the miners, due to their tricks and lies (aided by Adam Back), where they've decided they won't flag for Segwit until Core produces a HF 2mb code, which quite clearly it seems they have no inte tion of doing.
So again, we have artificially restricted growth, and nowhere for the transactions to flow over to, except other cryptos. And the guys at Core are 100% to blame, and no amount of "but nobody is in charge here!" handwashing is going to solve that.
I absolutely want Bitcoin to succeed, but man, the situation looks though for the next few months. And even if bitcoin makes it out alive of this impasse, it will have been much less succesful than it could have been.
@_date: 2016-06-07 04:47:19
Re: the Cornell study on blocksize and network decentralisation.
@_date: 2016-06-03 19:08:54
The company made a decision not to be associated with the instigator of a "feature" that they deem damaging to their business (and possibly the ecosystem as a whole, but I won't speak for them).
Do you know **anything** about the business world, Luke?
@_date: 2016-06-07 21:55:26
I just want to respond to remind you that I'll refuse to argue with you until you behave like an adult. I've fed you long enough.
@_date: 2016-06-02 21:14:26


I can blame them for tricking miners into believing they would, in order to string them along and stop them from doing what they had stated they would.
Please tell me if I'm being crazy here with this interpretation of reality.


You're free to conclude whatever you decide, as long as you recognise that those conclusions are not based on the evidence that we do have.
@_date: 2016-06-10 21:32:46
21 has another L2 scaling product.
@_date: 2016-06-27 08:36:54
Exactly. In other words, for as long as the network remains in full-blocks state, the simple answer to your question is "somewhat, but you can never be assured of the timeframe".
@_date: 2016-06-01 18:13:50


I'm sorry, but that's just not the story Core are pushing. And with the Relay Network, it's really truly innacurate. Please refer to the only peer reviewed and published academic paper that's been done on the matter of decentralisation.


You've repeated this quite a few times already. Who on earth said xTB is about this? Are you even reading the articles?


Haha, ok well. What you also implied, though, was that that was CB's function, which is decidedly **not** true.
@_date: 2016-06-07 16:11:56
Oh hi, it seems you're out to slander me again, without even having bothered to "prove" how I was "making up facts" in that very debate. So perhaps you can answer it here, and settle once and for all, why oh why in the event of a Clazzic HF, even if Coinbase decided to support the Clazzic fork, signing a transaction with their online tool  (unspent since the HF took place) and then manually broadcasting it from your node (and chain) of choice would not succeed in taking your coins out, even in the "losing" chain.
Edit: It seems you weren't able to read my response on that thread because it was hidden (sencored*) unbeknownst to me. It is available for view in my comment history, but the gist of it is what I just described. So awesome! You support a place  where such behaviours inhibit serious debate.
 * edit2: I'll have to recast this comment with alternate spelling to avoid tripping the anti-freedom mechanism from this place. Fanfuckingtastic
@_date: 2016-06-05 21:09:09
You'd be more credible if your "argument" didn't outright include the "being a shill" accusation up front.
Feel free to argue whatever point you feel luke had here (that he then, unsurprisingly, decided to abandon pursuing), or even point where exactly I'm being unwarrantedly hostile, because frankly I don't see it.
@_date: 2016-06-01 19:42:19
This is such an often repeated innacuracy on the part of core, that I fear they're starting to believe it themselves. I'm going to love seeing them try to "fork out" the current miners with a PoW change, only to see this new chain fail spectacularly.
@_date: 2016-06-09 06:05:29
So first you say that the rules are clear, and then you admit that there are things I could say that are **not** written in the rules, that **will** get my comments vanished, invisibly, and without chance for recourse.
Don't you see how ironically twisted this whole thing is?
Oh I'm sorry, they're "aids in moderation". That's 100% different, and makes it all perfectly OK.
@_date: 2016-06-28 06:27:07
Agreed, now, kindly, cite such "research".
Oh there isn't any? It wouldn't happen to be the exact same kind of argument-from-authority you just denounced against, would it?
@_date: 2016-06-01 04:44:00


I agree 100% in that it's unnecessary to go ahead with on-chain scaling today. But it's a talking point repeated by Core ad nauseum, so please take it up with them if you disagree with these sorts of things. The level of cognitive dissonance is staggering.


Ah, the goalposts shift yet again. Regardless, some other redditor published results a few weeks ago about the measurement of this very variable achieved with xTB, which is remarkable.


I'm not complaining; I merely pointed out that you're spreading misinformation regarding this matter. 
@_date: 2016-06-09 13:02:17
I appreciate you taking the time but it really doesn't change the facts, plus you're being sneakily dishonest in your explanation. I'm not even going to discuss the whole "off topic as justification for cens0rship" (do you think it's not obvious that's one of the magic words?), because others already have to great extents, with similarly unsatisfactory action on your party, and unsatisfactory responsibilities-demanding on the part of the usual crowd from around here.


This would sound reasonable. You're making it sound like this "flagging" would be just that, an assurance that a mod would pay attention to it. In reality though, the default behaviour by the auto mod is to **ban and flag** the comment immediately, only to require a fair and honest mod to un-ban it. With the obviously predictable result that most of those comments go on to remain banned, be it via honest-to-god short-staffedness, lazyness, or plain corruption. But of course the users, can never know.
The whole thing is rather disgusting, decidedly unethical, and definitely 100% against the open and cens0rship-resistance spirit of bitcoin. At the very least have the decency to stop trying to further deceive everyone.
@_date: 2016-06-26 10:35:22
"Artificial" in this context is meant to mean "not done out of technical necessity", which could be considered a "natural limit of the network".
@_date: 2016-06-28 12:39:25
The second part of your phrase, that's the 2mb HF. But cool, explain how the paper supports that kind of priority as well.
@_date: 2016-06-02 13:30:01


I was unaware. Please point me towards the release, technical document detailing it, or academic paper exploring such solution.
@_date: 2016-06-10 11:13:38
This is a horrible idea.
@_date: 2016-06-12 06:54:36
Your ever changing definition of "bitcoin developer" is quite dishonest, Gregory. I'm not surprised by this, but you should definitely strive to be a better and more professional leader moving forward.
@_date: 2016-06-07 16:32:13


Those 2 phrases. They're incompatible when it comes to the blocksize debate.
@_date: 2016-06-22 17:26:53


This is completely false for as long as miners (the ones actually producing the blocks) remain able to be on-time. Are you suggesting current miners are bandwidth-constrained at this or even 20x blocksizes?
I'm afraid you misunderstand how bitcoin works.
@_date: 2016-06-22 20:16:50
He, fun stuff, my previous comment was "removed" (no reason given, and no rule that I know of broken). I'll repost.
Let's give this a go:
* ~~you didn't use a high enough fee! Stop mooching off, do you think you should be able to transact for free?~~
* ~~you didn't use the *correct* wallet. LOL you're a noob~~
* ~~stop spamming the blockchain! Your "transaction" is not worthy~~
* ~~you spent an unconfirmed transaction, you dummy. Your own damn fault~~
* ~~oh sit and relax. Did you know visa payments take a month to be final? Surely you can wait a few minutes/hours/days. Welcome to the revolution in money!~~
* uhmm... What's the next  step here? Guys? What's the narrative supposed to be here? (linked to luke, greg, and adam, one of which surely reported me).
@_date: 2016-06-09 05:12:39
I don't see in the rules the target words that trigger the automoderator, or indeed that any such thing is even in effect.
So no, the rules aren't clear at all.
@_date: 2016-01-26 12:04:03
You are absolutely right on the copyright aspect, I was confusing the term with the concept of "trademark".
My point still stands; bitcoin is not a " brand", recognisable as it might be, it describes a system rather than a product, and it that sense nobody is "piggybacking" on it, but rather making the improvements the system requires (and which the market agrees on), that the core dev team refuse to.
@_date: 2016-06-07 12:07:01
Shit, this sneaked up on me. Fuck.
@_date: 2016-06-26 10:38:35
Because "incorrect fees" are not the problem that it's plaguing the network.
But you know this, and if you believed you were right you would have already looked into building your own "truly smart" wallet, and make a nice payday at the expense of "all of those other idiot wallet developers that can't do things right".
@_date: 2016-06-07 15:37:19
I did, as I commented in response to that question. Unsurprisingly, upon learning this, Maxwell has remained silent.
I fail to see how the Cornell study supports the dangerousness of the 2mb HF, though.
@_date: 2016-06-02 11:14:47


Wrong. I'll explain.


Nobody knows how to make the LN be truly decentralised, ie: uncensorable. Without this crucial, yet seemingly insignificant to people like you, quality, a network that is being intentionally crippled on-chain access, whose "real world" functioning is dumped onto these sorts of censorable L2 "solutions", is just as subject to control as the current world banking system is. This is not the bitcoin I want.
Regardless, where are the applications, the wallets, the infrastructure for using bitcoin with the LN **today** as you claim? I cannot use or manage my bitcoin using the LN, and you saying so is a blatant lie. So even if we disregard the censorship problem (because fuck the ideals of "being one's own bank", "allowing the unbanked to enter the world economy", and the rest of the tenets that made bitcoin exciting just a year ago), restricting on chain transactions today in the absence of such a system, is measurably halting adoption, making it spill-over to other cryptos, and ultimately will be the demise of bitcoin if its not fixed.


Please point out exactly where I've ever made **any** deceitful comments, or else I'll ask you to stop repeating such slander. Regarding your whole "these people are being *so* negative, don't they see bitcoin has a bright future?"... Well can I say. I'm sure the  administrators that ordered the Challenger Space Shuttle mission to continue despite various engineers' voicing concerns with the faulty design of the rocket boosters' O-ring seals would understand your resentment, but otherwise, the simple reality is that analyzing potential and occurring problems, and voicing our concerns over such things, makes it hard to define us as enemies of bitcoin. Quite the opposite, I might add.
But sure, continue denying. Continue trusting mindlessly, and without skepticism, people who aside from being *far* from experts in the relevant field of economics, have deep, concerning, unrecognised, and blatantly dismissed, conflicts of interests with developing the original vision for bitcoin. I'm sure bitcoin will go far with such a "positive" attitude.
@_date: 2016-06-01 20:48:19
Oh my, No True Scotsmans. 
I don't have a "model", the whole shebang with the HK rushed and secret meetings is perfectly public (except for the actual content of the meetings, that is, aside from some minor indiscretions on the part of the odd miner). If you don't believe the guys at Core are very actively fighting to keep their implementation in the main spot, you're engaging in pure and simple denial.


If you truly believe the whole community (and hell, even the very miners that are very publicly asking Core for a hardfork) support the 1mb restriction, why are you not advocating for a freely-choosable cap? If you're right, surely the majority of blocks would be 1mb, and any higher blocks would be orphaned by the network in accordance to real, actual, on-chain consensus.
Your cognitive dissonance is staggering.
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:55:11
That would be "endorsing" blockstream's solution in favour of other people/companies'. That's quite unfair I would say.
@_date: 2016-06-10 14:27:25
No, it was merely a concern regarding conflating the 2 projects, as I thought you meant to just add it into the main full-node bitcoin implementation.
Wallets are fine and an obvious "feature", though.
@_date: 2016-06-03 19:25:40
Your attempt at smearing them is transparent as glass. 
Coinbase (and any company, for that matter), can choose to work with whomever they deem appropriate, and they can also choose to stop working with them whenever they so much as get a funny feeling from them. In this instance, Peter instigated, and ultimately pushed (without community consensus, but that's another debate for another day) a change that completely and fundamentally altered the way bitcoin was being used by the industry that Coinbase is a part of. So they decided they no longer wanted to work with him. Big woop.
Your rhetoric is fun and all, if completely vacuous. You're attempting to make waves out of nothing, in an attempt to discredit Coinbase, as was Peter with his not-so-subtle implication.
You guys should really just get alt accounts to perform this sort of dirty job, because I find this kind of behaviour repropable from supposed leaders of the protocol.
@_date: 2016-06-09 05:07:39
I'm sorry you got so offended at my pointing out how actually ignorant he is, and how obvious his attempt at smearing a private company was. 




I think this explains it all. Do you see the irony?
@_date: 2016-06-06 20:56:43
I too would have liked to see this submitted to a journal. Its intent is to inform though. And it's a fantastic information tool. I think that's OK too. 
Not to justify them or anything, but sometimes it feels as if it's a case of "damned if you do, and damned if you don't". The last time a peer-reviewed article was posted here by an independent university group, it was denied all the way to hell. The response from the Core devs was absolute silence. 
Meanwhile, take a look at this thread. You're asking for further evidence, and that's fantastic. You're the highest voted comment right now in the thread. The rest of the comments, though, range from criticisms of a vulnerability that was just discovered, to praises of the absolutely most efficient scheme by Core which doesn't even exist yet. With zero proof.
It certainly feels like there's a narrative that needs to fit here. So far this is the only TB implementation that's out there and working. Why don't we strive to apply the same measuring stick to everything?
@_date: 2016-06-26 12:47:20
And what makes you think I don't do both?
@_date: 2016-06-28 11:09:28
Wow. Listen Luke, most people here were willing to turn a blind eye to what the vast majority of us consider to be wildly irrational "religious" beliefs, *as long as they wouldn't interfere with your capacity to be a rational and functional leader of the community*, as part of the Core developers.
But man, denying something that is very clearly written in a very public (and publicly available) agreement that **you** signed seems to bury that conditional. I honestly believe you should step down as a contributor to Core and Bitcoin public figure, for your own, as well as bitcoin's, sake. Please consider it.
@_date: 2016-06-29 05:38:10
Uh, rage-quitting and troll-calling. Whst an unexpected turn of events!




Nice straw man! Yes, the paper supports not &gt;4mb blocks, which means it does **not** support prioritising anything before a 2mb HF, which, I won't let you forget, was your original claim. 
You're dishonest, consciously or not, and all this rightrgeous indignation should clue you in on the rrason. But that's something I'll leave up to your therapist to bring up.
@_date: 2016-06-14 20:55:37
And even if you discounted that, the sudden price surge would more than plausibly explain increased tx volumes.
@_date: 2016-06-27 08:31:39
Oh, subtly dissing a competing network without actually commenting on the data.
Sneaky, Matt. 
@_date: 2016-06-27 08:47:30
Will you yield if I actually get down to answering your very specific questions? Will you change your mind? Will you reevaluate the trolling attitude you have in this, but especially the other forum?
I ask because reaponding directly would take me a bit of time, and I've debated with you in the past, and my experience isn't that you're an intellectually honest person with whom it's worth it to take those kinds of efforts. So I see you demand all that info, and even though I can absolutely provide it, my honest first reaction is "for pb1x? What good is it going to do anyone? What will it change?". So... You know.
@_date: 2016-06-26 12:12:30


What does this even mean? But more to thepoint, you're back to blaming other actors for not adhering to your own personal liking for what the "solution" to this very real problem is. First it was "lol dumb wallets don't calculate fees dynamically". Now most of them do. What's your next step? Continue stacking bloody band-aids on top of each other (such as RBF), and then continue to berate users because they won't stick with all that blood?
  . &gt;1$ transactions aren't infrequent now, and you continue holding that people "aren't paying enough fees", all the while you continue avoiding or red-herring the question you get asked often, which is: when everyone is willing to pay "high enough fees" (however of a fucked up and intentionally nebulous concept it is due to its undisprovability), how  are people supposed to continue transacting on bitcoin? I think we're pretty close or peehaps even there (currently as a newbie it's much harder to send an under-market transaction fee than not), and while I understand why people like you choose to be in denial about it, the reality just is unavoidable.
And if you'll continue to expect unprecedented and once-in-a-lifetime economic events (china's capital flight and brexit) to continue hoisting btc's price despite the evident and publicised lamentable state of dysfunctionality the network is in, well... You're in for a rude awakening.
@_date: 2016-06-15 05:10:39
And the pr0paganda machine starts once again...
I hope you're right, and this "inconsequential attack" doesn't actually end up leading to increasingly high fees and unreliable confirmation times. Surely this sub won't start filling up again with posts from newbies asking WTH is going on like it did the last time "the network was attacked".
@_date: 2015-08-05 19:52:18
It **should** be a big deal to you, though. Please research your options further so that, in the future, you don't end up without control of your money if a company screws up.
@_date: 2015-07-13 16:04:21
I go to eat at a restaurant. Now the restauranter charges me for it under the threat of calling the police. THEFT!
People continuing to repeat this mantra doesn't make it true. Either present some newer arguments from the old, tired, and fallacious ancap ideologists (while not understanding that it's just that -an ideology- rather than fact); or else you're going to need to expound your logic. But then of course you risk being refuted with very basic logic.
@_date: 2015-07-16 08:24:11
Would you happen to have the article in question around there?
I'm sorry you perceive providing sources for your claims as tedious detective work; but when the "source" you provide at first seems to contradict what you're saying, and the "source of the source" is not readily evident from the first source, and furthermore when that second source is not even available anywhere online (even from an institution with academic access which is where I am); it just seems weird to me that you'd act offended that I won't take your word for it when it comes to such a claim.
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:38:29


Oh, on that I agree. Don't know how you'd achieve contentment with the thought that it's pointless to try and change it, but yeah, that's another option. One I'd never see myself take safe for extrenuating circumstances, but sure.


After you've eaten it, you mean?
@_date: 2015-07-14 16:36:33


I don't care for your emotional arguments, so let me reiterate that these are your words, not mine.




If your whole argument is going to rest on the concept of [**legitimacy**]( then I have bad news for you... Most modern governments are perfectly legitimate by any definition of the word I could find. 
You're going to need to find another argument.
@_date: 2015-07-17 13:46:10
You have not so far, actually.
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:56:40
This could just as well read as parody. I get that you believe in your ideology, but your incapability of understanding that it's just that -an ideology-, and without a shred of economic evidence to back it up at that, makes my head spin imagining the kind of mental gymnastics you must have had to go through to end up with that kind of unwavering conviction.
My condolences.
@_date: 2015-07-14 05:14:30


We must live in different realities. But for argument's sake, do enlighten me. And boy do I hope you're not referring to the american frontier.
@_date: 2015-07-14 16:40:02


I have not, perhaps you're confusing me with someone else.
At any rate, if your debating style is going to consist of logical fallacies, appeals to emotions, and a childish burdening of proof to the asking party (let alone the sad attempts at censorship by downvoting all my comments), I'm just utterly uninterested. Have a good day, you and your illusion of superiority.
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:49:25


Surely there are functional countries that you agree with more than your own? And if not, if you're a staunch ancap, there's Congo and Somalia (indeed!) to name a couple of places without much of a functional government. But then again they're not exactlt the free-market utopia your ideology says should have arisen, so I guess you *would* be restricted to another planet.


I'm not american, so you'll excuse me if I don't regard these mythical figures as these honorable, well-intentioned, demi gods that you people seem to. In that sense I would definitely and decidedly would have advised against a war. History has this funny way of labelling the winners the "good guys" and their actions the most wholesome and preferable out of all the available options. Needless to say I won't play to those characterisations.
@_date: 2015-07-13 17:30:33


And governments are not? 
What is keeping you from leaving this country that you disagree with so much?
@_date: 2015-07-14 08:50:05


Why would you? We're discussing the merits of libertarianism here, unless I'm missing something.
But then again, sadly this is not the first (nor last) time that a debate on it ends up devolving into straw-men arguments.


I never claimed this was the ultimate consequence either. But if you're keen on discussing the merits of such a system, I'll let you pick a libertarian society.
I will ask that you stick to logical and non-fallacious arguments, please. It's tiresome spending most of the time writing a comment pointing those out, so as not to let the debate be derailed into emotional or similar appeals. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 17:18:09
So you have 2 options then: seek to change your government to cater to your wants, or else leave your country for one with a government you agree with, or better yet (in the case of you being an anarcho-capitalist), one without a government at all (or a functional one, at least). 
The problem with the former plan is that  a) you don't get to whine or, b) you're forced to face the reality that living in a functional society means most services are non-dissociable from the community (or else they would become so prohibitely expensive it wouldn't even be funny and certainly not affordable; case in point: the cost of healthcare in the US vs other countries); and the problem with the latter is that they tend to be the kind of places no person (rational or not) would like to live in... But somehow the causal relationship gets lost on the people arguing for this.
Getting back to the restauramt analogy, it would be like complaining that you don't want for the A/C bill to be reflected on your check, since you're perfectly happy being hot...
@_date: 2015-07-15 22:03:00
Could you point to where exactly it states that? I've read quite a bit already, and the closest I've gotten to what you said is a statement of the evident fact that in inelastic markets the companies can charge more... But so far no evidence to the fact that charging so much is necessary to recoup R&amp;D costs for the drug.
If anything, (in fact it's in the conclusions), your source says the US could benefit from government-backed bargaining power to lower drug costs.
@_date: 2016-02-01 21:21:45
Oh, I wasn't aware "average bitcoiners" were responsible for big proportions of hashing power...
@_date: 2016-02-03 08:43:47
Verification is impossible when a) there's no publicly visible code yet, and b), even the people in charge of it can't be bothered to explain how it will work.
@_date: 2016-02-08 09:57:04
This is absolutely the best way to go for long term. Storing a few physical copies, as well as the pdf's digitally.
@_date: 2016-02-04 06:29:24
So no source, i take it.
@_date: 2015-07-14 05:12:23


That's funny because from where I'm standing, it seems to me that just by writing that comment over the internet, from your home, and while alive, you're using plenty of government services. And you've done so since the moment you were born.
I know people with this ideology like to think they're self-made people, but there's a reason ideologies like this don't emerge in places where there is no effective government. People there tend to have quite more urgent matters to tend to.
I do hope you never get to find out exactly what a life like that would be like. I won't embarass you by asking you whether you've actually been to one of such places to see for yourself what a "truly free market" really breeds.
@_date: 2016-02-07 00:36:43


You've been conditioned to fear a mythical beast that's in reality the anti censorship mechanism for bitcoin. As in "it was designed to be exactly this way".
The fact that you're so terrorised by this possibility really speaks to the audacity of the people pushing this agenda.
@_date: 2016-02-08 18:12:00
Oh, so am I, but I was offering a somewhat realistic explanation for why new investment is going towards the likes of ethereum, rather than bitcoin as it used to be.
@_date: 2016-02-04 06:25:33
Nah, I'd settle for them to stop crippling my regular bitcoin to create a market for it.
@_date: 2016-02-06 20:10:55
Except bank runs occur because banks use fractional reserves. My bitcoins aren't "reserves", they're mine, and I don't have them in any bank.
Your analogy is wholly innacurate, to say the least.
@_date: 2016-02-04 18:11:11
Not very many people are opposed to Segregated Witness being implemented, provided it's done in a responsible manner, which would probably mean far more testing time until the code is absolutely robust, and likely also that it's not deployed as a soft-fork. 
But mainly, people are angry at the way in which it was proposed: it's being sold as a scalability solution when the increased capacity is both dependent on adoption and merely a happy side effect. It also happens to be one of the things that is required for things like LN to work, casting a heavy shadow over their motivations and their curious stubbornness in implementing the more complex and dangerous solution to an immediate scalability bump, and in an insecure form at that, only to comply with their narrative that HFs are undesirable that only fools would attempt.
@_date: 2016-02-03 14:29:11
They're not the same thing: mining is already primarily ocurring in datacenters since before blocks weren't even 400kb. It's the nature of asics, markets, invedtment, and power efficiency. 
Short of changing the PoW (and even then it'd only be a temporary decentralisation), there's nothing that can be done at the protocol level to make miners primarily consist of regular users in their moms' basements. Not a thing. It doesn't mean mining isn't decentralised enough, though, or that it happening in datacenters makes us terribly more vulnerable to outside manipulation (I'd argue it makes us less vulnerable).
@_date: 2015-07-13 15:57:51
Implying that a political orientation makes you intrinsincally smarter.
How much more circle-jerky can this sub get?
@_date: 2016-02-03 22:30:25
There are layer of explanations. They, for instance, "explained" that they won't raise the limit because they believe a fee market needs to be developed. They say being a payment network was never the plan (when it clearly was). they say it is in the best interest of the miners, and they disagree.
What they don't say, is a single, truthful "why".
@_date: 2016-02-08 18:13:37
Yes, yes, off-blockchain transactions are great and will help alleviate the problem; however arguing that a centralised, US system could be a solution to a very real and very grave problem to what's touted as a decentralised, borderless currency, seems rather self-defeating.
@_date: 2015-07-15 14:38:40


I hear this often, but not outside of healthcare reform debates. Nowhere has anyone been able to provide a solid source or proof for this being the case, perhaps yhis time will be different? 
Please source your claim.
@_date: 2016-02-06 18:29:51
Right now it is becoming ever more difficult to transact between 2 people because the blocks are full. Paying high fees for the luxury of transacting on the blockchain is very uncash-like.
@_date: 2016-02-03 20:30:57
You're proposing authoritarian central planning. That's not what i was sold on when i started using in 2013.
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:10:58
Makes me seem dishonest? LOL.
No, seriously now, i understand that you disagree, bit this isn't "mob rule" anymore than democracies are. Bitcoin would be utterly useless if a very small group of people (4-9 in this case, depending on how you're counting) were able to enforce arbitrary changes to the protocol, and stagnate it in other areas. I see now that this intrinsic capacity of bitcoin to be resistant to censorship and absolutist control in this instance makes you angry, because you have chosen to believe the "technical arguments" the core devs have put forward. That's fine, but it doesn't make it mob rule. It makes you disagree with the original vision for bitcoin, and that's fine as well, it just means you'll have to find a more suitable alt coin that suits your needs. Or stick with the minority chain when the fork happens, at this rate god knows it seems likely the current devs seem willing to do all sorts of things to not give up the illusion of control.
We could spend several days and replies discussing why, in precise technical terms, you believe this hard fork to be the doom of bitcoin, and the blockstream guys' way the only possible solution that justifies them throwing the sort of temper tantrums they have (threatening to change the PoW, to quit the project, etc...), but what it comes down to is, the current devs are not the only people who understand the code intimately, and they absolutely are not the brightest when it comes to things they haven't even trained in, but still hold irrevocable opinions on, such as micro and macroeconomics, distributed systems, etc. They have not only failed, but been hostile towards the community regarding some of these concerns, not to mention the disagreement over some fundamental matters such as the purpose of bitcoin itself (which they suddenly want to change from being a payment network to a much more restrictive and expensive settlement network, deviating from the original social contract); and so the only possible resolution to this conflict is to fork away from the protocol we disagree with.
But don't hold any doubt about who's responsible for this action: all miners and I wager even most people from the community would be content if the devs were willing to listen and compromise on at least some of those matters, but their message of "our way or the highway" was what ultimately spurred this movement.
So no, not quite "mob rule".
@_date: 2016-02-04 06:27:02
Really, that's your answer? By all means I'm open to changing my mind, please link me to anything resembling what i described.
@_date: 2016-02-04 06:32:11
And here i was convinced it was big blockers who loved a conspiracy theory!
You genuinely can't understand that people just really, really want big blocks, can't you? 
@_date: 2016-02-03 08:51:52
Your doublespeak is unbelievable. Now having discussions with the community and compromising are "backroom deals", and stubbornness, rigidity, obfuscation of motives and actions is "integrity".
I see now that evidence and reason won't sway you,so I won't even try to.


This is a funny way of reading the situation, since from all the available info it seems more than likely that the fork is happening, and all due to all the actions you interpret as "integrity". I mean, from my PoV of course this is the best outcome, if the core devs weren't quite so arrogant and compromised on even symbolic meaningless matters, this situation would not be happening, and they would continue to be in charge of bitcoin; but they brought this entirely on themselves. I just want to know what about this situation seems to be looking good for them.
@_date: 2015-07-15 22:10:10
Your comments are plaged by axiomatic claims that simply do not hold water, much as you claim they do. To the point of being innerly-inconsistent.
I've provided a source to defned my point. Provide some yourself, or I just won't reply any further. 
How proudly you demonstrate your ignorance of the most basic notions of international law is concerning. One can't simply make stuff up and present it as fact. 
@_date: 2016-02-03 12:53:35
Yup. My thoughts on the matter are quite similar to his, except for your interpretation that "he wanta to move all mining to datacenters".
I don't really see a problem with any of that. The " blocksize problem" is one of those dogmas that only the people at the church of core have been indoctrinated to worry about. The rest of us believe that market forces and technological development (such as thinblocks) will make it a non-issue at all.
@_date: 2016-02-01 19:29:39
If bitcoin is doomed without a particular group of people, then it's neither as decentralized nor as unique as we were led to believe. 
@_date: 2016-02-03 11:53:21
Please don't take this the wrong way, because I fon't mean it as an isult, but it scares me that there are people who believe the things you do. Not even the core devs hold those beliefs.
Have a nice day, and I hope that when the fork happens and not only does the world not come crashing down, but bitcoin actually continues organically growing as it has up to this point, people like you will be able to take those conspiracy theories and dogmatic beliefs from the chruch of core, and criticise them for the propaganda that they are.
@_date: 2016-02-03 22:09:39
We shall see then, shan't we?
@_date: 2016-02-03 08:58:11
By whom? Gavin? Gavin doesn't represent the community. If they truly had compromised, they would have released in Core and let the market decide. It was politicking and I'm surprised you are fooled by that.
You didn't answer my question.
@_date: 2016-02-08 09:48:48
As of the last few months, bitcoin doesn't have the capacity to accomodate much further growth. 
@_date: 2016-02-03 16:42:03
If you believe so (I strongly disagree but dont want to get into it), then you can very well run a full node and nothing can stop you. Not even Gavin, who, again, didn't say the things you claim.
@_date: 2016-02-03 20:55:19
Well, thankfully the majority of people disagree with you. Bitcoin's vote-by-hash mechanism is it's fundamental anti-censorship measure. That you're now lamenting that makes me think 6m it's not really bitcoin what you signed up for, but something else. Ethereum seems to have most of the features you seem to want in a currency, for instance. Or perhaps ripple.
@_date: 2016-02-03 22:09:00
The voting I'm talking about is indeed effected by the miners,not by a site; the site only makes it more efficient not to waste time coding stuff nobody will want. By assuming that their interests are aligned with mine due to their livelihood coming from its value, I
@_date: 2016-02-03 08:21:32


Oh, a slippery slope argument. Actually no, the chinese miners will only accept 2mb for now, which is why Gavin compromised down from what he believed a more ideal immediate cap to be. Not 2 weeks ago it was leaked that during the talks between chinese miners they would be willing to stay with core if they so much as commited themselves to a **real** 2mb blocksize increase (can we stop with the segwit thing? It's not even remotely the same, it's a far more complex and unknown solution, and most people believe  (heck even Todd came out admitting it) it to be a security concern if released via softfork, which is what core are planning to do) at some point in the not necessarily near future. But no, Core does not compromise, Core is always right, and fuck everyone else for daring to disagree. Luke Jr. non-jokingly commented on an IRC dev meeting a few weeks ago that he would be all for reducing the cap even further to 500kb. 
Fuck that noise, and I'm sorry that you support such a group of people. The rest of the world has moved on, and this fork is happening. Can't wait.
@_date: 2012-09-09 03:32:32
I don't think I madre any sort of logical jump there. You said that because there are never consequences (privacy and untraceability), bitcoin attracts scammers (criminals).
Please point out exactly where, according to you, I made a mistake in my conclusions and why. A snarky, sarcastic, passive-aggresive, and insulting remark, contrary to what you seem to believe, doesn't show that you're right, that I'm wrong, that you're a genius, or that I'm stupid. It just makes you seem cornered and at your wit's end.
So again I ask you: After so many snyde remarks without actually wanting to get into the topic, you're now going to have to use actual logic to defend your point, if it is indeed different than the conclusions I drew.
Edit: also downvoting all the comments you disagree with won't make them wrong.
@_date: 2016-02-07 00:51:55
It's funny how we agree on the premises yet not the conclusions. Heck, [even at core they know the conclusions are indisputable, so they had to change the premises instead to sit the narrative of their scalability plan](
Mining centralisation is a problem to be dealt with no doubt, but it's already here. And at any rate it can't possibly justify artificially restricting bitcoin's capacity. So how about we continue working on technological solutions to reduce the centralisation, while not restricting the network at the same time?
@_date: 2016-02-03 07:14:05


That's great and all, but what version of Core has this 2mb limit built in? Exactly. If Core were actually willing to do 2mb, the hardfork wouldn't be happening.
@_date: 2016-02-07 00:39:32
That is precisely right. It can (and absolutely should) go both ways. Core will be able to be the maintainers of the majority implementation as soon as they stop trying to push what they consider to be "their vastly superior solution", and provide what the market sees as valuable instead.
@_date: 2016-02-03 23:42:23
It's not a competitor as it's planning to build on to of the blockchain; but it's not agnostic to it either. For their business model to work bitcoin needs to be popular and succeed. But at the same time, some of their products (like LN) may overlap in functionality in some use cases with the blockchain itself. So it can absolutely be argued (and they somewhat fragmentarily admit to it), that their recent actions (blicksize debate, RBF...) are meant to artificially raise the price of fees or break zero-conf to allegedly make some of those products be preferable.
Some of us in the community believe there are many irreconcilable and innerly inconsistent aspects of this plan, and so would very much rather development were taken over by people who aren't seeking to artificially hinder its growth.
@_date: 2016-02-07 18:02:06
Oh for god's sake. I'm one of the people that guy was arguing with. He's just a passionate (if misguided) guy working and devoting his personal time to a cause he believes in. His "contribution", as he explained, will consist in ready-to-run AWS images (unsigned and unofficial at that) for people willing to pay for a virtual node.
Hardly conspiracy-worthy material.
@_date: 2016-02-08 16:02:23
I honestly don't understand your analogy to gold. With gold there's no limit to the transaction capacity. With bitcoin there is. This remains true regardless of whatever point you were trying to make about the supply of the coins themselves.
@_date: 2016-02-01 19:25:21
This is the kind of ~~FUD~~ analysis they disagree with, apparently. Since big miners are certainly not stupid, and as you said they have not only a lot of money already invested, but they're very interested in seeing button grow and succeed, this action should make you think a bit about what all this means.
In fact, I'm pretty surprised that with this information your first reaction is "wow they must be dumb".
@_date: 2016-02-03 16:06:10
Non mining nodes provide little value to the security of the network, being only valuable as blockchain backups and network interconnectivity, essentially.
This is not to say they shouldn't exist (I myself run one), but it's also completely false that "Gavin is saying move the full nodes to data centers". His blogpost just yesterday supported removing the cap for regular nodes that everyday people could run. What he **is** saying, and this is absolutely true, is that for an ordinary person to run a full node that isn't a) on 24/7, b) has a high bandwidth connection, and c) can support and maintain more than 8 connections, it would be hurting the network more than it would be contributing to it. That is a very far departure from your statements, which i would qualify as willfully slanderous or at best severely uneducated.
@_date: 2016-02-01 19:13:12
That's an interesting idea no doubt, but so far I have never seen any such small time  waste heat recycling from any other of the myriad appliances to generate heatas ae side effect. So forgive me if I don't count on this nonexistent, yet still highly specific appliance to save Bitcoin from centralization; and certainly not to post-hoc justify the core devs' intentional crippling of the network for the sake of decentralisation.
@_date: 2012-09-09 14:11:50
What moral high ground do you fantasise I claimed to have? Please enlighten me. Also, answer the questions, stop avoiding the subject.
@_date: 2012-12-07 11:33:01
You can have both this account for your "regular" stuff, and your personal wallet for other things. Interoperability with other banks (as well as automatic conversion to BTC and back!) is an undeniably good thing, me thinks.
@_date: 2016-02-01 11:02:57
Exactly right. The cited quotes in OP I greatly agree with, but the present Maxwell isn't the person who said those very true and very pragmatic things. Even with the current extremely conservative block size cap we have a centralisation somewhat issue, so we must conclude that it is not due to technological limitations, but rather to market forces. And indeed, as long as asics exist, and as long as mining farms are more profitable and efficient than individual small-time operations, which is pretty much always, mining will always tend to centralise, regardless of the technological non-limitations to block propagation.
The inability of present-day Maxwell to understand this very simple aspect of the nature of markets, I can't decide yet if it's due to incompetence and ignorance, or a façade to cover up ulterior motivations. Either way it makes him unsuitable to lead a self-proclaimed decentralised and freedom-centric project.
@_date: 2016-09-08 11:58:43
Uh, no buddy:
a) this year wasn't when the highest market cap was reached.
b) june highest tx numbers vs your claim: "Transactions are constantly hitting all time highs" when in reality avg. daily txns have stagnated since february, which is completely unprecedented in the history of bitcoin.
c) your "counterpoint" to my anecdotal evidence was a news aggregation site that is very far from diaproving my claim that this has been the worst year for business adoption. Now granted, it's probably a hard claim to prove or disprove, but what can I say... You're so ridiculously wrong on the other 2 it's just sad. You truly believe bitcoin is doing better than ever... My god.
@_date: 2016-02-07 00:30:17
Care to elaborate on that? What part of what I said is untrue or indeed nonsensical?
@_date: 2012-09-08 22:35:06


I'm sorry, but what does this mean? I only ask because I can't understand what your point is (although I think I can guess it, I don't want to assume things).
@_date: 2012-12-07 11:19:45
Indeed. The price won't *probably* go up, it **surely** will. Bitcoin was designed to be able to theoretically work in the real-world economy, and the way this happens as the adoption grows is that the price gradually but drastically rises until we're using bitcoins on the order of the micro- and nano-BTCs. I think currently BTC can be divided up to 8 decimal points, but IIRC this can be changed in the future, specially considering at some point new coins will stop being generated. 
A bank supporting BTC is an unexpected development that will definitely drastically put BTC on the map way before even the optimists amongst us had predicted.
@_date: 2012-09-08 23:28:17
I don't see how your claims would be different if you substituted "bitcoins" with "dollars". What is it that you contend that is inherent to bitcoins that links it to scammers?
@_date: 2012-09-16 10:03:10
Indeed this would be an obstacle to it becoming really widespread. No doubt this is something we'd all like to see; but in the end the mainstream having a bad opinion of bitcoin doesn't make it any less useful within individuals who do use it.
In other words, they can beat it all they want, but they'll never be able to really kill it. And any diminishing of what should to be an incredibly expensive and continous public campaign to demonise bitcoin would result in an increase in its adoption rate.
@_date: 2012-09-08 20:41:23
Not everything a government does can be financed that way. 
@_date: 2016-09-01 21:23:38


Riiight. Listen you're clearly trying to turn this into a debate about a system that's never proven succesful, and I just couldn't care less. Contrary to your false-dichotomy claims, understanting and wanting bitcoin to succeed (in its original form) has nothing to do with state vs. statelessness (or would you presume to tell me what it is that I actually believe in?).


Yeah, well, except the actual field of economics doesn't agree. Like, at all.
Anyways, nice chat. You're just discussing your concern du jour, and I've been over this way too many times to rehash it with people who fancy themselves experts in macroeconomics after reading a book (if that).
@_date: 2012-12-07 11:21:06


Yes, just like they do with other currencies.
@_date: 2016-09-07 16:45:57
ITT: people dissing Nobel laureates and whole schools of economics as if they were holders of some unattainable (by the rest of the world), yet obvious truth.
Regardless, why is everyone so quick to dismiss his analysis without a second thought? Here's a question: has bitcoin continued to grow in market capitalisation during this year as it had the years before? Has it continued it's unrelenting user adoption? How many new businesses and services have adopted it this year vs. the previous ones? Has its transaction rate continued to increase?
And with the answer to these questions, would it not be a reasonable conclusion for an economist used to think in macroeconomic terms to believe that bitcoin has effectively been "shut down" or in the process of it?
@_date: 2012-11-19 09:09:49
Exactly. They might monitor everything you do on your *browser*, but unless they've started installing spyware I don't know about, they can't know what it is I do with my bitcoin client and wallet.
@_date: 2016-09-02 06:30:31


Yeah hippy communes tried to turn such beliefs into viable societies in the 70's. It just didn't work, but they at least understood some basic level economics.
Listen, it's fine. Your need to insult me stems from the frustration of being unable to counter my points with rational arguments. It's really common whenever I encounter a wild an-cap or "voluntaryst" (as it seems to be the term du jour on reddit). It's perfectly human response, even if it contradicts  your narrative of ultimate rationality and morality.
For that, I can't get offended, the same way I don't get offended disconnected from reality in other manners (it has to do with my job but that's another story). I strongly encourage you to reflect on why upon what was a perfectly calm conversation, you felt such a primal need to use non-rational arguments, and stoop down to personal insults. I would also encourage you to better study the subject you seem to love so much so as not to get angry and blindsided in the future when someone debates against you, but sadly you've chosen to believe in something so irrational and so detached from the reality of the world and human nature, so downright impossible, that I'm afraid no matter how much you study, anyone even remotely intelligent and savvy enough to recognise the primitive and blatant logical fallacies you need to resort to just to keep the conversation going, would put you into this position all over again.
So i guess all i can do is wish you good luck! And to continue enjoying all of those "fruits of violence" you enjoy every second of your life, that you claim to despise so.
@_date: 2016-09-14 03:09:27
Haha will you not admit that you were miserably wrong when you stated that a node running with blocksonlymode activated wasn't a full node?
@_date: 2016-09-12 04:44:43
He means BTC, and while what you're saying is true, OP seems rather uninterested in anything other than BTC.
@_date: 2016-09-01 12:45:16


But it's a temporary relief. We will be here again in the future with the 1.7MB Segwit increase. 
@_date: 2016-09-08 11:22:24
Haha oh man, the denial ia strong with you! Carry on then, (but pro-tip, learn to zoom out on the charts to get a global picture of where bitcoin ahouls be going).
@_date: 2016-09-08 13:27:18
Oh, are we going to play the "let's pick an arbitrary, yet favourably metric (price) and pick 2 aebitrary points in time, to tell the story I want to tell" game? That's an awesome way to analise markets!
Anyways, I've proven beyond reason what I wanted ro prove. I could draw fucking circles over rhe graph for you, but I'm on mobile and I feel you wouldn't care anyways.
Let's just agree to see whether time continues to prove me right, shall we? 
RemindMe! 6 months.
@_date: 2016-09-01 12:23:44
And yet literally millenia ago, humans learned the hard way that people put into positions of public power (regulators) shouldn't also hold positions on private interests at the same time. It has been a constant in politics and law since Ancient Rome.
And yet here, a group of people who like to think of themselves on the edge of social progress, don't bat an eye when that very situation is happening in bitcoin, and they gladly take "promises" not to act in self-interest.
@_date: 2016-09-01 16:06:35
Let's use examples, because I never cease to be surprised by the sheer magnitude of the naivete of these so-called libertarians and  system-skeptics.
There's this guy, let's call him John. John seems like a nice guy, and he's got some experience managing big business. So John gets appointed minister of energy with the power to regulate and deeply influence legislators in matters such as energy subsidies for particular forms of energy. So John decides to launch a startup, a company that buys waste biomass and turns it into energy. Yeah, let's pretend for a second such a thing wouldn't be fucking illegal in most of the world today, because that's how unabashedly non-controversial the doctrine of political ethics is. So the people protest because suddenly, subsidies have dried up for wind and solar, and they cropped up for the not-quite-so-sustainable biomass energy industry. But John does a press release, where he pinky-double-super promises he isn't using this political post to benefit his business and himself.
Now, which is the more appropriate reaction from the population?
a) continue the protests until he is demoted and indicted for corruption charges, or
b) feel reassured by this promise, and leave matters be?
Because you're doing the latter. As is the rest of the community. Am I living in a  fucking dystopic parallel universe?
@_date: 2016-09-08 04:03:57
You're the first reasoned response that I actually can't disagree with on logical grounds.
@_date: 2016-02-03 07:15:36
Fantastic way to bet on a 6bn $ project! Let's all get together to hope, pray, and trust in the almighty core devs!
@_date: 2016-09-01 12:51:19
The most influential Core devs who also happen to be either employed or on the power structure of a single private company.
@_date: 2012-11-18 20:42:05
I wouldn't mind at all. After all, them integrating such a thing wouldn't be exclusive to you having another anonymous wallet to work with as well, right?
@_date: 2016-09-08 03:56:41




Funny, cause I've read (and gotten to know about from my town) about places that have stopped accepting it, or refrained from starting. So I guess if we're going to go by hearsay, we can keep talking all day.


Again, [miserably and demonstrably false](


I wonder what you'll say now to defend your indefensible position. I have an idea, because it's all too prevalent in this sub (and by a way of proof look at how upvoted your evidently false comment is since it goes along with the narrative here), but I'd rather not get ahead of myself.
@_date: 2016-09-12 16:04:27
Excellent read, although the coding aspects of this go over my head.
I'd love to hear the opinions of the Core codebase maintainers, and if no problems are detected, when we can expect this particularly dramatic improvement to be incorporated into a release.
@_date: 2016-09-08 13:57:33
Weird choice, given that at this point transacting with a bank account is orders of magnitude cheaper than bitcoin. But it's certainly good that you have the choice! Sad thing is, is every user did the same, bitcoin wouldn't be able to serve them all...
@_date: 2016-09-12 04:46:56
And you know this how? With posts like this of people going "all in" with bitcoin, suicide during an intense crash isn't an unexpected outcome.
@_date: 2016-09-14 14:06:42
Holy shit are you seriously going "neener neener"? Because, haha, wow. Just wow.
@_date: 2016-09-14 07:34:03


This problem has been solved, first with xthin, and now with Core's compactBlocks. 
The technical arguments for small blocks have been long refuted.
@_date: 2016-02-01 19:32:21


... And yet the fork is going to happen. You seem as clueless as core are when it comes to listening to what the community is saying. Except I don't believe core are clueless... At all.
@_date: 2016-02-03 20:28:32
That's not at all the attitude of most of us "big blockers".
I would love such a feature to be included in bitcoin. I don't hate the blockstream devs, I hate what they've been doing in the last few months. I hate their lack of transparency. Once the fork happens, I'd love for them to continue contributing to the project, but under a hierarchy where they would need to truly propose and debate features  instead of just announcing them and then after the fact making up reasons for why they must be there. In a manner in which they won't be tempted to play the role of Central bank enacting economic policies.
@_date: 2016-02-08 09:43:08
Post the transaction? It might be blockchain's wallet, or might be this thing that's going on with blocks getting full and transactions with regular fees taking forever to be included, also.
@_date: 2012-09-08 23:43:52
So I take it you're the kind of person who sees the expectation of privacy as an automatic indicator of criminal intent?
How's that TSA and wiretaps working out for you?
@_date: 2016-09-08 19:56:45
Yes, but you are implying those benefits are coming from its deflationary nature, when at these time scales it's quite exclusively coming from speculation.
@_date: 2016-09-14 10:53:09
Hey, nice diatribe. It's just that it's a red herring. You made a claim, which was false. When having this pointed out, you moved the goalposts to try and redefine what a "full node" was. But hey, I've seen you post. I knew before commenting you would never admit to having been wrong. So have a nice day.
@_date: 2016-09-01 17:04:58


From an outside perspective, and if I truly viewed bitcoin as a "product", then you'd be 100% right. In fact that's already happening. Some people like me, though, consider themselves a part of bitcoin, since we got involved (and not merely "investing") from the beginning, so we do feel like something is being taken away from us, by people who are turning it into something it wasn't meant to be.


That's why I wrote the little story, because it does seem you have trouble comprehending one of the most basic forms of corruption. Try and answer that very question in the context of that story.
As for the rest of your voluntarysm red herring, that would be a fun debate, but it just has nothing to do with the subject at hand. I'll merely point out the irony of you posting this through a network mostly paid for by government funds, sitting inside your house served by publicly-funded infrastructure, and kept in peace by publicly-funded security forces you say you despise so much.
@_date: 2016-09-14 03:02:19
What a stretch of an argument. An argument which, boiled down, makes little logical sense:
Bitcoin is being tolerated because it's not a threat to the government, nor a burden to ISPs. So what we must do is make sure ISPs don't see it as a burden (let's leave aside the glaring inconsistency that in 2016 1mb block, just like 20mb blocks, would still be using hundreds of times lesser bandwith than a person watching a single netflix show, because we want to be alarmists or something) by restricting blocksize, which would have the (un?)intended side effect of restricting bitcoin's capacity and adoption, which would make it less likely to bwcome a threat for governments, is that it?
Or, or, perhaps, bitcoin becomes a threat despite the restricted blocksize, but we're going to pretend that if the issued orders to ISPs they'd stand up for our privacies "because of the whole Snowden thing", because ISPs have historically cared a lot about this, hey? But no, your argument is they'd be more likely to do so if bitcoin weren't a huge data hog...
It's making my head hurt, but ultimately it's just wishful thinking wrapped in porpaganda, and trying to be sold as coherent arguments.
But I'm not surprised I'm afraid; it has been clear for a while that the blockchain issue was a solution searching for a problem. For a few months there the arguments were focused on unlikely technical matters, and it required academia to step in to dispel them once and for all. So now the arguments have diversified to everything from (completely nonsensical) economic policy, to matters of "community consensus" (while at the same time pushing for controversial changes via SF), and now, apparently, "privacy concerns".
The sad aspect of this is that this "divide and conquer" approach is working quite well, and from the average bitcoiner's PoV who doesn't have the time or the interest to get deeply informed in all these matters, it seems like the arguments are just overwhelmingly in favour of small blocks. But as you see, every omce in a while things stop making sense for someone, and they start questioning what on earth the real problem it would be to raise the size from 1 to 2 (which was the original proposal), if it would immediately solve the transaction confirmation unreliability issue, at least for a while (which would mean bitcoin would be continuing to grow!), and suddenly all these arguments (even yours today) fall completely apart. So unless the modrators here kept guard 24/7, these sorts of posts are bound to crop up from time to time, from simple concerned community participants. @_date: 2015-09-05 08:00:01
And yet every single country that has tried capital control has slipper even further i to a downward spiral of economic instability and shrinkage (venezuela, argentina recently...). 
I understand why to an uneducated person that would seem like a good idea, but why are governments making these choices without consulting experts?
@_date: 2016-05-15 20:12:20
It either will, or it's fundamentally flawed. A bitcoin that requires constant evaluating and resolving potential "threats" from outside the world of cryptography, is doomed far sooner than from any potential attack vector, due to the exploitability that this "human watchmen" requirement brings.
@_date: 2015-11-04 14:38:01


**if** (and this is a moderate if) this is truly a new bubble, the price will likely never be this low again (as it is at just under 500). Possibly not even after it crashes again.
So if your reasoning is "i believe this is a new bubble and i want to profit from it or at least buy into bitcoin while it's feasible", then it makes no sense whatsoever to wait for a " next drop" that won't happen in the circumstances you believe these to be.
This is not investment advice mind you, just pointing out the inconsistency of your thinking.
@_date: 2016-05-12 05:36:44


Ah, back to denying reality.


This isn't the case, though, is it? The proposed change is meant to disable a specific kind of hardwarw/software from being able to mine on the network. This doean't fit the contingency emergency scenario.
@_date: 2016-05-19 09:29:56


This wasn't always the case, as when the funding was granted, at least one of them had direct commit access, and the rest of them have generally shown to agree on most things with him (as does the current lead maintainer)... Even (or especially) the most "controversial" changes that are precisely the ones that change the economic model of bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-24 08:04:08


But... This is demonstrably false. Do you even understand that by using such reductionist reasonings, you're doing yourself a disservice by not actually understanding what the discussion is about?
Allow me to repeat my request for you to source your claim. 
@_date: 2016-05-15 09:42:59


I didn't mean that at all; I meant it as the price of the hardware. I would imagine it almost impossible for a retailer to price the hardware in accordance to the expected ROI during the lifetime of the hardware, so as a really, really rough guesstimation, a 10% markup for a 10% more efficient ASIC seems about right. Perhaps I'm underestimating it, but not my much, judging by the pricing differences between die iterations ASICs.


As it's absolutely guaranteed to happen, as is indeed the case in all free market transactions. Otherwise, the losing party wouldn't enter into said business transaction.


That's fine; I don't expect more than 2 or 3 ASIC manufacturing companies would require to do so in order to fill the market need.


What? I think you're misunderstanding greatly how patenting works: the patent licensing is required to **build and sell** the hardware, not to use it. Miners won't need to enter into agreements themselves in order to mine, just buy the hardware. These sorts of grave misunderstandings are what muddle the waters of this debate. I don't know if this sort of FUD is intentional or not, but holy hell is it effective in getting loads of people to fear something that happens in literally every other industry every single day.
@_date: 2016-05-24 05:48:13
Uhh, spreading historical lies **and** advocating for a dictatorship? Stay classy.
@_date: 2016-05-25 05:13:33
Yeah, the idiots, making money off a super useful crypto people in this sub disagree here!
@_date: 2016-05-21 16:36:18


You're twisting yourself in knots trying to make sense of the indefensible. They **can** do that. End of story.
@_date: 2016-05-11 22:23:49
I'm sorry, that seems like a worthwhile debate and all, but you're engaging in a straw man argument by ignoring my main point altogether: that that doesn't seem to be at all the motivation behind this proposed change.
@_date: 2016-05-23 08:05:06
You sound rather unhinged. And you're, of course, wrong. Relax a little.
@_date: 2016-05-04 17:38:31
Let's entertain the idea. If that were the case, it would depend entirely on his intentions behind it. 
In this scenario, is completely right, in that at this point in the ugly, disgusting, politicised "debate" that the blocksize issue has become, perhaps it's only Satoshi himself descended from the heavens and playing tricks on us, that could unmistakenly unmask all the fuckery that's been going on, in such an undeniable way that even the strong opposers would yield, take a step back, and reconsider their actions.
...and even then, I think it'd be too late. Fuck knows if Craig is Satoshi, but even if he were, people like Maxwell have been preparing for months now, by sometimes subtly, sometimes less so ways, character-assasinating Satoshi himself, or whatever weight of authority he has. 
If Craig can sign a message with the keys from blocks 0 and 9, and produce Satoshi's PGP key, would it be enough to settle the governance dispute (which is what the blocksize debate has turned into) once and for all? I honestly don't know, but with Core having removed Gavin from the repo, I think it'd be an ugly, ugly fight regardless.
@_date: 2016-05-15 19:00:26
They do have all the power, but that's OK because their incentives were planned so tat they would always be in line with the rest of the economy. "Forking them out" is a dangerous piece of rhetoric, that nonetheless is being spouted left and right, by plenty of people.
My fear is precisely the opposite: that this whole "patent is evil" bit is but a ruse to get the community behind precisely such a hard-fork, with the intention of at the very least having the power to hang this over their heads. I think it extremely unlikely that it'd get that kind of support, but I guess we will find out.
@_date: 2016-05-21 15:50:06


Except for the commerce that is moving away from it, and companies investing and incorporating the-crypto-that-shall-not-be-named in the places where bitcoin used to be the only player.
The denial is strong with you.
@_date: 2016-05-18 17:38:23


Perfect example. Nevermind reasons or glaring contradictions.


I can. Would it genuinely change your mind, though? Gavin's 2mb pull request (and BIP) got shot down citing centralisation concerns despite him presenting his own data to the contrary **and** there having been an independent, published, top university having come up with similwr results... With no actual evidence to counter that data.
Is any of this news to you?
@_date: 2015-11-04 06:26:14


Actually this is very untrue. If there were but 10 billion dollars in existence, the current world economy (currently a bit shy of 100 trillion dollars at the current value) would mean that there wouldn't be enough dollars to hanfle the business at the current value. So what would happen? Suddenly a dollar would be able to buy you as much as $1 million in today'd value (if I'm calculating correctly), which means people would need to use some form of fractioned pennies to conduct their daily business.
Of course this would **never** happen, because dollars don't have a physical manifestation and they can't simply be destroyed, and the people in charge of controlling the price of the dollar have a vested interest in keeping it inflationary (meaning new dollars are continiously being created from thin air, which is the reason a dollar from today doedn't buy ypu the same amount of stuff a dollar bought you 20 years ago).
@_date: 2016-05-18 11:33:46


I would, but you'd be wise to remember that many people from the camp you accuse as "being sheep" think the exact same thing about people agreeing with everything core does.
The "objective reality" (if there is such a thing) is likely unknowable (certainly in a debating environment when "sounds sensical" and appeals to emotion and authority prime over actual research and evidence) except in retrospect, so I think we could all due well with a little more humility and try to bridge the gap to avoid becoming 2 sides that do nothing but oppose each other on principle.
@_date: 2016-05-23 07:48:04
I don't quite understand. Is what I'm saying in any way untrue or unrelated/irrelevant to the OP?
@_date: 2016-05-09 10:12:19
Well, such is the power of the actual consensus mechanism. They're signalling loud and clear what they need from the network, and for the moment at least, Core is failing to listen. These should be an interesting couple of months.
@_date: 2016-05-19 11:37:01


Oh yeah, you mean **manually** monitoring and adding every single person who decides to post from a new account, just so they don't get to complain about alleged "censorship"? Get a grip. This is not what you said was under the control of the mods, and is not a "solution" to the very reasonable posting policy for new accounts.


Are we talking about censorship or not? Because I am. Your other complains need to be directed elsewhere.
Is it clear now, or not? You are spreading misinformation, I hope at the very least you stop doing that from now on.
@_date: 2016-05-11 22:33:56


Is it not in practise also impossible to import asics in some countries today as well?
@_date: 2016-05-15 19:34:00


Thry'd have to find them first one would think. And even if, what would it allow the party to do? Double spend transactions?


You'd be wise to recognise the difference between your ideals and the real world. Such as the fact that the very devices you run your bitcoin software from are covered by literally hundreds of patents.
@_date: 2016-05-25 21:27:54
a) the current dev process of the Core implementation is far, far from being "military grade" (or with any kind of strict auditing and checklisting before deeming a release "safe and ready").
b) if the bitcoin network becomes congested, nobody will lose their BTC funds. There's no scenario in which that happens directly (so please don't try and argue for lost opportunities). 
You're spreading FUD.
@_date: 2016-05-15 20:58:26


Those were left on he other thread, which you left unanswered. Go back there if you truly believe you're right.


That's quite the arbitrary distinction.


And you know this how, exactly? There are plenty of uncharacterised and unpatented optimisations working today. How can you be sure that Hanke's patent wasn't a rediscovery?


I see. Well, I think this response needs no comment on the "intelectual honesty" department.
@_date: 2016-05-26 20:35:58


No seriously, stop. If you don't know why this is ridiculous, just stop embarrassing yourself.


Unnecesary and unnecesary. Do you even know how the multisig process in Coinbase works? As long as the coins are not spent beforehand (duh!), you can have access to them via either retrieving the private key via the multisig thing, or via manually signing their transaction (which would be valid on both chains, in the event of a Classic HF).
But I already told you this, so there seem to be 2 options left:
a) you know it full well, but are playing dumb and/or are just plain lying, in which case I don't really want to continue wasting any more time with you.
b) you understand bitcoin and transaction signing even less than you do your own legal system, in which case, if you wanted to truly learn, you'd really need to take a far more humble approach than this one.
Just because Maxwell is professing these threats, doesn't mean there's any validity or possibility to them. Don't be seduced and enbraven by his lead and argument from authority. You're not privy to his motivations and strategy, so you're only left looking like a fool. Seriously.
@_date: 2016-05-21 06:55:19
A future.
@_date: 2016-05-12 07:36:50
Elloquent as usual.
@_date: 2016-05-02 15:10:43
Shit, suddenly the wackiest of conspiracy theories are starting to sound downright probable. What the duck is going on?
@_date: 2016-05-26 05:50:51
Well, sure. I'm not an engineer. I'm not claiming I'd be able to design an ideal dev process. What I'm saying is that if people are arguing that the quality of the bitcoin software is so critical, this comes at odds with the main implementation's processes, and perhaps we should be discussing solutions to this.
@_date: 2016-05-11 17:47:10
So, more centralised interventionism? Are we expected to try and resolve, at the protocol level, any and all modifiable, real or perceived "advantages" any one group of people could ever possibly have over another, even those arisen from unforseen events?
What on earth has this all come to? shit.
@_date: 2016-05-24 06:10:38


I wouldn't, not forever. For now it's fine, and it's a comfortable "stand" for wu to make. We're after a HF after all, are we not? If Wu kept his position even in the face of Core being unable/unwillimg to honour their side of the agreement, then I'd wonder what the hell he's doing.
@_date: 2016-05-30 19:55:38
Well, why don't we wait and see what their results show regarding latency? What will you say if it turns out to also drastically reduce latency?
@_date: 2016-05-16 06:11:00
Let's take this to its logical conclusion.
I will not address here how you tend to use "community" or "miners" depending on what argument you want to make, because this very statement is plenty clear on where you land. So allow me to simply answer this:
Given this comment, will you then publicly state that, were *the community* at some point decide to HF to Classic (for instance), you will accept that decision, and refrain from doing things like accusing miners of a coup, and proposing a PoW change to lock them out of the community?
@_date: 2016-05-24 06:13:41
Do you any kind of source/quotes to support this? I ask because, as a big blocker, the whole fucking point of raising the block limit is to continue accomodating adoption, which right now is stagnating, and about which Core seem completely uncomcerned. Please stop spreading mischaracterisations.
@_date: 2015-11-04 18:37:02
Yes, 80% of the price at the height of the bubble, and literally never lower than before the bubble started.
We don't know where the zenith will be, but we can be moderately sure about how far it won't drop. If we're going by previous bubbles, I mean.
@_date: 2016-05-18 09:15:48


Who does, then? It's true, bitcoin Core is FOSS, but let's not kid ouserlves into thinking that it's the same as if some neckbeard dev were imparting on the world the gift of their code.
Bitcoin is a 6bn project now, and the core devs are in that situation due partly to historical flukes, and partly due to very seaken and very deliberate actions. They feel they have a right to be there, and a right to "protect the project and the community" as evidenced by, for instance, their ejecting of the former lead developer from his commit rights due to "security concerns". From this PoV, it's only logical to conclude that they themselves agree with the notion that bitcoin is a public good.
The community doesn't " pay" them directly, but their salaries absolutely come from the wealth the community is creating.
So "owing", I don't know per se, but to insinuate that they should listen to no concerns the community is expressing is extremely disingenuous. I firmly believe this is a governance issue whose mechanisms are not formalised yet; but when it is formalised in the future, we will all look back on these sorts of comments, and facepalm at the ridiculousness of it all. Most people, it seems, requires for things to be written down or institutionalised before recognising what should be blatantly obvious.
@_date: 2016-05-31 13:59:21
You're thinking as an individual, and one with the motivation and willingness to take the risk to hodl. But what use  does a government have for bitcoins right now?
@_date: 2016-05-15 18:49:27


You're right, I was overlooking that. But that doesn't  explain your claim that companies would be unable to "mine anonymously" (I mean, to what extent are current manufacturers anonymous?). Furhermore, most of these companies are chinese, which are notorious for not respecting patent law.  I find it odd that this is exactly one of the points Todd citetd as being a problem, and it's exactly he reason this patent won't drmatically alter the mining landscape. How likely is it that a company whose product will never be seen publicly will seek out to license a patent?
@_date: 2016-05-21 15:54:11
Except for where much larger sizes have been proven safe? This fear mongering really needs to find some empirical evidence, or it needs to stop being repeated because it's simply untrue.
@_date: 2016-05-11 20:57:26


That is heavily debatable.


Actually it doesn't quite add up. Todd explained (as it's become usual for him, to divulge information that was previously only privy to secret parties) that this particular "protocol tweaking" was agreed to be a part of the hardfork agreed upon as part of the Hong Kong agreement (and presumably a demand from the part of the miners). Given that, at the time, asicboost wasn't "patent pending" (to my knowledge at least, I'm open to considering other possibilities in light of new evidence), it's only logical to conclude that the reasons for this part of the agreement follow a different kind of concern altogether.
And what do you know, it *just so happens* that, for these miners who'd **just** invested hundreds of thousands of dollars in the latest-gen asics, a new discovery that greatly increases miner efficiency without the usual associated costs of a new generation of asics, to say nothing of the usual iteration lifetime, would signify the potential influx of new competition that they had not considered in their investment plans. Which would make asking for such a condition, to be essentially a protection of their oligopoly.
@_date: 2016-05-12 00:42:05
I'm failing to see how your ad- hominem addresses my points. I, too, I'm afraid I'm having deja-vus with these sorts of debates with you. 
Bring substance to the debate, please.
@_date: 2016-05-12 01:11:06
Fair enough.
Another question: do you genuinely believe the impact of this asicboost optimisation on decentralisation would be bigger than the one asics brought as compared to gpu mining?
I ask this because if you're supporting (unless I'm misunderstanding your stance here) a PoW "tweaking" via a hardfork to disarm this asicboost, and your answer to my previous question is "no", would it not logically follow that you should be supporting a change to the PoW to neutralise asic mining in favour of gpu instead?
@_date: 2016-05-05 06:06:00
But, due to the very nature of the agreement you **don't know** just how "standard" it is or it is not,  not to mention Maxwell *just said* it wasn't standard at all, in that it was "based" on an already very non-standard contract (mozilla's), and the subsequently modified.
You're allowing your personal opinions on the matter shape what you imply to be impartial conclusions. That's just illogical.
@_date: 2016-05-13 13:43:31
OK, I'll take the bait and allow you to shift the goalpost (as I showed, despite my quoting it, the original argument was a different one).
So miner centralisation is a problem. We could agree to this to a certain degree (I don't see how it would eventually destroy bitcoin, for instance, so feel free to expond on that if you think you could keep it separate from the main topic).
What you now need to show, and which apparently you attempted in your previous comment, is to **prove**, or at the very least provide any semblance of credible evidence, that this patent would lead to miner centralisation.
And herein lies my issue with Core, and their "trouble prevention policies": neither one of the devs is trained in anything even resembling economy and public policy, and despite that, they continue arguing for the most ridiculous policies without a semblance of evidence. And the blocksize debate is the perfect example. Their claim is that they want to prevent further centralisation, and despite calling themselves scientists, none of them have provided a shred of proof that raising rhe blocksize would lead to that. Then they publicly discredit and ignore people who *have* done the simulations and proven them safe (up to 4mb a few months ago) like Gavin and Jeff. But what happens when an unnafiliated and top university comes up with research showing essenrially similar results? Complete silence. But still they haven't relented on the blocksize issue.
With this patent business a similar thing is happening. They're proposing an extremely controverted and interventionist change to thebprotocol (via a hardfork no less), with the excuse that it will prevent a certain outcome. Thing is, not only are none of them trained to assess the extremely complex effect of patents in a marketplace (let alonr an international one), which is the topic of paper after paper and thesis after thesis; but neither do they provide a shred of evidence to support their claim. They wave their hands and oversimplify the matter by claiming "that it's just a logical sequence of events", and neither of them will even accept that claims like that cannot simply be considered valid under those conditions.
And you're doing the exact same thing by (excuse my characterisation) parroting the exact same arguments. so if they won't provide it, and you're supporting them, I'll ask you: where is your evidence to support those claims?
If you later want to discuss why having a group of people make these decisions without oversight, recourse, or them even understanding why this is a problem (to say nothing of their own ignorance) for the community is a problem, I'm up for that as long as, as I said, it doesn't distract from the main topic.
@_date: 2016-05-11 22:30:27
Are the hardware designs for today's asics **not** patented?
Genuine question. I'm as much anti-patent as the average person who's into bitcoin, but singling out software patents seems random.
@_date: 2016-05-16 11:42:43
Downvoted for pointing out the obvious. This sub is perplexing to me.
@_date: 2016-05-21 17:45:49
I'm sorry, but when you argue that bitcoin is in peril because miners could decide to mine at a loss, I can't seriously continue a rational discussion. Good day.
@_date: 2016-05-12 21:54:23


They have all the power insofar as they continue being the reference implementation that most miners use, and continue to define the consensus rules of the protocol. Similarly to a democracy, my choosing to use a minoritary implementation doesn't liberate me from their control. Especially if they continue pushing through changes via "soft forks". Let's not kid ourselves here, and fall into the fallacy of "it's open source, nobody has control!".


That's a fine opinion, but you're avoiding the topic at hand. They're not being transparent even after the facts.
@_date: 2016-05-15 05:43:45


Well, please do elaborate on this hypothesis of yours. Why would "no one" get the hardware outside of China? It offers a 10% efficiency gain; I can't imagine the patent holder would seek to charge a &gt; 10% licensing fee, given that doing so would price him out of the market and make it more economical to just use the money to buy more non-optimised hardware.
This whole "patent gonna centralise the market!" Is the biggest piece of unsubstantiated and economically implausible piece of mass hysteria of an hypothesis that bitcoin has experienced in a while.
@_date: 2016-05-25 08:46:59
Which is great for the companies in question, but it means nothing for the end users. Scratch that; between such companies I see almost no benefit of "decentralised and trustless" (and as of yet nonexistent or at least nonimplemented) payment channels, over a centralised system like SWIFT. 
@_date: 2016-05-21 07:13:43
Yeah, people seriously misunderstand the danger of fucking around with central interventions and planning. Bitcoin can self-correct, but with blocks at capacity, any such hiccup can lead to a downwards death spiral. Add in a bitcoin run to that and we've got a sure and quick death.
@_date: 2016-05-25 06:14:07
Honest advice: when 2 people in a row misunderstand your implications, instead of getting angry, consider that you're not communicating effectively and clearly.
@_date: 2016-05-05 13:40:20
That accusation was unfounded. My apologies for that. The rest remains true, though.
@_date: 2016-05-24 05:40:17
I truly don't understand what the purpose of this "dare" is, but sure,believe you're doing something here.
@_date: 2016-05-24 05:37:41
Except the actual execution of a hard fork doesn't "open" anything. That possibility is and always will be there, regardless of if it actually happens or not.
This is how bitcoin is designed.
Those who believe the community could one day choose to HF to something that really breaks the contract (say, the no-inflation thing), should really just sell now, because it's clear that a) they got into the wrong project under false pretenses, and b) they just don't understand markets and would be far safer investing in a managed fund.
This is bitcoin's biggest insurance policy against being held ransom, and the very people who some believe to be doing just that have convinced a sizable part of the community that far from a good thing, it's a dangerous bug. Fortunately it's the one thing that can't be coded out, otherwise I believe they would.
@_date: 2016-05-12 21:15:32


Have we all simply agreed to throw math out the window or something and I missed the memo? How on earth could you arrive at this ludicrous conclusion?
@_date: 2016-05-23 14:04:02
No. They concluded that the network as is could handle up to 4mb blocks without losing a tenth of current nodes.
@_date: 2016-05-27 08:38:47
I hope to be wrong when I say that with the current bitcoin limitation, the price ceiling cannot be pushed much higher (if at all). The price has already rebounded down in the last few hours.
I wonder if the chinese miners have any more insight about what dynamics are currently driving this spike.
@_date: 2016-05-31 08:31:26
This is an interestingly confusing editorialised title. Assuming that it were true that the Australian government could just "print an infinite amount of fiat" (which isn't in reality, but close enough for the narrative), why would it be bad that they were apparently being responsible with that power by actually seeking to increase their revenue streams via non-inflationary means? Should we not be lauding the Australian government over this?
@_date: 2016-05-23 10:07:24


He's wrong because isn't even arguing against my point: he's saying my point is irrelevant to the OP.


Aside from Newegg, you mean? Sure, [here's one, for instance from a few weeks ago](
Personally, though, in my city there's a hipster coffee shop and bookstore sort of thing that used to accept BTC and doesn't anymore, as of a few weeks ago. Wallet devs have warned that users are complaining too. Of course everyone can't be on top of all the news, but to coyly say that this issue hasn't been brought up repeatedly by different people and companies in the community, is a bit disingenous.
@_date: 2016-05-21 17:29:33


OK, so what are our options, if not central intervention? Perhaps you're right and we're not understanding each other, but I did interpret your meaning that in your previous comments.


Today blocks are full. This is a problem independently of the "flood attack" vector, as I'm sure you agree. But let's focus on that. What kind of network do you think would be more resistant to such an attack? One where transaction fees are around 5 cents (like today), but with blocks being consistenly left with less than around 40kb of free space? Or one with 2cent fees (typical for the pre-full blocks epoch), with the previous 40kb PLUS a whole other megabyte of free data that would need to be paid for in order to achieve a successful crippling of the network?
Right now some miners still accept free transactions. I don't necessarily think this is a problem, but I would be open to the possibility of forbidding that at the protocol level. Ideally miners would choose to do that on their own in the event of an attack, and indeed previous to the full-blocks epoch, there have never been any successfull flood attacks.
@_date: 2016-05-19 09:26:16


They wouldn't be if you hadn't sheltered yourself from diverse opinions, and dismissed a whole group of people (some of which being tremendously intelligent and capable in the pertinent fields) as "those idiots".
@_date: 2016-05-23 05:41:40
People in this thread seem to fluctuate between disbelief and anger at overstock. Now, as it turns out this post is false, but it very well could have been true. Certainly other companies (mainly brick-and-mortar ones for PoS, admittedly) have stopped accepting bitcoin in the last few months due to the transaction congestion problem. They won't be the last.
And I wonder what all the surprise is about. A large portion of the community are actively supporting the restriction on the blocksize, and agreeing that bitcoin should only ever be a settlement network. So we're saying to the world "hey, Bitcoin is not for selling little stuff on your stores", but then we berate companies when they actually drop support?
Why the cognitive dissonance?
@_date: 2016-05-25 05:07:13
Straw man ans straw man. Nobody said anything about visa, plus, even as a store of value cannot handle more adoption. Stop burying your head in the sand.
@_date: 2016-05-21 16:49:01


Not sure if dense or trolling. How about wanting to profit? Let's do an eli5 exercise shall we?
You have to clean your room. I'll give you the option of having a Brownie in exchange or not having it. What do you do?
Now you have a kindergardener's understanding of free markets. Now go and actually grab a book on introduction to microeconomics, for the sake of everyone here.
@_date: 2016-05-11 09:14:00
Ah, more central economic interventionism. It's clear on what side of the debate you're on regarding this issue.
Your economic concerns are false. Satoshi using his old coins is always a possibility, and I don't think anyone should assume otherwise (or that the current market is doing so).
Setting a precedent that developers could just choose to "destroy" any group of coins, or worse still, to impose an expiry date on all of them, is a far more dangerous proposition than any imagined dangers that a one-time 5% inflation event could produce, and that's assuming a suddenly  perfect quantum computer engineered out of the blue... In reality the addresses would be "hacked" in such a scenario at a slow and steady rate, very possibly not even being able to reverse the continuous deflation.
Please stop. Most of us are into bitcoin trying to get away from centralised interventionism.
@_date: 2016-05-25 09:03:29


I wasn't aware, forgive my ignorance. Where could I inform myself on these?


I was not disputing that, at all. I was making a reflective commentary on the current state of the community and this debate, when we need to call out for this as a neccesity rather than "something that'd be nice to do" or that companies would seek to do on their own to save themselves money.
@_date: 2016-05-19 09:15:58
Please don't be dishonest when you know full well that this is a standard reddit protection that mods have no control over.
And if you didn't know that, now you do, and you can stop spreading misinformation. Especially on a thread that denounces supposed disinformation on another sub.
@_date: 2016-05-12 05:32:43
Right, so it wasn't in there, as per my claim. So what exactly are you seeking to argue here?
@_date: 2016-05-30 19:53:30


I'm sorry, but that's very far from being either the reality (the majority of miners have expressed, and currently even demand, bigger blocks), nor the purported rationale stated by the majority of the Core Devs for keeping the blocks small which is maintaining node decentralisation.
If you want sources for my claims I can provide them, but please provide sources for yours, given that you're using your claims to justify personally insulting Peter R.
@_date: 2016-05-25 22:03:01
Yes, so the largest chain wins, and after a few blocks after that 2gb one, the 1gb-only node will display an error message that the software needs to be upgraded. Because his operator was stupid enough to want to go against consensus. This is how it's supposed to work. If we needed a centrally-planned limit to achieve consensus, bitcoin wouldn't make sense and its infrastructure would be just a huge waste of electricity.
And still, nobody would lose money. The dumb operator of that node might open himself to be a victim of a double spend attack, but that doesn't mean he'd "lose his money".
Do. **you** know how the nakamoto consensus works?
@_date: 2016-05-12 21:24:42


Perhaps this is where our disagreement lies. The people who ultimately end up being in charge of Bitcoin, I absolutely believe, yes, should undoubtedly be held to the same standards of scrutiny as any elected official. The reason is a simple one: Bitcoin is a public good, not belonging to anyone. If you're willing to argue against this, be my guest, but also be mindful of the consequences of what you'd be arguing.


Here's the thing, though. Peter made these revelations (I've come to believe now completely unwillingly), about agreements that were made in the HK, and which **were not publicised even after the fact**. Your argument that they might be entitled to a little privacy in preliminary talks, while flawed in itself, just completely falls apart when confronted with the reality that things seem to be released on either an accidental, or a convenience matter. 
You're defending the indefensible here. I'm just baffled by how you yourself don't seem to be aware of it.
@_date: 2016-05-25 08:32:02
Well, I'm not saying such things shouldn't be done, but holy shit does it say something about where we are when our proposed solutions to the bitcoin capacity impasse boils down to "hey let's make our certallised web wallets/exchanges/btc banks cooperate with each other to reduce the load on the network!"
So much for "decentralisation", "censorship resistance", "be your own bank", "control your own money", "trustlessness", etc, etc.
As a community I think we ought to take a step back and think about why this is considered a "good solution".
@_date: 2016-05-16 05:27:09
A red herring (wrapped in an ad hominem) to avoid the actual points. Why am I not surprised?
@_date: 2016-05-12 14:06:34
[This official explanation just holds no water](
The questions I'm asking is for them to make sense of the timeline and secrecy in light of Peter's ex-abrupto indiscresion. Or alternatively to explain with a non-bullshit and completely fallacious reason, why they're suddenly advocating so lightly for 2 unthinkable things from them mere weeks ago: a super dangerous and evil hardfork, and a change to the PoW algorithm in order to diacriminate between devices.
@_date: 2016-05-26 15:03:01


I don't doubt that; but then again I could also implicate you in a lawsuit for using your psychic powers to prevent rain from falling in California.
Point is, you're spreading FUD, much as Maxwell above you with the legal threats. Fortunately I'm sure they'd deter nobody who matters from doing anything they planned to do, as they have legal teams with actual lawyers in them.
@_date: 2016-05-21 08:10:36


Yes! Absolutely! What the hell else is there? What imbues a particular project of value, if not the market?
Allow me to repeat the question: what criteria do you use to consider any particular crypto a "scam"? This is an honest question.
@_date: 2016-05-21 15:45:35
Oh look, more lies from you. How surprising.


Published academic evidence shows up to 4x larger block sizes were perfectly safe a few months ago without all the new optimisations. Centralisation isn't happening anytime soon.


People have been paying fees for years even though free tx would get in the next block (as you concede in you very next paragraph). There's no reason to believe this would ever change, and even if it did, miners have always been able to reject zero or low-fee transactions.
Boy was that an easy set of lies to dispel.
@_date: 2016-05-31 21:45:29
This is false. The raison d'etre for xTB is to alleviate decentralisation concerns for **nodes**, which is a major concern that gets cited by core devs for refusing to up the block size cap. That it might also help latency between miners is a happy side effect.
And AFAIK, CB would have the same aim, and absolutely **not** to replace or surpass the Relay Network.
Let's not conflate the issues here.
@_date: 2016-05-14 05:35:39
Yah, read the comments. He replied so far in so as to admit he had lied on that particular exchange. Then silence.
Your aggresivity is quite concerning, coinjaf. Is everything OK?
@_date: 2016-05-10 06:11:28
As I said, go back and read the debates for yourself. We're beyond arguing in circles.
But do know that Core have specifically tried to defend the need for a "forced fee market", on its own. That they've now changed the narrative (for the nthbtime) is a completely different story.
@_date: 2016-05-12 17:46:56
Please note that I'm trying to be as non-offensive as possible when I ask this, but, are you being intentionally dense? OR do you genuinely not understand? Let's break it down, and you can tell me whether at any point you get stuck in your reasoning.
Currently we have ASIC technology "x". This isn't really "patented" as more than a specific design, it's a chip die process, which goes very closely with the rest of silicon on the industry. With ASIC "x", for every 100$ of electricity I spend, I get $120 from mining bitcoin.
Now company "SupermagicGermanGuy", created an optimization for technology "x", called "ASIC X+". With ASIC X+, getting $120 from mining bitcoin will only require me to spend $90 in electricity. It's a 10% more efficient design. So he goes and patents, it, in the hopes of making some $$$, or in Core's minds, destroying bitcoin.
This is, quite literally (excepting for the names and fake, yet proportionally accurate, figures), the situation we have now. 
So SupermagicGermanGuy wants to "control all of mining". There's currently, say, some $100mil in current-gen (ASIC "x") invested and online. So in order to "control mining", he refuses to sell his patented hardware to **anyone**, except people who would be alligned with his nefarious purposes (let's say, to run "Bitcoin Classy"; which should scare the shit out of us, and certainly should scare the incumbents from the current reference implementation, "Bitcoin Score"). So how does he do it? He only has a design, so obviously he can't just give hardware away. If he's **that** commited to destroying Bitcoin, surely he'd be willing to forfeit his rightful up to 10% premium he could charge on current tech hardware (on account of his tech's efficiency gains), so he does *just that*. But the hardware still needs to be paid for from the factory.
Now what? Now a nefarious person willing to destroy bitcoin would need to come up with a whopping **90 million dollars** in order to buy all this more efficient hardware, which isn't available for buying to nobody else, in order to just barely match the current hashrate of the network.
So yeah, in reality, this "nefarious and malicious patent" what essentially, and only allows, would be for a bad actor to get a 10% discount in order to attack the network.
How on earth does this "make the patent holder become the gatekeeper to mining in the US and Europe"? You do know that ASIC "x" is still up for sale even with the patent, right? I really wish to know how your thought process goes.
@_date: 2016-05-21 16:19:29


Reductio ad absurdum. Spare me.


Ooh. I see. Suddenly the whole thing could change. I mean, it's not impossible (but then again neither is it that I might spontaneously combust); but you specifically quoted my saying miners can decide to reject low fee Txs at their discretion, which invalidates your scenario entirely. What is untrue about that?
@_date: 2016-05-19 09:33:21
I'm a mod of another sub. You'll have to give me step by step instructions on how to outright remove this limitation from my sub, because I'm genuinely interested in such a feature.
@_date: 2016-05-23 05:33:55
That's a fine paper. And yet it arrives at the same conclusion the other one from Cornell did. For a late 2015 network, at that. Did you even read it?
@_date: 2016-05-12 06:27:19
Of course it is feasible, luke has publicly spoken of possibilities for this.
@_date: 2016-05-15 20:01:58
I'm not understanding your argument. Should all bitcoin software only ever be run on open hardware?
@_date: 2016-05-12 00:40:28
a) the date we're looking for is the "published" one given nobody could have known about it beforehand, and,
b) I find it unlikely given that the guys who developed it are german, their company is setup in california, and somehow they are supposed to have filed for patent only in china?
I couldn't find it either, which is the reason I raised the question. Their whitepaper publication is from March of this year, however, so there is that.
@_date: 2016-05-23 06:50:03
Are you somehow implying that this sub isn't as much mine as it is yours to comment in?
@_date: 2016-05-18 08:19:30


I know you've been asked this plenty, but have you got *any* data or other kind of evidence to be able to ascertain this from an objective PoV?
Or even just a definition of what "a spam transaction" is, in this context?
@_date: 2016-05-24 06:08:07


Honest question: id segwit requires 95% signalling for activation, and the classic HF requires 75%, where does this "consensus" or "last option" you speak of come in?
@_date: 2016-05-09 09:52:00
Certainly possible. And it would almost automatically discredit his statements on the topic.
@_date: 2016-05-22 10:14:50
Honest question. Have you even bothered to search for said research?
@_date: 2016-05-25 07:45:26
Thanks. Have a nice day.
@_date: 2016-05-11 12:58:23
I think we're talking about very different things. I'm talking about inflation, for which liquidity would matter little. You seem to be referring to a hypothetical event where a) all the coins would be acquired at once, and b) the hacker/thief would be stupid or malicious enough to decide to *put them up for exchange* all at once.
Rest assured, I consider the probablity of a*b to be near zero. And even if it happened, while I agree it could send the exchange rate down by quite a bit, it would do nothing to its inherent usefulness, and in a post-speculation market, such a price dip would be extrenely fleeting, with the entire economy kicking themselves in the butt not to have had dollars in their exchanges at the moment this "flash sale" took place.
@_date: 2016-05-19 05:37:40
Please believe that I mean it when I say that rhese sorts of attitudes from "the people who unconditionally support Core" (to give you a name), saddem me greatly. Not only because actual debate is literally impossible, but it truly seems, just like with religious zealots, that no amount of evidence, or reason would ever change their mind. Look at my recent (and not so recent) discussions on this sub: every single one ends with people either resorting to trolling, or downright stop responding when the screws get too tight. Yours is a novel respomse for sure: to clown around.
It saddens me because just like with rwligious people, the solution seems to be simply to "educate the younger generations better, and allow the ones who can't be reasoned with to fade away". Exciting panorama for such a "revolutionary" technology, for sure.
@_date: 2016-05-12 13:57:59
That's a fair argument, but 2 things come to mind:
a) in effect, isn't such an advantage similar to any other? Eg: living in an electricity-advantaged region, owning an ASIC manufacturing plant, or just plain having a shitload of money to drown out the rest of yhe miners? All of these are attack vectors to bitcoin, but we trust in the incentives system developed to make sure the rewards for working with bitcoin are far larger than those for working against it.
b) patents aren't, in practice, enforced in many parts of the world, especially China (where incidentally the majority of mining takes place). 
I'm having trouble seeing this patent as a threat, particularly when the guys in question have given no indication that they want anything else than making a shitload of money off their patent. As they damned well should.


I don't see how this could possibly happen. **All** this patent could possibly do, assuming a directed and unequivocal will to use it to the detriment of bitcoin, is to make it 20% cheaper (assuming the inventors are willing to forfeit licencing fees) to match the current existing hashrate. Which is enormous already, and continuing to grow. It very realistically is in effect nothing more than an improved ASIC.
@_date: 2016-05-16 05:58:32


This is as far as I undertand their argument, but what I don't get is what's so dangerous about it. Advantages there are plenty already, that have nothing to do with patents, and while undoubtedly they have helped determine the current miner geographic distribution, they're far more powerful modifiers than a meager patent that'll be relevant for 1 ASIC iteration cycle, if that. All of these parametres we can't control at the protocol level (nor should we), so why focus on this one random patent? 
I mean, I'm certain the message and precedent this would set would be unequivocally bad for the ecosystem; but perhaps more abstracted than that, I want to point out the ridiculousness of engaging in dictating in what kind of hardware bitcoin is sanctioned to run. Surely you know your computer is covered by hundreds of patents, and you run bitcoin there. More hilariously, back in the days of GPU mining (a time the Devs that have proposed this yearn to go back to), all of those GPU were also under hundreds of patents. What fucking sense does it make? I understand the general sentiment towards patents amongst supporters of this; but this is, I feel, *precisely* why this shouldn't be done: because it is essentially a political move, and IMO bitcoin is not the place to express or engage in political activism, at least for as long as we want to pretend that it is an open, unrestricted, and free protocol and network, agnostic and immune to all the shenanigans of the rest of the economy.
@_date: 2016-05-15 20:24:54


Right. How stupid of me to have forgotten. D'oh!


I didn't say the software didn't need to be maintianed, or new features added, or even some mistakes and vulnerabilities fixed. I mentioned especificallt the incentives system, modifying which turns it into central economic interventionism.


Such as?
@_date: 2016-05-16 05:25:30
Which would be hilarious given thw contrast with bitcoin's supposed e values, if it wasn't terribly destructive.
@_date: 2016-05-24 05:42:34
I don't think I'm the only person who wouldn't back a change in PoW. For all the talk about the dangerousness of HFs, this really seems like the antithetical "solution". If Core proposes this, they'll find out exactly how much of the community is truly " supporting" their policies, and how much they're just being tolerated.
@_date: 2016-05-12 17:54:33


But then for such a claim to be taken as truth, the claimers (in this case Peter, I guess) would need to a) make it, and b) prove it, via simple control mechanisms which were asked in its day, such as providing transcripts for the closed-doors HK meeting. They would also, I guess, require personal knowledge of the team in question (which is German), to take a stab in the dark as to their intentions regarding a possible patenting intent. At the time of the HK meeting, the asicboost "method" had only been publicised as a sort of academic paper. 


Oh, so they had to "hide the truth for our own good" is that it? That makes so much more sense now! Surely that completely explains all their secrecy, and unwillingness to be transparent about these matters that concern all of us! 
Boy are we lucky to have these Watchmen, with their own private intelligence, continuously working to make bitcoin better behind our backs!
This is unbelievable.
@_date: 2016-05-20 12:42:12
The exchange rate happens to be the most reliable indicator of its interest, and in turn its real-world usefulness. Whether I want it to perform well as an investment is completely unimportant and irrelevant.
If it doesn't perform well by that metric, it will hardly become the revolution in money we're all for sure aiming for. Nifty as its intrinsic properties might be, I'm having trouble believing you'd be as excited about it if it stopped being accepted (as it's already started to happen), and it couldn't even store value.
@_date: 2015-03-06 14:54:06
I did not know transmission had a windows version now. It'the best no-frills client by far. Time to change my GF's computer's client!
@_date: 2016-05-21 09:42:50


You are right, that was an inexact claim.


And who defines what's "meaningless" or not? For instance, I would certainly qualify the current bitcoin development as "stalling", but it likely doesn't make it pump and dump. For some alts, this quality is readily evident, but for eth for instance, plenty of people are claiming that it is. My point is in retrospect everything is obvious, but prospectively, there's likely no discernible differences as they may only lie in the long-term intentions of their creators (like Mt. gox, for instance).
@_date: 2015-03-21 16:15:55
I agree with BTCe being pretty shady, but not with the victim-blaming attitude. Especially since, as I said, I don't know what current company I would completely trust, at least to the degree that I trust a regulated bank right now.
@_date: 2016-05-08 14:27:55
I'm perplexed by this glaring omission on his part. It seems almost purposeful, since, as anyone who'se heard him before knows, Vroufakis is an extremely intelligent and accomplished economist.
What I take from the whole thing is that he feels nervous about the whole idea, and he can't quite put his finger on the why. He's raising some good points, but no definitive one that argues bitcoin would be a net evil to the economy.
It's certain that the last word hasn't been said, and it would behoove us to keep our minds open to the possibility that a fixed money supply may have some major drawbacks we are not being able to predict.
@_date: 2016-05-15 20:08:03
I guess, as predicted, now that you've been unable to debate with me on logical grounds, you've resorted to labelling me "a known troll account" (which happens to be over twice you own's age and actually have a comment history outside of bitcoin, but I digress). 
How very mature, and downright honest, of you.
My argument is simple. Bitcoin was very well thought out from an incentives perspective. If it truly requires constant babysitting to keep it functioning, it's doomed either way.
@_date: 2016-05-01 08:25:04
I'm familiar with that page. What I want is for Luke to explain it along  with his personal sentiment on whether this is actually an effective and realistic "spam likelihood" measure. 
@_date: 2016-05-27 05:56:40
You're welcome to join in if you feel my arguments are fallacious. But no, declaring people trolls seems a much more comfortable position.
@_date: 2016-05-25 10:38:47
Thanks for the info. I had no idea there were functioning ones out there.
@_date: 2015-03-21 09:11:20
Well, yes and no.
It's true that over the long term BTCe are probably hurting themselves. But I don't think it's OK for their current users to be subjected to this without their authorisation, or even being announced that they'd engage in blacklisting coins. They could and should be getting a lawsuit coming to them. This isn't a MtG cards trading site, this is supposed to be a serious financial exchamge.
This is why bitcoin is so unpopular with the "real money" people: it seems at any moment any company dealing with theiry users' real money and bitcoins can choose to do whatever the hell they want without any major consequences.
Sure "you shouldn't have trusted them", hindsight is 20/20, but in reality right now I'm not sure who the f I'd trust if I were in the market for a serious trading platform, let alone " bitcoin bank". It feels like a coin toss, and in reality what this does (and I'm sure this happens to many people) is that it precludes me from being an active member of he BTC economy, relegating me to a "hodler" until some magical future time when bitcoin will have matured.
@_date: 2016-05-12 07:54:22
I think it important that you lay down where you stand on this matter. Thanks.
@_date: 2016-05-09 18:14:36
Well, we're beyond "debates" and "understanding" now, finally the miners are taking a stand. If you want to understand thw reason, for real i mean, there's a couple of years' worth of discussions you need to catch up on.
@_date: 2016-05-02 21:30:37
Hey how come you're suddenly so concerned with cryptographic proof when it's someone you don't agree with, but you're all too happy to cite a spoofed email to the dev list as proof that satoshi agreed with your claim at the time, just a few months ago?
@_date: 2016-05-30 13:44:58
Well, it seems I got my answer. 
@_date: 2016-05-20 09:28:26
Except this is untrue? Blocks are constantly at or extremely close to capacity. If you think for a second that by some magical force we're meeting demand **exactly** with this arbitrary supply, and that excess traffic isn't using competing roads, you're either delusional, not paying attention to the markets, extremely illiterate in economics, or all of the above.
@_date: 2016-05-26 18:33:22


Where did you get your legal knowledge? Legally blonde 1-3?
This almost doesn't deserve an answer. But let's follow the plausible merits of suit, shall we?
Plaintiff: "So you see your honour, the defendant has deprived my clients of the capacity to use their bitcoins in the minority blockchain, because they truly believe that is the real bitcoin".
Coinbase: "Uh, dude, they could have either [activated a multisig scheme to regain access to the holding private keys, or they could simply have manually signed a transaction in our web interface, to broadcast it from their favorite losing-hardfork-bitcoin-client]( They are stupid.
Judge: [facepalm].
@_date: 2016-05-13 17:04:09
Actually, [Gregory is the one who is lying]( regarding his claims of the criticisms he had back when BU's TBs was implemented. He seems to be simply counting on people not holding him up to the standard of proving his claims when he claims them so forcefully, and when they do, he just dissapears.
Perhaps I'm wrong, but alas, he just never provides them. So much for "correcting people" and "being sick of the bullshit being spread around". Even if you admire and agree with him, you'd be wise to hold him to any kind of standard regarding thurthfulness.
@_date: 2016-05-12 05:30:27
A raised circunstancial evidence for why this doesn't seem to be the case. Your co tinuing to repeat it won't change that. Either address it or I will stop responding, because you're wasting my time.
@_date: 2016-05-21 15:57:25


I missed nothing. These lies you've expressed constantly elsewhere.


By all means please do elaborate.
@_date: 2016-05-24 05:13:37
But we **have** been considering it, for years now. There is no free lunch; but if the choices we have are between losing the nodes running on first-gen raspberry pies running on dialup, and seeing bitcoin continue to stagnate due to an inability to accomodate more users, for me at least, it's a no brainer.
I signed up for a revolution in money, not a cryptographic toy that only 10 mil users could use to HODL (because it certainly can't handle 10 million users if they actually used the network as money).
@_date: 2016-05-21 17:19:31


See? You do understand free markets somewhat. This is indeed what is likely to happen, and under which condition the PoW security would be ensured. What's the lower limit to the price? The profitability line. No miner will do under that. So that's how the incentives system for bitcoin works, no central planning needed!
@_date: 2016-05-21 15:52:39
No one is saying they should be free. Miners have always been able to reject zero fee txns, and historically these have been the exception rather than the rule.
Centrally planning for a problem that doesn't exist sound like a great idea!
@_date: 2016-05-12 21:41:09
I'm sorry, but you're engaging in a straw man argument. Allow me to remind you the original claim (which I now realise wasn't you, but regardless you decided to respond on this thread), which we were debating:


Now you're arguing for something completely different. You're arguing that a patents system in general hampers innovation and reduces market diversity of products. That's an interesting debate in itself, and my personal opinion on the matter is a bit more complex than "patents = bad". But I'm uninterested in such a debate, because it has **nothing to do** with the overarching debate here, which is whether the Core Devs should engage in central interventionism by deciding to boot certain ASICS from the network via algorithm changes. **Their** argument to justify such an action, if I'm understanding it correctly, is that this process being patented *represents a risk to the bitcoin network*, whose mechanism of action would be, if I'm understanding correctly (and please do correct me if I'm not), that possession of such a patent by a presumable bad actor, would allow it to, somehow, eventually, take control of the mining hashrate, and thusly attacking bitcoin.
So this is what I was debating, because it seems just so utterly absurd to me. Now here you seem to be arguing that it would be justified for them to change the algo to somehow... what? "Protect the ASIC market from itself", and "ensure its diversity"? If so, and again, correct me if I'm wrong, what the fuck are we playing at here? Central economic planning **and** antitrust department? What should we seek next, to devise a scheme to prevent people from sending bitcoins to exchanges that "may pose a risk to them"? To block hardware wallets which also engage in evil, evil patenting of their inventions?
Do you see what I'm saying?
@_date: 2016-05-20 06:10:49
To follow your extremely biased analogy, the people are in a rush because a of last year, the road could technically and safely handle 320mph (4x the actual speed) **for sure**, and likely much more; and by going at 80, the roads are so full that no new cars can get in. Since bitcoin is supposed to be a superhighway for the world, having it be full all the time really doesn't allow for any more growth. 80mph is **not** the "correct" speed, not if we expect bitcoin to be adopted widely. Right now only people with teslas (very early adopters) are using it. The market has expressed interest in it, but we just can't accomodate more people in our toy road under the current artificial limitation.
@_date: 2016-05-21 07:38:06
I can't for the life of me understand what makes people like you declare random cryptocurrencies "scams". Amusingly enough I got the same vibe way back when people were calling bitcoin a scam. Would you mind breaking it down for me?
@_date: 2016-05-12 00:47:07


I must have missed the "public" part of the released "document" where it stated this particular point of the agreement. Perhaps I'm just clumsy like that, so coould you please point it out for me? I have a track record of admitting my wrongs and apologising.


I claimed no such thing. But they weren't public by any stretch of the definition.


And without a public transcript of the talks (and an outright refusal to livestream them), I'm afraid that suspicion can't possibly be lifted. Such are the problems of dealing in the shadows. And we're forced to follow the evidence that we do have.
@_date: 2016-05-19 18:25:58
I'm sorry, but your personal definition of censorship simply doesn't fit what the rest of the world defines it as.
This is not the kind of thing you can rhetorice your way around, I'm sorry. 
Despite oir previous misunderstandings, before this I though you were a more or less reasonable person. Not so anymore, I'm afraid. Regardless, and I'll repeat it one last time, stop spreading misinformation. That you're being downvoted "in your own sub" (to follow your stupid partisan view of the bitcoin community) should make you stop and rethink just how radicalised you've become.
Good day.
@_date: 2016-05-13 16:21:17


No; this is actually what the whole field of economics studies. The past is called history. 


I do; I don't believe you lie when you say you believe the things you do. What I'm teying to say is that you're believing based on nothing but (literally) wild-ass, and uneducated at that, speculation. If this were your pet software project, nobody would care; but they're making decisions will which have effects on hundreds of millions of dollars' worth of investments, or more.
I'm frankly concerned that you not only refuse to see this, but that you're supporting blind shots in the dark where it comes to the Core devs. In their case it's particularly teoublesome, because it's not only that they act on no evidence (or even sound economic theory), but that they directly disregard that which exists. **This** is what fuels conspiracy theories, in case you anted "to see where the other side is coming from". It becomes hard to believe that highly technical and educated people, who understand just how poorly laypeople understand their field, act so brazenly, and proclaim so definitively, things that are so widely outside of the scope of their own training.
It's sad that, having reached the end of your arguments ("presuming this kind of knowledge actualy exists and is attainable is a fool's errand"), you decide to declare " thatball has been said" in this debate, instead of, you know, following the logic you claim to follow and at least entertain the alternate hypothesis.
I'll certainly keep that in mind whenever you decide to interject in another one of my discussions in the future. Have a good day.
@_date: 2015-02-02 18:30:13
BeagleBoard?  How about the [Odroid C1]( The market has been exploding with RPi alternatives (most of them an actually better value) for ~ the last year.
@_date: 2016-05-09 20:34:50
Yeah, the entire point of the discussion was to increase capacity, to a point where we wouldn't need to worry about it. Not a 1.7x increase (at best), with an extreme reluctance to commit to a HF. Not to support a team who want to engage in central economic planning. 
Your tags are your business. I think account age and history paint a different story than everyone who's called me a "shill" in this sub wants to tell themselves or others, which BTW i have found to be a cheap substitute for a proper ad-hominem. 
@_date: 2016-05-12 06:11:58
Should we also fix the algo not to "favour" 14nm process asics over 18nm ones as well?
@_date: 2016-05-19 12:19:25


You say so, and then resort to clowning and a large list of logical fallacies when confronted with evidence towards a viewpoint you claim to not be conditioned against.


Not the first time I've been called in this sub. Curiously, though, 2 things always happen:
a) it's always at a point in the "debate" where I refuse to take the bait or acknowledge logical fallacies, and insist on the points and the primacy of evidence, and
b) when asked for the definition of troll they're using, and how I fit it, they come up with nothing.
I wonder of anything will be different this time.
@_date: 2016-05-21 16:43:48


I have a problem with the "malevolent transactions" concept. What are they, exactly? If they pay fees like everyone else (and thusly help subsidise the PoW), why should they not be confirmed?


Well, look at the previous quote. What did you mean by "charging more"? That's what I mean, as well as your very proposal to define some paying transactions as malevolent.


Well good, because a simple solution to subsidising the PoW once the coinbase rewards end is to simply include many more small fees into each block, "malevolent" or not. See how the system can work as designed, without the need for any artificial intervention or forced "fee markets"?
@_date: 2016-05-18 15:44:43


All of them? Really? Regardless, the particular developers that are making these sorts of decisions are crucially undertrained in economics. And yet you say this with a straight face?


Other people have, and it's no use. They get rejected, even in the face of evidence. Which underlines the ridiculousness with the whole "it's OSS! Contribute if you must!" argument. It's a fallacy. 


Right. Which is all the evidence that is incidentally needed to justify anything. Deeply ironic. But I guess we shall see in time, won't we?
@_date: 2016-05-19 09:12:04
Dark side for adopting another cryptocurrency? Surely we shouldn't expect a private company to pursue doing business in whatever (legal and ethical) way, and involving whatever currency they see fit, to continue growing, should we?
If they perceive or have measured to be stagnating economically, or even ethereum having good potential for becoming a useful and widespread cryptocurrency, why on earth should we berate them for doing so? 
You like bitcoin, that's fine. But your livelihood isn't tied to it, while theirs is. They should absolutely be exploring whatever they think will help them increase profits. Teenaged "loyalties" have no place in the real business world. The market will follow the money, and that's what moves our economy.
@_date: 2016-05-05 06:18:51


That or you answered to questions they didn't ask. You're engaging in a sort of reverae appeal to authority, by insisting over and over that it doesn't matter who he is. And in an aspect you're correct, perhaps at least where it concerns the current state of bitcoin, it doesn't matter who he is.
But claiming that, in general terms, it doesn't matter, is quite the self-defeating comment, that paints you in a very desperate light. And I wager *that* is the reason your comments aren't being printed. Perhaps the same way that, were Florence's Cathedral's architect unknown, the press would utterly ignore the current chief masonry maintainer's comments, if when reached for comment regarding a potential discovery, he centered his response around "nobody cares is this Brunelleschi guy did it, it's not important. Look at the great work we're currently doing!". Completely uninteresting, and ridiculously shortsighted, at best. 
Nobody is trying to silence you, I'm afraid.
@_date: 2016-05-02 14:47:22


How much are you willing to bet he'll never be granted his privileges again?
@_date: 2016-05-18 04:44:25
You know? Excepting all the vitriol and the incomprehensible blatant insults to a large part of the community, I rather agree with your main claim here.
Please consider in the future not being quite as unnecesarily polarising with what is actually a significative portion of the community. Labelling everyone who disagrees with you "idiots" and "sheep" is a sure way to not get your message accross and prevent any meaningful agreement.
@_date: 2016-05-24 05:45:05
Well, we found the not-engineer who's not-working in any such field.
@_date: 2016-05-21 17:33:20
An unintended mistake, point conceded. I was going on anecdotal evidence, admittedly. I will make sure to keep this in mind in the future. 
If anything, though, this new information reinforces my overall point.
@_date: 2016-05-05 09:45:14


My apologies, I must have misread your implication. Which is weird because I get the exact same vibe from the rest of that paragraph.


And yet I never said, nor implied, anything even remotely similar. In fact I was trying to point out that the identity of Satoshi is extremely important for historical reasons if nothing else (I gather my Brunelleschi analogy falls on deserted land with you), and I was trying to get you to understand that the reason your comments aren't being published is because in your desperation to make anti-authority arguments (ironically made from a position of authority yourself, but let's leave those sorts of inconsistencies and double standards aside for now, because I'd be asured you would simply not respond), you're failing to answer on topic on the articles they were writing.
So again, neither a lack of eye-catching headlines (this was way too vague and wide and easy an accusation to make anyways), nor, indeed, an attempt to silence you. Just plain off-topic. Serious news outlets don't take kindly to people in positions of authority to use them as platforms for spreading their own messages, for future reference.
@_date: 2016-05-20 11:28:23
I'm not opposed to that. I'm opposed to restricting the limit on a road that can absolutely handle it, while the monorail is in the design phase, and nobody can even say how it will be built in order to avoid a centralised oligopoly cashing in on all the profits from said monorail.
@_date: 2016-05-12 08:08:58
No, I'm asking questions which so far nobody has answered (peter is also engaging in red herrings).
@_date: 2016-05-20 09:56:37


It does. It's stagnated. Anyone who believes fees would be an indication of saturation are ignorant about what markets expect of wealth tranfer services. 
Hint: unkown and raising fees (until the moment of transaction) aren't expected, used, or wanted in this market. Not many people will wilfully spend increasing and uncertain amounts of money for voluntary transactions before choosing to use an alternative. The only situation I see people willing to pay high fees would be in the event of a bitcoin run, when people will be in a hurry to cash out from a spiraling bitcoin, to avoid being left holding a worthless token.
When the fees rise it won't be an indication that the block must be raised. It will be a signal that it's almost certainly over.
@_date: 2016-05-30 12:16:12
I have a serious question for the both of you, which I'm not sure it's the right people to ask given that both your accounts are suspiciously new, but here it goes: 
Is a company supposed to rise or sink with bitcoin in order for you to consider them a "good" company? I mean, I hear you talk of "loyalties" and such, but anywhere else in the business world people would laugh their assess off at such concepts.
I mean, I hear people complain about their customer service, and that's fine, but seriously, for "betraying bitcoin"? That's just plain delusional.
@_date: 2016-07-28 10:12:14
So will you lay out an actual attack vector (accompanied by a real-world example, as per your claim), or do you tend to default to vague statements when pressed for details?
@_date: 2016-05-23 20:07:40
Well, you're right, Newegg didn't state specific reasons for stopping supporting bitcoin.
As for the rest, if you consider a business refusing to accept BTC and publicising it in BTC to be a "political statement", then sure. TBH I misremembered their specific stated reason (although TBF the whole RBF bullshit was only released in the wake of the february transaction unrealibility issue), but there you go. Some businesses are disagreeing with the direction the current devs are going. 
Will you deny, though, that the stated functionality of bitcoin by the current leadership excludes the usecase of individual purchases by both online or offline retailers?
@_date: 2016-05-24 20:36:33
Bitcoin isn't an alternative to anything in its current state. It cannot possibly handle thousands, let alone millions, of new users anymore. Let's stop advertising it until it is fixed, lest the world finds out about this embarrasing state of affairs and writes off bitcoin forever.
@_date: 2016-07-21 06:24:16


What? It's a very simple question: Is there anything either in their blog post, or the way they're legally handling the patents, that makes Blockstream's Pledge any more legally binding than Coinbase's?
There's no manipulation here; you can either answer the question or you can't. OP already tried the whole "ad-hominem instead of an actual response", and now you're doing the same. And I'm genuinely curious as to how people here seem to have such drastically different impressions of both pledges, when, at least as far as I can tell they only differ in literary style. OP went as far as denouncing CB for not being "legally binding", implying that BS' was, and I'm just not seeing it, so I asked the question.
I honestly never thought it'd be so hard to get a straight answer to such a simple question.
@_date: 2016-07-31 08:24:55
I see.


Well, yes, then. What I fail to grasp is how is this an argument or justification for the vitriol CB is getting on this sub given that all these events have happened within the last month.
@_date: 2016-05-22 17:30:27
OK, so you possess (good) evidence to support **your** claim, I gather?
@_date: 2016-07-28 10:29:15
So, a 51% attack? In such a scenario full nodes are fucked as well, and your arguments for "emergency PoW changes" are not within neither the current bitcoin security model, nor something having a full node automatically protects you against. 
Because if "pow change, we'll all upgrade" is your ridiculous arguments, SPV wallets could be upgraded just as well, with equal ease and speed as full nodes can.
@_date: 2016-07-27 21:00:40


You're concluding that, without explaining your reasoning. And in this case, for your conclusion to be right, you need to show his arguments to be invalid. Which you've not done, and which I've asked you to do. So please do.
@_date: 2016-07-05 10:58:26
I hope I'm not misrepresenting the "official" stance (of which there shouldn't be one because we get reminded everyone someone needs to respond for changes or lack of then, that Core is "not a single entity but a variety of developers who have very differing opinions) here, but something to do with a) blocks not being "actually" full (going so far as to say 500-750kb shpuld be enough fpr today), b), that "segwit is actually a blocksize increase".
Nevermind the incongruency, but it is what it is.
@_date: 2016-05-03 13:00:49
CW has been for huge blocks since forever. It could of course point to motivationa for Gavin to lie, if he had the remotest record of ever having done so.
@_date: 2016-05-21 07:01:45
Because in this sub it seems that most of the people who are left here believe that bitcoin should succeed by sheer force of zealotry and teenaged loyalty, as opposed to merit, usefulness, and value.
The blindness and denial of the market expressing loud and clear that bitcoin is lagging behind, is staggering. 
@_date: 2016-07-22 01:00:49
Holy shit for someone claiming it's such a trivial, simple, and obvious answer, you sure are being very guarded and reluctant to just give it. 
I wonder why that is. Such a mysterious and incomprehensible attitude. Needless to say I won't hold my breath waiting for an answer, nor will I continue wasting my time with you.
@_date: 2016-07-28 17:38:08


I see. So your attack vector for a SPV wallet are miners that decide to extricate themselves from the main chain voluntarily with the express purpose of going against the majority of the economy for the sake of "stealing" some coins that they absolutely won't be able to spend with the rest of the economy (because of course at least exchanges run full nodes), for the sake of fooling SPV nodes into accepting these fake coins?
I guess I'm not seeing the benefit, unless you prepare a very specific attack in which you'll attempt to have a person sell you something very expensive and you know they'll be using an SPV wallet? At this point, and assuming &gt;51% hashpower collusion, honestly they'd have much more to gain by doing a regular double spending attack, after which they'd be able to use their coins with the rest of the economy.
...which of course is my whole objection with these sorts of hypothetical attacks: it requires me to suspend disbelief and consider it likely that people would spend far more resources (to achieve &gt;51% hash) than they would everp possibly be able to recoup from such an attack. 
@_date: 2016-07-30 22:45:41
You'll have to enlighten me, as I'm unaware of what it is you're speaking of. REgardless, though, I'm unsure how relevant this particular subject is, considering what we're talking about predates the ETH HF by almost a year.
@_date: 2016-07-28 05:32:37
And now trying to get the last word so as to get a sense that you've won. And with the most mature of responses at that. What's next, will you declare me a troll? Feign rightgeous indignation and proclaim you won't respond so as to not dirty yourself? Give me a break. I've heard it all before, and it just boils down to you being unable to defend your beliefs in a logical, coherently argumented manner. So personal insults and other fallacies is what you go for. Marvellous.
Have a nice day.
@_date: 2016-07-30 08:43:24
Are you seriously just slinging such serious accusations without so much as a hint of proof? Gosh you must be desperate.
@_date: 2016-07-21 05:28:25
I asked but a very simple question for you to support your difference of opinion between 2 quite identical acts (from a legal standpoint); one which you abhor and denounce as anti-competitive, and the other you applaud as a bitcoin-saving "dedensive measure".
Your answer? Ad-hominems and rightegous indignation.
Listen as flattering as it is for you to have had to go through my comment history to try and find a justification to ignore the cognitive dissonance I just caused you, it's just logically unsound and intellectually dishonest. If you can't answer what should be a very simple question if you were right in treating these 2 companies so  differently, perhaps that's something that should give you pause. For some reason, it seems it doesn't.


I read both. And while we coukd discuss for ages regarding the nature and quakity of their literary merits, my question was a very different, yet very simple one: despite those 2 blog post announcements, is there **any** legally-binding measure to ensure that what they promise will hold true, in all possible circumstances? When asked this very direct question, Gregory Maxwell at least had the decency to answer truthfully that they would reserve the right to sue anyone they deemed were engaging in innappropriate behaviour with the software. 
So in other words, we already know the answer as to the legally-binding nature of the blog post; I just wanted to see how honest you were being about it.
@_date: 2016-07-22 00:08:13


My simple question was for you to explain how exactly this is so (legally speaking). Enough tangentiality. Either get into the meat of the argument, or stop wasting my time. This is the third time I ask mind you.
@_date: 2016-07-27 21:32:43


It comes in where miners decide the minimum fee they're willing to accept is. But that's almost beside the point Gregory, with this whole exchange you seem to want to deny the **reality** that, precious to a) RBF and b) blocks being full, that the absolute majority of the economic players of bitcoin accepted zero-conf transactions with an extremely high certainty so as to never have been an issue... Except when one of the people you kindly refer to as "the dipshits", doing honor to his name, went and publicly stole money to make some ridiculous point nobody asked him to make. Why spend so much effort to deny a well establed **reality**?


Ah, I see your tune has changed here, to focus around storage (a ridiculously weak argument, in that not even the people who run full nodes, myself included, bring this up as a concern), since latency as a centralising issue was a) disproved by both miners and the academic community, and b) the introduction of xthin blocks made arguing for it become an excercise in ridiculing Core as compared to BU (but that's OK since Core will adopt an even better solution, is that not the case?). To be honest it's kind of sad to see you have to resort to argue for essentially censoring what miners would otherwise consider valid transactions, in order to prevent some hypothetical boogeyman that has nobody else concerned, nor has it ever proven to be an issue when blocks had plenty of space to spare (and thusly according to your reasoning, "to attack").
Bitcoin has stopped growing, the price has stagnated, and its real-world utility is already plenty degraded (it's no longer useful for PoS payments, it's no longer a remittance currency, it's no longer a feasible "empowering for the world's unbanked", just to name a few). Surely you realise that for the moment it's retaining its value due to momentum and an ecosystem-wide sunken-cost fallacy; but even you understand that business is starting to move elsewhere.
I know I won't sway you (lol) but wholy shit will you not be able to say nobody warned you. History doesn't tend to be kind to these sorts of people; but perhaps your salvation might lie in bitcoin dying and ending up forgotten?
@_date: 2015-03-13 13:07:10
Are you speaking in an official capacity for Mycellium? Because if so, we're going to need a few more answers.
"Trust us that you can trust us" isn't exactly relieving when it comes to non-FOSS
 
@_date: 2016-07-30 17:00:08


I'm curious as to where you feel the CEO of Coinbase is misinformed?
@_date: 2016-07-27 19:34:54
Do you somehow feel his point is invalid? If you do, please do point it out. Otherwise, some of us would absolutely like to see the people at Blockstream address this specific concern. 
Unless you believe they shouldn't have to? Continuing to derail the conversation isn't useful nor adding to the discussion at all.
@_date: 2016-07-28 16:50:39


You'll have to explain exactly "how" this happens, as I'm not seeing how that's a possibility under the current consensus rules.


Yeah, that was a HF that changed the consensus rules.
I'm very curious as to whether you're genuinely unaware that what you're saying is technically extremely vague/impossible, or you're subtly trolling.
@_date: 2016-07-30 16:58:59
There are of course the usual posts about being careful and not leaving your bitcoins entrusted to **any** exchange, but I think we can both agree that that's not really what OP is asking about, now, is it? As you can see from those links (all over a year old), the attitude towards this company was quite a different one before Armstrong expressed his views on the blocksize debate.
@_date: 2016-07-31 15:47:40
Thanks for your opinion.
@_date: 2016-05-18 21:55:31


Aha, a shifting of goalposts. That's exactly what they did as well, without so much as acknowledging the evidence. Which is what we're discussing here, is it not? Attempting to get at the bottom of what bitcoin needs to scale? So if they give **one** unsormountable reason, and that reason is proven wrong, and they not only not relent, but don't even engage in the discussion... What does that tell you about their actual motivations? What they me is that they're not being honest as to what their motivations are, and that any "reason" given can't be subjected to evidence, or sciemce, or even sound economic principles... Because they just don't care. What I truly marvel at, though, is how they've managed to turn a sizable portion of the community into their personal propaganda bearers, who follow those very same tactics... Goal-shifting, evidence imperviousness... Rest assured I don't believe you're being paid to write these things, mind you... But it does marvel me.
So please, allow me to ask this again and do answer this time: if evidence won't sway you, or hell, even make you stop for a second and consider that maybe, perhaps, you've got this wrong... Then what would it be necessary for you to start questioning these beliefs?


This is a red herring and you dom't even seem to realise it, along the previous lines. The "lack of consensus" point is a particularly funny one in that, by definition, they would need to agree with any proposed changes for anything ever to be labeled as "having consensus". Never mind, again, the double standard when it comes to implementing changes they **do** want in... Because in that case no such thing is needed.


I'm sorry, but are you attempting to put words in my mouth? Where is the person i was debating with just 2 comments ago, the one asking for evidence and attempting to refute my points one by one? I feel like you're attempting to bait me into detailing the discussion into something else entirely... And while the all-too-curious coincidence of the price stagnation with the blocks being full is a worthwhile debate on its own, I'd rather you just sticked the things we were actually discussing, if you don't mind.
Unless the cognitive dissonance is too much, that is.
@_date: 2016-07-30 18:20:43
And you're entitled to your opinion, but opinions are not what debates are meant to clarify.
@_date: 2016-07-29 05:27:21
I'm sorry, but it's not clear to me which one of the 2 forcefully exclusive options you picked. Because it sounds like somehow you're arguing for both, with your whole "everyone who decided to fork are wrong because my judgement of what's right should prevail over everyone, so I'll still label this "an attack", even though it met the conditions to be considered a successful network upgrade with overwhelming consensus of everyone involved".
@_date: 2016-07-30 22:50:05
I asked for specifics. 
@_date: 2016-07-30 22:49:29
Your take on the situation is just so radically different from my own experience, that I'm just not sure I even want to get into a debate with you over it. 
@_date: 2016-05-22 19:47:58
I skimmed thought all of it, and while indeed it's a compilation for the various reasons various people at core have given against the 2mb HF, it's not at all what I asked. So I'll reiterate the matter in discussion and the question:
The matter we're discussing is whether increasing the block size would lead to centralisation, and to what extent, or where the "safety" limit is, for the time being. Maxwell has written extensively on the subject (aside from that compilation), but at the end of the day I've never seen him support his claims with any kind of data, measurements, or direct modelling. 
Now, you claim the Cornell paper has "bad methodology". That's fine, it's a respectable opinion. What it does, though, is raise the bar against which any past and future claims contrary to their conclusion needs to be met with at least a similar standard of evidence. This is how science works, and this is how logical debates are had.
Now I'm asking whether you have evidence of the same standard (published, peer reviewed, independent top university), that supports your claim.
@_date: 2016-05-15 05:48:14


Exactly, which makes this whole debate kind of insane. If this Hanke guy decided to make his miners more than 10% more expensive than the competition, it would make more economic sense to just use the money to but regular asics. I'm failing to see the centralisation danger here.
@_date: 2016-07-28 10:10:55
Don't know if you're just ignorant or being intentionally deceptive; but SPV mining and SPV wallets aren't the same thing at all, and indeed an SPV wallet can't possibly create a fork. Nor misplace the funds, by virtue of it being SPV.
@_date: 2016-07-30 17:59:57


Again, respectfully, I have no interest in debating with you about your worldview.


What? What part of "private company" do you not understand? Would you say Wendy's has "a responbility to uphold the values of good food than some random site that appropriated the term 'slow food'"? Do you not see how completely absurd your arguments are? Do you think my pointing this pretty evident stuff out is "applying a double standard"? And more importantly, even if I were, are you not by saying this, recognising that "discourse manipulation" is bad? 
I'm truly in awe at the amount of cognitive dissonance you are able to hold in your head at once.


Oh my, an attempt at a subtle insult. Again, a simple manipulation, instead of seeing it as the refusal to engage in red herrings that it is.
@_date: 2016-07-28 09:48:51
Because to the mods apparently anything **not** concerning bitcoin whatsoever is far more relevant and thusly allowed than discussion of other cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2016-07-29 12:08:55
Non-sequitour. I'll stop wasting my time now, but I'll bring your attention to this discussion in the future whenever I see you defend either one of those 2 mutually exclusive ideas of yours.
@_date: 2016-07-27 21:37:19
Refusing to actually substantiate a claim? What a completely unexpected turn of events! I'm shocked, I tell you, **shocked**!
@_date: 2016-07-28 11:08:14
You're raising philosophical questions rather than technical ones, but the simple answer is that in a bitcoin mining situation, the interests of the miners are 100% aligned with the rest of the economy, so in this very touchy and difficult game-theory problem to solve (as compared to say, the regular central-banking fiat system), bitcoin solved it because everyone will stand to profit when everyone is acting selfishly.
But, again, this is only tangentially related to the discussion at hand, because indeed in the event of an economy-wide PoW change, SPV wallets would have every opportunity, and be no different in that regard, to be upgraded in exactly the same way as full nodes would. Somehow you seem to imply that that would not be the case, and it is absurd.
@_date: 2016-07-30 17:13:06
What can I say, you raise a lot of good questions, but provided no answer to mine.
Personally? I think there's plenty of good news to Coinbase, and many of the "bad news" for which they receive such vitriol are simply out of their control, and are exactly the same for literally every other company licenced to operate in the US (KYC compliance, compliance with the courts). 
Yes, I insinuated such a thing, but as you point out, I don't have such proof (nor am I actively looking for it, don't worry). But with your (all the mods collective "your") blatant acknowledgement (and even pride I'd say) of the very active "information flow management" you engage in, can you really blame my suspicions? After all, CB's CEO **did** come out in favour of the hardfork so malinged by you people, that you've taken to call its theorerical product "an altcoin". 
It doesn't take a genius, nor a particularly paranoid person to connect these very clear dots.
@_date: 2016-07-28 10:19:10


...for the whole duration of a single block. Which also happened to the rest of the **full nodes** that hadn't upgraded (the wonders of the security model of soft-forking, but that's another discussion for another day). Thankfully bitcoin was designed with precisely these sorts of issues in mind (which is essentially the same problem that arises when 2 blocks are found at the same time), and by the next block the "problem" corrected itself.
Not sure what your argument was, but it's certainly not a "problem" inherent to SPV nodes, which is the whole point of this discussion.
@_date: 2016-07-30 16:43:52


So have they about literally every other company. This is not a point of contention.


And yet, the curious shift in the general commentary towards this company only changed then.


By all means show me a few examples of positive, plenty-upvoted threads about Coinbase since, let's say, August of last year (honestly I don't have an exact date, but that sounds about right), if you're so sure . I have my own "thoughts" on what role you've had to play on the matter, as a mod of this sub, who's trying to contradict this very simple and self-evident observation of mine. But as I said, I'd rather people drew their own conclusions.
@_date: 2016-07-30 17:33:29


Funny you might bring this up, given the vitriol they've received for this matter on this sub (and not on any other) for doing what any sensible business in their position would.


I can't even comprehend how you're even remotely comparing a private company's PR subreddit with the biggest one for the main cryptocurrency (whose values are libertarian at its core), as a way of justification for the "restriction of discourse" that's enforced here. Any words I could come up with to describe the ridiculousness of this comparison wouldn't do justice to the reality of it. 
As for the rest, please don't be offended, but I'm not interested in engaging with you on how you've interpreted what's been going on in the last few months, even less when you do so with official doublespeak terminology. We're just not going to agree.
@_date: 2016-07-28 16:38:01


Except this isn't the case at all, except for a very specific kind of 51% attack, in which malicious miners decide not merely to perform a double spending attack, but one that would fork the blockchain into one with different consensus rules. But that's less an "attack" and more simply "a fork", on which nodes can choose to stay or go with the new fork.
For regular 51% double spend attacks, of course, full nodes would absolutely be "fooled" into taking fake transactions as valid (because essentially they would be).


This is funny sentiment, given that you support the upgrading of bitcoin via softforks, the most discussed of which ends up involuntarily rendering previously full nodes into non-validating ones. I wonder how this fits in your overall view of the whole situation?
@_date: 2016-07-05 11:00:46
Seeing these sorts of comments in the wild scare me shitless.
@_date: 2016-07-28 19:26:52
No; the ETH fork had majoritary consensus, making defining the forked chain as "an attack" as more than a bit disingenuous.
But more than that, it goes against everything you've been spouting lately. Becaise either:
* ETH miners forked against community consensus, making it "an attack by the miners", in which case what you say regarding "the rest of the community has to be in agreement to HF; miners can't do it on their own or their chain will die" is complete and demonstrable bullshit, **or**,
* ETH miners forked in accordance with the rest of the community, with a small minority trying to stick to the previous chain, but eventually dying (aka: the HF went without a glitch), in which case you calling it "an attack" is complete and unadulterated bullshit.
Pick one, because you can't have both.
@_date: 2016-07-29 08:16:21
It's not an assumption, it's the way the consensus mechanism works. Yes, there are only 2 options, and I find it hilarious that you backed yourself into that corner where you can't even admit to yourself how wrong you've been all these months.
@_date: 2016-07-20 15:40:51


I'm interested in you explaining to me how blockstream's pledge is any more legally binding that coinbase's promise.
I'm nm trying to pinpoint the exact source of this double-standard, because I seriously believe there's a narrative being pushed here, and either Coinbase are being made to be the bad guys, or Blockstream aren't being treated with the skepticism that the values of bitcoin require from us.
@_date: 2016-07-30 17:50:36
That's patently untrue, as most who have been vanished from this sub can attest. Some people, sure, "instigate rebellious behaviour" (whatever the fuck that means in a system that supposedly is based on trustlessness), but not all of them. Myself included ("my vanishment has expired thankfully so I can say these things").
@_date: 2016-07-21 13:46:16


Actually you're wrong if we're being needlessly pedantic: one of the options was: 


Meaning if BS are being treated as heroes, CB should be as well. I really don't see this false choice situation you're convinced exist, so either you're being intentionally dishonest (to what end, distract from the main point?), or unintentionally (reading comprehension problems?).
So kindly, and this is the second time I request this of you, stop red-herring this whole discussion (or don't, but at least answer), and answer the simple question.  I'm sure you don't need me to repeat it.
@_date: 2016-07-22 08:11:35
Ugh. As usual, spending all your comments on insults, assuming I haven't already read them, and refusing to address the question directly.
I understand the licencing, and I understand they've made a "pledge". My simple question, which is were BS to changw their mind in the future or decide your righful innovation a-là opensource way is subject for them to engage in " defensive action", what legally-binding role do you think a pledge on a website would have in the event of a suit? You do understand that the patent will ultimately be granted to **them**, right? A patent as a legal entity which is designed to allow you to sue anyone using your "invention" who you don't feel should be using it?
But of course you're avoiding the actual meat of the matter, because surely you've read BS' CTO engage in veiled legal threats against competing implementations **already**, not a day after the announcement, and certainly a long way off from even havinggotten said patents granted.
This is as far as I go. I will normally gladly take misguided abuse from someone who's at least willing to be intellectually honest, but your substanceless diatribes lead me to believe that you're either directly trolling or simply have no real understanding of what it is we're really discussing (and are afraid to engage in a discussion over any more than extremely headline-general arguments).
Either way, have a good day.
@_date: 2016-05-25 21:49:25


Funny, another core Dev would  use your same "logic" to argue that you can't disprove the existence of god.
@_date: 2016-07-28 10:02:29


Aside from this bit being ridiculously untrue (the probability is literally 1e^-6), predicting such an event so as to time it to effect an attack would be impossible.
Your counterarguments are weak at best, but more than that it almost sounds like you want to project a narrative rather than educate the people on how bitcoin actually functions. 
So to recap, the facts that you've failed to refute are 2:
* that SPV wallets are as secure as the majority hashpower.
* if you can't trust the majority hashpower, bitcoin is fucked regardless.
@_date: 2016-07-28 16:40:12
I'll need you to be more specific in the description of your attack vector, because this too sounds like a double-spending attack.
@_date: 2013-09-15 10:44:47
I think you're misunderstanding him. He's not going to save the keys or the passphrase in his email, but rather the **program** used to turn the passphrase into the private key. To ensure said program never disappears. 
@_date: 2016-07-22 06:29:07
I'm sorry but the link you provided to their blog post, and which of course I'd already read, does not support the claim that anything in the way they're doing things is **legally** different (nor binding) from what CB is.
So thanks for your concern and grand lesson on how I'm such a troll, but, predictably, it turns out your claim was empty, and indeed mine remains true.


Oh, this is a new one I hadn't come across in a while, in that apparently I've been hiding under a rock and now we're all doing reverse-debating where the burden of proof is on me to prove *your* claims.
Wonderful. But, you know, keep on downvoting me personally, perhaps that way, some day, I'll become wronger...
@_date: 2016-07-28 11:11:14
If there is no PoW change during a 51% attack, then full nodes would be "fooled" as well. So I guess I'm not really seeing the difference here?
@_date: 2016-07-30 09:01:22
Yes, PoRs should be an industry standard, I fully support that. That's a long way off from accusing a single company (out of all of those that don't do PoR) of insolvency and an impending collapse.
It's unethical, and your motivations are transparent.
@_date: 2016-07-09 17:34:42
Take it up with Greg who claims it's *the* blocksize increase the community and miners asked for.
@_date: 2013-07-27 11:44:16
UK seems to be adopting it like nowhere else. I'm envyous.
@_date: 2013-12-25 12:39:54
Yes you can. But sadly, if you want to starting using bitcoin as if you were in fact an adult and in charge of your money and apps, you're going to have to ditch Apple for now. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 12:36:55


Really now? As a guy who knows his GF's tastes in lingerie (but who also has quite his own tastes on the matter), I have to disagree completely. I love gifting lingerie, and I've even had girlfriends switch preferred lingerie styles because of gifts I've given them. 
I understand your meaning (if you don't know wether she'll like it, better not to gift her such intimate things), but assuming every man is a clueless sap who's ignorant in lingerie matters is a bit presumptuous.
@_date: 2013-03-27 19:07:11
No, paying for crystal meth with anything is illegal.
@_date: 2013-06-16 14:14:56


Is this something they can do in other countries, though? 
That said, this is the most fantastic case-scenario that I can think for bitcoin, once it becomes a mainstream and stable currency. Nobody can take away what is yours. The fact that this is able to be done without a court order following a trial that had determined the money was not actually rightfully yours in the first place is rather scary to begin with.
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:50:17
Coming from a country where tipping is neither mandatory nor expected, I find it a bit of a shock that that sort of thing is even legal. I mean, not paying full wages expecting that the customer will directly supplement their pay.
@_date: 2013-12-26 09:49:03
The blockchain app, aside from being the only bitcoin app available (the coinbase app was recently removed, for instance), is not actually a "real", local bitcoin wallet. It's little more than a webapp for a webwallet service. So yes, they have actively banned not only "true" bitcoin apps (there's no mycellium or electrum to be found there, for instance, and not because the developers aren't interested in publishing on itunes), but also, as I mentioned, even webwallet ones, with seemingly arbitrary criteria.
Could I ask of you to at least be intellectually honest within the bounds of this discussion?
@_date: 2016-07-28 12:27:23


Can you please define what "steal coins" means in this scenario, if it apparently isn't a double-spending attack?
@_date: 2013-07-28 18:27:02
I'm neither. And clearly aren't either the customers of all the businesses (both AFK and online) that every week and day continue to add bitcoin as an accepted payment method.
@_date: 2013-09-15 19:32:54
awesome, thanks!
@_date: 2016-07-30 08:40:50
Coinbase used to be the golden child of this sub, until the blocksize debate exploded. Their CEO came out as supporting big blocks. 
Since then, I've never seen a single positive thread about this company on this sub. Draw your own conclusions.
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:47:39
She may want the D, man. It may or may not be related to her sudden realisation that you just might be extremely BT-wealthy.
@_date: 2013-12-26 09:46:06
Well, I can't say I understand it either, which is part of the problem, isn't it?
@_date: 2013-10-07 18:21:29
Yes, the private key is enough. Even better if it was generated deterministically so that he could have stored it in his brain. If someone took my hardware today, aside from being certainly sure that they wouldn't be able to access my bitcoins due to my wallet file being encrypted, I'd be able to recover it from my mind.
@_date: 2013-09-15 18:46:41
Stupid question though: How does one save the javascript executable?
@_date: 2013-10-11 18:23:25


Do you not see the irony in your own comment? It's nothing short of a political statement. Or else why would you start digressing into philosophical matters of "measure of value" (one with which I do not think many people would agree: just take a look at the societal value of teachers vs. professional sports players, and then at their incomes), "forceful redistribution", and "skewed markets" (again, debatable concepts), when you yourself have tacitly agreed that it'd be better for society as a whole, and indeed, the economy? Towards the end you lose yourself again trying to fearmonger by calling it "exploitation" (as if the current system in the least regulated sector [ie: no minimum wage and such] weren't exploitative at all), but overall I don't think you form a very convincing or even cohesive argument.
There are some of us who think of things as education and healthcare as basic human rights (without a political agenda at all), but what you're saying is just... well.
@_date: 2013-04-03 10:07:55
I actually don't like this. This has too much of a "bubble" feel again. I don't like bubbles. I'd rather it kept steadily and slowly going up right on par with its adoption rate and usability.
@_date: 2013-03-28 10:03:21
Just **possessing** crystal meth is illegal, and it has nothing to do with it being a viable monetary medium or not. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:08:17
How the fuck is this possible in 2013 in a non-communist, or otherwise western country?
@_date: 2013-11-04 12:28:00
Does Amazon require that the government recognise their virtual currency as "legal"? 
All this matter about the legality of Bitcoin is absurd, IMO. People always can, could, and will be able to exchange whatever they deem appropriate for goods and services. The legal entity that is "legal tender" doesn't even enforce that someone has to take said currency for their goods and services. It only stipulates that it must be accepted if someone wishes to settle a debt with it.
@_date: 2013-03-27 12:31:52
Not to mention that given their divisibility (which should be infinite with a code change, right?), removing currency from circulation wouldn't at all affect its usefulness, as long as a single bitcoin remains in circulation (whose price would soar logaritmically as scarcity became higher, which would make it essentially impossible to simply buy it).
@_date: 2013-03-27 12:27:37
I live in northern Spain and I've heard from some friends that some people they know have been starting to deal with bitcoins with their mobile phones. 
Not the best source, I know, but if some dealers have started accepting credit cards, bitcoins are comparably much more convenient. In fact, they're only marginally less so than actual cash, with quite a few possible upsides.
@_date: 2013-08-25 12:09:48


For the last couple of days I've been pondering on exactly these issues, which I see as the major drawbacks for bitcoin (at least as an all-purpose and complete money solution). 
The fees issue, at least has the potential to be solved (as long as fees aren't to be made mandatory), but the first one? Is there any dialogue in the community trying to realistically address the serious scalability problem? I realise alt currencies like PPCoin address this to some degree, but is there anything Bitcoin itself could do?
@_date: 2013-12-25 15:04:58
You're using a webwallet. Such an "app" is little more than a webpage. Apple doesn't respect its users enough to give them the freedom to choose which apps they want to use. 
The whole idea behind bitcoin is precisely that you don't have to place your trust in anybody else. If you **want** to do that by signing up for a webwallet service, that's completely respectable and your prerrogative, but using "the blockchain app works without problems for me!" as a counterargument for what this very real concern is, is, aside from misguiding (the blockchain app is plagued with little bugs and problems), wanting to turn your head in the other direction. Working around a restriction (and by compromising privacy, security and control no less), does not make you "free". People in China who use VPNs to access the real internet aren't "free", but they have no other choice.
Please don't take this as an offense, and if you prefer iDevices for whatever reason, that's fine. But don't try to pretend that you're free to do whatever you want on it, especially regarding bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-27 12:33:40
Under this hypothethical scenario I believe bitcoin would be ubiquitous enough not to need to be exchanged for any other currency.
@_date: 2013-11-30 10:51:16


I felt a cold shiver down my spine at the prospect of this actually happening. If it's my money, why do they get to choose what I can spend it on, provided it's not actually illegal? In fact, isn't what they're doing in some fashion illegal?
@_date: 2013-12-25 15:57:30
You are missing the point. The point is that you are told what you can and cannot install on your device. Flash may not be important for you (but rest assured it is for others), so let's use this other example: by not allowing native, local, bitcoin apps, apple is forcing anyone who wishes to use bitcoins to trust a third party with their coins, let alone lose a whole layer of privacy. 
Can we stop pretending Apple is restricting these things for altruistic reasons and for the benefit of the users? Since you have a background in web-development, are you not offended that you've got your options for apps restricted on a device you wholly and completely paid for?
@_date: 2013-06-09 00:23:33
Or Mexico (only in certain touristic zones, but then again this is true of many other places).
@_date: 2013-12-25 22:23:02
There are similarly-sized smartphones on android. No need to be restricted by that.
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:34:20
Huh, I failed to remember that. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 08:35:48
You joke about it, but honestly, this is probably the case if you're uneasy with the idea of her having access to this kind of info.
@_date: 2013-10-14 13:31:16
I love how you think you can make actual progress in the adoption of Bitcoin sound like it's actually a bad thing for the community.
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:28:16
What you say is technically right, but when you push to become a sort of standard (or at least universally accepted and recognised) way of payment that would substitute the traditional way of physically exchanging cash (like the credit cards for instance, without which you wouldn't be able to access a whole lot of services, from hotel reservations to websites and services that use your CC as a way of identifying you), you surely must acquire a duty to be above making moral judgements, as long as it's legal.
@_date: 2013-12-25 23:18:47
For some reason my complete comment won't send (error 500), so let me simply ask of you to address the point I made in my previous comment, regarding bitcoin specifically, and how you believe apple made the right decision for you there. If later on reddit will allow me to submit my whole comment, I will in an edit.
@_date: 2013-03-27 12:23:39
I wonder how constitutional it would be to effectively **ban** a form of payment. I get that the government can enforce a universal form of payment (the official currency of the country), and even for the settlement of debt at that; but if a storeowner wants to sell their stuff in exchange for hugs, can the government really ban them from doing so? (and I'm asking in the legal sense, not the pragmatic one, which is of course ridiculous).
@_date: 2013-12-21 08:49:26
If you think good (both in quality and aesthetics) lingerie is mostly for the benefit of the guy, I think you'd find plenty of women disagreeing with you. We're not talking about cosplay here, and just like you don't wear your tightey whiteys even when you don't expect to be having sex, women who can afford to have plenty of high-end lingerie mostly end up using it in their day_to-day lives. It's plenty comfortable, durable, and makes **them** feel sexy irrespective of whether anyone else will be seeing it. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 09:05:30
People are telling you this for a reason. Refusing to pay off a huge debt because you want to continue to "invest"  on what at this point is clearly a purely speculative bubble is downright irrational. From all possible PoVs. "Loving the freedom" is great and all, but bitcoin won't stop existing just because you cash out.
Your wife isn't wrong in being angry at you. What you describe is quickly approaching ludopathy territory.
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:11:52
All possibilities, however I feel if the owner wanted not to lose a customer, she wouldn't have acted the way she did the first time. I have a hard time believing any restaurant owner would treat a client the way she did even if the client had outright not tipped at all. 
@_date: 2013-12-21 08:43:40
Fortunately, it's something you can learn!
@_date: 2013-11-28 09:44:24
It feels gimmicky coming from another phone, but what about a more "serious" machine? Perhaps the printed ticket the cash register prints? How about an NFC machine that you just approach your phone to? 
Frankly, while I understand your meaning, I think objectively speaking it just appears that way because we're used to credit cards. 
@_date: 2013-10-15 18:03:02


I don't propose to know the answer, but I sure as hell know that income isn't it.


Yeah, I said as much. What I don't see is how this fact in itself proves that the footballer is in fact more valuable (non-monetarily speaking, I mean; or to be more precise: "more valuable in their contributions to society") than the teacher.


Forced redistribution it is, but the word "skewed" implies an intentionality behind it. Giving people free healthcare has the intention of keeping the population healthy, not of doing whatever to the private healthcare industry.


[Uhm, no, not even close]( You need to study and inform yourself a bit if you're to debate such matters. There are things to debate from what I said, but what the concept of "human rights" entails is not one of them. You're coming across as deeply ignorant on these matters.
@_date: 2013-12-25 15:08:50
Those are fine points. But you don't get the option to choose, which is quite troublesome when some people use their handhelds as hubs for managing various aspects of their lives, including financial.
@_date: 2013-10-11 11:43:50
It's Microsoft's now, sadly, not very likely to happen. 
Not that it matters too much though, their client as well as service have suffered in the last few years. Am I mistaken in thinking the calls stopped being P2P since MS took over?