@_author: redlava
@_date: 2014-05-17 18:41:11
This, extended to support the globally distributed and perceived anonymous nature of the community members. Every person in the world is either a direct, indirect or potential user of Bitcoin - shareholders in their currency, if you like. But not all shareholders want to be identifiable and some may want to use a proxy. However, if a shareholder does want to vote they must not be able to double spen their vote. In my opinion this is the crux of the challenge - if we can solve this in an elegant way that makes it inefficient to exploit we can succeed.
So how do we achieve this? What mechanisms can we use?
To be honest, $100k is an incredible gesture but this I would prefer the community to come to some sort of consensus before developers rush out and start building something that will no doubt be designed and coded by one or two individuals. Let's 'dog food' the approach using the tools we already have available. In the interim we can use reddit to provide the forum (conveniently vote focused) to share the ideas and design the platform. The funds can then be used to reimburse the contributors.
The timeframe is also a double edged sword. Too long and it won't be finished before the Foundation can make their next move but if it is too short then we could end up with an ineffective platform. Again, if we reserve the funds to support this initial effort we can avoid a rushed solution and by using a public forum, to discuss our approach, we get incredibly early visibility to the community.
@_date: 2014-05-17 19:26:30
This is an incredible opportunity to solve one of the biggest challenges of not only the Bitcoin community but humanity in general. I'm not talking about voting, that's nothing new, we've been using that for generations to makes decision. What I'm talking about is the ability for an individual to verify their existance in a way that cannot be efficiently replicated. This is a challenge that has been around for decades and is the reason that we have passwords. The problem is that as we build smarter technology our existance is becoming easier to impersonate or circumvent. Even biometric identification is discovering its limitations and inefficiencies.
This may sound fanciful but I believe the thinking that has gone into crypto currencies could provide a solution, think - proof of existence. This would not only do away with passwords, captcha etc. but also identification in general.
In the context of this discussion, imagine generating a vote (think coin) for a ballot based on Proof of Existence. You can then cast (spend) that vote in a public ballot (think blockchain).
The key is to develop a Proof of Existence algorithm that can only be solved efficiently and with minimal interruption by an individual.
@_date: 2014-05-13 16:42:35
Are you looking for a solution that holds fiat until you are ready to purchase Bitcoin or would simply having a percentage of your income diverted into a Bitcoin wallet solve this problem? I understand that there is still money to be made in exchanging funds at appropriate times but in general we ignore this when making day to day purchase using fiat currently.
@_date: 2013-12-21 16:53:13
But doesn't the store need to wait for one or more confirmations which can take 10s of minutes?
@_date: 2013-12-22 00:46:22
That makes sense. So when you say - wait for the cashier to see the transaction - what does that entail?
@_date: 2013-12-25 18:37:53
There is something not quite right with this story but even if parts of it are true get a lawyer.
It's also worth remembering that no goods have actually changed hands, it's not like you are in possession of someone's antique jewelry, you converted cash to Bitcoins. If the thief still has the Bitcoins they can simply be converted back (with a profit no doubt) if that is a requirement.