@_author: redmosquito
@_date: 2015-01-05 23:59:02
Do you have any idea how insurance works?
Do you think your car insurance company is sitting on enough cash to pay out the full value of every vehicle they insure at a moments notice?  If they don't does that mean you're not *actually* insured?
The Deposit Insurance Fund is plenty of money to deal with 99% of bank failures.  We aren't talking about crisis situation here, we're talking about a situation where a lone financial institution either fucked up and lost a bunch of money or committed fraud.  This situation would be no problem for the FDIC to deal with.  It would be silly for the FDIC to keep enough money under management to deal with the absolute worst case scenario, because they aren't the only institution that stands between the banking system and insolvency.  In a situation like 2008 the Treasury and the Fed were there to ensure liquidity by providing loans, facilitating the sale of insolvent institutions to the larger banks, or even taking over those institutions themselves if need be.  You can call it a moral hazard, but you can't say it didn't work.
If we ever have a situation so bad that the Treasury or Fed can't handle it then I'd rather be invested in bullets and food than bitcoins.  
@_date: 2015-01-06 00:34:57
There is pretty much no basis in fact for everything you just said. 
Tarp turned about 15 billion in profit, and the GM bailout cost about 11 billion.  Considering the Jobs that were saved, I think it was a pretty good investment.  


Inflation has held pretty steady between 2-4 percent for like 30 years.  Have you guys been predicting hyperinflation for so long that you're just going to start pretending like it actually happened, facts be damned?  Inflation expectations are priced into investment returns.  It's fairly easy to achieve a return at or above inflation as long as you're putting your money anywhere other than your backyard.  The Fed's job is to maintain stable expectations for prices and interest rates and to that end a small predictable amount of inflation is preferable to risking deflation.


Well feel free to take a peek at how the economic recovery has gone in the Eurozone with their tighter monetary policy compared to more forceful action from the Fed and Bank of England.  All things considered, I think the Fed has done pretty damn well by the American people the past decade or so.
If you want to argue against these kinds of government interventions on principle that's fine, but when you try to claim they haven't worked your argument falls flat. 