@_author: redmathead
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:47:51
Oh right, I forgot, you didn't go to college so I have to eli5 for you. (I'm glad you can recognize your own severe limitations.)
Majors and degrees have overlaps. Psychology is a liberal arts degree. Sometimes psychologists have a lot of overlap in research with the medical field (neuropsychology, psychiatrists, research scientists). Philosophy is a liberal arts degree. It is useful in fields such as computer engineer, CS, and math. Linguistics is a liberal arts degree. It too has a lot of overlap with computer engineering and CS. 
Intelligence is not measured strictly in IQ. Intelligence has many modalities, and not all problems are solved with equations or the maths. Interpersonal intelligence is required for business/financial/politics. Certain types of intelligence are useful for certain scenarios. In any event, all these different types of intelligence are required because as a society we do not do everything on our own. 
Investing in bitcoin does not require a high intelligence. It takes a belief that cryptocurrencies will become integral one day, and the ability to mine or navigate exchanges to obtain bitcoins. You do not need to be an expert in blockchain technology to purchase bitcoins. 
Would you like to learn more?
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:04:46
Is that the only way you are able to perceive things? In "general" terms? Many subjects are more nuanced than just throwing big sweeping generalizations about certain groups and comparing them based on their stereotypes.
But I guess that'd entail trying to actually understand a subject instead of just feeding your own ignorance.
@_date: 2017-12-05 13:48:18
Oh man, this is all going to when I get a chance.
You guys do know there is overlap between the fields? I'm in the medical field and one of my undergraduate degrees was in French. Many of my friends who are in CS or computer engineering minored or double majored with linguistics, or philosophy. Also some of my closest undergrad friends I met in my French program were STEM majors that minored or double majored alongside it. (Now that I think of it, those guys were the least socially awkward STEM majors I know.)
All this thread is succeeding at is turning people away from Bitcoin, it's not succeeding in making you guys look smart. Stop trying to see the world in black and white, there's more overlap and commonalities between people.