@_author: redpills1
@_date: 2019-04-18 23:45:03
How it is "pure evil" to try and change the regime in Venezuela with sanctions?. It doesn't even matter if the regime should fall or not cause it is all about power struggle between the US and russia and they BOTH want to install regimes that give them more influence on the country with little regard to the well being of the actual people in the country. You should also remember that Venezuela suffer from economical brake down due to the  incompetent regime that russia support in order to preserve their influence, so why this is not "pure evil"?. 
The way you judge the "western ideology" is completely retarded and childish. You talk as if russia or other countries who are against the west are just donating their money to people in need and have no interests or ambitions to expand their influence and power.
@_date: 2019-04-21 03:17:00
Are you kidding me? Russia/The soviet union promoted pro-soviet regimes around the world from europe to South America and Asia. They also invaded those countries in order to defend their puppet regimes like in Afghanistan. There is a pretty long list of countries which the soviet union invaded: Afghanistan, Finland ,Poland together with Hitler and even to China in the Sino-Soviet border conflict, in 1969 the soviet union invaded china and annexed disputed areas which resulted in 7 months of military conflict and hundreds of casualties. In the more recent times Russia invaded Georgia and Ukraine and you should be aware of it cause they are both things that anyone can see in the news.
You are completely detached from reality and just imagine things while ignoring so many facts. How old are you?, you sound like a dumb little kid who know nothing and don't even try to learn anything.
@_date: 2019-04-19 11:39:31
You failed to understand the point in what I am telling you and you keep talking as if the west are the only ones who tried to change foreign regimes and expand their influence at all costs. The haters of the west(like russia/soviet union or Islamic regimes like Iran) are known for promoting "revolutions" in other countries in order to install regimes that serve as nothing but a tool for their own interests and just like the US they do it under pretense of helping the people. The only difference is that the haters of the US have really stupid excuses from communistic fantasies to Islamic fanaticism. 
And you talk about hypocrisy.. you completely refuse to see the whole picture and refuse to judge other countries like Russia in the same way you judge the US and "the west".
@_date: 2019-04-17 14:40:12
Enough with this anti-western conspiracy theories that ignores the rest of the world and their motives as if the US/"the west" is the only one in the world who try to gain more power and influence on other countries. 
People like you just imagine the US throwing dollars at random people on the streets of some Islamic country and turns them into jihadists but every one who actually think seriously about it realize very quickly that this plan can't really work on any reasonable scale or at all cause the jihadists can't do much with the dollars the US gave them and obviously can't worth the financial damage they caused themselves with the economical collapse of their country. Even without mentioning the conditions the jihadists suffer from their stupid guerilla warfare your conspiracy theory about "private contractors" is just ridiculous.   
Those jihadists in Syria are just like more "anti-western" jihadists like Iran which supports both the syrian dictatorship and Jihadistic terror organization which one of them is simply called "palestinian islamic JIHAD". 
Islam was always extremely Imperialistic and since the fall of the last Caliphate which represented the Islamic empire the Islamic imperialism became decentralized with many groups that seek to strengthen the Islamic control in modern countries by violence and non-violence means.
@_date: 2019-04-22 01:24:14
You should stop with your rambling, you write a lot but say so little with zero facts to support it. " advancing its military in response to threat from the west " Come on what is that silly excuse? even less believable than the US excuses for its intervention in other countries. You seem to forget that the US/the west aren't the only ones who seek to gain more power and influence in the world and Russia never stopped acting like a super power and other countries like China sees themselves as superpowers as well. After all your ramblings against the US/the west and their interventions around the world you just give a short and quick excuse for Russia/soviet union long list of invasions and interventions around the world.  
Stop pretending to care for anyone in asia(which by the way many of the countries their have very good relationship with the US) or in any other place in the world cause its quite obvious that you don't really have any problem with invasions or imperialism and that your world view is too simplistic for reality cause it is based on nothing but silly propaganda and general nonsense you may find in comments on sites like youtube.
@_date: 2019-04-23 11:18:30
You just keep with your rambling when your little fantasy world is contradicted by reality. The US have a good relationship with many Asian countries and you try to refute it with complete nonsense you made out of nowhere like ignoring the actual diplomatic relationships of the US with Asian countries by claiming that those countries "hate" the US and looking for excuses to ignore outright US allies like japan by claiming that they are "afraid of emerging market". 
I show you the facts about Russia/soviet union imperialism and invasions(including countries which Russia is stealing their lands right now) and you try to contradict it with rambling about France and Africa, I show you the facts about the the US good relationships with Asian countries and you just ignore the diplomatic relationships or entire countries using stupid excuses like the ones you made for Russia's invasions and imperialism. And you also talk about Venezuela and south America and how everybody there hate the US while most of the countries in South America are siding with the US over Venezuela. All your rambling is nothing but a desperate attempt to ignore reality and keep your fantasy world alive with you and Russia being the "Heroes" in some stupid fairy tail. Its time for you to grow up and realize that reality is not a fairy tail and you can't just ignore the facts when they doesn't fit in your stupid fairy tail about Russia and entire Asia being the Heroes in some epic fight against evil.
@_date: 2019-04-24 09:33:07
"they had no options until recently when China and Russia came up"? What actually happened "recently"? Russia/soviet union and China are rival powers to the US for a long time. Saudi arabia and the European countries you mentioned are known allies of the US and just in your previous comment European countries like France were part of the evil west and now you add them to the list of "haters of the US" when you struggle with your claims about how everyone hate the US. And what with that "life experience" nonsense? you just talk as if knowing some people who hate the US means anything.
All your comments are about avoiding all the facts that contradicts your silly fairy tail with random "facts"(some true and some are just nonsense) that doesn't support your point but gives you an excuse to ignore the facts that destroy your fairy tail like the US diplomatic superiority over Russia and China, good relationship with many Asian countries And the fact that Russia and China doesn't have a moral high ground in their power struggle against the US.
@_date: 2019-04-27 00:08:20
"fabricated and skewed"? like seriously? You are just in denial cause you don't want to let go of your silly fairy tail. "What I trust are actual things we see every day happening around us and people we talk to and their sentiment and innate dislike of the US government" So basically you ignore the facts and just blindly follow some people you saw in the comments of some youtube video.. As I said before you spent too much time with Russia-fanboys online and you lost touch with reality.
@_date: 2019-04-28 17:57:08
You claim that the news are "fake"? you already just gave a one stupid excuse for Russia's long list of invasions(including as the soviet union) and now you just claim everything to be "fake" cause some people you met on uber are hating the USA... Are you kidding me? don't you realize how ridiculous you are for basing all your stupid claims on some strangers you met on uber in some countries you claim to have visited?. 
You are talking in the name of an entire continent but you don't even live in the countries you claim to represent. 
If you spent your time with normal people(and not some Russia-fanboys online or imaginary friends from uber) you would've realize how stupid and childish your reasoning is.
@_date: 2019-04-26 12:29:21
Again you just keep rambling and claiming any random news article as "fact" that support your rambling. You provide "facts" that doesn't have anything to do with your insane rambling like news articles about some Asian countries strengthening its economic ties with china. And you take some article or a piece of information and used it as an excuse for wild speculations. 
For south-Korea you have zero facts to support your claim of south-Korea "turning to Russia-China" and the article mostly talk about the theoretical possibility of a more significant change in Russia-south Korea and nothing more than that. But you made it into "south-Korea is now siding with russia against the US with all the Asian countries!"..
India isn't "siding with Russia" and definitely not with china. it have extensive military and economic cooperation with the US and it recently has a major military agreement with the US  . India also have extensive military cooperation with other US allies like Israel and co-developed with them weapon systems like the barak-8. 
The US is the most important exporting partner of Thailand and its the fourth most important import partner of Thailand after china and US-allies like Japan and the European union. Thailand have also extensive military relations with the US and is a US ally.
And its funny you mention Myanmar and Turkey as part of your Asian united front while turkey accuses Myanmar of "genocide".
As I said before your long and meaningless ramblings with random stuff you call "facts" here and there are nothing but a pointless and desperate attempt to ignore reality and any fact that doesn't fit to your little fairy tail. I showed you the facts that Russia have no moral high ground on anyone and you had nothing to say other than a desperate and funny excuse. You also refuse to accept the obvious and known reality that the rivalry between the US and China and Russia is all about power struggle between dominant powers. Its funny that you talk about denial when all you do is to ignore any fact that doesn't fit in your fairy tail and also keep talking as if your claim about Russia being so innocent and better than the US morally didn't got completely debunked in this argument. 
" Nobody gives a rats ass about diplomatic relations because those are fake" again more denial of anything that doesn't fit in your fairy tail.. you clearly spent too much time rambling nonsense around Russia-fanboys(that doesn't care from the facts as long as its against the west) without anyone to bring you back to reality.
@_date: 2019-04-17 14:57:41
I see another "anti-western" troll that have no real opinion of his own and only supports what seems for him as  being against the west. Don't act as if you can even manage a serious discussion, the only thing you know is to repeat the same nonsense "anti western" propaganda you saw in some comment without actually thinking about what you are saying.
@_date: 2019-05-05 00:45:40
Stop repeating what I say. You don't even bother to listen to what I say and just imagine that I claim things which I never said or implied in any way.. 
I already proved my point and you can call everything "fake news" all you want.
@_date: 2019-05-03 12:58:49
You now try to claim that Ukraine shouldn't be Independent while claiming that Russia invasion is about "independence"... Your attempt to delegitimize Ukraine's right to be independent in order to justify Russia's imperialism is really a funny example for how you doesn't have any kind of real ideology and have no real problem with imperialism and invasions.
BTW the people in Ukraine chose another president who who is against Russia and just recently called for more sanctions on Russia:  .
Stop with your futile attempts to ignore the reality that Russia is imperialistic and have long and current history of invasions. You just looks even more ridiculous. 
You should also stop with your pointless comments.
@_date: 2019-05-02 17:31:23
You talk about denial while being in a complete denial about the fact that Russia is invading at least two countries right now: Ukrain and Georgia. As I said before you don't care about colonies or imperialism and you are willing to completely ignore any invasion done by your Idols from Russia/the soviet union (even if its against China) cause all you care about is your fairy tail. 
Sorry that reality doesn't fit your little fairy tail but you need to return to reality if you want anyone above the age of 13 to treat you seriously.
@_date: 2019-05-01 09:09:42
You are nothing but a tourist who met some guys on uber in some countries in Asia and decided that he now know what the general opinion in the entire continent. You don't even know what "colony" is but you still use this term as an excuse for ignoring the facts about Russia's invasions and general imperialism.
This argument is going no where cause you clearly have no real problem with imperialism or invasions and you are just fixated on the west/the US while completely ignoring anything else. You speak about the US imperialism while Russia is invading several countries and stealing their lands as you speak. You speak about some news reporters detained in France while Russia is considered as one of the worst places in the world in terms of media freedom for journalists. You speak about the west selling weapons to Saudi Arabia while Russia is doing that too [
and Saudi Arabia is definitely not the worse country Russia is selling weapons to.
All you care about is about the hatred for the US.
@_date: 2019-05-16 00:59:03
I don't want to use my phone for payments, only the PC.
@_date: 2019-05-02 08:23:21
"All I care about is the false propaganda spread by the US that every other nation is evil and that they are the only good countries that deserve to lord over others" this is the same attitude of you and also the Russian propaganda. Every empire/power claims that there influence are positive while other's influence is negative. 
Russia is invading countries and you just try to avoid this fact with jokes like "More like NATO invading Russia" and some nonsense about how we can't decide which place belongs to a country or not and how you "refuse to acknowledge what you recognize". And you are talking about "colonies" and "asia having its own sovereignty" right after that...
You didn't "mingled" with anyone, You just claiming to have a deep understanding of the public opinion of foreign countries from some guys you met as a complete foreigner. 
You also proved yourself to be someone who is oblivious to reality and spend too much time around Russia-fanboys and other weirdos who hate the US, So I wouldn't be surprised if you just talked online to another Russia-fanboy who happen to live in some Asian country and decided that everyone in his country are like him.
@_date: 2019-05-16 01:16:17
Its for android and I don't want to use phone for payments. I want to use the PC only. 
Is there a wallet for PC that also support the lightning network?