@_author: redridinghoodstits
@_date: 2018-11-30 08:23:04
Excellent of course.  However Bitcoin wasn't designed for this and all this regulation and wall St and banks getting involved will be a short term thing.  In a few years once adoption has taken over you will see people start to learn the difference and the ability of controlling everything themselves and not needing the banks etc and the people will quickly see that the government doesn't have to be part of their crypto finances and people will start learning how to take the control back.   
Regulation will be tollerance for adoption and then it will go back to why it was designed as Bitcoin was designed to free the everyday man from the control of the government and the rich.  All the other blockchains will stick around but Bitcoin has thousands of developers working on it for the original reasons.  True Bitcoin OGs don't want regulation.   Only those wanting to get rich want it and fair play to them.   Get yourself rich and enjoy your life but you'll quickly realise that you too don't want regulation the second the government puts you in jail for not paying taxes on every single trade you made since you first got in it.   Even if you profited once and lost everything before you cashed out of your final currency.   
Personally I'd never in my life withdraw funds to a bank account. You do it once and they can see everything you've ever done.  Only ever withdraw to pre paid debit cards using Satoshi living room service.  
@_date: 2018-11-30 09:46:38
There are many different reasons for the price correction.   It's not a crash , it's just gone back to the price before it was before massive FOMO kicked in and while it should of stopped at $7000 it went down further because weak hands exited.   Then bakkt and others tanked the price to accumulate by taking advantage of the fear.  
Your theory has nothing to do with prices going DOWN because what you present is not common knowledge or thought process.  
HOWEVER, what you have presented is superb information.  Excellent theory and awesome investigation skills.  I think everything you say is bang on and I can't believe I've been in this so many years and not considered this.   I 100% believe that this has stopped prices from going up, but I do not see it crashing prices I see it as just a different game that doesn't do anything for Bitcoin.  It just doesn't help it.   However physcial futures will help price.  
Sorry I don't agree with you but who cares anyway, I do however think what you have presented is the best information I've read in Reddit about crypto for a little while.  Top 10 posts in my books.  I say that because I just learned something that never even crossed my mind.  I just don't agree on it crashing the price.   It might now that you're making it common knowledge, it certinaly has the ability to with FEAR, BUT it can also be looked at as a side hustle, or a side bet, or a game played along side of the bitcoin status.   Either way, thanks for the two posts.   I think you might see this mentioned in one of the biggest paid subscription crypto magazines very soon as I shared it with a friend there thinking it's something he should also consider.   It makes so much sense. I just don't see it hurting possibilities of crypto like OTC market does when it seems 133,000 legit bitcoins and it doesn't touch the market price or even get logged as volume despite it coming from the same asset supply.   There should not be 2 markets or volumes for one asset. 