@_author: redwingblade
@_date: 2014-06-07 12:07:49
Don't mean to be a dick, but whilst this is very sad, it's also hilarious.
@_date: 2014-06-18 12:11:33
Okay, evidently I'm not the biggest bitcoin user. I agree about the fees, I might submit a fix for that on Cydia if the app isn't updated soon.
@_date: 2014-06-02 22:21:42
Holy shit. Good luck with getting your money back OP. I hope you will eventually, if you know for sure the recipient is Gox that's at least something to go on...
@_date: 2014-06-18 08:36:55
You can install the existing Blockchain app on iPhone with a jailbreak. You can install it without a jailbreak (with a cert for around $10 from sites like RegisterMyiOS). Might be able to install it if you downloaded it in the past without a jailbreak or cert from 'Old Purchases'. Otherwise you can wait for it to be released on the App Store again.
Tbh the old app works just fine for now.
@_date: 2013-11-28 15:01:39
First secure your wallet.. remove the bitcoin wallet (essentially, a file, usually titled wallet.dat) from any online computers, make sure you're removing the right one, with the funds, (or ones) if you have multiple wallets. back it up across a number of offline devices. Before doing so, encrypt it using the Bitcoin-QT client (again offline) and don't forget the password else you'll have no control over the Bitcoins and that file will essentially be worthless. For extra security, you can place the wallet.dat inside a separate encrypted Truecrypt container, which also needs a password. You can also backup the encrypted and/or Truecrypt contained wallet on a cloud service online I guess, nobody can actually remove any funds if you choose a strong password, i.e. choose a very strong password, else encryption is worthless. You can also use the Armory client to generate a paper (unencrypted) wallet.
Tbh, to be on the safe side, I'd assume your original wallets are not secure and just create a brand new wallet on a PC that's always going to be offline (or secure erased and reinstalled before you go online), then transfer your funds to an address, or addresses in the new wallet, then follow the steps above to back the new wallet up. To be extra safe, you could use the Armory client to broadcast an offline transaction to the new wallet described in this paragraph. Also, transfer a small amount the first time since you haven't used Bitcoin in a while and verify the transaction has been confirmed on Blockchain.info, don't want to send things to the wrong address or something...
If you then want to transfer funds to an exchange to get fiat, it's pretty straightforward to do by broadcasting offline transactions using the Armory client (full wallet on offline computer, and a hack-safe "watching-only" wallet on an online computer which broadcasts the transaction using a signed key you print out using your password on the offline computer). Also, two factor authentication + strong password for any exchanges you send Bitcoin to. Also, if you do decide to cash a lot of it out, don't hold a lot of BTC on the Exchange's hot wallet, can't trust wallets that you don't control.
Once your wallet is secure, get some professional advice and decide what to do. Congrats.