@_author: redzin
@_date: 2019-10-17 11:21:10
I haven't used an ATM (of any kind) on a regular basis for years. ATM prevelance doesn't strike me as a good indicator of success for a digital currency...
@_date: 2019-01-17 13:00:02
By people like you I mean people who believe that freedom of speech for everyone, everywhere, all the time is actually possible, and not some illusion employed to promote a far right political agenda. Why do you think Dave Rubin has basically never had any popular left-wing YouTubers on his channel? He is using freedom of speech as an excuse to promote far right talking points.
Try watching ContraPoints' [video on freedom of speech]( It addresses Dave Rubin directly. She also made a followup that shows how public speech always has a silencing effect on someone.
And about me getting silenced - I have been silenced my whole life by the conservative social norms that surrounded me. Being silenced is nothing new to me.
@_date: 2019-01-17 11:57:08
Here is [Dave Rubin spouting fascism directly and indirectly](
If you want a better understanding of "freedom of speech" in the public sphere I suggest watching ContraPoints' videos on free speech. [The first video]( addresses Dave Rubin (amongst others) directly, and [the second one]( shows how political speech always has a silencing effect on someone. The idea of complete freedom of speech for everyone, everywhere, all the time is an impossible illusion that people like Dave Rubin embrace because it conveniently provides a cover for why he repeatedly has fascists on his show. Why do you think he's never had any of the left-wing YouTubers on his show? Why do you think Laci Green wasn't invited on his show before she became a "classical liberal" (or whatever she calls herself these days)? His purpose in life is to provide a platform for conservative and borderline (or outright) fascist talking points while pretending that he's just defending freedom of speech.
@_date: 2019-01-17 09:11:59
It's funny how you point the finger back at the people speaking back to Rubin when Rubin is the one spouting fascism and intolerance (directly and indirectly). Why is Rubin's speech more worthy of being defended than the speech of his critics? No one has a right to a platform, and don't think we don't notice whose speech you choose to defend.
@_date: 2019-01-17 15:05:05
I don't understand what you think I am saying. Why would my position make the world less safe for atheists, or anyone else? I'm also an atheist.
Also, you seem to contradict yourself. You say that people with opposing views don't threaten you, and then you continue by saying that in many parts of the world being an atheist is unsafe - supposedly because of people with opposing viewpoints.
@_date: 2019-01-17 08:57:21
Why are people like you always so willing to defend freedom of speech when the speech in question promotes fascism, but you have absolutely nothing to say when racial, sexual or gender minorities are denied opportunities to speak? Don't think we don't notice whose speech it is you always defend and whose you don't.