@_author: reelbigfisk
@_date: 2015-06-02 15:34:56
Oh thank god, for a second I thought he was completely and totally fucked in the head. Thankfully he's just mostly fucked in the head. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 14:46:19
Holy shit you did not just compare Ross fucking Ulbricht to Anne Frank. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 00:01:10
He tried to have several people executed. The fact that none of them were doesn't change the fact that he payed out something like $380,000 to execute them. 
@_date: 2015-05-23 04:38:54
He literally wrote a journal of everything he did, if that's not a fair representation of the events from his perspective then what the fuck is?
@_date: 2015-05-19 00:14:40
There's a great two part article about the investigation and trial from wired where they go into detail about the fake murder Carl mark force carried out for him. Once they flipped one of his employees, a mormon grandfather, Ross tried to have him killed by force, they faked it and sent him photos, he payed $80,000 for it. Unless you think it's all fake, which if you do you're delusional, then it's time to stop with the "he never hurt anyone" schtick. 
@_date: 2015-05-19 02:34:15
No he wasn't, the first "murder" started off with him asking Force to injure him, later he came back to force and asked him to "execute" him. Execute is in quotations because that's a direct quote from the chat logs. The other "murders" we're most likely a scam perpetrated by the intended victims. Stop trying to paint him as some saint, for fucks sake if you people want more people to consider Bitcoin a legitimate thing, stop holding up criminals as your heroes. 
@_date: 2016-01-19 13:56:18


that enable Bitcoin and their power to transform ledgers as tools to record, 
enable and secure an enormous range of transactions. So the basic block 
chain approach can be modified to incorporate rules, smart contracts, digital 
signatures and an array of other new tools


technology with Bitcoin. Bitcoin is a type of cryptocurrency, so called because 
cryptography underpins the supply and tracking of the currency. Bitcoin 
creates suspicion amongst citizens and government policymakers because 
of its association with criminal transactions and ‘dark web’ trading sites, such 
as the now defunct Silk Road.


applications, ‘permissioned’ ledgers are likely to be more appealing than 
Bitcoin’s unpermissioned model, because they allow the owner, or owners, of the 
data to enforce rules on who is and is not allowed to use the system. Distributed 
ledgers have the added advantage of moving a lot of the complexity of managing 
security into the background, making systems easier and cheaper to use.


to theft — but the ledger itself has remained resilient, though in principle it would 
be vulnerable if over 50% of the computer processing power for the Bitcoin 
ledger fell into the hands of a single malevolent individual or organisation. 
Indeed, a great strength of distributed ledgers is that they should be highly 
resilient to attack.
Did you read it?
@_date: 2016-06-09 19:07:15
Someone should start a movement to repeal the 4th amendment, if it got big enough, maybe a discussion could take place and people could highlight how, in many cases, it no longer applies as it should.
@_date: 2015-07-01 20:47:47
Awesome! You guys are soooo gonna get rich off the misery of trafficked women and children. Break out the champagne! 
@_date: 2015-07-01 23:37:39
First off, MasterCard and visa made the choice to stop allowing their services to be used by backpage. Secondly, backpage is notorious for their site being used to traffic women and children. It's an open secret that they make millions off these transactions and it is not in dispute that it's an open market place for pimps and slavers to peddle their goods. They get away with it because of free speech. They're not the ones selling bodies, they're just selling ad space, and as long as the ads are for "escorts" and "personals" and they do their "best" to filter out ads for underage prostitutes they can remain in a legal grey area. 
And finally, this is why people have a problem with Bitcoin. For all your talk about how this is a revolutionary technology that will put the power back in the hands of people, what we really see is a bunch of opportunists happily celebrating human misery in the hopes that it'll raise the price of their coins. We saw it in Cyprus, we just saw it again in Greece and now we have people looking forward to bitcoins price going up because people might use it to pay for sex slaves. For fucks sake, someone looked at north fucking Korea as the possible next mega adoption drive for Bitcoin. 
Here's the funniest part, it won't help Bitcoin one bit, they'll just pay with the infinitely-more-anonymous cash.  
@_date: 2015-04-09 09:34:31
Such as?
@_date: 2015-04-13 22:54:34
I'm going to preface this by saying I read both Bitcoin and buttcoin and that I post in neither, this will be my second post here. As an outsider who reads both, who has no vested interest in Bitcoin succeeding or failing, this sub is by far more ridiculous than buttcoin. Buttcoin is entertaining because they highlight the absurdity that gets posted here daily. 
American Pegasus is either a masterful troll or a narcissistic sociopath, but his posts here are constantly up voted and discussed at length by your community. His latest thread is about trying to turn Bitcoin into a luxurious thing that only the cool and hip should have access to, so it appeals to more people, but that's absolutely ridiculous. Yet there are plenty of comments in that thread discussing the merits of his idea. 
No one is paying anyone to badmouth Bitcoin here, your community does a good enough job of driving people away by themselves without needing to pay people for it. You guys demodded and sent death threats to a guy because they made him a mod at buttcoin. That guy actually made your sub look better because he provided a level headed viewpoint that this place needs. But you kicked him out and sent death threats to him. 
From an outsiders perspective, it seems that anyone who disagrees with you or points out the flaws in Bitcoin is labeled a troll and a paid shill. The irony of this whole situation is that you guys have an actual paid shill as a mod, bashco works for changetip right?
If you want people to stop ridiculing you, gain a little perspective on things and stop giving them ammo to ridicule you with, or don't. Honestly it's funny reading about how crazy you guys get. 