@_author: reelhumanfish
@_date: 2018-06-19 04:58:51
I dunno did you read that email he sent today. But agreed, leadership with long term scientific vision is extremely important.
@_date: 2019-08-04 08:03:28
I'm sorry you got scammed but  this is built into our four dimensional spacetime existence and you can't blame Bitcoin. If you forget to be vigilant even ONCE while taking a step off the curb or getting out of the shower, you can easily slip, hit your head and die. In fact, this is somewhat inevitable. "Each year, more than one in four older adults aged 65 and older will fall. Among olderAmericans, falls are the number one cause of injuries and death from injury".
That's just life. The past is immutable. Humans are fallible and we only last so long. At least with self sovereignty you have a choice. If you want a guarantee for anything in life then you are simply moving the responsibility to another (fallible) human
@_date: 2019-02-18 07:30:08
Thanks for the write-up. I don't claim to know if inflation is good or even occasionally useful. Personally I agree with you - money should be scarce, as are real resources; but more importantly, if inflation is to occur, that is, an increase in the money supply, who gets it first and why? 
And further,  no matter the attempted a priori rationalizations from either side, I do believe in exploration and trying new things. At the very least, Bitcoin is a new approach. Let's try it. At worst, some antideflation arguments are born out, and Bitcoin fails. But at best, we lay the groundwork for a beautiful new society
@_date: 2019-06-15 16:19:58
I'm quite happy to find another redditor willing to state the 'radical' conclusions that I find inescapable,  no matter how unpopular they are!
It seems clear enough from first principles that if interest is to be charged on loans, then lenders will accumulate more of the money supply over time, creating a deflationary pressure on the currency, as you say. 
It's a cruel joke that while inflation can be helpful in combating this deflation (especially the catastrophic default Domino effect you point out), the new money is used directly to support businesses and systems that exist only as interest charging gatekeepers, this perpetuating the cycle.
Bitcoin is so fascinating because it's supply cap and decentralized authority mean no entity can inflate supply as a means to support interest payments. It is a harsher and more conservative economy.
Do you think loans are necessary for civilization? If so, is interest necessary to incentive them? If so, is inflation necessary in order to combat the deflationary effects of inflation?
@_date: 2019-02-21 04:01:34
@_date: 2019-02-20 15:44:32
Scarce as in the standard economic definition. Gold is scarce. Eggs are scarce.
I think when people say 'backed by nothing' or 'inherent value' what they mean is that someone else controls the creation at will. More eggs cannot be created at will - the laws of physics dictate how many can exist. The laws of Bitcoin dictate how many Bitcoin can exist. 
To really boil it down, it's all about having an immutable ruleset as a foundation for economic interaction. Using physical objects as money gets the benefit of physics as the ruleset. An abstract object - a digital dollar - exists within a ruleset agreed upon by the participants, the us government. Bitcoin is the same, but is inherently resistant to fraud because the ruleset has a Nash equilibrium. 
@_date: 2019-02-21 04:06:32
Sorry says expired. Can you extend the time available for an invoice?
@_date: 2019-06-23 19:53:22
Really insightful comments, thanks.
I do like your interpretation of altcoins as essentially speculative entrepreneurship. In a purely coin economy, success of an alt means drawing wealth away from Bitcoin, but this is still fundamentally different than inflation. While Bitcoin would 'lose value' relative to the overall economy, presumably the successful alt has provided real improvements to people's lives in some way, and overall economics still works. It's just in this new economy, entrepreneurs can found organizations where the supply is provably known and immutable/voluntarily controlled. So in a way global money is still 'inflating', but new money is minted and only survives if it's worthy. Wealth is only debased in exchange for real improvements to society, as judged by the free market.
I also agree with your central argument that force is the root of corruption. In some ways the most interesting effects of crypto haven't even begun to permeate society - stateless, permissionless, anonymous systems like the privacy coins. I can't see them becoming legal, but the question is, can they grow fast enough to become permanent?
As you say, money is really a credit system, and I've been thinking about wealth itself as a loan from society to an individual, mediated and enforced by the government (until recently). The wealthy have accumulated the right to direct a larger portion of society. And now, that society can finally be global and backed by choice rather than force.
I do sometimes worry about human nature and true global economic libertarianism. What if North Korea really does have half the supply? Is that a future we can accept in exchange for this level of freedom?
@_date: 2019-02-21 05:27:30
That's really great. I remember watching the very first nodes come online a year ago. Imagine where we could be a year from now with channel capacity increased. Imagine ten years from now. Imagine the planet 100 years from now...
@_date: 2019-04-06 02:33:55
Not too often I'll bother logging in, but gotta give moral support for excellent content.
Great stuff!
@_date: 2019-05-08 06:00:22
About double digit growth being impossible, i agree for real productivity.
But Fiat can grow exponentially forever, at any rate the money printers decide. Alan Greenspan even realized it was theft the day after settling on 2% and freaked out, convinced it had to be kept secret. I was pretty floored. 
My point is that Bitcoin can indeed grow at double digit percentages forever, relative to high inflation currencies