@_author: reformed_narcissist
@_date: 2018-01-12 05:14:14


So once the account number is agreed to have the coins, that number is associated with the coins?  
Okay, but I still need to know, how does that account number know it is associated with the password?  What parameters makes it possible without the internet?
@_date: 2018-01-12 05:24:02


Ahhh, that answers another burning question I had: What is needed to accept bitcoins and why.  
Nevertheless, I must persist in asking my essential question though I may refine it.  How and why are the private key and valid address connected?  You can create a random address that is never accessible.  But what makes a key pair created online connected?  They key pair is a private key and valid address.  And they are connected.  But why?  How?  
@_date: 2018-01-12 05:29:11
I think I understand now.  
That private key and account number are connected because of assymptric cryptography.  
The asymmetric cryptography is basically an extremely complicated function that takes account number x and makes private number y through an ultra-convoluted mechanism.  But it is nevertheless enough for private number y to access y no matter where or how it is formed.  I think.  
@_date: 2018-01-12 05:29:18
I think I understand now.  
That private key and account number are connected because of assymptric cryptography.  
The asymmetric cryptography is basically an extremely complicated function that takes account number x and makes private number y through an ultra-convoluted mechanism.  But it is nevertheless enough for private number y to access y no matter where or how it is formed.  I think.  
@_date: 2018-01-12 05:11:21
Now, that's the rub.  Please correct my ignorant viewpoint.  
That key pair was created in a vacuum, in the case of an offline wallet.    The internet had no idea that these two are connected.  And if a user is paranoid enough, he would erase any history of that creation from the computer it is created.  
So the only link the key pair has is the other pair.  How does this work?  What are the design parameters?  What makes it so that these two can be connected enough even when they are created without the internet?  


I do not understand this process.  I believe that the internet would need to intercede to validate the connection.  Please help me understand.  