@_author: regularly-lies
@_date: 2015-04-10 12:55:47
You're right in that you can't do the most brazen forms of gaming of making big but completely trivial changes, but there are plenty of other approaches.
One more thing, according to the Bitcoin [README.md]( "Testing and code review is the bottleneck for development": does Mobbr incentivize this at all?
@_date: 2015-04-17 17:15:47
I can't see it happening. Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies replace trust with algorithms. This works well for computers, but humans occasionally make mistakes, so it's nice to use a monetary system where it isn't possible to accidentally delete your life savings.
If Bitcoin was to be widely used, the vast majority of people would start using Bitcoin banks, and they would become just as regulated as the normal banks that already exist. Payment systems (which could even support really useful things that consumers like, such as chargebacks) would be built to make transactions more user friendly. In the end, you'd end up with a system surprisingly similar to what already exists, doing your banking at BitChase and using a BitVisa credit card.
Bitcoin doesn't solve many problems beyond the distributed decentralised consensus. Its practical usage is because it's fundamentally digital (so it can be used over the internet without any external authorities) and unregulated. There aren't many licit things where making use of external banking authorities to do online transactions is fundamentally undesirable. The industry might move slowly, but it does move, and there are plenty of companies out there that are trying to make moving money around easier and cheaper.
@_date: 2015-04-13 05:09:06
Buttcoiner here.
I've only posted a couple of times in this sub, but I agree with you. I don't like the [inane trolling]( aspect of but that's what happens when you get a wide variety of people of differing ages and intellects together. It's just like this sub has reasonable people, but also a fair few people who refuse to see any issues with Bitcoin or think that it is going to take down world governments or think that there's some sort of giant conspiracy against it.
As for why we do this: I'd probably be doing this even if my bank wasn't paying me. I genuinely "don't believe in" Bitcoin, so I find a lot of the euphoria surrounding it quite wrongheaded. Participating in is a form of entertainment.
@_date: 2015-04-10 12:40:32
As was discussed in the previous post, automatically determining how much each person contributes to a code base is very challenging, and every way that I know can easily be gamed. It's generally like trying to measure how much each person contributes to building a house based on how many kilograms of material the person added.
Also, it sounds more like you're organizing the funding, rather than doing the funding yourself.