@_author: reign_wilson
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:29:19
So the advantage is in the potential appreciation in value?  It doesn’t seem like there is any benefits of it as a currency, rather benefits as an investment.  
   
If that’s the case, what’s the investment in? 
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:14:05
If I convert all my liquid assets into Apple stock, it doesn’t suddenly make Apple stock a viable currency.  It would be an expensive, tedious, risky way to purchase goods and services.  The exact opposite of what I imagine an ideal currency to look like.   
   
Listen, you clearly have a decent amount of your assets in bitcoin.  Why?  What’s the advantage to it?  You must have an answer, right?  
@_date: 2018-01-22 23:59:29
What makes you believe it’s decentralized?   
   
If I understand you correctly, you are investing in the hope that one day Bitcoin will be comparable to other more conventional currencies?  When/if it does reach the point when volatility, cost and efficiency concerns are dealt with, what would be the advantage of using it?  Best case scenario.  What’s the advantage?
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:44:41
Saying it is not tedious does not make it so.   
   
I keep giving real world examples and situations, you have yet to actually refute any of it.  
   
You say that one benefit is that it “avoids” inflation.  I explained how it doesn’t.  What is another benefit?
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:38:28


    
You don’t live off bitcoin.  You live off the Canadian dollar.  You have services that will sell the bitcoin for you, but very few of your transactions are actually being conducted in bitcoin.  Why do you live off bitcoin?  Who knows.  It’s certainly not easier.  It’s not cheaper.  It’s not safer.  It seems like you just like making things difficult for yourself.   
   


   
Many people do not like reporting their purchases to the federal government when they don’t need to.  Some don’t mind.  Others do.    
    
    
Edit to add: I think this is an important question (that I’ve now asked a few times).  What’s the benefit of bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:52:34
I never said it is unusable, I said it isn’t viable.  I can use literally anything as currency so long as people accept it, but it doesn’t make it “viable.”   
    
Every time you use bitcoin, it’s a tax event.  Every hotel room, sandwich, coffee, etc you purchase with bitcoin is legally required to be disclosed to the IRS.  You may not disclose it (which is your choice), but it makes your activity illegal.    
   
Volatility may be a benefit to a casual investor who has a large risk appetite, but for the 99% of businesses and individuals who want their currency to be dependable, it is a nonstarter.  My company employees individuals in Moscow, we recently switched their pay to USD over Rubles since they could no longer afford getting paid in a volatile currency.  In addition, we refuse currency other than USD, GBP and EUR for the same reason.  You cannot enter into a contract in a volatile currency, there is too much risk.   
    
A viable currency isn’t just something you can exchange for goods and services.  A viable currency needs to have a degree of dependability and ease.  Bitcoin doesn’t have that.  
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:17:31
The fees, tax regulations and volatility prevent it from being a viable currency.  If it is not considered a currency, then you need to look at it as an investment.  An investment in what?  In a “future currency?”  Maybe.  But the aforementioned problems won’t get fixed anytime soon (maybe not ever).  So an investment in what?  
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:13:04
Bitcoin doesn’t avoid inflation nor are the tax requirements comparable to USD in the slightest.  If I buy coffee with cash, I don’t have a legal requirement to disclose that purchase to the IRS.   
   
Using bitcoin may be a viable option for some (the same way as using Pokemon cards may be a viable currency at a Pokemon convention), but the vast majority of people would never use it.   
   
Whatever your definition of viable is, bitcoin doesn’t meet it.  
@_date: 2018-01-22 22:50:34
If I sell my stock in Apple to purchase a car, I’m not using my Apple stock as a currency.  I’m exchanging my stock for USD and then using USD to buy the car.  It matters because bitcoin is relying on a currency (CAD in your case) to act as a currency.  It means all the risks associated with CAD aren’t mitigated, while you absorb the additional risks of bitcoin (all while paying a fee to do so).  It’s nonsensical.   
   
  
Again, what is an advantage of bitcoin?  Seriously.  If I appear salty it’s out of frustration that I am having a relatively civil argument without an answer to a very basic question.  
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:38:39
Your only criteria of a “viable currency” is that its accepted and used?  It’s an overly simplistic definition, but fine.  If I can’t pay rent with Bitcoin, does that mean it is not a viable currency?  Hell, I can’t pay rent in Canadian Dollars, but I’d still consider it viable.  Your definition is flawed.   
    
In addition, you have no addresses the basic hurdles in using bitcoin.  It’s tedious and offer expensive.  A $5 beer might have a $30 transaction fee, then you’ll need to disclose the $5 transaction to the Federal government and separately record the $30 fee.  How is that practical?  It’s not “arbitrary” to argue that a viable currency shouldn’t have these basic issues.  Right?    
   
So long as bitcoin gets traded and invested by the public and/or is primarily held by small group of individuals, it is subject to inflation.  Bitcoin is not currently operating as a currency.  People aren’t spending to the same degree people spend cash - there’s no substantial circulation of bitcoins through a decentralized banking system.  The price would plummet if 20% of the world’s bitcoin entered the market today from a single individual.  That’s inflation.  
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:54:56
There is more to “viable” than one Canadian claiming he can pay rent in Bitcoin.  Most people cannot.  Bitcoin is not acceptable currency for 99% of transactions.  
   
Additionally, every time you use it you need to report it!  You keep sidestepping that issue.  Bitcoin is the most public and pervasive “currency” ever conceived.  There is no such thing as privacy when using it.  