@_author: relax-you-have-time
@_date: 2017-10-23 09:20:56
I must be reading what you've referenced wrong because section 8 is titled "Simplified Payment Verification" and starts with the sentence "It is possible to verify payments without running a full network node". It describes a client that downloads the block headers for the longest chain proof of work but isn't able to check transactions for itself and is relying on a majority of honest full network nodes. Such a client checks for a transaction's place in the chain (relying on full nodes placing transactions after it), but "can be fooled by an attacker's fabricated transactions for as long as the attacker can continue to overpower the network". Satoshi finishes the section by stating "Businesses that receive frequent payments will probably still want to run their own nodes for more  independent security and quicker verification" - which leaves me thinking that a client that implements the "Simplified Payment Verification" is not a node.
Section 11 is titled "Calculations" and paragraph 1 talks about honest nodes and attacker nodes essentially battling it out. The sections that follow make it clear these nodes find blocks and put transactions in these blocks, as the probability equation has variables "p  = probability  an  honest  node  finds  the  next  block" and "q  = probability  the  attacker  finds  the  next  block".
Let me know if I've missed anything as I'm genuinely interested in arriving at the true intent of the network and the role of nodes - downvotes won't discourage me.
@_date: 2017-10-23 11:26:11
Ok so you're running a client that implements "Simplified Payment Verification" if you're doing what the op has suggested, correct? That doesn't seem to be referred to by Satoshi as a "node" - which is why I was suggesting the term appears to have been redefined by others later on. 
If you run this client, how can you secure the network when you can't fully verify anything for yourself and need to rely on trusted network nodes to build the blockchain with verified transactions? I guess I see the client as observing the process rather than actively participating in it and I can't see how it actually makes a difference to the network? Appreciate the dialogue so far.
@_date: 2017-10-22 20:37:58
I recently read Satoshi's white paper and it clarifies a few things about the intent of the bitcoin network and the role of a node. It seems that either people have not read the paper or there's now a deliberate attempt to redefine what a node is. The following is taken from section 5 titled "Network":
The  steps  to  run  the  network  are  as  follows: 
1) New transactions  are  broadcast  to  all  nodes. 
2) Each  node  collects  new  transactions  into  a  block.   
3) Each  node  works  on  finding  a  difficult  proof-of-work  for  its  block. 
4) When a node finds  a  proof-of-work,  it  broadcasts  the  block  to  all  nodes. 
5) Nodes  accept  the  block  only  if  all  transactions  in  it  are  valid  and  not  already  spent. 
6) Nodes  express  their  acceptance  of  the  block  by  working  on  creating  the  next  block  in  the chain,  using  the  hash  of  the  accepted  block  as  the  previous  hash.