@_author: relison
@_date: 2015-12-22 13:45:11


There is one built in the design. Satoshi said there will be either "no transactions or a lot of transactions". A lot of transactions paying pennies provides very nicely for super high security. 
@_date: 2015-12-22 12:58:05
You may find this explanation to be quite reasonable: 
As there is no consensus on the direction of bitcoin, then it is far more rational, principled and logical for everyone to actively choose their path rather than force everyone else to go along due to inertia. 
There is nothing special about bitcoin core  and any freedom loving decentralist should support the idea of making due with perceived authority. Otherwise the situation can become extremely dangerous with complacency which risks backdoors and other security concerns. 
The two sides need to stop fighting and need to get back to the ideals that got us all together. Decentralisation - that includes of development - co-operation, unscrupulous review (especially of security critical concerns such as libsec256 and Segregated Witnesses) and a respect for freedom of choice and the freedom of the market. 
That requires a level playing field and appreciation of the huge contributions by both Gavin and Greg and mutual respect for both sides who should cooperate where they have common ground (and there is a lot of that) and leave the rest to the free people to decide with their enormous common sense. 
Otherwise, we might as well just close shop because one guy decides what happens through social engineering by exploiting inertia making this whole proof of work pointless. 
@_date: 2016-01-01 14:09:27
It is slightly more complicated than that in my view. Certainly the economic majority (business nodes), as a proxy for the users, rules, but they can not rule without miners (the mining nodes). So if there is a 100% split on both sides than the economic majority's only option is the nuclear option. 
Obviously neither mining nodes nor the business nodes would want to exercise the nuclear option. It would be an extreme and last resort choice. That means that in effect mining nodes rule by their proof of work, that is extending the longest chain. If the business nodes disagree with the longest chain, but all miners continue with the longest chain... then again the economic majority's only option is the nuclear option.
Same thing if the economic majority wishes to stay on the 49% chain. The 51% percent can attack it so the economic majority would be left with only changing pow.
As such Satoshi had it fully right in my view. Decisions are made by  miners through their proof of work. The economic majority can over-rule them, but as a last resort.
The beauty of it however is that both business nodes and mining nodes are very interested in increasing the value of their holdings and they both benefit by co-operating and settling their dispute rather than testing who actually holds ultimate say (although common sense says we the users do as we can just leave and a bitcoin with no users is useless).    
We can see these dynamics playing right now. The economic majority was in favour of a certain proposal, the miners rejected it, and are now making a counter-offer as per BTCC. The miners know that they have to give to the economic majority what it wants, but it is also mindful of it's own interest which the economic majority does not want to harm. Therefore they necessarily will compromise perhaps by adopting some hip new client that is making the rounds.
As for everyone else they have as good as no say. The developers especially have no power whatever, except for perhaps social engineering. The non-mining, non-business nodes, may benefit the individual who runs it, but they have no say whatever and no effect at all on the network as a whole. They an aberration really and as there is no incentive for a non-mining non-business node they will necessarily disappear.  
So satoshi was right, including his projection that there will be datacentres. Some think that's centralised, but this whole thing is pretty centralised already. The only way it can be more more decentralised is by giving the economic majority what it needs as otherwise it will die off and with it the miners too, and the miners know this, that is why hip new clients are coming. 
So really, I do not know why anyone cares about non-mining/non-business nodes or their costs. They have no effect on the network so if they drop off it matters not. 
@_date: 2016-01-02 11:06:51




Why thank you. I was expecting more an explanation as to why anyone should care about non-mining/non-business nodes but the individual who is running them. They obviously enforce no rules, except for whatever rule they want to follow themselves. Moreover, even if all nodes, except for non-mining, non-business nodes, agreed on something (which is highly improbable as the businesses are proxy for users/non-mining-non-business nodes) they would have no effect and would just be forked off. Not hard to sybil nodes really.
They give security/privacy to the individual running it, but if they value security/privacy so much then they should pay the market price for it. We shouldn't cripple the whole network to give a high level of security/privacy to some 4,0000 non-mining-non-business individuals or probably even less. 