@_author: relictus_semper
@_date: 2014-11-17 23:56:28
I believe those would count in america anyway. I don't know about how the laws work in the UK on a more macro scale. But in the US at least, you really only need to show that you've used due diligence and reasonable best practices. You can easily make the same arguments for other forms of ID used in fiat transactions.
Billing addresses can "faked" without an inordinate level of difficulty.
Location of Bank seems pretty solid, but there is probably some way around it.
SIM codes, easy enough.
Too bad the telephony system is all digital now, the old phreaks have to retire quietly to make way for these new fangled darkwebs. not sure what you could about this one either.
but my point is you can fake at least two of these without too high of hurdles, so if the state wishes to bring a case against a company(again, in the USA anyways) the burden of proof is on the prosecution to show incompetence or willful negligence.
@_date: 2014-11-10 17:55:35
It's a bumpy road ahead like with anything new and emerging. It's also exciting and the visionaries and dreamers make it a reality. goldstars ahead, for those not afraid to fly.
@_date: 2014-11-19 22:38:44
No but coops and producer associations advertise. Even though some of these companies are in competition with each other, economics is not usually a zero sum game. When milk coops pooled their resources to make a largely successful "Got Milk" campaign, it wasn't paid for by any one dairy farmer, or cheese factory. It promoted the consumption of milk in general and all saw benefits from that, even producers that did not fund the campaign.  
This could be especially important for a "commodity" like bitcoin, that is largely unknown to the population at large, or even feared and maligned by many that are tangentially aware of its existence.
that being said, SuperBowl ads are immensely expensive, I know bitpay and coinbase do good business, but this would be a very significant chunk of advertising expenditure. . .and you'd have to convince the NFL that bitcoin is legit and that it's fine to host a commercial for it(Have you ever tried to explain bitcoin to someone you know that has only heard of it in connection with the SR takedowns?)
@_date: 2014-11-23 15:02:16
The advantage for the "average joe" is also the biggest hinderance for acceptance. There is in every facet of life a trade-off between convenience and privacy. Currently most "avergae joe's" lean toward convenience as they have trust in the central authorities, gatekeepers, etc to their privacy. This trust is slowly eroding as more massive customer information databases are hacked day by day, they start to learn about project PRISM and such. But these still only effect a relatively small number of people in small'ish ways. The benefit from this trust and centralization is large. With the fiat system if something goes wrong(your fault or theirs) there is someone you can point to and say "it was your job, now fix it."  
In bitcoin you have the option to take full responsibility for your funds. It allows for a greater degree of privacy than can be accomplished in the fiat system but with a price. When you lose your money and no one else was involved, you are forced to accept "I messed up and now my money is gone and there is no one to make it right, because i took that responsibility on myself."  
Now as time goes on the "price" of doing business in the fiat system(lack of privacy) may become higher, and the "price" of using bitcoin(inconvenience, learning new things) may become lower. This would favor further adoption. Additionally we are already seeing the beginnings of centralized analogues to banks and such developing in the bitcoin ecosystem. This reduces the barrier to entry, making it more like the fiat system, while retaining the option(for those who wish to make the trade) for increased privacy and personal security.
@_date: 2014-12-02 03:35:39
Got there first. I think "native advertising" is something we have to learn to live with, but it still always seems slimy to me. But that aside, need to go see who's involved. TOR already gets my amazonsmile money so maybe EFF?
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:42:01
BFL hasn't won anything. the lawsuit is still going forward and BFL now has to write report cards to the court every month. The judge has decided that there is insufficient evidence to meet the extremely high bar of a preliminary injunction. This means that BFL has not been found guilty in effect before a trial.  
The bar for that course is extremely high for good reason, it is essentially an end run around the normal judicial process to be used in cases of urgency and an extremely strong body of evidence.
@_date: 2014-11-12 15:37:44
I questioned posting this because you're right it is finance news. But I consider the decentralization of the bitcoin network to be one of its strongest points, so I thought this illustrated that strength well.
Good looking out though, goldstar I can accept if it gets removed, it is after all a grey area.
[edit]:posting from your phone always ends in grammar trouble.
@_date: 2014-11-10 17:52:42
Just made a donation to the OpenBazaar team, helluva job left, but damn fine work so far.
@_date: 2014-11-17 23:46:17
The production value is really high, and obviously snapchat has alot of money to throw around. . .so why did they make such a terrible commercial? hipster-ironically-bad joke advertisement?
@_date: 2014-11-10 03:35:20
goldstar for those who stand against tyranny in all its forms
@_date: 2014-12-14 17:34:51
I don't believe that would be the case. Undercover agents can legally buy drugs from dealers, they can even solicit the transaction(no that's not entrapment, and cops don't have to tell you they are cops. Entrapment is more . . .complicated than movies make it out to be). Likewise I don't think passing along the information would make them complicit in a crime. Otherwise Gov't TOR node would make the transactions passing by legal. . .or banks would be complicit in money laundering that happened to go through their checking account.  
I may have misunderstood your comment, I apologize if I did. But I'm pretty sure a government run node would not effect the legality of any transaction it broadcasts, positively or negatively.
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:42:00
nice, where'd they pick those up?
@_date: 2015-02-07 01:31:20
Funny you mention it, I just bought a bottle of bay rum(aftershave) on overstock.com for myself with BTC :)