@_author: remarkless
@_date: 2013-05-13 17:08:08
Thank you, missed that. 
@_date: 2013-04-24 01:00:09
I keep wishing I'd wake up one morning and a large chunk of bitcoins are sitting there in my wallet and suddenly I went from an almost empty wallet that I had for fun to 50 BTC that can help me pay bills.
Would be fun, sadly the system hasn't made that glitch yet.
@_date: 2013-06-04 00:43:31
One could only hope... 
@_date: 2013-04-19 06:36:33
And ultimately I return to my main point. The past few weeks are a true point of learning for bitcoin, online currency and crypto currency in a whole. There will certainly be much progress made in the next weeks, months, and years. And no matter what new evolution or convolution of online/crypto currency pops up, or if bitcoin as it is now remains strong and steadfast, they'll take the lessons we've been learning in the past month. 
@_date: 2013-06-08 04:31:27
Sorry, but your choice of naming is idiotic. Why directly correlate your company with connotations of drugs dealers and derelicts? 
Additionally: 
What cellular service are you piggybacking off? 
How do you plan on staying in business? 
Do you plan on being transparent in your business activities (i.e. How do we know you're not keeping the records, or have been forced to by the gov't and are saving face)? 
How do you plan on reacting when the gov't comes a-knocking? 
How do you *actually* plan on reacting when the gov't comes a-knocking... 
@_date: 2013-05-13 16:57:51
So... what address is attached to the private key? Any idea? 
I think I'm a little confused (and I'm relatively new to BTC, followed for a while not been too invested). I'm not following the terminology of what a private key actually means, and I havent been able to find a really concrete answer. 
@_date: 2013-06-06 00:31:19
If I might ask, whats your profit margin on something like this? $10k a week is all fine and dandy, unless you're spending $11k a week on materials.
However, thats awesome that you've taken from a hobby to a business. 
As a side note: would it ever be possible to create a rig, meant to be sold, that siphons off a small portion of each mining profit to a personal address? Think Office Space with bitcoins...
@_date: 2013-04-19 05:53:48
In all honesty, your last point is what I really meant to get out, though was poorly worded. I think markets weren't developed enough for the onslaught of orders, transactions and level of wear and tare. I'm no expert in either field, crypto currency or market hosting, but I think the vulnerabilities and mistakes have created a difficult point for the true legitimacy of bitcoin as a full fledged currency. The market spread still remains near $20USD at times and fluctuates at a rapid pace, still. I hope for the legitimacy and growth of bitcoin as more stores and online outlets accept bitcoin as a currency, but the volatile market and 'lack of true accountability' will remain a hurdle to the true acceptance of the *bitcoin market*, not bitcoin as a crypto currency but rather something that extends past a volatile investment market to play with and 'nerd gold'. 
Again, these are just my thoughts and observations. I'm not an expert economist, cryptothusiast or investment manager. I hope to have bitcoin expand and take a mainstream hold, rather than just a fluff or sensationalist story. 
Also, please excuse me if my post doesn't make sense, I'm in the middle of a big project and on my phone. 
@_date: 2013-04-22 19:42:19
Wouldn't they benefit in spreading DDOS's out? Doing it once a day/week just creates a feeling of normalcy with it. People just start to pass it off. 
Now if they were quiet for another month or so, then hit with another big one, that, in my opinion, would offer more effective market freak-outs. 
That being said, DDOS'ers, how about you not take my advice, instead just stop doing it. 
Also, side thought, anyone have any indication if there is any correlation between the DDOSers and the major wordpress ddos/bruteforce a few weeks ago? 
@_date: 2013-04-18 21:01:49
So.. I'm ready for the downvotes... but..
Maybe this is a time for internet currency to learn from. Maybe infrastructure isn't quite ready for a full on internet currency like this at this capacity. The infrastructure, seemingly, at this point, can't handle Bitcoins having value and attracting investors, trade-bots, and hackers/ddos-ers. 
While I love to think the Bitcoin has the potential to succeed. It needs to show that there are comprehensive, trustworthy and effective tools available, widespread, to make bitcoin a truly effective and rooted internet currency. 
And if it doesn't work. The next currency, or evolutions of bitcoin, will study and learn from the shortfalls of bitcoin. 
