@_author: remotearm
@_date: 2018-09-16 18:15:34
Exactly, nothing ever comes out stable. And you can see that in how virgin markets behave as well. They actually are quite good at obeying levels of support and resistance, but they're very fast and volatile. Not really something you can tie an asset to. 
Stablecoins aren't good because of how much control they need to have in order to make it work. They're nice ways to swap money quickly, but there's too much room for error if the controlling group isn't trustworthy. If it can be a clean vehicle for transfer of money, then it will work just fine.
@_date: 2018-09-07 05:58:51
Yeah they're probably busy liquidating their tech stocks from the past week when they pumped the nasdaq up faster than it's gone since the tech bubble. They're shifting from one major pump to the next. 
They can't be ignoring BTC, it's just not possible. It's an elephant in the room and no one will be ignoring it in a few years. They want to get in at a more convenient level, which means that we should too.
And this whole "fake news" thing is turning into the new witch hunt. Just because something doesn't agree with your world view doesn't mean that it should be labelled as "fake"
@_date: 2018-09-06 05:11:14
It's so hard to call peaks or dips. I've been getting myself into trouble trading by trying to do it for years. It's almost human nature to think that you can predict the next move or that the reversal is just around the corner. But that's mostly just our confirmation bias trying to show us only information that supports our hunch. Or just a fear of risk that we don't recognize, trying to protect our investments. You can learn a lot about yourself just by the decisions you make trading.
@_date: 2018-09-14 20:23:08
That sounds curious... I don't know how they'd be able to do that securely. They'll hold onto your keys for you? And how much can you trust them for that? I mean come on, if Equifax can get hacked, I'm sure these jokers aren't that hard to get.
But it is nice for the common consumer. It's like walking into the supermarket and picking up a bitcoin giftcard, except in the digital form. That will help establish a bit more confidence, and you'll see some mums buying their sons bitcoin for their birthdays.
@_date: 2018-09-03 06:42:26
Why not? They've got enough power to make waves in the markets with well established currencies already. They set terms of bailout for countries whose leaders were probably bribed into deliberately instituting policies of hyperinflation in the first place so corporations like Unilever and Coca Cola could come in and buy up factories for pennies on the dollar. Who's to say that they won't want to have their fingers in the reserve currency as well? They're might even be supporting Chinese hegemony and civil unrest in the US as well so that they can get a better grip on things when the change comes around. Because everyone knows a change needs to come, it's just a matter of how.
@_date: 2018-09-04 04:49:00
Yes, I'm certainly with you on that one. They've got the overarching influence that makes them think they can dictate events such as these, but that doesn't mean they'll ever have full control of it. For the exact reason that people are sick of being exploited for capitalist gains like animals.
They know they can't stop crypto, and that's why they're probably trying to find a solution of their own. They'll have some kind of "safecoin" that they will propose against the unregulated wild west of crypto hacks and wallet losses. Some people might actually believe them too...
@_date: 2018-09-09 19:33:47
Maybe he's sending them out to the Iranian market for an extra 50% or so... that's what I'd be doing if I had an abundance of Bitcoin going through my hands! 
They're paying through the teeth out there because of the crisis. Shame that the capital controls make it so hard to protect your wealth. Not much they can do unfortunately. But the government is supposed to be planning their own crypto as well apparently...
@_date: 2018-09-01 07:36:51
I'm not so sure that organizations like the IMF will want Bitcoin to be a reserve currency because it basically puts monetary levers beyond their reach. They want to have a global currency that is easily controllable. They've been trying to do this with the Single Drawing Rights basket, which is basically a currency of their own combined from most major currencies (GBP, USD, CHF, CNR, etc.). The catch here is each currency's value against the other is arbitrarily determined by the IMF themselves. This is their first attempt at a one world, centralized currency.
The second attempt will be in the form of crypto, although probably not Bitcoin. It'll be their own kind of crypto most likely, centralized and easily controlled. 
@_date: 2018-09-05 05:11:07
It's a good habit to check prices regularly as long as it doesn't drive you mad. I can check prices first thing in the morning and before I go to bed without worrying too much about it, even if it's low. But sometimes people get desperate and check always. I've only done that if I entered a trade that was too big for my comfort. 
That's why it's important to manage your risk. Don't put in more than you can handle and it won't make you feel uncomfortable. Dealing with money and trading can become addictive.
@_date: 2018-09-08 18:49:54
At 5 euros a beer! Yeah that's certainly overvalued. 
I wouldn't be claiming Bitcoin transactions in Italy. They'd probably never find it anyway. 
It's great to see some retailers incentivizing Bitcoin purchases. That will encourage more people to start using it for things like this. I wonder what a transaction fee works out to relative to that discount (and what credit card cartels charge)
@_date: 2018-09-15 15:57:33
Common consumer as in entry level crypto investor. Someone who has no idea but would like to get started somewhere. They shouldn't stay with this product, by all means. 
Even I would buy it if the commission is low enough. Then you just transfer it out to a more secure wallet immediately afterwards. It doesn't matter what they do with it, it matters what you choose to do with it afterwards. That's why the common consumer needs to be educated on these kinds of products just as clients need to be educated on fraud prevention at banks.
@_date: 2018-09-13 15:46:05
Paypal with Bitcoin support will look like 5-10% fees, I can guarantee it. They'll milk it as much as possible. But their buyer protection service is certainly a good feature. 
How hard could it be to set up a market like eBay with escrow like localbitcoins? I'm surprised that someone hasn't done it already. It's really a huge market, you could roll it out in countries all over the world. Of course, you'd still have to accept fiat or no one would really use it. Just give the option for BTC as well, with protection built into the platform. 