@_author: remppa
@_date: 2016-02-12 12:53:34
According to what logic? Maybe if you live in an area with weird laws?
@_date: 2016-02-12 13:49:55
Yeah, no. That's not how it works. Offline wallets are recommended because taking control of Bitcoins online is much easier. But possession /= ownership. You still own the bitcoins, you just don't control them. There's a big difference between the two.
Bitcoin is a technology. It does not override the law. It may be difficult to prove that you own bitcoins if you don't control them. It may be impossible to get them back in practice. But you still, legally, own them.
In fact you can think of it a bit like cash: You can consider a 10€ bill as not being 10€ itself, but rather giving you control of 10€. Just because I have the bill in my possession does not mean that I actually own the 10€ it represents. I might have just grabbed it from your hand. The fact that I possess the access method, does not mean that I own the 10€. It's still your money. You can go to the police and make a complaint about me, because it's still your money. And if I use the money to buy some stuff, it is considered fraud (because I am lying that it is my money, even when it's not).
@_date: 2016-02-12 14:55:06
The original question was whether it is possible to steal bitcoins. The claim was made that no, it's not theft because if you possess a bitcoin, it means that you own it. And the reason for this is that it's impossible to prove that you own a bitcoin without controlling it.
But this is not true. There are other ways of proving you own a bitcoin. Just like there are ways of proving that that 10€ bill belongs to you even if you do not possess it. And by "prove" I mean legally prove, not mathematically prove. Maybe I have paperwork to prove I own it? Maybe I have witnesses? Maybe I have a video recording of you running away with my paper wallet, laughing manically?
Logically, if it's legal to take someone's bitcoins, then it should be legal to take someones 10€ bills, because proving ownership of those, without possession, is just as difficult as with bitcoin.
Let's take the OP:s case.
Scenario 1: OP forgets his normal cash wallet in the library. Someone find it, takes out the cash, and puts it in his own wallet. This is clearly theft, because it's not his money. The event is caught by a camera, the thief is identified, caught, and sentenced.
Scenario 2: OP forgets his bitcoin paper wallet in the library. Someone finds it, takes out their smartphone, and transfers the funds to their own bitcoin wallet. The event is caught by a camera, the "thief" is identified, caught, and let go, because "you can't own bitcoins".
To me scenario 2 does not make sense, but that seems to be what you are claiming?
@_date: 2016-02-12 15:31:56
Maybe it really depends on where you live then? I'm pretty sure that if I left say a 500€ note in the library, and someone found it, the expectation is that he try to figure out who the owner is (or at the very least bring it to the people who work at the library). If the person keeps the money they are committing a crime. I think 10€ is considered so little that you are indeed allowed to keep it if you find it.
If I then the next day go to the library, and tell them that I lost a 500€ note while sitting in place X during time Y, they would definitely give it to me, because even though I can't 100% prove it is my money, it's pretty damn likely due to my information about it. The exact argument applies to a bitcoin wallet qr code.
I don't agree about what our disagreement is about. Whether the physical money is in a wallet or not, taking it is still a crime (given that the sum exceeds some quite low threshold value).
So, perhaps you just live in an area where it's expected that everything that isn't bolted down is fair game? What do you think about a bicycle that is left outside the library? Is it OK to take that one also, if there is no way to prove who the owner is?
edit: In Finland anything worth more than 20€ should be reported, otherwise you can keep it if it is difficult to figure out who the owner is. This does _not_ apply in some public places (such as OP:s library) where you should return the item to people working there no matter how worthless it is. Source (in Finnish): 
@_date: 2016-02-11 09:33:17
Is it fraud? Well, yes, yes it is. You claim you own something that you don't own. That's generally how fraud works.