@_author: renational
@_date: 2014-11-02 23:10:52
gold costs about $600/oz to mine refine and distribute.      
does that mean gold will never fall below $600/oz?  - no,    
it just means fewer will sell that low thus firm it's bottom.
@_date: 2014-10-09 19:00:20
LOL, Banks become insurance companies for crypto currency - I like that.  as Andreas talk kept coming back to the issue of wallet owners doing a poor job at securing their own property, it would have been funny to see all the old fart Bankers in the room react to this potential new roll left to them in World financial markets - hehehe
@_date: 2014-10-09 18:37:43
I considered that as well - questions - say 1,000 Bitcoin are in a multi-sig pool of funds, and one of those sigs is lost forever - what happens to that 1,000 Bitcoin, can any or all of it be touched by cooperation from the remaining sigs?  if it's unrecoverable, then would that loss of 1,000 Bitcoin  inflate Bitcoin value everywhere since there is a bit less liquidity in the system.
@_date: 2014-09-30 17:17:58
wow, you could not be more wrong.    
i'm on both and never linked them cause i don't want them sharing my metadata.  i have been using a visa card and/or bank account with both services totally independent of each other even after they merged.   my use of both services would not change if they were together or not.  the main reason i use paypal is so i don't have to fill in billing/shipping info and register when i order from new websight - ebay already has all my info, so i can order from them in a few clicks without paypal.
@_date: 2014-08-24 10:35:55
is selling on amazon used or aliexpress any cheaper?
@_date: 2014-10-09 16:58:54
good, my point exactly - Andreas missed an opportunity to illustrate to this panel of terrorism and crime paranoid old farts that cyber currency has the potential to be more transparent than physical cash.  we may not know exactly who is doing it at any given moment, but we defiantly know what is being done in real time.
@_date: 2014-10-09 13:32:49
**everyone please take 2hrs to listen uninterrupted because even those who already consider themselves bitcoin savvy need to learn how to communicate properly with the majority of us who are not.**     
my favorite takeaway was how block chain is the "internet" of the early 90's  
and how crypto currencies like bitcoin are the "killer app" like email of the 90's  
*this is similar to how i view p2p as an "internet", and torrent as a killer app*  
i also loved how andreas pointed out how the same telecommunication companies that felt threatened by the internet and subsequently lost all long distance phone call revenue have since innovated and replaced those lost revenue streams with new products and opportunities that only the internet would present.   banks and regulators need to step feeling threatened by decentralized crypocurrency, rather they will also need to adjust their product mix and infrastructure to not only absorb the losses cryptocurrency may pose to certain banking business, but also to be nimble and ready to profitably exploit all the new opportunities that block chain technologies will provide.
i myself was an IT Director who had to explain technical innovation in laymans terms to a room full of people who had the power to enable or disable such innovation.  the way Andreas behaved by providing concise answers, lightly spiced with real world examples, without any hint of condescension, and abruptly stopping his speech once the question was adequately addressed is exemplary behavior before such a panel.  
the **one opportunity i think Andreas missed was** when discussion touched on ISIS and how they captured a bank and are now free to spend all the physical currency found in their safes far easier and without transparency - what if instead ISIS had gotten hold of all the control keys of fat cypto currency accounts.  what Andreas should have elaborated on was - **what if ISIS broke into that physical safe, and instead of finding hundreds of millions in cash sitting on shelves, they found a single piece of paper with a unique set of crypto keys on it.**  how exactly would that have effected ISIS ability to disseminate those funds and how much would the international community be able to monitor or impact that dissemination.
@_date: 2013-11-16 11:53:03
a typical Assam is $10 per Kilo here in NYC.  I've never seen "very high quality" Assam, unless some crook is marketing it that way to foodie suckers.  Assam is the cheap garbage tea of this industry.
@_date: 2013-09-20 14:07:18
i think this entire story is just a hoax.
what public library leaves an outdoor unlocked A/C outlet.  buildings what have outdoor outlets in gardens for Xmas decorations usually keep them disconnected at the breaker box when not in use, and no public facility would encourage such loitering.
@_date: 2013-09-17 12:58:25
keep your bitcoin and use  dropbox isn't safe anymore...
@_date: 2013-11-16 19:43:08
@_date: 2013-11-16 19:56:50
Sorry if my post sounded harsh.  truth is I buy Dilmah loose Ceylon which is direct source foil shrink wrapped from Sri Lanka (an island state south of India) where they finally had a wage and labor living conditions hike after decades of abuse, and the price per Kilo has more than doubled as a result.  I'm happy to pay it as Ceylon is excellent black, better even than most mid-range blacks coming from China.  
BTW if anyone wants a great potent Assam cheapest, get "Tetley loose" (fannings in a blue box) as sold in most Indian groceries.  Yes, that's right - Tetley makes a better black than all the exotic over priced blacks you'll find around the web, however Tetley is a very ugly tea to display as it looks more like coffee grounds.  
I find most decorative broken leaf and full leaf Assam popular throughout the middle east to be nothing but chalky garbage.  The problem with most blacks is they require much hotter water than green, so the best way to compensate is to buy leaf bits, not full leaf for decoration - since the cooler water can penetrate and release all the tea notes best the smaller the bits of leaf are.