@_author: renegade_division
@_date: 2014-12-10 13:25:40
My prediction is precisely that, in the next 2-4 years we will see immense growth in the economy(like we have seen since 2009 that stock market has doubled). Sure bitcoin won't just stay at $300 for that much time, but the real benefit for bitcoin will come when after that time the ongoing bubble busts. It will do at the cost of huge inflation in dollar. And when inflation starts to squeeze people's life savings, they will flee to bitcoin(this is what a lot of people term as 'hyperbitcoinization').
If you are not ready to leave your money in bitcoin there for six year(and I am not saying it will take six years, but it could), then I would really recommend you educate yourself to figure out the bigger long term patterns of the economy. You clearly have to live longer than 6 years, the world isn't coming to an end in 6 years.
The economy will continue to grow to unprecedented levels in the coming years, and if you are just in bitcoin to make capital gains, and do not consider bitcoin to be any different than any other asset, then you won't be able to enjoy the hyperbitcoinization.
@_date: 2014-12-04 02:23:51


No it isn't, your loss exposure is infinite in shorting.
@_date: 2014-12-24 18:31:58


No it shouldn't be. Lemme give you an example.
Imagine if the issue of evolution was something like this:
Most scientists in the world believe in Evolution. Based on this the government wants evolution enhancing injections to be administered upon everyone. Clearly this is a very controversial policy and there are people opposing it.
But the problem is, in the debate, you have completely blinded yourself thinking that natural sciences CAN dictate social sciences policies, when they clearly not.
You think that anyone who opposes these evolution injections also deny that evolution exists. In many cases the people might even be ok administering these injections if they did really believe in the possibility of evolution being true that much(that is they don't really believe in creationism but their belief in evolution isn't as strong as it is).
On the top of that a bunch of people who truly believe in intelligent design. So by committing to weak man fallacy, you continuously think that all your opponents are bible thumping high school graduates, which is nothing but a bias.
Same goes with the climate change issue. Everytime I go against climate change legislation, you people put fingers in your ears and start screaming "97%, 97%, 97%", so personally speaking, to anyone who does that, I keep hitting raw nerves of all the climate change proponents. There is no rational discourse anywhere, so I get my hands dirty too.
@_date: 2014-12-11 16:12:35


Alright Jesus dude, just because you start frothing from your mouth the moment you read "Stock market will soar" and don't actually bother to understand what is being written, doesn't mean that this is what I wrote.
Lemme quote myself from my original post:


Now quoting from my recent post:


Quoting your response:


Are they? Really?
@_date: 2014-12-02 15:37:08


That's a pretty retarded definition of free market. More importantly you are just projecting anything you don't like about the current system to demolish an idea you don't like.
@_date: 2014-12-24 21:05:50


Umm, I was hardly talking about blame, I was talking about knowledge and solutions. Our solution to reduce out economic activity can't fix the problem unless it caused it.
@_date: 2014-12-10 15:50:02
Thanks! As you can see I put up the tip I received as a challenge to philosophical beliefs.
@_date: 2014-12-24 21:01:21


Absolutely. Yes when you look at what these actions are, they look really huge, but they aren't necessarily actions which will fix things. If humans are causing Climate change then our effect goes up with our increasing population a LOT more than the new iPads we buy each day.
To put it simply, if average human's 'carbon footprint'(that is if carbon emission is the cause), is 20 tonnes per year, and each year 80 million of the population is increased( then the total increase in carbon emission in a year is 20*80 million tonnes = 1.6 billion tonnes, that means just to keep up with population increase but keep your carbon footprint the same, roughly 5% reduction each year of every individual is required.
On the top of that the world's carbon foot print isn't even the same. Westerners live in extreme prosperity and have bigger footprint, whereas the rest of the world lives in abject poverty and has lower footprint. The poor countries can't reduce their carbon emission, which just means that westerners will have to pick up that slack, that means westerners will have to cut a LOT more carbon emissions than the third world.
On the other hand, the growth rate of the third world is a lot higher than that of the western world, that means, west needs to put breaks to its economic progress just so that the poor countries can have more babies, and in order to prevent climate change, western countries will have to reduce a LOT Of economic activity.


I hate doing this to environmentalists, but when you make an argument like that, it just begs. What have you done to fix things? Have you even tried cutting down 80% of your carbon footprint to see what we really need to do? You're nothing but an Internet preacher, and your logic would be simply "I can't really change things, so I will join you on the internet and bitcoin until I can convince everyone to change things".
Quoting Gandhi here: “Be the change that you wish to see in the world.”
Meanwhile don't get off Internet, and don't get off Bitcoin, but at least stop thinking that everybody opposing you is an illiterate conservative bible thumping idiot, or somehow thinking that you have the moral authority to talk about Patrick Byrne's political activities.
@_date: 2014-12-24 20:33:49


That's ridiculous, if we didn't cause it, then we can't be sure that our actions will fix it.
If earth is heating up on its own(lets just say), then our actions are taking us in a completely wrong direction(reducing our carbon emissions) than where we need to go(that is learn to deal with a warmer earth).
Do you disagree?
@_date: 2014-12-10 15:48:59


I challenge you for the $3.50 tip just gave me that you can't come up with the data which will help you convince your mind. Go ahead and tell me what data do you wanna see. This is me challenging your stupid logical positivism.
Now to explain my comment:
Stock market index is nothing but an average of the asset prices of some key performing stocks. DowJones Industrial Average is the average* of 30 companies(like GE, Verizon, Visa, Microsoft) etc.
Stock market is going to grow(which we usually say as 'economy will grow'), because there is unprecedented levels of money injected into the economy to keep the interest rates low.
When government injects money into the economy by lowering the interest rates, first the prices of goods in the sectors furthest away from consumption rises, then this price rise is slowly propagated towards sectors closer to the consumption(like retail, food, etc). This is why, you don't immediately see effects of price rise in CPI(Consumer Price Index).
But look at stock market since then, in 2009 the stock market(DJI) was 6600, now its nearing 18,000.
 (Google finance link 
That is 270% increase, that is if you invested at its bottom, today your portfolio would have seen a 170% return. A $100K investment in 2009 would have been worth worth $270K in 2014.
This trend WILL continue in the coming years, until you really see consumer price inflation(like REALLY see it there). At least the Feds will have to raise the interest rates before we can expect the day when Bitcoin makes it big.
If you wanna make more sane and shorter term profit, then try the stock market instead of Bitcoin. Because even if Bitcoin reaches $2000 in next six months, you would be a complete idiot to cash out at that point. If you don't expect dollar to suffer immensely, then you're a fool.
@_date: 2014-03-07 23:17:13


This statement makes a loud claim "I have no idea what Libertarianism is, I just think, like some people like to wear red shirt, others like to wear yellow, this is how I think libertarianism is like. Just because I am wearing a yellow shirt today, don't think I am a libertarian.".
@_date: 2014-12-10 20:38:24


You're weakmanning:
If you don't believe X, then stop taking an offense of an "If you believe in X" arguments. Clearly that argument wasn't targeting you.
On the other hand you conveniently ignored responding to the challenge I made you.




Both points are valid. Industries will fail, AND dollar will crash. The consumption will move towards the basic sectors of the economy(like essentials, food, clothing etc) and prices in those industries will go up, and all the other industries will suffer.
Its called a crash when profitability dies(whether prices go up or down).
Its called currency crash, when the value of the currency goes down(whether profitability goes up or down, though it almost always goes down).
@_date: 2014-11-17 21:30:38
Or to gain maximum price.
@_date: 2014-12-10 23:05:20
Dude, just answer the fucking question, what data would prove the assertion that for the next 2-4 years US economy will continue to show growth?
Instead of having a real conversation, all you are doing is taking jabs.
And bettercoin is so wrong and confused that I can't even
@_date: 2014-01-26 22:25:34
I was looking for a Terrarium shop in NYC, can you point me where is this shop?
@_date: 2014-12-24 21:54:40
If we caused it in any manner then we know one possibility for sure that we can prevent it. Take for instance if our space probe caused it then that means another space probe can redirect it. 
But it's quite possible that our space probe caused a snowball effect and now we can't do anything about it,  but that does not mean that we assume that for the causation does not potentially change our action.
Either way In case of climate change, we need to figure out where should we spend our effort, that changes significantly if we didn't cause it. 
@_date: 2014-12-23 17:11:10


I don't understand why are you asking a person with no knowledge of bitcoin, advice on bitcoins. Imagine you having no idea about Sea shell futures, would you ever advice your younger brother to buy them? You couldn't even possibly imagine the future of sea shell futures. So ask your advisor to stop being a curmudgeon and learn about bitcoins and other new technologies, otherwise he is a shitty advisor and fire him. No I am not asking you to hire an advisor only who agrees with you, but don't hire an advisor who is categorically unaware of cryptocurrencies, and hold knowledge of technologies as a competency criteria.
@_date: 2014-11-17 22:00:03


Actually I consider it to be the other way around. The more bitcoins Federal Govt owns, the more invested it will be into the technology. The beauty of bitcoin isn't that we(the people) have more of it and they have less of it, rather its qualitative attributes which give people more power.
@_date: 2014-12-01 15:38:11
I remember the proto-bitcoin era(circa-mid 2009), there was this technology being pushed by people called Loom( I was excited about Bitcoin and a fellow AnCap tried to sell me on the idea of Loom as a superset of Bitcoin that it can be used to represent bitcoins or any asset for that matter.
I think at the end what makes Bitcoin more successful than these currencies is that it was modeled after gold(in terms of its tapering off production rate, its non-reversibility of transactions, even the icon etc etc), so it helped in not only understanding of it, but 
Ripple seems to be the intellectual successor of loom(or consider Loom to be a proto-ripple currency), and it has the same problem. Yes I can use their protocol for 'any kind of money or value' but the whole idea of money is that it is THE common commodity which is used to perform the indirect exchanges of goods and services, if I have to continually rethink the exchange value in different currencies then it defeats the point of using a medium of exchange. Just because France and USA have different currencies it doesn't mean that internet needs to have different currencies too.
To put it simply bitcoin is modeled after Gold and Ripple/Loom were modeled after fiat currencies, and this is reflected in the (superior) value proposition of bitcoin.
Other than bitcoin, the only other technology I have liked(and see it as gamechanger) so far is Ethereum, but instead of modeling it as private/decentralized law, they are hell bent on seeing/selling it as "turing complete programming language".
@_date: 2014-12-24 19:45:58
Every single one of them. Climate Change activists are insane to describe a problem as world's worst nightmare, but the solutions are so ridiculously off center.
Its like a doctor who claims that I have cancer, and the solution he recommends is that I slap myself daily.
If I don't die because of Cancer, then its because I followed the advice and slapped myself daily, and if I do start to suffer then its because I didn't slap myself hard enough.
Same goes with climate change activism too. How can their solutions be proven wrong? They just can't, if world doesn't end, then we saved ourselves because of our efforts, and if it does then its because we didn't do it hard enough.
This is not science or scientific at all if there is no way climate change activists can be proven wrong.
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:43:14
Supply doesn't matter for adoption or usage of ANY currency. That's Say's Law for you. Goods are traded for other goods.
Any amount of currency is sufficient to support any size of economy.
@_date: 2014-11-16 00:47:29


What the hell is a voluntary state?
Imagine a pro-rape proponent says to an anti-rape proponent, "What if someone wants to get raped instead of just having voluntary sex with people?", do you think the anti-rape proponent should say "We anti-rape sex proponents aren't against voluntary rape, its perfectly fine if you consent to get raped".
Its one thing that you wanna convince the other people to your viewpoint, its totally another thing that you wanna do this by destroying the terms by which debate is happening.
No libertarian is ok with a 'voluntary state', because a 'voluntary state' is nothing but just another private company. What you are arguing against is forcing others to do things your way. There is absolutely no sugarcoating of this fact if you want to rationally convince other people.
Its like when left-libertads claim that "we are for all private property rights, just not for absentee private ownership of property".
@_date: 2014-12-24 21:20:49
In your example we clearly can never cause Asteroids, so you're using a biased example, if we somehow caused it then the solution would be a lot different. 
@_date: 2014-12-17 13:00:12
This. US Dollar is going really strong right now. Bitcoin competes with the dollar.
When Ruble falls, as much as we want them to run to Bitcoin, they are actually running to the dollar. 
Look at the Charts between EUR/USD, GBP/USD, CAD/USD, they are all down compared to USD.
This pattern of Dollar's rise will continue for another 6-8 months(whether wants to hear it or not), you can just look at the charts and make a prediction about how long it will stay high, and as long as dollar remains high, Bitcoin isn't making its "to the moon" run.
On the top of that, some bitcoin holders who bought it at its peak, are getting tired of their savings tied down in a stalling currency, so every now and then they will quit(and causing the falls of the currency as yesterday).
I am in bitcoin not because I saw some amazing rising charts in the fall of 2013 and convinced myself that bitcoin is so awesome that everybody from schoolkids paying for their lunch to homeless people accepting tips would accept money should accept it as soon as they learn about it.
I am in bitcoin because of Austrian Business Cycle Theory I foresee an economic disaster coming, which is going to be of epic proportions. I do not wanna save money in dollar for anything because whatever maybe the temporary trend in dollar, in the long term dollar is doomed. I also believe that in a world without bitcoins, dollar will be less doomed and might even save itself, but its the bitcoin which is going to be the convenient replacement of dollar once its start to go down.
The bear years of bitcoin will allow it to keep spreading everywhere, so when the dollar tumbles, any business which accepts bitcoin would have an upper edge.
@_date: 2014-12-24 19:08:28


I asked you for your definition of Capitalism in order to comprehend and clarify communication. You do understand that Objective truth isn't determined by the dictionaries right?
This is the argument of ideas, not of English language. If you were claiming "I saw Tom commit a murder" and identify "James" as the suspect, that does not mean that James did not commit the murder, it simply means that the person you saw wasn't Tom, but James.
Same goes here. The understanding of Capitalism by the common public is incorrect, and it isn't because they are misidentifying a term, they are correctly identifying the system they despise and the causal principle they consider for it to be responsible for it. People believe that Capitalism is a system of private property means doing things for profit by private property owners.
They are right about the principle, but wrong about the effect. This is the same way as if people believed that zaxlebax(a made up word) was "a metallic sphere, something which was built in the shape of washington monument", and that's what the dictionary wrote. Zaxlebax can be a metallic sphere, or it can be a metallic entity which is in the shape of washington monument, but it can't be what most people believe it is, or what dictionary defines it as.
If someone (like in this case me) were to try to convince people that the cause and effect of Zaxlebax is incorrect, and contradictory, you can't quote me the dictionary and say "You're wrong, Zaxlebax IS a metallic sphere in the shape of Washington Monument" and that I can't create personal definitions.
This argument isn't about the definition of capitalism, but whether a system of private property really is what most people believe it is. Or more specifically if bitcoin is a capitalist entity. If Bill Gates donates his money to a charitable organization, is that organization not created by Capitalism?
See currently, bitcoin with its low volume IS something upon which both Libertarians/Capitalist and Socialists/Communists can agree upon, but in future it will be a major tool for Capitalism.
@_date: 2014-12-10 17:33:16
You are being incoherent. The economy in general IS dollar economy. I understand that coming from bitcoin world where the phrase "bitcoin economy is growing" means something, the phrase "dollar economy is/isn't growing" does not mean anything.
Assuming you did mean to say "economy isn't growing but dollar supply is growing", then I disagree. Dollar supply IS growing, but at the same time economy is growing too.
The money supply equation(which was the work of Milton Friedman) says that when money supply increases faster than the rate of growth of economy, the prices go up. Or the difference of rate of increase/decrease of money supply and growth of economy is the rate of change of prices.
@_date: 2014-12-24 21:00:19
So I pointed out that your definition is contradictory, and instead of asking how, you just think I have forked the universe?
@_date: 2014-12-10 18:40:22


True, but what exactly is going to trigger it if not some underlying cause underneath it?
Even if it isn't the cause behind it, when hyperbitcoinization happens, people will flee out of other currencies(like dollar). What do you think will happen to other currencies when hyperbitcoinization happens? If the belief is that somehow dollar won't take a hit from hyperbitcoinizaton then its a pretty naive belief.
@_date: 2014-12-23 13:36:11




So Capitalism means the owner must get paid, sounds like a lot of psychological projections going on here. 
What is the core definition of Capitalism according to you, and tell me how would bitcoin not fit into that definition? From the early days of bitcoin to now the Capitalist-Libertarians have been the biggest supporters of Bitcoin, and you're simply saying that Bitcoin is not capitalist because its owner made a design decision which doesn't agree with your definition of capitalism?
@_date: 2014-04-01 12:29:42
That's ridiculous. Regulatory capture or not, the need for anonymity does not go away.
@_date: 2015-01-26 18:11:58
FYI, it didn't ask me a single identification detail(i.e. other than address, name), just last 4 digits of social security, and then this screen.
If I had messed up the name of my grandmother's maiden name(I guess this is what they are asking to others), then I would totally understand that I got that detail wrong and that in another day I would get to make another attempt.
Since all I entered was my address and last 4 digits of my SSN(which I know isn't wrong) this message confused the hell out of me.
Now I think this is an edge case they missed(instead of just letting another dev compose the error message like that).
@_date: 2015-01-26 17:57:14
No I believe that FAQ page answers my question, and I know what they are going to tell me(to try again in 24 hours and then contact credit unions). I am already not a customer of Circle because Coinbase made it easier for me to do business with them. But the coinbase exchange is in the same category as Circle.
Either way, if I have to contact support to be told precisely the thing FAQ already does, I am already not recommending non-techies to try their hands with bitcoin. I would wait another six months before I did that.
@_date: 2015-01-26 17:45:14
Note: Edited out my real name.
FYI I have successfully done business using coinbase.
Its really annoying that bitcoin companies make almost no effort to make a pleasant experience for the people. I had circle say the same thing. I have no idea what is Coinbase verifying my identity against, or how somehow tomorrow after trying it again it would work?
For instance in FAQs all they have to do is to link or include this answer on that page instead of that cryptic and frustrating error message:
@_date: 2015-01-26 17:49:51
I am sorry but it is for those users I ask this question. This is the answer they gave on FAQs after I googled around and tried to find the answer, all that was required is to include this info on that page.
It is not a valid assumption based on the error message that resources are that 'busy'. Also most internet people understand what 'busy' means, that's not what that message implies.
@_date: 2015-01-26 20:34:35
I edited out my real name for the screen cap.
@_date: 2015-01-26 17:53:40
I have complete sympathy regarding their technological/logistical limitations(being a developer myself, I understand these things). However I do not have sympathy for bad User Experience, which according to me is detriment for bitcoin adoption.
@_date: 2017-01-07 02:57:20
I don't think there was ever a time when a week of solo mining gave you 3-4 bitcoins and it was only worth 30 cents. When the price of bitcoin was 30 cents, (way before that and way after that) each block gave you 50 btc.
When the total value of 3-4 bitcoin was 30 cents, a week's mining would have given you around 100-150 bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-01-07 02:48:33


Yes, they are securing the network. Consider it this way, technically nobody needs these equations to be solved for any purpose other than to secure the network. Most people new to bitcoin tend to not understand it and think "Duh it's lame that bitcoin miners are solving this equation which is of no use to anyone", but the fact is that millions of people are getting the benefit of having a secured network because of bitcoin mining, and that's the benefit of solving those equations.
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:03:00
I wonder if someone can link it to price feed and then it would go up and down based on how the price moves.
@_date: 2013-12-04 16:52:16
It should also be renamed to bitname rather than namecoin.
@_date: 2013-07-23 17:32:18


I don't think you understand what is the purpose of saving money. I also think you believe savings are bad for the society and its a good thing that money saved(whether due to someone forgetting money or intentionally) is spent forcefully by being reallocated to someone else.
Overall, I am way better off than having non-recoverable lost currency than having currency recovered like this which potentially makes legitimate users lose their money.
@_date: 2013-07-23 18:10:57
No, the cost isn't just the effort taken by the individual to perform that transaction, its more than that. The cost must accomodate the risk of losing that money.
Lets say everybody adopts this currency, and about 10% of the people end up having their money lost through this(i.e 10% of currencies come back for dead coin lottery). This means that there is a 10% risk of you losing your money, i.e. the money has a 10% disadvantage and less value over a currency which does not allow such a thing.
Of course the other currency with no dead lottery has a certain "forgotten money" problem, so lets say if there is 5% money forgotten each year then non-dead lottery is 5% better than the dead coin lottery(and if loss is more than 15% a year then dead coin lottery currency is 5% better than non-dead coin lottery). It isn't really just a better system at little cost FYI.
@_date: 2013-07-23 17:45:16


But what you're missing now is that instead of being able to rely on their wealth and savings to remain, a freak accident could wipe it off, sorry not a freak accident, a highly likely accident could wipe it off.
Do you really think people would save money in a bank which claims that if the customers don't visit one of the bank's national branches once a year, then they will lose all the money and bank will take over?
If you want more risky with your shit, play poker man.
@_date: 2013-12-25 16:45:35
But look at it from his perspective, he's just doing business, he has no idea about the money laundering laws and the numerous legal hassles he can get into, so he just thinks he needs to explain cops what the thing is, and they will let him go.
Also don't forget, if the guy starts to demand lawyer, the cops will just say "oh we just need this small clarification about the money, if you ain't done nothing wrong, why don't you just come with us".
Another trick cops use for psychological pressure is this: "We have proof that you started the fight in the bar that day, and then stole money from the register when nobody was looking", and you are tempted to say "I didn't start the fight, it was some guy who did it and I definitely didn't take any money, lemme tell you what happened."