@_author: repodepo
@_date: 2017-09-17 03:39:38
Darkcoin got rebranded as DASH! And yes it is a good coin just read yesterday that they reduced transaction fees again.
@_date: 2017-09-30 02:16:54
Yeah I remember this asshole made me trust MtGox and lose my 0.5 BTC!
@_date: 2017-10-03 22:55:02
Well seems like those substances have largely been taken out of almost all vaccines by now anyways due to public concern, despite there being no clear scientific evidence for their linkage to autism. The wikipedia page on the subject is a good start with the primary sources at the bottom.  The rise in autism rates is even controversial as it may not be that autism is on the rise but rather autism is diagnosed better these days vs. before. But either way even if somehow vaccines caused autism (which they likely don't) would you rather want your kid dying of small pox rather than being autistic?
@_date: 2017-10-09 01:23:31
Yeah we're all bitcoiners here, there should be no reason to argue lol we all distrust the government to a degree especially the US government with everything Snowden has shown us and how he got treated. I don't blame you for not trusting them on vaccines and who knows maybe one day we will discover that they did cause harm. I also find the Catalonian suppression sickening I'm on the side of Julian Assange, Snowden and this movement. There's plenty of scientists like me in the computer science field researching blockchain tech and don't trust the government fully either. So I hope you will keep trusting the scientists. Scientist are definitely on the side of the people we will prevail! No matter what bans the banks make. Just read the international monetary funds reports on the future of the economy they have been saying that bitcoin will get globally adopted already since 2015. Wish I had read their report earlier I would have put more of my money into crypto. I hope bitcoin gets globally adopted as this would start the golden age of science with lots more funding as right now we are struggling if we had all the funding we needed we wouldn't be publishing corrupt research since we wouldn't have to partner up with corporations that wanna push their agenda. Trust us nerds lol we're are the ones who created bitcoin 
@_date: 2017-10-04 16:13:26
But what's wrong with decreasing population growth? It's not like we're all going to die out, people will always have children and if bitcoin gets adopted worldwide economies will change and likely people will have more kids. I know I will have at least 2 especially if bitcoin gets adopted since I'll have the money to support them :p as well it would be the kind of fair monetary society that I would fell more comfortable to have kids in. I just read a nature science journal paper yesterday that showed economic inequality being a likely cause of depression, with depression so common place these days a better economy would have less depression and suicide as well so population would increase :)
@_date: 2017-10-08 06:02:32
I'm done arguing with you from my research what I have gathered is that there are lobbyist likely on both sides of the research.  Like this paper which supports your view the authors state in the conflicts of interest that they all have been involved in vaccine/biologic litigation which does not make them neutral on the subject. As well they got funding from Chronic Illnesses, Inc. who Dr. Mark Geier has been involved with you can read all about his research on the autism subject here:  When it comes to the New York times article you shared that treatment given was an experimental non clinal treatment given by a poorly regulated institution in the USA. I can't speak much for your system as I am from Canada where our regulations are stricter. Again hopefully after 10 more years of science we will have a for sure answer on the autism vaccine debate. When it comes to my research our lab discovered why the experimental stem cell implantation failed after showing promising results in mice. This was caused by the use of GFP labeled retinal stem cells which were though to have been successfully implanted into the retina as they found GFP labeled retinal cells in the retina after transplantation. But turns out the GFP labeled transplant retinal cells had not been successfully implanted but rather the GFP protein from transplanted cells had been incorporated into cells already present in the retina.  
@_date: 2017-10-02 10:38:33
Seriously are you one of those vaccines cause autism believers? Did not think that a bitcoin fan could be against science. The vaccination debate should be non-existent there's one scientific paper that reported it which now has been withdrawn and debunked vs. the 100's of papers that say vaccines do work.