@_author: reservedwhyren
@_date: 2017-07-13 01:14:39


TARP did great things in preventing the nigh-total collapse of the financial sector and every single loan it issued made a profit for the US Treasury. The moral hazards of too-big-to-fail are extant, but have largely been addressed since the crisis, and a second Great Depression would have been pretty shitty for everyone.
There is an incredible body of empirical data providing nigh-irrefutable support for the concept of expansionary monetary policy. Targeting a near-zero Federal Funds Rate is a natural and logical progression for the Fed(and, under different names, any other central bank) to undertake when lowered, but still higher than near-zero, rates are insufficient. Lowering rates accelerates inflation, but A. that is a good thing when there are deflationary risks and B. inflation has been very low regardless, though it has been increasing a bit recently(and the Fed has been raising rates alongside, as it should.)
See ZIRP. QE and such unorthodox tactics are necessary when a ZIRP is insufficient to effectively jump-start economic growth and recovery. 


Literally impossible. Individuals do not have reserve accounts at the Fed and they are also don't really have a bunch of T-bills to give as compensation. Contrary to what many think, QE is not printing money. (Not to discredit Helicopter Money as a concept, but it's best reserved for when the situation is far worse and there is evident deflation.)


Not at all in the power of the Federal Reserve, and bailing out homeowners would have been bailing out financial institutions anyway, given that that's where the money would have gone anyway. Moreover, the federal government did take significant actions to aid homeowners unfairly disaffected by the crisis. (Of course, as far as moral hazard goes, many were very much culpable as far as moral hazard is concerned.)
@_date: 2017-07-13 01:21:30


No, it doesn't. 
@_date: 2017-07-13 18:51:52


Well, what do you mean by "Banks"? "Banks" are not some monolithic entity; they are competing firms with individual goals and motivations. Moreover, there are several types of banks; commercial and investment, as well as the shadow banking system. Trying to cast judgement on the whole industry is very unfair; most of the fuckhuge commercial banks weren't actually significantly involved in the subprime crash and even took on the risk of acquiring several of the almost-dead investment banks to help stabilize the system. (Bear Stearns was acquired by JP Morgan Chase, Merrill Lynch by Bank of America, for example.)
Now, if I can accurately estimate your actual question
Subprime mortgages are not themselves a bad thing, hence the reason they're still very much allowed today; you wouldn't want anyone with a lacking credit rating to be denied the possibility of getting a mortgage, right? The problems emerge from the housing value bubble; the constantly rising house prices meant that subprime borrowers could reasonably expect to be able to refinance their mortgage a couple of years after making it as the value of their property rose(resulting in a bit of a vicious cycle where values rose because of this causing values to rise even more and so forth), and from the perverse incentives created by an under-regulation of the MBS system. 
Mortgage-backed securities are not a bad idea either. Mortgages are generally very reliable and profitable, and international demand for American MBS was huge because of too-good-to-be-true ratios of risk:return. But, they created a setup that propagated the problems of subprime mortgages by motivating mortgage originators to not have to adequately consider the risks of the mortgages they issued. This is because they could and did immediately sell their mortgages to securitizers; new regulations make it so that originators, if they are going to sell their mortgages, have to keep skin in the game, something they did not have to do before the market crash. It's hard to blame any individual entity for doing what made sense to it in this case; the blame goes towards the system at large and towards the regulators that failed to have and act upon sufficient foresight. 
Now, the conflict-of-interests involved in the credit-rating agencies being paid by the securitizers to rate the MBS rather than by the security purchasers were very unethical, albeit not quite illegal. As much as the credit-rating agencies should have been more ethically conscious(same for the securitizers), you really have to give a leering glance towards the purchasers for failing to be diligent and think critically. *Caveat emptor*.
Then, you get to the investment banks that went under or would have if not for the Government/JPMorgan/BoA; Lehman Brothers, Merrill Lynch, and Bear Stearns. Quite frankly, they were stupid, took stupid risks, and over leveraged themselves to do so. I'm won't go so far as to say that they had a fiduciary duty to society not to do so, but their management certainly had one to their shareholders and customers. It was nothing criminal, but nonetheless somewhat pathetic. Of course, they weren't operating with necessarily good information and hindsight is 20-20, but still. I'm not going to condemn what some people call "greed", but I will the condemn stupid recklessness of failing to consider worst-case scenarios, of failing to exercise proper cynicism, and of failing to be more responsible, more thoughtful, and more intelligent. 
AIG? Not a bank, and I don't put a huge amount of blame on them, if just because they were well down the causal line. The MBS crash and the subsequent money market runs aren't its fault, and it isn't unreasonable to say that its derivative positions(security insurance, really), when propped up by the Government bailout, were probably helpful in mitigating the damages in much the reverse manner of what would have happened had it failed to, independently or not, compensate investors when their investments went bad. 
The fundamental failing of the financial industry was, in essence, not having foresight and not holding onto enough reserve capital to allow itself to weather the storm of a crisis. (Again, not all; many were adequately capitalized and/or not overly involved in the MBS market.)
And you can't blame the wide scope of investors for running on the money market. That would be unfair. If not for the FDIC guaranteeing my deposits, you can be real fucking sure I'd be breaking traffic laws left and right to get to empty my accounts if I thought my bank was going to go under, as would any rational person. I know that me doing so would contribute to a economic collapse, but damn I'm getting mine.


QE is not a handout of money. It's the Fed crediting the bank reserves(deposit accounts for banks, basically) it holds in exchange for longer-term financial assets like MBS and Treasuries. It does not affect the totals on a bank's balance sheet(the Assets value of the accounting equation(A=L+SE) does not change). I really want to get this established. 


Because nobody committed an actual crime. Unethical, stupid, and overly risky business practices are not necessarily criminal; if they were, Tim Cook would be in prison for the "dongle". Moreover, it would be incredible difficult to find any actual individuals to charge if there were some criminal law already on the books, and any good lawyer could get a jury to acquit. 
Now, with that said, moral hazard is nonetheless a huge deal in regards to too-big-to-fail. If firms think that they can afford to take unnecessary and dangerous risks because they'll just be saved by the government if something goes really wrong, then they damn well will and we would probably get a clone of the FC. That's why the post-crisis regulations require big financial institutions to have living wills to enable them to be dismantled safely should they fail, rather than require and be guaranteed a substantial bailout. (I'm not a huge fan of this approach; I'm skeptical of how well it can work, especially in a timely manner. I'd prefer a law setting forth a protocol for a failing too-big-to-fail institution to, upon the consensus of the Fed chair, the Treasury Sec, and the head of the FDIC, be fully nationalized, then capitalized, and then fully privatized once the risks have been nullified, for potentially zero compensation should the situation/moral hazards/stupidity be extreme enough to warrant.)  
@_date: 2017-07-13 03:29:29


How? Through inflation? Whatever inflation the 2008-onward ZIRP and QEs 1 through 3 caused was very minimal and very desirable, given the deflationary threats we faced.


So? 


No, it's [productivity growth]( among others, and that's a structural problem that cannot be resolved through monetary policy. Low real compensation growth(wages aren't the only form of compensation for labor) is a symptom of several structural problems, low productivity growth being a major one. 
Moreover, "demand side inflationary measures", whatever they may be, wouldn't do anything to fix low wage growth. Short-run fiscal stimulus can help fight recessions and drive demand(in theory, but... well, maybe? It depends on several factors.), but they will not cause long-run increases in real wages. Significant welfare expansion could maybe help people if paid for, but it, too, wouldn't increase wages paid by employers. And, most relevantly to the topic, isn't something that can be done by a central bank. 


Because the Federal Reserve, and the US government in general, is not a commercial bank. And, of course, *a ZIRP isn't actually the Federal Reserve lending to banks at near-zero*. A ZIRP is a central bank engaging in open market security purchases with the intent of lowering the rate at which banks lend to each other overnight to near-zero(the Federal Funds Rate), not lending money at zero percent interest. The Federal Reserves *DOES* lend to banks directly, but that's a different mechanism, the Discount Window, which A. is always set above the market rate, B. hit 0.5% at its very lowest during the height of the recession(it was 1.75-2.25% in June, fwiw, while the Fed Funds rate was ~1.00%.), and C. is loathed to be used by Banks, because it's stigmatized and expensive.


Do you know what QE is? It's the Federal Reserve taking treasury securities from banks and crediting the reserve accounts held by said banks at the Federal Reserve; it does not affect the size of the banks' balance sheet and does not involve printing money. 
The federal government just writing people a check may or may not be an effective fiscal response to recession, but it's not monetary policy, and cannot be done by a central bank. Also, as a side note, for your earlier talk of "stealing from the future", as deficit spending requires the government to take out debt that it will have to pay back in the future. Not against it whatsoever, but barring just printing money(which I would think bitcoin folk don't like), it has a nominal cost. (Even printing money has a very real cost in inflation, which is why helicopter money is really only suitable as a dramatic method of fighting deflation.)
Also, the federal government just writing people checks is basically what the stimulus package was. It worked well enough to mitigate for the drop in state and local governmental expenditure. It was done alongside the Fed's expansionary monetary policy. (The Federal Reserve refusing to engage in expansionary monetary policy and allowing the money supply to contract and banks to fail was the driving cause behind the Great Depression.)


It would also cost a bunch of money, result in a huge crowding-out effect, is really not guaranteed to revive the bullish animal spirits as the large majority of consumers were not disaffected poor-ish homeowners with subprime mortgages who nonetheless had varying levels of culpability for their own problems. Of course, the government actually did work to make many of the mortgages much more affordable through various means and programs. 
