@_author: resound
@_date: 2014-07-17 05:56:21
I don't see the reason to use Circle over Coinbase. It is just as easy to sign up on Coinbase and you see the USD balance as well. What single feature does Circle have over Coinbase?
@_date: 2014-05-22 06:03:21
Where are you going to invest your new bitcoins? Are you just going to let them sit? 
@_date: 2018-11-30 08:23:12
This is just incorrect. The cash-settled and spot BTC market ARE connected through arbitrage, just as Gemini and Coinbase are. People buying on the cash-settled market DO affect the price of the spot market, but indirectly.
In December 2017 when the futures launched, the price for January bitcoin futures were 6% higher than the spot price. This means that I could write/short/promise to sell a Bitcoin to someone via a future and buy on the spot market to cover my future. No matter what the price of bitcoin was in January, I would have made a completely risk-free 6% return. This arbitrage gap slowly disappears as either the spot market moves up, the futures market moves down, or both. 
What the futures DO allow people to do is short bitcoin by promising to sell bitcoins that they do not own, but this is a seperate issue not related to what the OP is claiming. Futures do not create more bitcoins, just as stock options do not create more shares.
@_date: 2015-04-20 16:57:58
From the perspective of the bitcoin network, ALL addresses are created offline! The network does not know when you "create addresses". It only knows when you send money to the address. So really, all your addresses are "offline"  (not on the blockchain) unless you send money to them.  
I don't know why you didn't use a seed but it doesn't matter that much. 
You can use any address to sign a transaction that says "send 10 BTC" just like you can write a check for $1000 without having it in your account. But if you don't have 10 BTC in that address then the transaction will be rejected. 
You can monitor all your cold wallet addresses with Electrum's watch only feature on a computer connected to the internet. 
@_date: 2015-04-22 18:14:15
How does your API compare with the existing APIs like Baron  and others in this space? 
@_date: 2015-04-20 16:50:44
Satoshi's vision was to have mining rewards taper off slowly while transaction fees rose steadily. Unfortunately, no one has any incentive to pay higher transaction fees because the blockchain is only growing at 1.3 transactions/second vs the limit of 6-7 transactions/second. Why pay a fee when there is ample room in a block? So in the present moment, mining rewards are still 99.9% of a miner's revenue. 
Next year, the rate of 1.3 transactions/second continues, then miner revenue will fall and this can only mean that barring any efficiency increases, miners will have to shut down half of their ASICs, leading to a large difficulty drop. Who will this affect? Nobody really, besides miners. As Andreas Antonopoulos said, "we built this giant warehouse [miners at 300 petahashes/second] and put a tricycle in it [1.3 transactions/second]" People could interpret a difficulty drop negatively. The network may or may not be really slow for two weeks. Miners may lose their investment. But either way bitcoin will not die. 
What can you do to increase transactions/second and in turn, create a fee market for bitcoin miners, in turn securing their revenue? You can write a useful bitcoin application that actually gives people a reason to use bitcoin! The Coinbase Hackathon is happening right now.
@_date: 2015-03-09 23:57:29
Abra claims to be a decentrazlied way to send money. But I do not understand how it works. As far as I know, it works like this: 
1. Teller A buys "Abra tokens" from Abra
2. Customer buys “Abra tokens” from Teller A
3. Customer A sends “Abra tokens" across borders to customer B “on the blockchain” 
4. Customer B sells “Abra tokens" to Teller B
5. Teller B sells "Abra tokens" to Abra
Contrast this with Localbitcoins which works the exact same way: 
1. Teller A buys BTC from Coinbase/miner
2. Customer buys BTC from Teller A
3. Customer A sends BTC across borders to customer B on the bitcoin blockchain
4. Customer B sells BTC to Teller B
5. Teller B sells BTC to Coinbase for their country
So if we compare the two, the only advantage that ABRA provides is the hedging contract and user-friendliness. But Abra is still on both sides of the border. So Abra still needs to hold a lot of bitcoin and cash reserves, correct? Doesn’t this contradict their claim of not being a money transmitter etc? 
@_date: 2015-03-16 14:25:11
You can create one transaction that empties the entire electrum wallet to your cold storage address. Just input the balance at the bottom of the electrum window into the "amount" box minus fees. 