@_author: resreassure
@_date: 2019-01-08 00:30:27
For most people, bitcoin won't become real to them until it is tangible.  If you asked older people here in Switzerland, I suspect that they would be more positive on bitcoin.  After all, you can buy a railway ticket with bitcoin, so you see the logo in a lot of places.  
It is like the internet: when it is conceptual people have a hard time imaging a different world.  Even smart people like Paul Krugman, who, in the early days, thought that the internet would have about the same effect as the fax machine.  Now, however, I bet he watches Netflixs on his iPad.  Probably he doesn't curl up with his fax machine in the evening.  
If there were a real crypto bank, for example, where people could earn much higher interest rates than they do in a traditional bank, I bet people would believe more.  Probably disproportionately older people would like it, as they have relatively higher savings.   
@_date: 2019-01-08 00:56:10
There are superficial reasons to make fun of both, for sure.  However, fractional reserve banking is fundamentally dishonest: the bank tells depositors that it is their money, sitting in their account, and they can have it back at any time.  At the same time, the bank lends most of the money to borrowers or uses it themselves, including as an input to their own credit money creation.  The crypto system is inherently different: it is based on a transparent record of the truth.  You cannot create money artificially in the crypto system.  The two systems have completely different values.  
But, yes, a lot of people do wear cat t-shirts and con people out of their money in dodgy ICOs. But, if you look beyond the people, the underlying systems have different ethics to them.  
@_date: 2018-12-27 07:10:04
We think that this is a very realistic price estimate.  
BTC will be significantly higher compared to the dollar once there is a strong link to the real economy; that will drive adoption at a rate that is hard to imagine today.  
Some thoughts: 
1. International trade will increasingly be priced in a standard of value that is global and not tied to the currency of any particular country.  
The US dollar will slowly decline as a standard of value in trade.  It will be replaced by the Special Drawing Rights basket (USD, EUR, GBP, JPY, CNY) + BTC.  The SDR+ would just be a standard of value (like a unit of account) that would be intended to be price stable and separate from the currency valuation actions of a single nation state.  The components of this SDR+ standard of value will rebalance over time, with the role of BTC increasing and perhaps other crypto currencies being added.  Exchanges can then be made in a separate currency; for example, a coffee supply transaction could be negotiated directly by a seller and a buyer with the price agreed in SDR+.  On final delivery, the buyer could pay in a currency of their choice, as long as it matched the value set in SDR+.  
2. Bitcoin, once linked to productive use in the real economy, will emerge as the ultimate global store of value, mainly because its supply is fixed and because of wide adoption.
The US dollar will remain the world’s major reserve currency, but its percentage holding by foreign central banks will decline.  The main beneficiary of this declining use will be the United States, as it will allow the dollar to find a less inflated price level, encouraging higher US economic output and higher US domestic employment.  As SDRs+ are increasingly used as a price reference and as crypto currencies are increasingly used in international trade, these crypto currencies will slowly make up a greater percentage of global reserves.  
Bitcoin will increase significantly in price as adoption spreads.  The price a decade from now will be in excess of $410,250 per BTC.  Forecast takes into account expected decline in USD against SDRs+, expected rise of other crypto currencies, global GDP growth, and BTC penetration in trade, supply chain, and expected adoption amongst various (mainly developing) countries.    
More predictions here: 