@_author: resumebit
@_date: 2019-07-11 05:23:36
Great article. I've commented on this in the past but I'll repeat here. I personally believe the market needs a true decentralized interoperability protocol and wrapped / pegged btc just won't cut it forever. If you can as easily leverage wrapped btc as you can the real thing, there's no reason to use Wbtc.
Here's the way I see it, the market currently has utility projects and store of value projects. SOV projects include Bitcoin (Public Blockchain), Monero (Private Blockchain), Decred (On-chain Governance), Zcash (Public/Private + Institutional Friendly Blockchain), Litecoin (Silver to Bitcoins gold), and a few others but these are the current market winners for their respective sectors or niche. None of these are platforms, and none of them exist inside a platform. Ethereum, Neo, Cosmos, Polkadot, and the likes are not building SOV projects, they are building ecosystems. Is DeFi being built on these systems? Yes - Ethereum has paved the way here and demonstrated the potential in the largest DeFi experiment conducted to date, however Defi wants to leverage SOV coins as the underlying assets, namely bitcoin at this time. 
Blocknet is the only project currently making this happen and it's sort of interesting that it's essentially remained in the background of all these discussions. People are quick to mention polkadot or cosmos but these projects have chosen not to be 100% decentralized or even try to really communicate with the real native chains. They created their own ecosystem where they sit in the middle. If you're not chain agnostic, you're not an interoperability protocol. 
The DeFi challenge to leverage SOV coins (Bitcoin to start) will be one of the most significant steps taken in the market, and yet the only project currently achieving this is barely known.
@_date: 2019-07-11 14:02:33
Not exactly, because traditional currencies including usd are inflationary.  Holding dollars is not holding a store of value and so stablecoins are the same. They are very functional for other reasons and deFi absolutely needs stablecoins (that’s why there’s so much consolidation around DAI)
@_date: 2019-07-26 20:58:17
Depends what you’re looking to exchange. Here are my picks: 
Fiat gateway = bisq 
ERC20 with high (relartive to DEXs) liquidity = uniswap 
ERC20 with great user experience = kyber
100% decentralized and completely limitless in which chains are incorporated = blocknet
I’m agnostic about Bancor but currently researching.
I think there needs to be a DEX coalition with shared liquidity pools so they can compete with the central exchanges at scale. This was intended with the 0x franchise model but I think it needs to reach outside of erc20 at which point use of Blocknet’s xrouter makes sense to make the interchain communication happen.
@_date: 2019-07-26 21:00:49
I second block. Once blocknet has ERC20 integration + the multi lite wallet, they will be years ahead of the market. Hopefully they set a precedent for what level of decentralization is acceptable for DEXs. Other dexs keep making concessions and users don’t seem to be fully aware.
@_date: 2019-07-18 21:09:09
2013 here and I have to say after all these years I’m actually not surprised. It was always just a matter of time. Amazing nonetheless.
@_date: 2014-03-14 23:00:34
Oh don't worry, there will be another opportunity...and then another.
@_date: 2019-08-08 02:49:12
@_date: 2019-09-02 19:32:23
Most markets including crypto spend more time down than they do up. Therefore spreading an investment over a year is more likely to be insulated from risk of buying high if you were to do a lump sum with the same amount of money. For most people, for most of the time, DCA is a good strategy. While having the money already set aside is technically DCA, I think this is just financial semantics when it comes to performance. If biweekly, you spread $15 across the next 15 days prior to your next paycheck, that’s still DCA. Am I missing something?
@_date: 2019-05-24 15:16:18
John Oliver put it best. 
It takes everything you don’t know about money and combines it with everything you don’t know about technology.
@_date: 2019-05-20 14:42:24
I agree with this response so I won’t repeat what you said. 
I’ll add that right now bitcoin is at +/-3.78% inflation, nearly double that of USD. This halving brings the inflation rate down to a number close or below that of  the USD for the first time (+/-1.8%). I believe the 2024 halving could be the most significant yet because at that point we’ll be under 1%. With that logic the only other deflationary asset designed as a currency/SOV in the top 20 that reaches inflation rates below 1% in the next 5 years is monero in December of 2021.
Edit : I’ll add that my point about inflation is more about demand than supply. I believe we’re largely where we are today because btc is establishing itself as a store of value and this is experiencing the largest network effect of all potential use cases. Once it crosses over fiat and subsequently golds inflation rates, that’s a significant moment in which the total addressable market expands to become larger than golds + all other stores of wealth. 
*this ignores all other factors of value of which there are infinite (check out the video I posted on modeling the price of bitcoin). I just believe that we’re still here largely because of deflation, and the crossover dates are therefore very important.
@_date: 2019-05-24 15:09:37
There is room for a public store of value that’s deflationary (BTC) and a private store of value that’s deflationary (XMR). 
There’s also room for private transactional coins (GRIN) that have inflation rates which deter hoarding and encourage spending.
Each offers a different value proposition which cannot be met if you try to offer all value propositions. Therefore, someone needs to dominate each category. 
As of today:
-Bitcoin is the public SOV market chosen winner
-Monero is the private SOV market chosen winner
-Grin is TBD since it’s highly experimental though promising.
@_date: 2019-05-23 13:19:53
I’m really curious what the history books will reference when it comes to crypto-economics and technicals. James was such an early educator that I feel he has a place in crypto history yet very few people really know who he is today.
@_date: 2019-05-23 15:47:41
On twitter he’s shifted his energy towards opposing corporate lobbyists and advocating for legislation transparency. I don’t follow his current work but it seems to me he’s just moved on to other subjects that are equally important / fascinating to him.
But yes I don’t doubt that he did well, and he certainly should have. I believe he was the first person to build and publicly explain a mathematical / financial model for valuing bitcoin - and showed how reasonably you can come up with a $50k or $100k bitcoin. I think that was a monumental video and I posted it a week or two ago.