@_author: retiredat22
@_date: 2019-07-23 00:32:29
Well my folks see it as a volatile gamble and avoid all gambles so they are out
My peers say it’s a nice tech but wouldn’t sell holdings to get in
My wife’s friends are all in huge loss from shit coins 
My neighbours couldn’t give a fuck think it’s a huge scam after some friend / relative lost huge amounts in bear market
Honestly it’s like a joke or bad smell of you bring up crypto. Plus the electricity usage is the latest point they drive home. I find it hard to debate because they just rip on it so hard especially now trump has given his opinion.
It’s basically considered fools gold in my area (medium to high net worth families)
@_date: 2019-07-23 00:17:14
Pretty much what everyone says in my family ‘just send a bank wire don’t do that computer coin garbage I want the amount you are sending’ was the last time I offered... I have no comeback because when I say it’s the future of money they all rip me and laugh about how much it swings and isn’t a real currency just a stupid scam... sucks but honestly this is how non computer real estate investment types see it.
I suggested at Christmas putting some gold holdings into BTC and it has become this constant point of tease even though it made huge gains since then. Gold is up over 1400 and ‘not volatile’ so they keep making fun of it. Everyone tells me it’s fools gold and I should buy some blue chips or land and stop playing with crypto.
@_date: 2019-07-30 00:08:20
As a store owner who can accept 5%+ swings on their return .. credit card remittance is still lower fee then downside risk of btc.. it’s volatility is the antithesis - traders want to moon but adoption wants stability.
@_date: 2019-07-09 13:01:05
Cool albeit incredibly unimpressive when compared with any stock especially emerging markets - start at pennies now dollars and don’t have the volatility. Everyone happy now it’s back up but remember when it was near 3k ... this stat was still true but the pain was real
@_date: 2019-07-15 15:46:45
Trading on panic, hope and fear is how to go broke
@_date: 2019-08-17 11:41:29
Well they just buy gold and cash it out abroad usually, they do it all the time it’s also cultural to hold gold and right now is a special day to burn paper symbols of gold coins and bars etc for prosperity. This protest is hkd not cny so some huge confusion from reporter also. They can withdraw all Hong Kong dollar (hkd) they like it has no affect on markets as Hong Kong is a hugely affluent trading center and is very liquid with far more corporate liquidity than retail deposits.
There are huge limits on CNY access from foreigners but internally they can access gold and stock markets so seems a non story.
@_date: 2019-08-22 03:19:18
Hope you tell them how to use a stop loss
@_date: 2019-08-09 12:54:39
Bullshit - I don’t give a fuck about degrees I need experience. If you coming with degrees it’s a red flag because you ain’t been in the work force and are a virgin to hard work just a book worm with a big debt. Get real hardly any owners bother with finishing university just get stuck in and use the time for networking must drop out after first year.
@_date: 2019-08-18 09:35:09
I know a man who still holds bitconnect and gold he bought for 1700 at the peak. He won’t sell because he believes he will profit one day or that it will come back. He is just a believer but trust me I have beaten him hand over fist countless times because he will not learn to short and never cuts a looser. That has cost him tens of thousands and he has averaged down and I know his count is in the red over 100k now. Don’t do this if you are not a millionaire just don’t do it even if you are a millionaire it’s fucking insanity worse then paying taxes in Europe.
@_date: 2019-08-09 01:40:25
Everyone happy now but when it hits a low let’s see what they say then. Last article was proud it’s worth more than Lao kip. Last time I was in Lao I needed over a million Lao kip to buy a coffee. News is sensationalising really mundane facts. As soon as it sells off it will be irrelevant again. It will sell off. Nothing trades at 4 times the cost of production with stability. The large day ranges are because this is the market topping out. Moon boys will get a serious reality check soon, especially El Pomp and Novogratz - who has gained excessive weight during this time and looks like he aged a decade also. Pomp will loose his mind when it dumps, and Kieser well he’s just full of shit no matter what he will put some spin on it - tv pays him not BTC.
@_date: 2019-08-09 12:52:32
Try working in computers or tech - u have to be self taught to be at the front of the industry and it’s desirable to be a drop out. Look at all the drop outs who focused on tech not school.
There’s a reason I retired at 22. I quit school at 14 and got my first job as a data entry clerk at 15 then worked my way up to partner and sold at 21. You probably think bitcoin is the only way to riches but truth is bitcoin didn’t exist for most people they did it on their own will. Wake up and be realistic on your life. 
A good farmer I know was a millionaire by 20 because he just focused on farming and selling his produce and scale scale scale. School doesn’t teach you this because all teachers are just wash ups who took a easy job with a long summer holiday and great pensions I know both my parents are teachers as is my sister, the world of business was too much for them rather have a long holiday and pension instead of trying something out.
@_date: 2019-08-09 12:15:19
Never went to 20k it touched 19k for a moment. Get real.
Going by your comparisons you clearly have a very flimsy grasp of trading and the financial markets. If your reasoning is purely based on this it’s no wonder there are so many morons in the crypto markets. You are a prime example of the kind of retail fish that they dump on.
As the British say - what has it got to do with the price of fish? Trump and the Church is completely irrelevant weak analogy and a logical fallacy you bring in trying to make an argument from fallacy.
Essentially by your logical methods just because something happened that is shocking it will happen again.
Regardless of actual economical fact and basic common sense. This is exactly why the crypto markets are a huge pump and dump and why people are so eager to sell their myths and hypes because unqualified investors fall for it hook line and sinker.
I really cannot wish you enough good luck and I truly hope you are managing your risk appropriately and will not go rekt on bitcoin.
Don’t put it on cold storage in the ground use a stop loss and trade wisely. My good friend has lost around 80% of his position by listening to clowns on these forums. He has 10,000 BTC on cold storage and never sold the peak held it for two years and now is finally using a bloody stop loss and can sleep again. 
Right now in terms of probability bitcoin is closer to mean reversal than a new high and the odds to short are better then long because it is far away from its 200 daily moving average which is flawless in its pricing. Furthermore the cost of production is roughly 1 to 5k dependent on energy and investment method. Let that sink in for a moment. It’s obviously massively overpriced and in a auction frenzy (madness of crowds, greater fool trade) 
Tread carefully. It will undoubtedly end at near to cost of production if not lower. The market is a VIX index for retail fools who don’t know economics, they buy it out of fear and won’t sell it. Listen to a real economist discuss bitcoin someone with a high net worth and you will understand what type of investment it is.
Don’t listen to pomp and kieser they are conflicted people with their careers on the line as is mcafee a washed up schmuck with more money then sense who failed at the most basic of life’s requirements - to be a father and venerable husband. Don’t take life advice from me go seek it yourself with the blinkers off. Rant over. I really wish you the best - I hope you are profitable and I write this because I love everyone and seen people close to suicide from bitcoin. As I know some have already taken their lives from this stupid coin.
@_date: 2019-08-21 16:25:45
Roubini says bullshit
@_date: 2019-08-18 09:31:20
Time is a valuable asset. You cannot get a replay on a minute of it. Your life is a finite timeline.
Start to value your true asset over speculative bids and see the truth in investing. Time is a huge factor and I will show you why.
If you buy any stock or item, including BTC. Two years ago. Sold your item when price appreciated and then entered the same market on a low and repeated you will have made repeated gains and made optimal usage of your key finite asset - time.
Alternatively if you buy, hold and keep holding past the appreciation event horizon to the point where the event is over and time has fleeted and you are now holding a position that is in a loss and are waiting for it. You have used your time in the least optimal way as you are now investing more time then required to produce return.
So ultimately holding your item past it’s appreciation apex is detrimental and would be better to cut losses before spending more time on managing it.
In the most simple terms you hold a perishable item that can rot, albeit it’s a strange item that may possibly grow roots and regenerate to make many more of its same. Although you have no guarantee on this and no insurance. That’s why you should sell and buy regularly in order to ensure you have not missed your event horizon.
In the case of meat or fruit you have some days from harvest to retail otherwise you have total loss and can just eat it or compost it for plant food or maybe use as a pet food if it’s edible still.
With bitcoin you have numbers. Think about that. It’s like holding an option - as time decays the price could possibly become worthless. Don’t hold onto a dead trade in hope - don’t trade in fear - first page of the master commodity traders course and very true to any market.
@_date: 2019-08-03 12:50:55
25bps cut after a whole year of tightening is hardly anything to trade on. Many Asian funds have played it hoping for deeper cuts and now been given a serious dose of reality + going back on trade deal agreements has meant huge tariffs added.
All in all with Britain looking to open 10 new Freeport’s available for international freight and with new trade deal with trump and Johnson it will be very bullish. Rothschild target 1.5 and over for gbpusd rates. It would be foolish to concern over a low that was hit I. 2016 at the first sound of no deal - the market has priced it already at 1.2 and we will build from here.
For bitcoin ultimately it is a VIX like market that spikes on political turmoil and then reverts rapidly to cost of production give or take ten or so percent. Obviously it has a great story from a mere few cent to thousands of dollars. But the case for higher all time highs is admittedly foolhardy as we have seen price action become incredibly volatile with huge day range swings of over a Troy ounce of gold.. over around 10k this begins and is indicative of a market top.
For example if trading a commodity such as corn or wheat we see a top come with explosive demand followed by large swings and uncertainty on direction - before a lul back into fair prices as suppliers flood market.
It’s natural the same will happen to BTC, which in turn would kill most alts who are already a few sats above zero.
I believe a recession would certainly bring buyers to BTC and agree in the hypothesis of a safe haven risk off asset - albeit one that is mostly popular with non billion holders and retail investors and that is overly fraught with hype and deregulation being it’s antithesis - volatility brings traders whilst making large net worth managers adverse
@_date: 2019-08-21 16:32:57
Put yourself in the shoes of a biz owner. Some dude asks to pay with some new tech that is confusing as fuck, highly controversial and has price swings of 10% a day. 
In retail you are selling a product for mark up of maybe 10% but often much less. Credit cards already cut into your margin. 
Why would accepting a new cutting edge tech that moves in huge swings and is very uncertain be a good idea?
Bitcoin isn’t a currency, it’s a tech that became a get rich quick scheme for people who don’t want to work or who don’t understand the financial markets or a combination of both (often with a penchant for ponzi style investments) 
You are annoyingly un-selfaware and will cringe hard at this phase in your life when u realise bitcoin is not going to work out
@_date: 2019-08-20 15:16:27
@_date: 2019-08-19 08:09:25
Because they don’t want to time the market and just want to hold and hope it goes higher. It’s the ultimate greater fool trade.
@_date: 2019-08-18 09:39:20
Have you ever thought that it’s due to players leaving the market via the same proxy they entered? Rejection at the 50% from all time high when price rises from a far low is statistically solid to go all in with a loose stop as this is one of the only market conditions that gives a short an edge.