@_author: retired26
@_date: 2018-10-17 05:58:02
[Kareem Serageldin]( this poor bastard was the scapegoat for understated losses that totaled tens of billions of dollars...
30-months for overseeing the understatement of 100million in losses related to the credit crisis.
The world is going to look at this guy in a textbook and wonder why everyone made such a fuss over 100million dollars, 25 million of which he actually repaid to the bank.
Meril Lynch, on the other hand, lost so much fucking money that the 4.5 billion (with a B) in losses they initially stated was so outrageous that they had to be telling the truth, right? 
“Oh, did we say 4b? We meant 8 billion, sorry I didn’t have my notes with me when I wrote that.”
What about [John Thain]( the Meril Lynch (now BOA) exec at the time?
Cit Group has seen John Thain fit to carry the fiduciary burden that, as one of the board of directors, requires him to act in the best interests of the stock holders.
Hey, Instead of prison, why don’t we just sentence pyros to work as firefighters?
I’ll also throw in this little snippet from Eric Holder, then US attorney general...
He did bitch out on the statement later, as it likely a bunched a ton of political panties. 
 “I am concerned that the size of some of these institutions becomes so large that it does become difficult for us to prosecute them when we are hit with indications that if we do prosecute — if we do bring a criminal charge — it will have a negative impact on the national economy, perhaps even the world economy.”...
I put it here for no other reason than, as a law student, it’s nice to find out that I hold the same sentiment as the guy Barry O saw fit to serve.
Thanks for the reminder about him- I hadn’t read that article (see “Kareem” link) before today. The way the whole thing played out is truly fascinating in retrospect.
Edit: More cell phone grammar
@_date: 2018-10-16 18:45:40
The operative word though is can-
A publicly traded company can be held accountable in a number of ways that are not of any real concern to them or their bottom line.
Write millions or mortgages to Americans w credit on the level of an 18 year old with their first credit card- cause an economic crash to which the effect are felt around the world?
-  “Congratulations bank, you have the world by the balls. We have no choice but to bail you out... but don’t do it again- Because well just have to do it again. “
Can you tell me the criminal results of the housing  market crash?
Actively ignore the transfer of the hundreds of millions/billions of dollars around the globe that allows criminal organizations dealing drugs, terror, and/or sex trafficking.
- ”Hey, stop... pay this fine that is on par with a swear jar in terms of retribution for passively causing murder, overdose, and human slavery.”
- “Ugh, ok. Well try to get better at ignorance.”
Can you tell me who, from any bank has felt the wrath of the law from this?
Ignore a glaring hole in your security, which is then responsible for releasing the private information of just about every single American with a store credit card. THEN delay the disclosing of the breach to those millions of people who are now vulnerable so the execs can liquidate their stocks before the price comes crashing down.
- “Do better Equifax”
- “We will attempt to do better.”
Anybody that made millions from insider trading expected to even be removed from from the industry there?
When your publicly traded corporation has gotten so big that it’s failure would have devastating implications on people way across the world can you really be held accountable?
There are valid arguments against cryptocurrency and it’s world wide use, and banks do serve a purpose. But a technology is not half as vulnerable to corruption as a human CEO.
The criminal utilization of crypto does not serve an argument in favor of the bank b/c those people, if caught, are far more likely to be subject to legal ramifications. Conversely, A bank’s criminal facilitation of the same sort for all intents and purposes- is subject to a slap on the wrist.
So while they can be held accountable, how would you do it without inflicting that pain on the people to whom justice is supposedly being served?
Edit: some cell phone grammar
@_date: 2018-10-23 10:12:54
There is virtually no foreseeable future where debt does not exist- fiat, cryptocurrency, or otherwise.
Mortgages? As opposed to likely paying more in rent than you would a monthly mortgage. And, the added perk that you get to keep it after X number of years depending on your diligence and if you bought a home within your means.
Car loans- maybe. Public transpo might be more economical, but not buy much in the long run w/ a reliable and affordable used car. Bikes are great if you happen to live in one of the few places where you won’t either freeze/melt/or get rained on every other day &amp; your inside of 10 miles.
Consumerism- Also required for a healthy economy. 
Student loans- depends. Want to earn a theatre degree from a college that costs 50K a year? Whose fault is it that those people might have to call their parents roommates for 25 years. Get a usable degree and then go chase your theatre dreams, or do the reverse order. An actting/finance/engineering degree from an affordable state school, or the first half completed at a city college and then the affordable state school, will at least afford you the ability to move out of your moms basement- I say “you” as a general term, not hurling insults here. Point is The lifetime earnings still outweighs the costs if not done like a child w unrealistic dreams of running an abstract art studio. Also very acceptable to learn a trade- “everybody poops” and everybody needs a plumber because if it.
In general:
If your gunna spend money on it anyway- house, car,monthly bills, etc. do it with someone else’s money (the banks) and pay them back like an adult. 
The trick is not spend 300k just cause the bank said you could. And don’t buy shit that has no value to you beyond personal enjoyment if you can’t afford to pay cash for it- 
but if you can afford it- use someone else’s money in case life decides to have its way with you the next day. Or again vice-versa w/ the credit you have built from responsibly paying back the money you have borrowed in the past.
Enjoy life within you’re means &amp; stash some away for when you’re too old to work.
debt is unlikely to be the cause of any possible ruin you might incur. credit cards/mortgages/student loans are mutually beneficial to the parties involved if used correctly. The absence of debt allowance is to hurt, very badly, those who know how to use it responsibly. 
And if there is any notion that a crypto might replace any general standard of fiat- it is absolutely impossible without a viable means of granting credit to those who prove themselves responsible enough to pay it back.
@_date: 2017-09-04 22:22:57
As opposed what exactly? Hoping it remains the same price? The consequences: either bitcoin lost the crypto game or fiat continues its reign on the world and our coins don't keep up with inflation... yeah the price posts are over board and the "should I invest now or wait"(the answer in this sub will always be a resounding yes no matter what it's doing) questions need to just need to gtfo... the point is the price game and the hodling to use in the future are binary goals that rely totally on each other. The losers are the short term ones who blow their load at 10k to purchase some new shit they couldn't otherwise afford and get left in bitcoins dust with a fiat that is becoming increasingly worthless, and the ones who sell at loss because they didn't make the quick profit they were hoping for both of which will/must be weeded out anyway for Bitcoin to stabilize at any point in the next decade.
@_date: 2017-09-05 00:18:15
This question is asked daily... yes man. The answer in this sub is yes regardless of what Bitcoin is doing. Just sort new for Christmas sake... you might get a different answer in 15 years when we're all off enjoying our lives instead of checking for insight into the 17th dip of the day.