@_author: retrokid
@_date: 2015-08-27 15:39:41
"The most important invention in the history of the world since the internet itself."
So *in the history of the world*... in the last few decades?
@_date: 2010-12-11 11:31:34
Interesting concept.
A weakness could be that you probably should only trust those met and known in meatspace. It would be easy for an Anon to "run away" with money, if too much credit is given, but with too little credit, I don't see the value of this system.
Maybe if the credit was backed up by real money in an escrow service somewhere... then trust would be a much smaller issue.
@_date: 2015-04-25 06:08:09
Bitcoin isn't regulated. You can send as much Bitcoin to whatever address you want.  
  
This is an EXCHANGE, this has to do with interfacing Bitcoin with the existing $ financial system. Of course there has to be some sort of compliance. The regulation is on $, not BTC. Don't be silly.
@_date: 2013-03-24 17:36:45
@_date: 2013-04-09 10:05:59
Sorry this turned out so long, but I really really really think it is worth the read.
Take the below with a grain of salt. I am fairly new to all this, and I may have some details wrong, but this is the picture in general as I understand it:
In the U.S., banks are insured by the government up to $250,000 per account per bank.
That's why you will see the letters FDIC at banks: 
This was put in place during the Great Depression of the 1930's.
What had happened was that the stock market crashed and there was a so-called "run on the banks". Everyone wanted to take all their money out of the banks at the same time.
This was a problem because our banking system is what is called "fractional reserve banking"... meaning only a fraction of the money is actually there on reserve in the bank. They can't give everyone their money back all at once. The FDIC was created to insure that everyone can get up to $250,000 back if things would go downhill.
The banks are gambling that not everyone will want all their money at the same time. So they lend some out to collect interest on it and profit (mortgages, investments, etc.).
This all works fine normally. I have a mortgage with the bank. They actually bought my house with other people's money. ALL Those people almost surely won't need to withdraw ALL their money at the same time, so it is a safe purchase for the bank. I will repay the mortgage+interest. That interest goes towards bank profits (and salaries+operating costs), and also as interest on all the savings and checking accounts people have with the bank... which is part of the reason people use banks: to collect interest on their money.
Now interest is at an all-time low. You see interest rates of 0.4%... this doesn't even keep up with inflation. Basically, you are losing buying power year-over-year by having it sit in a bank account.
This is pretty much set by the feds. They want to encourage spending. Low interest rates do encourage spending, as your $1000 is worth more now than it will be a year from now due to inflation and low interest rates.
They do this, because if noboy is spending the economy crashes... then people are more afraid to spend, companies have to lay people off, as they are not making any profits, people don't have jobs, spend even less, even more people lose their jobs... you see the cycle.
The economy is good if the money is circulating. If money-flow comes to a grinding halt, that is bad. That's what happened when the housing bubble burst in 2008-2009. People got scared and the economy tanked (that is a generalization, there were many factors, but that was one of them).
So why is there inflation? Why does the dollar lose its value year after year? Because we keep printing more and more of it. The more there is, the less value each existing dollar has.
Why do we print more and more each year? Certain economic schools of thought, such as the Keynesian believes small amounts of inflation is necessary for a healthy economy. But hyperinflation is bad. Post-WWII Hungary experience hyperinflation. You stood in line to buy bread in the morning, and by the time you got to the front of the line, 1 month's salary wasn't enough to buy the bread. Rapid devaluation of the currency. But small amounts of inflation is generally considered OK.
This is where Bitcoin comes in. There is a set maximum. Once it reaches 21 million, there is no more. You can't just print more. There is no inflation. The Austrian economic model thinks this is the best solution.
However the danger with this is hyperdeflation. Value rising uncontrollably. Why is that a problem? Well, why would I spend my Bitcoin today, when it will be worth so much more tomorrow? People stop spending, money stops flowing, the economy grinds to a halt. Also, with deflation, people's nominal wages get cut (similar to how people's wages get nominally larger each year... 3% to keep up with inflation... you are getting more money... but the same buying power), you would get less money with the same buying power, but people still wouldn't like to get less money even if it is worth the same as last year's salary.
Whether small inflation or small deflation is better remains to be seen.
However with Bitcoin, the government can't just take it from you. It's like cash under your mattress. Except the cash under your mattress is susceptible to inflation when the government decides to just print a bunch more money to pay off its debts.
That should be enough to show you why so many people think Bitcoin is 'the next big thing'. (Plus it's quasi-anonymous and fast, and we don't have to pay crazy bank transfer fees, and we can send money to anyone across the world.)
Only invest what you can afford to lose.
@_date: 2013-04-05 12:29:19
A hit to the head could cause amnesia, or a coma.
Death could result in losing the coins and they would not be able to be passed on to loved ones.
Have a plan B!
@_date: 2013-04-09 08:18:57
Cyprus was in deep financial trouble, and in order to keep the country from going under completely, they imposed a 20% "one-time tax" on all bank accounts over 100,000 Euros or Dollars.
Basically taking people's money straight out of their bank account.
People were also limited to how much money they could withdraw per day to avoid a run on the banks.
Arguably, this was the best solution, as the accounts were only insured to 100,000 Euros/Dollars (similar to the FDIC $250,000 here in the US), and if they hadn't done that then everybody would have lost a lot more money due to the banks and economy collapsing completely, so this way at least most of the money was left in tact.
Also Cyprus was a tax haven for many money launderers, tax evaders and the Russian mafia.
Being a libertarian, in principle, I think it is awful that the government can just take their money like that, I can understand that possibly that was the best solution.
Bitcoin however makes such a government raiding of funds impossible, and that is part of the "magic" of Bitcoin: people's money is their OWN. And I can get behind that!
@_date: 2013-04-09 09:10:31
Thank you for the .gifs, kind sir! GoT and dancing lobsters are always a win in my book!
Yeah, Cyprus is in the Eurozone, so problems there can ripple throughout all the countries that use the Euro... There have been fears of the Euro collapsing for a while now.
Bitcoin is widely considered anti-fragile (it gains from disorder), and is a good bet against fiat monies.
Only invest what you can afford to lose, though. The world still runs on fiat.
