@_author: returnoftentacle
@_date: 2016-07-02 11:45:20
Copy formula all the way down assuming price was 500 on that day.  If excel has a auto updated rate reference, u can replace the 500 value with the reference value.
Heres another more precise way;
Follow these steps:
Find a site that has the dynamic data you are looking for. Let's use Bitstamp.
Copy the data that you want and paste it into excel. You can't miss the current price right at the top.
After you paste it into excel the little paste options icon will popup next to it. Click it then select Refreshable Web Query.
A new window will popup that will load the whole page. You might get some script errors; you can ignore those.
The window directs you to click the arrow icon next to the table that you want to import. Unfortunately, with BitStamp, the only option is the whole page. Click the arrow then click import.
Excel will now import a load of data from the webpage. The second cell is the one we are looking for; that is the current Bitcoin price in USD. This is where have a separate sheet for this import data is convenient.
Go to the sheet where you want to use that data and link the cell you want to the other by first clicking = then clicking the cell in the sheet with all the data from bitstamp. You will see something like =Sheet1!A2 in the formula bar.
That's all there really is to it. Microsoft has an extensive article on the topic complete with all the technical details.
@_date: 2016-07-02 03:32:01
Its a shame mycelium doesnt combine forces with current projects.  I notice mycelium has a lot of new ideas but rarely take them thru to launch and mass adoption.
For something like tumbling, the market seems practically empty of working solutions right now.  Wouldnt it make more sense to take a solution like joinmarket and polish it up since its pretty far along?  Then later in year go into a competing solution?
I hope mycelium succeeds but its frustrating to see all these little projects spawn into little groups and compete when nothing fully works in this field yet..
@_date: 2016-07-01 03:06:15
Most popular wa;;et apps do this but electrum is probably the easiest to manage.
It starts with an xpub key and then the addresses are contained within that.
For a storefront. U really want to have some plugin or script that determines a new, unique, clean payment address per order.  If u know what ur doing most storefronts would have specific payment protocol methods that u can leverage thru a payment gateway.  It just depends on what ur storefront is going to be run off.  And it definitely takes some web dev understanding.  id be careful here because this is ur mew weak spot for losing money.  U need this piece to be super secure otherwise a hacker can probe ur storefront and start stealing money with relative ease.