@_author: return_of_the_yeti
@_date: 2013-12-09 20:03:27
I think the Market cap is "advertised" because this little graphic is not meant to be an attack on Bitcoin, just showing a few key differences between the two. I like that it was included. Then again, I like QRK so I must be a scamcoin loving tard!
@_date: 2013-12-04 18:26:20
Now this, my friends, is comedy. 
  
  This guy spends his days on Twitter spouting negative propaganda against Quark and other alts, then turns around and pumps Zetacoin like it's the 2nd coming of Satoshi. I have no dog in this fight, as my portfolio is strictly BTC for now, but to put any stock into what this guy says is a huge mistake. Also this whole "Quarktards took down my site" argument is really pathetic and gives us valuable insight into how delusional this guy is. He's screaming "pump and dump" at all the other coins except for the ones that he's openly pumping... and soon dumping. These people are toxic to our community.
@_date: 2013-12-09 20:08:14
Everyone in here is saying it's a pre-mine, but everything I have read says there was publicly announced 6 month initial mining period where anyone with a CPU could mine as soon as the coin was released. How is that a pre-mine?
@_date: 2013-12-09 21:32:26
I agree that it's not a good thing for the coin, that's why it's very important for the people behind Quark to have a strong contingency plan for attracting miners when the incentive to mine deteriorates. As I said before, I think substantial transaction fees could bring in a lot of miners. If I'm not mistaken, the incentive to mine BTC (or any coin for that matter) will take a hit when we approach its maximum supply. Quark is no different, it's just happening much, much sooner. So they need to get moving quickly. :)
@_date: 2013-12-09 20:51:58
That's a great point and I'm glad you brought it up. I don't think Quark will end up like BTC as far as mining goes, because it has so many coins already in circulation and the incentive will only diminish (unless they implement nice transaction fees for miners). I feel like if people think it's pointless to mine it now, they probably won't be open to shelling out several thousands of dollars on efficient mining rigs when there are so few coins remaining to be mined, which is in contrast to where BTC is now.
@_date: 2013-12-09 21:37:54
Cheers! Thank you as well.
  I appreciate the silver. I only have [this piece of reddit bronze]( but I hope it finds you well.
@_date: 2013-12-09 20:28:53
[Here]( is the original announcement I believe. The date of the post is the same as the "date of announcement" on their Wikipedia. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 20:24:08
Well, for one, it wasn't premined but more "instamined" as people like to put it. There was a 6 month initial mining period where 98% of the coins will be mined. That was made clear upon the announcement of the coin, so I don't find it quite as  "scammy" as others do. Sure, I think there should be more incentive for miners to come in now and support the blockchain, and without the 98% mine that incentive would be there. This will likely be substituted by more lucrative transaction fees for future miners, but it is definitely a valid criticism of the coin.
  I like Quark for all the reasons that you listed, but even moreso for the community that has rallied around this coin. I'm not talking about the people who sit around in Trollbox and spam about QRK. I'm talking about the people on the forums who have banded together to really make this a community built coin in every way. I recommend you go and check it out just to see what people are working on. Everything from development to marketing. As we speak there are 5 or 6 teams of intelligent and talented community members all tackling a different vertical. Their enthusiasm is what has me believing that this coin could actually be something. 
  There's also an ongoing audit of the blockchain to increase transparency of Quark and just where the wealth lies. You can read all about it in the forum. It's definitely saturated in certain wallets, just like every other coin including BTC. I think it's great that over the last week, several big sell walls have been eaten up pretty quickly. Which I'll take as a sign that the early miners are selling off significant chunks to new investors and eventually shrinking the margin of wealth.
  
@_date: 2013-12-09 20:38:33
That's totally understandable. I agree that it's not good for attracting newer miners to the coin. But I would argue that bitcoin, with its increasing block difficulty and the need for expensive hardware, does not have a gentle taper on the new supply either. I can start mining Quark within 30 minutes with my CPU. There's little to no barrier to entry. I might not yield a lot as a solo miner, but there are several pools out there still mining plenty of QRK on a daily basis. If I wanted to mine Bitcoin (which some day I would like to!) I'd have to possess a good chunk of capital to buy gear and then join up with one of the "ASIC cartels" to see anything substantial.
@_date: 2013-12-09 20:40:37
[This was posted]( in today. Maybe that can give you some idea? I don't know of a calculator out there but that's a good idea!