@_author: returnofaccountt1234
@_date: 2014-08-24 22:28:27


You need to stop using this term "statist", it's a slur. Nobody self-identifies as a "statist", it's some strawman libertarians came up with. It implies that we want the government to decide for us how to live, while in reality we simply don't want the whole world to be owned and controlled by a tiny number of multinational corporations and their aristocratic shareholders.
It's not that we oppose freedom. It's simply that we believe that the libertarian free-market fetishism would take away what little freedom we have. We'd rather have a government that preserves our freedom, than to be at the mercy of giant corporations and wealthy elites. For you to call us "statists" makes us much sense as for us to call you "corporatists".
We like having a minimum wage that prevents people from being exploited by billionaires. We like having a 40 hour work week that prevents people from having no freedom to live their lives and be with their families. We like having basic healthcare.
We like having environmental standards that prevent our children from growing up with brain damage because we are too poor to live in neighborhoods where the air isn't poisoned with lead and mercury and other toxins.
For most of us who are not part of the 1%, government policies don't take away our freedom, they give us freedom. Freedom not to spend our lives as slaves of an international cartel of plutocrats.
@_date: 2014-08-30 03:53:01
This is really distasteful.
@_date: 2014-08-25 00:23:00


It's easy to call something voluntary when you're rich enough to have an alternative. For plenty of people, their options are between "minimum wage serfdom" and "going hungry".


-[Nestlé kills an estimated 1.5 million babies every year, by selling infant formula to women in places where they don't have safe drinking water.]( They dress their sales people up as nurses, send them into third world hospitals and hand over infant formula to women there, that last just long enough for them to feed their children until their own breasts stop lactating and they're forced to stick to Nestlé's infant formula.
-[200,000 Americans die every year from air pollution.]( Globally the estimate lies at 7 million people every year.
-[Worldwide, 5 million people die every year from smoking tobacco.]( [Tobacco was marketed to us by corporations that knowingly lied to us about the effects it has on our health.](
-[300,000 Americans die every year from obesity related health issues.]( [30-35% of cases of cancer are due to our poor diet.]( How are corporations responsible for this? Well, [when they teach people in restaurants to change our mind when we want tap water]( [when they lobby against food regulations for children]( and use toys to market junk food and candy to children, they're setting us up for a lifetime of poor health.
@_date: 2014-08-25 01:02:36


No, instead, people were scammed into seeing their own children die before their eyes for the sake of profit. I'm not interested in having a society where people use psychological techniques to sell you products that will kill your children.


Well actually, the regulations have been very effective. Compared to 1970, lead pollution in the air has gone down by 98%, fine particulate matter has gone down too.
[Five months of life expectancy have been added between 1980 and 2000 from reduced pollution.](


Is it still voluntary, when the tobacco industry teaches you that smoking tobacco is healthy? [More doctors smoke Camels than any other cigarette!](


Even when they artificially add ingredients that are known to be addictive?