@_author: reubgr
@_date: 2017-10-19 13:21:15
The purpose of colored coins was to associate arbitrary data with parts of tokens (e.g. Bitcoin) so that the tokens could represent other things, like ownership of another asset. For example, "blue" coins might represent ownership of something that is stock in a corporation, or another new token. As I understand it, using a smart contract (for example one that conforms to the ERC20 standard) on top of  Ethereum and other more general purpose blockchains (e.g. NEO, Lisa, EOS, QTUM, etc) have become the more popular means of accomplishing this goal. As far as I know, there isn't as much interest, focus, or investment in the colored coins approach as there was initially because of better competing approaches. But it may still hold promise, for example to allow use of bitcoin or other non-general purpose blockchains if that is important to the developer (for example, because the developer thinks that Bitcoin is more immutable in practice than other blockchains). 
@_date: 2011-03-15 21:56:24
Ha! I've never heard that expression before. I was expecting that some people who use Bitcoin to get drugs on Silk Road or otherwise, trade in illegal porn, or launder money would select that category. Some recent legal scholarship touches upon those kinds activities in digital currencies.
Believe it or not, there are more than 0 votes for that category.
@_date: 2011-04-21 02:58:45
Why would the federal government collapse if bitcoin succeeds? No reason they can't exist side by side. Also, bitcoin being outlawed might cause the currency to fail because of a crisis of confidence, but that's somewhat speculative.
@_date: 2011-07-19 23:15:14
I think that many users do have that particular political bent. However, I think there are also many people who aren't strictly libertarians and use bitcoin because they think they can make money as investors or traders or because they are interested in the technical aspects. My guess is that people in these latter categories are more likely to have more traditional political views (e.g., democrat or republican). On the bitcoin forums, it certainly feels like most of the posters are libertarians / anarchists, but that's probably not a representative sample. 
@_date: 2011-08-31 00:15:08
This is old, recycled garbage. Why post about this now? This has nothing to do with legitimate alternative currencies and everything to do with Von NotHaus's intentionally misleading people with coins that he implies were backed by the US (they weren't) and whose face value was significantly higher than their precious metal value. I spoke to the prosecutor several months ago, after the conviction, and confirmed that this had nothing to do with a private currency. See my paper on ssrn (just google bitcoin ssrn) and search to find the detailed section that I wrote about this saga. 
I don't know why bitcoin supporters, private currency supporters, or libertarians keep on defending what he did and using the prosecution as an example of a government conspiracy and fear of competing currencies. There was poorly used language in the press, releases, yes, but it makes sense given the context: NotHaus was foisting his coins as a direct substitute for dollars without letting many people know that his money was different. Yes, there were people who knew what it was all about, but they are besides the point. He was no different than a common counterfeiter, or, as some overzealous prosecutors might say, a financial domestic terrorist. 
@_date: 2011-04-23 03:37:16
Not sure why you are defining 'success' so narrowly. It assumes away coexistence of bitcoin and USD. Nevertheless, even in a situation where bitcoin becomes the primary currency, why would the USD "collapse"? 
@_date: 2011-06-23 22:00:28
I found little of value in that article. Its analysis of legal tender and the relationship of legal tender to the legal ability to create currency has no basis in law (in the U.S.). "Legal tender" is merely what must be accepted for debts (and taxes). Just because something is not legal tender doesn't mean it's illegal to create it. The quote from the "FBI" (in reality from the DOJ) is taken out of context -- it refers to Bernard von Nothaus's creation of coins that looked so much like U.S. coins that they fooled and defrauded people who had no idea that they were not actual U.S. coins (and contained metal worth less than the values stamped on their face would suggest).
I covered this aspect of Bitcoin's legality in my paper (
I don't know if the analysis of European issues is correct, but the way the article approaches legal analysis on the U.S. side makes me skeptical of any conclusions.
The only thing that I agree with is that bitcoin is in a legal gray area.
@_date: 2011-04-26 18:48:10
I don't think it is difficult to tax bitcoin deals. There are already tax rules, I believe, for calculating the tax liabilities of transactions made in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a practical matter, I guess it may be more difficult to trace bitcoin transactions, but I don't think that's a big deal. First, most people pay taxes willingly -- at a rate much higher than one would expect if everyone was rationally calculating the probability of being caught and the resulting penalties. Although the bitcoin community probably has a disproportionate number of anti-government, tax-hating individuals (who probably evaded taxes even long before they owned any bitcoins), that is unlikely to be the case if bitcoin garners a much more significant user base. 
Secondly, transactions don't need to be traceable to enforce the tax laws in a reasonable way. Businesses generally advertise themselves in some way; if a bitcoin-using business files no returns or files returns that indicate no taxes are due, an audit would probably find underpaid taxes and require the payment of past taxes due plus penalties (and also criminal sanctions in some situations).
@_date: 2011-04-24 16:04:08
How would the poker site shutdowns cause a spike in bitcoin value? (I'm not disagreeing with you -- I'm just honestly curious).
@_date: 2011-04-24 18:26:26
Interesting, thanks. 
@_date: 2011-05-13 13:21:57
I am using DiabloMiner and can't seem to get connected. I created an account and a worker. I am running the command "./DiabloMiner-OSX.sh -u myusername -p mypass --url  -r 8337"
I get the following error after it finds my GPU: ERROR: Can't connect to Bitcoin: Bitcoin returned unparsable JSON
EDIT:Nevermind. Got it working. Changed --url to -o and got rid of the http:
"./DiabloMiner-OSX.sh -u myusername -p mypass -o mtred.com -r 8337"
@_date: 2011-06-03 15:15:08
Have you tried posting on the bitcoin forums? You could post in some older threads about Mt Gox issues or create a new one. I believe the Mt. Gox owner reads the threads and responds to problems there too.
@_date: 2011-04-26 04:18:24
I think this has to be read in context of what this section of the agreement is trying to accomplish - preventing a user from trying to screw with mybitcoin or the bitcoin network in order to get butcoins that such a user doesn't own. I don't think this is intended to mean - and probably wouldnt be interpreted to mean by a court - that you can't tinker with your own version of a bitcoin client, add features through git to the official client, propose changes to the bitcoin protocol, etc. I agree that the section is poorly worded and should be fixed but is probably no reason for panic. (I am not a lawyer but am a law student. This is not legal advice - just my opinion). 
@_date: 2011-05-05 22:12:37
The link has an extra period at the end. It should be: 
Just sent 0.3 btc.
@_date: 2011-06-22 18:44:29
That's a good point. Has mtgox said anything about the impact of money that was withdrawn?
@_date: 2011-04-21 02:49:50
You are probably right that like Bittorrent, bitcoin may be impervious to certain kinds of legal attack. However, that doesn't mean that whether it is legal or not doesn't matter. It's legality will probably significantly affect demand for bitcoin and therefore its value over the long term. Furthermore, if it's illegal, there will be a real limit to the kinds of goods and services that you will be able to buy. Even if there are providers, transaction costs will be high, as they are now. (Consider the transaction costs involved in getting some particular good that you want: you need to go to the bitcoin trade wiki page, see if there is a merchant, see if they have that good, go to the otc marketplace, bidding pond, etc..).
@_date: 2011-06-22 17:14:02
A "run" makes sense in the context of fractional reserve banking. Banks generally keep less money in their vaults than they owe. When a run begins, people withdraw because they believe others are withdrawing enough to make the bank insolvent.
In what form could there be a "run" here? Mt. Gox isn't officially a fractional reserve bank.
I don't doubt that people will withdraw BTC from mtgox in droves. However, that is mostly because they don't trust mtgox to keep their money safe at this point and not necessarily because they believe that MtGox has less BTC at hand than they owe. In any case, even if people believe that, there won't be a "run" unless Mt. Gox actually does have less BTC than they owe account holders. I doubt that's the case but I could be wrong.
@_date: 2011-07-19 17:55:34
Those look good except the the bottom three are all ambiguous (price at time of the agreement or on delivery? closing price or average price? are dollars acceptable in addition to bitcoins? etc.) and there would be problems unless the particular website or written contract explained in more detail.
More detail would be better and would avoid conflicts between the parties later on:
$1.50, payable exclusively in Bitcoins at the closing price on Mt. Gox (or other exchange, if necessary) on the date of [agreement / tender / actual delivery]. 
@_date: 2011-04-21 01:28:26
Sort of. It's in a chapter of the U.S. code ( that deals with counterfeiting, but it's not only limited to counterfeiting in a technical sense. Liberty Dollars were of original design (not "technically" counterfeit because they were not replicas of existing U.S. Mint created coins). However, they had so features of U.S. Mint produced coins (eagle, dollars, "god", etc...) that people were fooled into believing that they were U.S. money. In the Liberty Dollar case, NotHaus was convicted of "mak[ing]...coins of...metal...intended for use as current money...of original design..." NotHaus made and passed his coins off intending that they be used as U.S. dollars, which is obviously current money. (A number of cases define current money, but to put it shortly, it's about money that is "current" -- or generally accepted).
@_date: 2011-07-19 17:49:18
You are mistaken.
As you point out, the problem with Liberty Dollar was that its creators misled people by making the metal coins look like something the U.S. Mint would create. Had Liberty Dollars not been mistakable for US Mint creations, there would have been no problem. Having seperate contracts denominated in US Dollars but payable in market rate liberty dollars, between parties who understood that Liberty Dollar was not U.S.-created money -- would not have been problematic, especially under counterfeiting statutes.
The Liberty Dollar case is completely different than having contracts denominated in dollars but payable in bitcoins and dollars or exclusively in bitcoins. The counterfeiting statutes used against Bernard von Nothaus (the liberty dollar creator) have no application whatsoever against bitcoin since Bitcoin is not made of metal. (I explain that more in my paper on SSRN -- just google SSRN bitcoin).
@_date: 2011-04-21 01:30:20
Scrip is a good starting point, but shouldn't be the end of the analysis. There are many differences between bitcoin and scrip, as I've pointed out in another post here.
@_date: 2011-04-24 18:01:50
I do mention Linden Dollars and compare bitcoins to in-game virtual currencies in a couple of places. Since you seem to know more about LD, let me know if there's anything i've missed about them that would be relevant. 
Edit: link to my paper: 
@_date: 2011-04-21 02:41:19
No problem. I believe there were a core group of users who did know what Liberty Dollar was all about. But the problem was that it was foisted on people who didn't know. Also, fyi, there wasn't a separate charge of fraud -- it was just part of the fact pattern that motivated the prosecutors and also helped convince the jury to convict.
@_date: 2011-04-21 01:20:04
I am a 3L at a top law school and am working on a legal analysis of bitcoin. The short answer is that it is a very complicated question involving many many different laws, including ones relating to currency, banking, securities, money laundering, etc. I have not seen any compelling legal analysis about bitcoin (whether in bitcoin forums or elsewhere) so be careful about what you believe. When someone just states "bitcoin is legal" without a lick of legal analysis that person has no idea what he is talking about. 
Local currencies do provide some limited insights, but they are not completely equal to bitcoin in a large number of ways (bitcoin is meant to circulate broadly whereas local currencies are, by definition, local; bitcoin is digital and anonymous whereas local currencies are paper and usually not anonymous in the same way, etc...). The truth is that bitcoin is likely in a legal grey area in some ways, although I'm not sure if it's a grey area in ways that should worry most users yet. Still working on it.
I can tell you for sure that the Liberty Dollar situation has nothing to do with bitcoin. This is part of my paper that I already wrote, having researched the relevant statutes, indictment, jury verdict, etc. I also interviewed one of the prosecuting assistant us attorneys and also bernard Von nothaus himself. First, it's clear that the specific statutes don't apply because they are limited to metal coins, as  points out.. Second, the case wasn't about the legality of alternative currencies, but instead counterfeiting and fraud. Nothaus and his crew mislead many people into believing that Liberty Dollars were legitimate U.S.-backed currency. With regard to fraud: These individuals would unwittingly accept a, say $10 liberty dollar coin for payment of $10, but weren't told that the metal in them was worth much less. Almost every single comment on any website and all articles or op eds I've seen on this issue have really missed the point. The one exception is the following article, which lays out the issues very well: 
@_date: 2011-04-21 01:22:21
Yes, you are right. This statute only has to do with metal money. It doesn't even apply to paper money backed by metal. The Liberty Dollar case was about the metal liberty dollar coins.
@_date: 2011-04-25 22:09:39
Haha - thanks! Although it's first in the US News and World Reports and probably first in "prestige," there are a number of other ways to look at law school quality. From these other, also-valid perspectives, Yale is often among the top schools but not at the top. So it depends on your perspective. 
@_date: 2011-07-15 13:43:06
According to my reading of the statute, the statute does little for Bitcoin. The only part of this bill that has any applicability to bitcoin is the repeal of the legal tender laws, which are the last thing holding bitcoin back. (I mention other applicable laws in the draft of my bitcoin legal paper that I published a while back:  The counterfeiting statutes it mentions are already inapplicable to Bitcoin because those statutes only deal with metal money.
See my comment on the bitcoin forum: 
@_date: 2011-07-22 20:03:01
Yes, if it was direct compensation 10x or even more would be required. However, as I replied to a similar comment on that page, I hope that (1) the bounty will encourage someone to do this, understanding that the bounty is not full compensation but just a bonus; and (2) others will add to the bounty by donating to 1HSSicqMoMm4FXpH6UgQya7xaQbN9EJXit.
@_date: 2011-03-30 02:10:17
It depends on whether you believe you can achieve a greater rate of return in holding bitcoins than in other investments, taking into account the many risks inherent in a fairly new currency.
Generally, as the dollar declines in value against other currencies, it should decline in value against bitcoins too (i.e., you get more bitcoin per dollar). However, bitcoin is set to have a significant increase in supply over the next 4 years (there will be about 5 times more bitcoins in existence than there are now). See  Thus, even if you believe the dollar will decline because of the increase of money supply or for other reasons, you have to weigh that against the possible decrease in value of bitcoin over the next several years because of an increase in supply relative to demand. Furthermore, even if you could assume that Bitcoin would protect you perfectly from a decline in the U.S. dollar (which you can't, as I just explained), it still wouldn't mean that you should invest heavily in Bitcoin. Assume that you could put your money in a bank that would promise to pay you an interest rate of the inflation rate + 1%. Would you keep all your money, including your retirement funds, there? Probably not. You would probably create a well-diversified portfolio that would hopefully reach a higher rate of return.
@_date: 2011-03-29 16:31:34
Although there are some attacks possible with a majority of computational power, I think you describe some that aren't possible. For example, an individual with majority computational power couldn't just create new bitcoins out of thin air by awarding more than 50 bitcoins per successful block found. This is because the remaining legitemate bitcoin nodes would simply disregard such blockchains as illegitemate because they do not follow the rules. Take a look at 
@_date: 2011-07-23 03:01:49
I don't get it. Proves me wrong about what? I'm asking for a descriptive study or paper rather than an answer to a yes or no question. 
@_date: 2013-04-16 13:47:47
I published a paper in 2011 that focused on some of the US-based legal issues: 
I believe someone wrote a Swiss article on some of the issues there. 
I think the important issues are:
* Regulation by traditional market regulators (in the us, the sec or CFTC)
* Laws that regulate or prohibit the creation of private or digital currency
* AML/terrorist financing (including registration as money transmitters, suspicious activity reports, etc)
Also possibly important:
* Regulation by banking regulators
* Maybe practical issues related to commercial contracts involving bitcoins
