@_author: reverendjohnny
@_date: 2014-06-09 16:14:20
Give my friend a shout.
He would love to interview you guys for his podcast called Bitcoins and Gravy.
Just send email to: howdy
@_date: 2014-08-25 04:53:32
oerwouter you obviously don't know much about Mpesa in Kenya.
Do some reading.
Bitcoin is piggybacking on Mpesa and succeeding. Bring in cheap smart phones over the next 3 years and you will see a Bitcoin explosion in Africa!
And finally, there are many developed countries and cities in Africa. You know, cars, airports, museums, restaurants, televisions, computers, internet access, etc. You sound like you're thinking in 2 dimensional stereotypes!
@_date: 2014-05-12 04:47:12
Who are these guys anyway?
Why don't we have a core group of really great guys start THE REAL Bitcoin Foundation?
Have the emphasis be on non-profit companies, charities and remittances for foreign workers world wide.
Let's just start a good one with good people and IGNORE the current Bitcoin Foundation.
C'mon children . . . let's get it going!!
: ) 
@_date: 2014-05-18 00:18:07
Hi Mr. Janssens:
Please contact John or Lij at BitcoinsAndGravy.com. They would like to interview you for their podcast.
@_date: 2014-08-07 22:23:19
I think when you mentioned your BS in the 2nd paragraph THAT is really all we need to know. This post reads like the scam emails I get:
"Hello. My name kindly is Faroughi Melatoghes. I am the honorable son of the rightful Prince of Kerbekistan. As my Father the Prince is in ill health, I am contacting you please especially to indicate your help with the dispursement of 200 million dollars . . . fack off mate!!!!!!
But kudos to you for bringing some excitement to the table. We all need a little interest and intrigue and hope and dashed hopes and hope again. Have you ever read Jacob the Liar? It's a good book. Heard they made of movie out of it with Robin Williams. I never saw it because I just couldn't stand the thought of seeing the smirking Mork trying to play a starving Jew in a ghetto. 
Great book though. About hope and lies and the line that can be erased between the two. 
Sorry to hear about your new life at the "tiny regional federal reserve branch".  Maybe take a look around that small town to see if you can get any of the locals to accept Bitcoin. Maybe start a bitcoin meetup group. Make the best of what the lord Jehovah has bestowed upon you. This may just be a test. 
: )
@_date: 2015-01-18 07:38:18
Loose money?
That's not the right word. 
You meant to write: Lose money.
Loose is the wrong word!!!!
@_date: 2016-01-15 05:37:40
I am genuinely perplexed with Mike Hearn's message. I wish I was at a bitcoin conference right now sitting around with Andreas and Adam and Erik and others to get to the bottom of Mike's message. 
There is much about his message that is rhetorical and by that I mean that Mike appears to be using his language as a means of persuasion. It made me very uncomfortable and disheartened on many levels. 
But some part of it just isn't sitting right with me. All I know for sure is that his message is not 100% honest. Don't bother asking me why I think this. I just do.
@_date: 2016-01-05 05:32:16
Let's be clear about what happened. While Andreas and many other intelligent and well intentioned member of the bitcoin community were actively warning people about Mt. Gox, the Bitcoin Foundation was doing next to nothing in terms of educating people about the dangers of custodial wallets and exchanges. 
What did this lead to? It led to the loss of millions of dollars for thousands of people. These were no minor losses.
Karpeles was lurking around and more than one member of the Bitcoin Foundation was in bed with him (possibly literally).
Brunches with the big Koch breath Cato institute?
A lavish convention?
Unexplained expenditures?
Healthy salaries for men who had no interest in transparency and who subsequently pissed off and alienated some of the greatest minds in the Bitcoin sphere?
This is Bitcoin History.
This is some of the worst of it.
Bruce and Bitcoin Foundation board members please allow me to illustrate the simple truth this way:
If Adolph Hitler had died the day after the Nazis invaded Poland (1939) and if his empire had then fallen apart with all Nazis moving on to other endeavors, would anyone anywhere accept a New Nazi party led by nice, well intentioned individuals with good reputations? 
Would the past transgressions be forgotten? Would the word Nazi somehow morph into a friendly household word? 
Or would anyone who had been negatively impacted by the Nazis continue to loathe the word and anything associated with the word until the end of time? Uh the answer is yes.
Ok then. Sorry for the frighteningly hyperbolic, somewhat offensive and tragically imperfect analogy. But you get my point.
The Bitcoin community is screaming "FUCK OFF BITCOIN FOUNDATION!!!" Or to put it nicely: "Please NO MORE!"
What I truly don't understand is why you are so hell bent on using the words "Bitcoin Foundation" after all that has happened. 
It's just as much a matter of being offensive as anything else. 
Can't you see that? 
Can't you see how many people have been hurt and disappointed and disrespected by that entity called The Bitcoin Foundation?
Does this evoke empathy in you or nothing at all?
If you can see this Bruce, then please, please put it to rest. 
Let's begin again by bringing together people from all nations and reinventing something that will be 100% transparent, trustable and healthy for all people. The very model of the foundation is faulty. Something that serves the Bitcoin community certainly is needed, so let's begin from the ground up to build something that we are all proud of - that works via consensus, without any board of directors and such - something that utilizes what we have learned thus far about the power of decentralized, peer to peer, distributed systems!
The idea some have proposed that killing the foundation will somehow further sully the name of Bitcoin is patently silly. Those of us who have great respect for the goals of Satoshi Nakamoto know that what CNN or Fox thinks of Bitcoin is really irrelevant. We really DO NOT need to be "legitimized" in the eyes of anyone or any entity do we?
As much as I hate to say it Bruce, my feeling is that as you continue to prop up the Bitcoin Foundation in ANY way, you will find your own reputation diminishing over time. Already there are many who are questioning your motives and the motives of the board. 
What are your motives? Why is this so important to you and to the current board members? Is your ego involved in any way? Are you working to satisfy certain people or certain interests that in your mind trump the interests of Satoshi Nakamoto himself OR the interests of the kind hearted men and women who have now dedicated their lives to this new way of thinking and living?
These are legitimate questions that one man is asking another and I believe it is fair to get philosophical and psychological about this whole mess. While your words appear to indicate rationality, your actions do not. 
There are a lot of other trees out there that would love to see you barking up them and there are pastures out there much greener by far than the one in which you are currently grazing.
@_date: 2015-04-06 02:57:44
First we need to gather all the forensic evidence.
This will take some time. 
Next we need to assemble a friendly town hall meeting wherein current and past board members, devs, et al sit in comfy chairs on a big stage whilst the Bitcoin community representatives, both in the theater audience and online, ask questions of these people. 
Of course this will be recorded for posterity. 
The "Foundation" members are not allowed to have legal representation present. 
Those who don't show up will be looked upon with even more distrust than they currently are. This is an issue of trust. This is an issue of morality. This is potentially an issue of theft or at the very least, misappropriation of funds.
As has been suggested many times here in Reddit and elsewhere, at least a few of these "Foundation" people may be guilty of theft and other crimes. These allegations stem from information that continues to be gathered. At some point, U.S. law enforcement may get involved.
Imagine for a moment that "The Bitcoin Foundation" is a small, non-profit bakery located in a sleepy (and depressed) little town somewhere in the midwest. This bakery, called Doh!, offers employment opportunities for mentally challenged individuals in the community. Most people think of Doa! as an asset and are willing to donate to this good cause again and again. 
Then one day a newly elected Doh! board member discovers that everyone's favorite non-profit bakery is broke. Almost all of the donations that had come in since they opened are gone.
They will 
Have to
There is talk of embezzlement. Angry words are spoken, threats are made. A local attorney whose cousin's son in law worked at Doh! before the crisis, decides to look into the misappropriation of funds allegations being slung around and he started the investigation.
It's against the law
It was against the law
What the mama saw
It was against the law
@_date: 2015-04-06 03:09:18
Countdown meter...yes!
100% Transparency...yes!
Pay the devs
Then we watch their every move - each of them. 
Open source
Who will start the campaign?
The other HUGE question is this: How do we STOP another damaging "foundation" or organization from coming into existence in the Bitcoin world? How do we recognize it? How do we know when to fight for it or against it?  Is it decentralized? Is it Transparent in every way? 
I say this: If it's not decentralized and it's not transparent, then I for one will fight against it. 
@_date: 2015-04-06 03:12:08
Let's make this concern public!
@_date: 2015-04-06 02:59:26
Damnit aminok!!!! We've just proven for the 100,000,000,000th time in human history that humans can't be trusted with money!!! 
Stop being lazy about this old sport! 
@_date: 2015-03-05 03:13:19
Satoshi's bitcoins may already be moving. How do we know that (if this person is still alive) he doesn't have 10,000 different wallets, accounts, false trails leading to obscurity, etc. The guy's pretty smart and he had plenty of time to set his own "bank" up the way he wanted to. He may have used 10 different computers with different ip addresses to spread himself in 10 different directions, create 10 different pseudonymous or Anonymous entities that trade all the time. He could set up trading bots to make himself look like 10,000 different traders in 100 different countries. Maybe "he" is controlling the price or maybe he's just waiting till the time is right. 
@_date: 2015-03-05 03:08:20
I like the shirt!
And THE REAL TRUTH about Satoshi Nakamoto is that the vast majority of us don't even know if this person is still alive. This person may have died of a heart attack last night.
So "he" may not control anything. 
Think about it kids. 
: )
@_date: 2013-03-30 23:21:59
Why would anyone use real words in their seed? I'm new to this and realize that the best computers in the world would be hard pressed to guess wakyafiz ordespronq295 . . . or am I wrong?
Can someone advise me about 2 things?
1) How to make a really good phrase (seed)
2) Ok so I have a brain wallet with 1 bitcoin in it.  But I don't know how to access that wallet. I do have a blockchain.info wallet.  Would I do there?  How can I send this 1 Bitcoin to another Bitcoin Address?
Can anyone email me?  jcbarrett2003 (at yahoo dot com)
Fyi, my Brain Wallet has never seen the internet.
JB