@_author: revolutionaryhijinks
@_date: 2019-11-08 10:35:22
No such thing as dumb questions. 
BTC has rendered the (savings) banks useless, as banks have traditionally been used to give you access to your money while securing it, albeit with very high fees involved, closed weekends/holidays, etc. 
BTC wallets allow anyone to make 24/7 international payments almost instantaneously- without having to pay 'bounced check' fees, bank workers, or CEO bonuses. BTC takes away the useless middleman that existed solely to siphon your own money from you. 
You can't get much more accessible than simply downloading an app. This freedom from economic enslavement does come at the cost of personal responsibility, though. 'Do not ever lose your passphrase, or your money will be gone'. I suppose people will have to realize that the tradeoff is that they are no longer subject to arbitrary fees set by bankers (low balance, lost card, stop payment, the account itself, etc.). Why would we issue physical cards to people when you can just open an app on your phone to pay? 
What's stopping banks from doing this is that they know their business model is now obsolete. Really, what you're asking comes down to geopolitics, what I alluded to earlier- economic enslavement- and the roles that banks fill in our world (international sanctions, censorship, invasive KYC, etc.). Rest assured, banks aren't our friends- this is about power. And with the creation of bitcoin, their global control will now collapse. 
[Here's Congressman Brad Sherman on why bitcoin is a good idea](
As far as other types of banking, investment and such, I haven't seen anyone here mention [Celcius Network]( which allows users to deposit crypto and earn interest, or otherwise take out a loan.
I'm sure a crypto-credit solution will be thought of in the future.
Banks are centralized. The future is decentralized.
@_date: 2018-10-30 22:23:00
*never-ending foreign wars
@_date: 2019-06-10 07:16:35
Some people think that an uncensorable technology that has the potential to end the economic enslavement of billions of people, ending poverty, improving voting systems, etc., is just as good a reason to use energy as any. Who has the right to decide what you can spend energy on? 
As for the causes which you do deem acceptable to spend energy on, the principle would be the same. It is still a system that creates value from communal energy input. I would be surprised if something like this wasn't already in the works. At the very least, you could create a 'Protein Folding coin (PFC)' and your community could decide if its ultimate value is equal or greater than the amount of energy it took to create it (your coin being used, traded, etc.).
Edit: 
Forgive me if I misunderstood your comment. That is to say- you are more than welcome to assemble a team of coding microbiologists, and submit the new proof system to the Bitcoin github and have the community vote on using it! That is the beauty of a decentralized, open source system.
@_date: 2017-11-15 21:11:37
replay