@_author: rexmundane
@_date: 2014-03-05 15:56:51


I mean, obviously, not, right? Forgetting that, to extend the analogy, this isn't a pain that a lot of people will ever recover from, is agony the best time to be learning a life lesson? I mean don't you think they or most people reading this story will walk away from this having learned anything other than "Razn Frazn Make Believe Internet Money"? 
I mean isn't that the reason why so many threads in have been about "Stop Panicking, Keep buying Bitcoins, Keep being constantly Excited, All news is good for BitCoin, This is exactly the kind of thing you should have accepted, I can't have pity for you for trusting MtGox, Pain is good for you even if it kills you, Never Doubt the Worm" reactive damage control instead of, I dunno, mass outpourings of nothing but sympathy for people who lost everything, or fundraisers to get them back on their feet?
@_date: 2014-04-04 19:58:51
Buffet didn't get to be where he is by being an idiot. Wrong? Possibly, but Incompetant? Definately not. Disagree with him, argue against his opinion, and by all means prove him wrong, but casually dismiss him at your own peril.
@_date: 2014-03-05 18:22:55
I'm not saying they weren't foolish. But they trusted a system they thought they understood and now they're suffering hugely for it. Why on earth would you be this angry at them? How would having sympathy be a bad thing?
I'm not just asking to start an argument either, I'm sincerely curious. I mean ordinarily when you hear about someone losing alot of money to a scam or a bank closure, there tends to be acknowledging of the problem coupled with community support and sympathy, but these poor people (people whose enthusiasm and interest you're profiting from, let's not forget) some have lost everything and you seem to have this palpable rage at them. 
And not, and here I'm broadly generalizing, but not at MtGox itself it seems. Hatred for the robbed but not the robber, in a sense. I may just be a part-time lurker, but it feels as though they stole and the response seems like "Yeah, well we knew they would, obviously, like duh, aren't we brilliant," but the victims get "You f@ imbecile how dare you acknowledge your own misfortune you utter monster!" 
Where does this rage at the aggrevied come from, basically?
@_date: 2014-03-05 16:58:38
Sorry, you're being reflexively dismissive of very real human suffering, part of a community doing the same to label such stories as insignificant next to the earth-shattering news that "Some new pub now accepts bitcoin," so who's sweeping what under the rug here, exactly?
Or better question, and here I'm going to try and be coldly emotionless, pragmatic, and as positive about bitcoin as I can, since I suspect that might be the only thing you'll respond to: People aren't getting involved in Bitcoin right now because it's such a gamble (instead of the ones who are getting involved exactly because of the gamble) so how would a community-driven push to mitigate these "growing pains" I keep hearing them get called, how the hell would that be a bad thing? Chrissake, if you bought bitcoin a year ago today, then over the last year you saw, what, 5000% ROI and you can't tell me you couldn't afford to make a donation or two toward making the bitcoin community seem welcoming and less risky.