@_author: rfcorsomething
@_date: 2015-05-30 16:39:46
A single payments company processes more than 50,000 transactions per second during the holiday season.
Congratulations on handling 2.5 seconds worth of black friday volume.  In a day.
@_date: 2015-05-30 14:56:41
I am disappointed on the drug side.  But he was also selling credit card fraud kits, identity theft kits, and other items that exist solely to cause harm to others.  Not to mention the murder for hire aspect.
Ulbricht is not the hero you want him to be.  That narrative is post-hoc bullshit.
@_date: 2015-05-30 16:31:10
*first of all, the societal problem of credit card fraud &amp; identity theft is PRECISELY one of the problems that Bitcoin solves*
This does not make it okay to profit from credit card fraud and identity theft.  Those remain coercive involuntary harms.  It's disturbing that you think this is exculpatory.
*"secondly, Ross wasn't selling any of those things himself."*
SR had sections dedicated specifically to these causes.  He took steps to directly promote this activity.  Fuck him.
* All of that stuff was being sold long before Silk Road existed, and will continue to be sold long into the future*
Locking up a murderer doesn't stop all murder.  Locking up a swindler doesn't stop all swindling.  Locking up Ulbricbht won't stop all online drug sales, fraud enablement, and it won't be the end of people hiring hitmen to protect themselves.  This doesn't mean it's a bad idea.
Nobody is claiming that only person on the planet is responsible for all crime.


If eBay had a portion of their site specifically devoted to defrauding ticket buyers, they would certainly face criminal sanction.


No, it doesn't.  At best it moves them around slightly.
Ulbricht's sentence is long (and will get appealed), but he guaranteed that by failing to limit his activities to harm-reducing actions, by being arrogant to the judge, and by being incredibly racist when talking about the overdose.
I'd have some sympathy if he hadn't taken actions that enable coercive harm, if he hadn't hired hitmen, and if he hadn't had a defense that basically said "well, the only guy who actually died was black and I'm white, so y'know... who cares?"  He really took every possible opportunity to prove that his talk about ideology was a complete and total lie, and to make himself seem extraordinarily unlikeable (unless you're also a sociopathic white male asshole).