@_author: rg44_at_the_office
@_date: 2015-11-09 16:23:46
I'm going to use a silly analogy that has almost no place in the real world, but I promise I'm going somewhere with this: Runescape.
In the RS Grand Exchange, players can buy and sell items with any other player across hundreds of servers by simply placing an order for the good they want, the quantity, and the price they're willing to pay. The items all have a 'base value' but you can offer +-10% of that value if you don't think the item is worth what the game says. Some players started forming 'Merch clans' where they would try to manipulate these markets for profit. With millions of gold between them, a small group of players would buy as many as possible of a certain finite good (say, Dragon Plate Armor) until they had a significant chunk to slow down the market. Then, whenever someone placed one on the GE for sale, it would instantly be matched with a waiting 'buy' offer from someone in the clan, and they get it before anyone else. Legitimate players who just want to the armor would try to buy it in the GE and end up waiting for a week with no sale connecting. As the game realizes there are a lot of outstanding buy orders and no sell orders for this item, it adjusts the price upward accordingly. The clan continues this tactic until the price has doubled, or more. Then, simultaneously, each clan member takes their share (sometimes upwards of 1000 pieces of the same armor) and sells it all for the higher price. All the players who were waiting to buy it suddenly get their order filled, but only because they waited for weeks and had to adjust their offer, and eventually paid more than double what the item should have cost.
Again, this plan only really works in the game, but if it were to translate into real life, bitcoin might be the closest thing to a good it could possibly work for. If one huge player (like the US government, or maybe Bill Gates if he felt like it) could spend enough to hoard a sizable fraction of the entire pool of global BTC, it could artificially make the commodity more scarce, to a degree that the price rises. Keep buying/holding for long enough, and you get to decide when the bubble peaks, because it just keeps rising until you decide to sell. 
Although, this is probably not what is happening here, 44k wouldn't even be enough to cause that, and more importantly, blockchain helps prevent that.
Basically, imagine if all those poor noobs on Runescape had blockchain. They could easily see that the price of dragon plate armor is being artificially inflated, and that some player had recently purchased a lot of 3000 plate armor, presumable to raise the price. Then, those players could simply refuse to pay the monopolized price, and only trade with people who are charging a fair value. 
@_date: 2015-11-09 16:07:47


It isn't. That's simply a misunderstanding of how central banking works. 'The government' doesn't really have any control over the money supply, they just appoint people who do have control, and those people aren't regulated by congress after the fact. Then, congress has to actually take loans from the central bank when it wants money it can't get through taxation, and they have to pay back those loans eventually. 