@_author: rhapsap
@_date: 2013-11-02 08:30:20
I joined on November 1, 2013. The process involved sending in 2 pieces of ID via secure electronic form. This is the standard for most Canadian bitcoin exchanges. 
VoS currently supports certified cheques and electronic bank transfer to deposit funds as well as using your BTC/LTC/Peercoin wallet. It would be nice to see more options however most banks support electronic transfers. In my case my bank needs me to call them to arrange an electronic transfer and charges a high fee to do so. In addition to my two pieces of supporting documents, I sent an inquiry about other deposit means. Within 15 minutes I had received a response (considerably fast response).
Yes, Vault of Satoshi would accept my President's Choice bank card if I sent a photo of it (masking the last digits) and a screen shot of my bank account (obscuring the balances). I found this to be a suitable arrangement as it didn't expose any information that they wouldn't have if I'd done a bank to bank transfer. And so 10 minutes later I was approved to send in an Interac e-transfer. I can't say they will do this for all members but you could ask :)
I then tried to login after receiving confirmation that I could make an Interac payment but received an error message about authentication. I contacted VoS and told them this was not how I wanted to begin my experience with them and to cancel my account.
Mike from VoS wrote back and apologized, telling me that there is an error that occurs if two or more windows are open with VoS. It turns out that, yes, I did have two windows open at the same time. I don't see this as being a major issue, not many people will have two VoS windows open simultaneously and I'm sure they'll fix this issue in time. Mike did offer me $25 credit if I decided to keep my account.
Realizing that this is a new startup, they are from Ontario, knowing that the fees for other Canadian exchanges can go up to $30 per EFT, and having a $25 credit to start with, brought about a change of heart. I took Mike up on his offer and within an hour of first joining Vault of Satoshi I was fully confirmed, had a credit, and had purchased some Litecoin.
The interface for buying and selling is straightforward. The only thing missing is a confirmation when an order is filled (currently orders disappear from your order book upon being filled and goes into your account balance). I am told they plan to add a confirmation message over the weekend.
There are a few things that I found could be improved:
1) The authentication needs a little revamping due to the multiple browser window error. [resolved by only using 1 window]
2) There is a process whereby every login you are sent a confirm code via email or SMS that you need to enter [but this can be disabled]. The security conscious member may wish to use this feature, I didn't.
3) You must contact the company via email when making deposits via certified checks or wire transfer. This is not an automated process, you have to let them know it's coming. Not a major hurdle but for those wanting weekend purchases it could be an issue.
4) The withdrawal process is automated and works with any BTC/LTC/Peercoin wallet. Withdrawals of US Dollars however, requires you to notify the company manually and has a $100 USD minimum rate.
5) A ticker needs to be added.
Having used numerous other exchanges, I know that the greatest challenge facing a Canadian is not how to transfer the coins between websites but how to get your CDN money onto an exchange or back to your bank once you've sold coins. To even attempt this with any of the major overseas services requires you to use different merchant service (eg. Okpay, Ecoin, etc.) but I have yet to find a single exchange outside of Canada that allows you to put the money into your actual bank account. Having to contact VoS manually and having a $100 minimum may be a turn-off for some people but I'm sure more options will become available.
Upon receiving my Litecoins, I was able to withdraw them and xfer them to another location within 15 minutes, after the usual confirmations were seen.
The rates for trading can be found here:
It cost me 0.50% (50 cents) for my first order of $100. This is a reasonable fee in my opinion.
The only thing that might be an issue to me in the future is that the order book is quite limited. Keep in mind this is a new company so they don't have the same member base as other exchanges. Currently the orders tend to be for larger purchases and the BTC rates don't offer much competition. As more people connect with VoS the more orders can be filled and more options to the buyer and seller. 
This isn't completely bad, I was able to order coins at far below what was being asked on other exchanges even with the US exchange rate. :)
I am not affiliated with this company or any of the owners, I am just a customer.
