@_author: rheticule
@_date: 2018-06-22 15:19:32
Because everything you purchase in your daily life is priced against USD, not against Bitcoin. You don't care about the dollar against the Euro because you get paid in dollars, and you purchase goods priced in dollars with dollars. 
People care about Bitcoin vs USD because they still have to purchase things with dollars (or at least PRICED in dollars). Do if BTC loses half it's value you still have the same number of bitcoins, but now you can only buy half as much gas or milk with it. It's all about purchasing power, which is what you should actually care about.  
@_date: 2018-11-20 18:42:46
Why do you think it wont?
@_date: 2018-11-21 17:10:13
How is that? If you hold and do nothing else, you have no impact on price at all. If you hold 90% of bitcoin in a wallet in your safe, the other 10% are all that matter for pricing. If I hold a bunch of that 10% and want to sell, then even if you think each bitcoin of yours is worth $1000, I'm still only getting what the buyer will pay (let's say $500). If I'm trying to sell and the only people willing to buy offer $1 and I sell, that's now the last price of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-20 15:32:26
Yes, at this point fiat isn't linked to real world commodities (it used to be linked to the gold standard, where you could exchange money with the government for gold, but was abandoned by most in the early 1900s). But, since fiat is "default" it's still very much associated with the price of goods, and controlled by central banking institutions to achieve target inflation levels to keep the currency "healthy".
So, since most people are paid in fiat, pay for goods in fiat (priced in fiat), and pay taxes in fiat, the price IN FIAT is really all that's important right now. As for the future? Sure, there's the possibility that all of those things could be done in crypto (good luck getting the government to accept crypto for taxes, but that's besides the point), in which case the price in crypto is going to be important.
So, what's important isn't that $10 is worth $10, it's that I know I can exchange $10 for a big mac meal. I know that tomorrow I can do the same, and that a year from now the meal will likely be slightly more expensive, but not terribly so. 
For crypto, what's important is what I can buy with my crypto, so right now, that means what's important is the exchange to fiat. In the short term (and medium term), what's important on valuation is still the exchange to fiat. So you can still do some calculations on what that looks like. My problem is no one is doing that. 
@_date: 2018-11-20 14:21:35


Same question, for something to be "cheap" you have to understand the fundamental value of that thing. I still haven't seen anyone give me an argument on what the fundamental value of a bitcoin is right now (I get the qualitative arguments, I understand the use case behind cryptocurrency, what I don't understand is what makes $4000 cheap? Could bitcoin exist and be a popular method of exchange at $3000? $300? $30? $3?)
 
Give me a quantitative reason for why bitcoin should be $X  without referring to historical prices of bitcoin.
Put another way, if I tried to sell a rock at $100 dollars, then I changed it to $50, that doesn't mean the $50 price tag for my rock is cheap just because it's now half off, because the rock was never worth $100 in the first place. 
@_date: 2018-11-23 15:50:48
It's amazing, because I have a corporation registered with all the stocks in my hands (I think have like 100 stocks). By that principle, my corporation is probably worth more than $4000 per share using my business profitability as the metric for valuation! Boom, my business is now big time, stand aside Apple, I'm coming for you. 
@_date: 2018-11-20 18:39:55
I've read this thread, I only hope you're trolling to get a rise out of everyone. If not, good luck and godspeed my friend
@_date: 2018-11-20 18:25:29
That's actually a great point!
The only problem is, if you had invested in Archie in 1991 (Or Bunyip I guess, which was the company), you would now have... well you'd have nothing, because though the technology behind search engines has certainly improved, and they're capable of all sorts of great shit, you weren't invested in "search engines", you were invested in a particular company who MADE search engines.
But here's the worse part: even investment in Bunyip would have been better than what we're doing now. Because right now no one is "investing" in ANYTHING, they are buying bitcoin itself, not the technology behind it, not a company who makes it, but the product. It would be like if you could invest in Archie only, and even if Bunyip went on to create a new search engine called "google", you'd STILL get shit all because all you have is "stock" in an old technology.
There are many arguments for why crypto currency will be a thing at some point. If there was investment in a company doing research into crypto, holding patents, whatever the fuck you can say has some revenue potential in the future, then that sounds compelling. Right now the investment is in a single currency. So, you're all betting that a new crypto currency WON'T come along that has better technology fundamentals, and captures the market, before Bitcoin establishes itself enough to be untouchable. 
@_date: 2018-11-20 17:31:12


My understanding is... they don't. As far as I can tell, in at least the Canadian income tax act (and I'm pretty sure it's the same everywhere) they specify that taxes MUST be paid in Canadian currency. Remitting taxes in local fiat is actually what gives the government the power to enforce usage of that currency, and further what gives them the power to impact the economy (Central banks will raise and lower interest rates of overnight borrowing to raise and lower inflation, as well as stimulating spending or saving depending on what they're looking to do). I can't see governments just shrugging and giving up the power to influence their economy because "I was paid in bitcoin".
If my entire holdings were in USD, and I was paid in USD, I would still have to remit my taxes in CAD (sure, I can convert my money, but that's the point, I still have to convert).
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:58:14


Fair point. Let me ask you a question then as a response. What is the basis for it to be worth $5000? How about $1000? $100? What is the basis that you think "$5000 is the lowest it will go"?
And please, when you answer try to look at the actual numbers, not the technology, because you're not investing in patents, you're not investing in the creation of a technology, you're speculating on a particular implementation of a technology. What numbers do you have that would make each bitcoin worth any value? What I mean is, if I pitched a stock to you, you'd rightfully ask me for some information on the company that would support my valuation of the stock (whether that's current earnings, future earning potential, etc). Sure, there is some speculation involved (if I tell you I'll double my revenue in the next year because of X, it's still a gamble that X will pay off) but at its core, you are still relying on my numbers to drive your decisions.
So, what numbers do you have that says "$5k is the bottom"? Could you be right? Absolutely, we're in a speculative market that is driven by believe more than reality, but what's to stop everyone from saying "fuck this shit, I'm out" and letting it hit 0? 
I am not trying to spread despair, I am just trying to make sure that people who have invested in this aren't ruined because they believed the "hype" that had nothing behind it. Maybe I'm wrong, maybe you have solid numbers backing your prediction of $5k up, and I'm out of my element. 
@_date: 2018-11-20 13:27:20


The only question to this is, why? Why will people start buying now? Why is bitcoin worth more than it currently is? 
The poster you were responding to was talking about the fact that bitcoin at this point is an almost purely speculative investment. There are no real calculations you can use to determine what the price of bitcoin should be (most investments you at least have P&amp;L statements, forecasts, market data, etc). That means the only thing that is driving the price of bitcoin is... what people think the price of bitcoin should be/will be. So, since the last year the price has pretty much steadily fallen, what makes people think it's going to reverse (other than "it was 20k before, it will be again!" which is starting to lose its luster).
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:42:55
Right, that's my fear. I mean, I work in IT in the financial sector. Crypto should be right at the intersection of my knowledge base, but I just... have never understood what was driving the value of bitcoin and the like (other than pure speculation). When people say "buy in now while it's cheap" I don't know what "cheap" means in this context, because other than knowing that at one point someone payed $20k for a bitcoin, I don't know what total value people even think is reasonable, and more importantly, WHY. Like, "bitcoin will reach $100k by the end of the year", was that value driven by anything other than "the tech is cool"? Is there some analysis I'm just missing that pegs the value that high (or higher)? 
I think I'm just confused. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:17:12
Thanks, I am very curious about what people mean when they talk about "fundamentals" of bitcoin. I mean, the technology is cool and all, but what can anyone point me to where I could derive an expected value for bitcoin? I mean, at this point the expected is very low, but what about a calculation to show me what the expected market cap would be assuming "x,y and z" (as in, if bitcoin is used as the primary medium of exchange on the internet, assuming that 1 billion people used it, and they each kept an average of $500 USD in bitcoin at all time, you'd expect a market cap of $450 Billion, something like that). 
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:08:34
Thanks, I was starting to believe I was taking crazy pills here, since everyone seemed to have some understanding I was completely lacking. 
Even the people who are saying "I invested because I believe in the technology, not to make money" confuse me. I mean, they're not investing in the technology, they're investing in a particular iteration of the technology that's supposed to be used as a currency. How does holding (and doing nothing with) a currency help adoption rates? How does it help the technology? As far as I can see, they're just taking a long term gamble instead of a short one, but it's all a gamble. If you want to help a currency achieve its goal, don't you need to, you know, start using it as a currency?
@_date: 2018-12-05 20:24:56
At some point though you're going to be paying more in electricity than you're getting back in BTC, so it doesn't make financial sense. 
@_date: 2018-12-06 14:40:00
This post makes me somewhat uncomfortable...