@_author: rhinoseverywhere
@_date: 2013-11-20 05:12:38
That's another interesting alternative. The thing is, if it got to the point where that was necessary the way in which money is handled would already have changed so much that I think it makes it hard for any of us to predict what would happen.
@_date: 2013-11-19 23:31:30
Fair enough, I understand that a lot of people feel that way. I just wasn't sure that was part of discussion here.
@_date: 2013-11-19 23:24:09
This is going to get me totally killed, but while stuff like being able to transfer money instantly (and tax free) sounds really good it can also be really dangerous to all forms of government. I've been interested in the idea behind Bitcoin from the tech side for a long time now, but I have to admit that stories like yours make me question whether or not this is all such a great idea.
 I can see how it sounds great to someone who believes in pure capitalism, but if this were to get big (which I don't think it will, for a variety of reasons) it could take out not only government regulatory bodies (which I assume everyone here is against, even though I'm not) but also all of the positive aspects of government. If you can't tax expenditures or transfers you can't tax anything, and without revenues governing becomes really complicated. I suppose that after that it all becomes a discussion of whether or not this would be a good thing, which I firmly feel it wouldn't be, though again I'm sure lots of people here would disagree.
@_date: 2013-11-20 05:16:19
I think you slightly mistook my political position, but that's neither here nor there. Thanks for your insight into other ways the system could turn it, it looks like I fundamentally misunderstood the level of anonymity that bitcoin provided, which was where I perceived the most trouble would come from, and I just generally didn't look at it from this perspective. It sounds like it could integrate into the economy better than I had imagined.
@_date: 2013-11-20 05:11:15
My knowledge of the system is very limited, as I'm not a user and haven't read much about it since the original paper came out (which I haven't reread in a while) a few years ago, but my understanding is that is that bitcoin allows for a relatively high level of anonymity. If you could get away with anonymous transfers, there's no reason you couldn't just pay people through these direct and anonymous transfers and circumvent taxes entirely. I could also foresee improvements in digital security making it easier for individuals to hold the currency independently, though that might be more difficult that I imagine.
If the system works out the way you imagine it, it definitely wouldn't be as disruptive as the one example this guy gave, where he circumvented taxes on transfers, makes it seem.