@_author: rhovegaton
@_date: 2017-12-19 01:53:04
It's deflationary characteristic can only be good for bitcoin's price. By the way, my apologies for not engaging in a deeper discussion on the subject, my spare time simply vanished.
@_date: 2017-08-15 04:07:40
Thanks a lot. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 20:05:59
Apologies BTW if I came as too harsh. I live surrounded by friends who are anarchists, anti-central banking and defendants of the Austrian school of economics. I re-live this discussion on a regular basis within my intimate circle :) I'll respond later!
@_date: 2017-08-15 04:06:30
If data on that website is accurate Chinese represented over 95% of the bitcoin market until December 2016, and then reduced their trading volumes by about 99% (likely less if accounting for other currencies). I am not buying more BTC if price is soaring because Chinese miners are hoarding. 
@_date: 2017-08-15 16:02:16
Painful to read so much incomprehension about monetary policy from a clearly extremely intelligent poster. This could be a fantastic post, but its filled with half truths. It demonstrates a serious misunderstanding of monetary policy and central banking. People would do well in understanding the effects of deflation and a deflationary spiral before trying to criticize banking and monetary policy. It is a very complicated subject. Do you love bitcoin? Do you have strong opinions about banking? Then don't be lazy, stop reading simple web articles written by individuals or organizations pushing for an agenda or biased anarchists unable to see the two sides of a coin, apply yourself, and dive into economics and history. The gold standard was deflationary, an economic aberration. Rigid monetary systems are only positive in the absence of disciplined and independent central banking. Bitcoin is awesome, I both invest and trade in bitcoin and other cryptos, but that does not mean that bitcoin replacing fiat currencies would be any good, because bitcoin's rigid supply makes it deflationary. Do you hold fiat and are concerned about your fiat losing value? Well, you don't have to! Fiat is not meant to be held for the long term. Invest it! Buy bonds, buy stocks, open a term deposit, buy bitcoin, whatever. Fiat is meant to serve as a stable means of exchange that promotes a healthy economy. That means avoiding deflation at all costs. That means promoting credit. That 2% is very necessary. A necessary evil for some, yet still very necessary. Do you have doubts? Then try to visualize what would happen if you take a mortgage to buy your first home, and then deflation kicks in and the price of your house starts dropping at a rate of 5% every year. You have a fixed mortgage interest rate; your interest payments are fixed, but the value of your home is going down. What happens? Now lets say on top of that your employers' sales are dropping because there is deflation and prices are dropping; the employer is unable to pay salaries, so it turns around, fires 10% of the employees, and cuts your salary by 10%. Now you have fixed interest payments, a house that is dropping in value, a lower salary, you may be about to get fired any day, and if you don't your salary is likely to continue going down as more and more people get fired and there are more people out there looking for less and less jobs. That is what deflation does. That is why central bankers try to maintain a 2% inflation rate. If deflation kicks in, it can quickly spiral out of control.