@_author: rhunbre
@_date: 2015-12-19 13:15:54
Personally, I don't see any reason to think these attempts at closed infrastructures will lead to anything noteworthy. I think how it plays out will largely mirror how things played out in the '90s and early 2000s with newspapers and web portals.
All of the attempts at responding to the internet by newspapers, and other companies that started running web portals, involved a rejection of the new innovations that the technology allowed and a focus on repurposing what they already knew in top-down, heavily controlled structures, rather than the generative and transformative technology that we can now say the internet enabled. I think with the benefit of hindsight, we'll see that what's happening now with the blockchain research being done by banking and finance companies will have been similarly misguided. Open, unrestricted platforms seem to end up being extremely strong competitors when compared to their closed, restricted counterparts.
In the two years or so that we've been hearing more and more about “blockchain tech” being separated from bitcoin and used in banking and finance, I've yet to see a single, concrete example of how such a closed, controlled system would provide significant benefits. Bitcoin, in large part, gets its benefits from censorship resistance and being a globally transactable, programmable form of money. Those features are all but impossible for traditional banking or finance companies to match.
Until we see some real examples of the benefits these initiatives are seeking, I’m left to assume the absolute best case scenario is slightly cheaper and/or faster settlements for certain assets or markets, and that’s not a strong Bitcoin competitor.
@_date: 2015-12-05 21:41:26
That's a great point, and it's hardly ever mentioned when people make arguments involving point of sale in developed countries.
@_date: 2014-10-05 22:16:20
If it were as simple as copy and paste to use the techniques behind Bitcoin in a centralized system, reap the rewards of the techniques, and fix the problems associated with a global centralized transnational network, then someone should have discussed how to do it. It could be an academic, a blogger, a Reddit commentator, etc., but that's somehow missing. You saying it's a secret doesn't change the fact that it's likely not possible, and if it is possible, that it would be very difficult.
No, central banks do not have trillions of dollars to squash random things. Most of that is already appropriated and there's usually something called oversight. So go ahead and continue deflecting and changing the discussion, but let me ask you, do you have an understanding of the software that makes up Bitcoin?
**TL;DR:** Anyone that thinks that the techniques that make Bitcoin special can be applied to centralized systems in a worthwhile manner needs to review the way the techniques actually work. A functional understanding of programming is helpful, but not strictly required.
@_date: 2014-10-05 22:09:57
If that's the case then Bitcoin has no chance and we should have, or should soon see, a government sponsored digital currency. I doubt it will happen.
Edit: To clarify, I mean a centralized pegged digital currency.
@_date: 2014-10-05 20:04:06
a) Bitcoin centralized simply isn't Bitcoin. In a centralized system you don't need to solve any of the problems that Bitcoin solves. There is no "tech" to take from Bitcoin if the transaction processing is centralized. We've had centralized transaction processing for decades. Satoshi addressed this point when first discussing Bitcoin.
b) The only likely entity that could attempt to honor a fixed exchange rate is a government. Look how well HealthCare.gov went, or the failed, money sucking pit that Oregon tried to launch, and you can see how effective government is at creating a website.
c) Such an endeavor would still confuse people. It would still have to catch on and be adjusted to. If your answer is wait for Bitcoin to go mainstream and then "copy" it, I doubt that would be successful.
I hear a lot of "we'll just copy the tech when we're ready" from traditional institutions, but I've never heard any actual game plans. In fact, I haven't even seen a single outline of a realistic proposal. It's just harder than they'd like you to realize. There's no copy and paste solution for traditional institutions to play catch up with Bitcoin.