@_author: rhyno116
@_date: 2016-04-22 05:33:50
Sceenshots should work. They are evidence.
Evidence from your personal bank account would help heaps. 
Consumer and Business Services South Australia should hopefully be familiar with them enough now to maybe not require as much evidence as I had to provide?
Good luck!
@_date: 2016-03-23 09:44:59
Awesome, I had to provide them documentation of the constant messages and lies they gave me over the nine months, but hopefully its fresh in their heads from my complaint and they won't require as much of an explanation from future people. Hopefully all goes smoothly for everyone else using this method!
@_date: 2016-03-23 09:24:56
not sure, give it a crack though and see how you go. Hopefully
@_date: 2016-03-22 10:55:33
Hi guys,
after 9 months I finally got a refund from Igot. Although the value of Bitcoin (4.5BTC) was now worth double than what I originally paid, I was still happy with a refund for $1400 which is what I paid at the time.
ACCC - no luck 
ACORN - no luck 
ASIC - no luck 
South Australia Police - no luck 
South Australian Consumer Affairs - BINGO!!!! 
I had to do a lot of explaining to them about what Bitcoin actually was and they hadn't heard of Igot before (which is surprising). Anyway a few weeks later and I had my money back. If Igot didn't at least reply to their requests, the directors would be taken to court by CBSSA. Very serious proper legal threats the lady I dealt with told me. 
Rick Day that prick told them that Ryan (myself) failed to read their terms and conditions (what a lying prick), but he was going to refund my money to avoid legal trouble. That's when I knew I finally had this prick. 
Anyway to start off you'll need to:
1. Leave a message on CBSSA website for them to contact you by a mobile phone call 
They'll call on a private number so make sure you answer those types of calls during thi period. 
2. They'll call you. Explain what is happening and they'll ask for your email address to send you some forms to fill out and send in to them.
3. Later on another person (case officer) will eventually call you (was a couple of weeks for me) to talk more once they have received your forms of complaint. 
4. They'll send court action legal threat for Rick Day to respond.
Rick will respond and they will give him a timeframe (1 week for me) to refund my money.
Some pointers:
* Say you have purchased an INVESTMENT (Bitcoin) and they are REFUSING to provide you with that INVESTMENT by not releasing your bitcoin into your online wallet. They are outright refusing to cooperate.
* Ask for a refund for the real money (not the Bitcoin). You don't want his product or investment because its not real, its a con. Its a scheme. Its doesn't exist. You want your money back for false goods that never existed.
* Remember to file a complaint against 13th Pty Ltd. 
They are the company (not igot , which is the website)
get their details from "ABN search" if need be. 
Director /Owner: Rick Day 
Company name: 13th Pty Ltd 
Website: igot.com 
Contact: fwdraw    &amp;     rick
Good luck!!!