@_author: ricepdaddy
@_date: 2015-08-12 23:37:35
I see a lot of this everyday. I am with Paylinedata.com (   ), and good businesses that have chargeback ratios at 4-5% always reach out to us, especially when they're selling things online or digital content. We have partnered with the best to chargeback prevention services in America currently and we act is resellers for them in some cases. Generally they reduce chargebacks by about 40%. One stops "friendly fraud", or people just canceling the charge through the bank and gives you a chance to reach out. The other stops REAL fraud, which a lot of app merchants have to deal with. If you want more info email me at pricea60 ( not going to put my company email on here lol). 
   The trick is you have to find a partner bank/processor that understands that you are doing online business and understands what your business is. In the processing world its termed "High Risk" and if you're not with the processor that has an underwriting team that are experts in your industry then frankly your account will get shut down eventually. PayPal and stripe don't have underwriting team directly as they are aggregators so anything that is out of the norm raises a flag. More than 90% of the people I talk to every day I've had their account frozen for wonky reasons that make no sense if you are not a bank underwriter.   So from our end as processors you have to look for banks that understand the industry and are willing to " take the risk ". I'll leave with an example : a lot of people didn't notice but in the past two months a huge portion of the collection industry lost its ability to process payments. Businesses that process millions of dollars a month suddenly lose the ability to process all because banking policies changed.  Everyone is scrambling right now to find a solution which means having to reach out to banks that understand collections as an industry. Every time a policy changes you have to be on top of making partnerships that understand those changes and are willing to take the risk so to speak. Fortunately Payline is one of those companies. 