@_author: rich29r
@_date: 2017-12-01 01:33:20
I know a guy that doesn't miss a damn thing
@_date: 2018-03-14 20:59:16
One of the reasons is more unclaimed satoshis that can be kept by the operator when they close up shop and to encourage loyalty to the service (at least until the threshold is met.) 
Like you said, the universal reason regardless of pool / service operator is to save on tx fees that most services will pay when transferring to your address.
@_date: 2017-09-21 05:29:47
Yes. If you also set a password, which I always have, you'll need to save that too. If you save over 1 BTC, buy yourself a hardware wallet
@_date: 2018-03-14 20:54:46
It's possible we don't get their urgency but those kinds of fees are not necessary to get into the next block. 2600 SATs/byte is overpaying unless the transaction is extremely urgent, requires confirmation, and you're anticipating someone else is going to flood the pool within minutes of your transaction paying fees greater than 2600 SATs/byte.
You are only judging their knowledge of Bitcoin on the amount of Bitcoin they hold in that address (50) but that's not sufficient to determine they know (or care) about how to lower tx fees. 
This fee was likely suggested by a wallet with hardcoded values for urgency with no calculation based on current utxos in the mempool and lowest fees accepted into the last block. Most wallets I've used rely on hard coded values. 
I know it seems there must be a good reason for overpaying but if this person had the tools (in this case a link to a live mempool viewer) and cared about saving money, they wouldnt pay that much because they understand it's not necessary.
@_date: 2018-02-10 00:06:09
Awesome. Thank you
@_date: 2018-02-22 23:05:44
Yeah that's right. You can use Bitcoin core as your wallet while providing a full node. 
You didn't ask but I'll advise anyway.... I don't recommend using any software wallet; undetectable malware can either steal your wallet.dat and keylog any encryption passphrase; or steal your private key or mnemonic seed during wallet creation, restore, or any other time you reveal the seed or private key in the software.  
Right now the best way to store your Bitcoin and many other supported tokens and coins is on a hardware wallet. The wallet randomly generates and displays your recovery seed and there is no interface over USB to read these words. As long as the words are saved offline, you only have physical security concerns with protecting the phrase. Use a fireproof safe. Store a second copy perhaps with the words split between two trusted but not connected friends, or whatever.  
Hardware wallets aren't perfect. If your computer is compromised a hacker could generate transactions to an addresses they hold and still display the address you meant to send to on your computer, which is why it's important to verify the recipient on the hardware wallet screen. I expect there are a number of groups attempting to exploit the devices firmware so it's best to just buy direct from the manufacturer. Each wallet does a good job of preventing this but hackers are usually one step ahead (or quick to respond i.e. new Denuvo cracked 4 weeks after release.) 
Wallets range from 30 to 250 USD. I think the least expensive device with a screen is the ledger nano s. I use a keep key, Trezor, and a Ledger Nano S. I recommend them all although if you care about segwit or ERC20 tokens, the keep key doesn't support either right now--but can support both with a future update.