@_author: richiebful
@_date: 2014-07-11 15:27:46


If Bitcoin becomes more widespread than regular currency, I think the economy will be changed in a smaller way than you expect. Transactions will become much more secure and anonymous. With a larger pool of currency, I also think Bitcoin will become more stable price-wise.
But if Bitcoin begins deflating, albeit at a rapid rate, it will become useless as a currency for purchasing, and will only be useful for investment. This will reduce production in the economy, because people would rather invest in BTC rather than invest in the regular economy, because the ROI on bitcoin would be much higher than stocks or whatever investment you have.


I think with maturity, Bitcoin will spawn lenders and bankers, just like a traditional economy. [BTCJam]( and others already are facilitating peer-to-peer lending.


Nominal interest rates(the one you get at the bank) will be lower than current U.S. Dollar lending, because the nominal interest rate equals the sum of the expected inflation rate over the lending period and the real interest rate (the percentage the bank actually makes on lending.) Expected inflation over the next few years for USD is about 2%. Bitcoin in that scenario will have a nominal interest rate of -4% + real-interest rate.
Ninja edit: clarification
Edit 2: inflation math error
Edit 3: Clarifying point 1.
@_date: 2014-07-11 22:59:28


Loans won't be more expensive than today, as long as the deflation rate is expected. Remember Nominal Interest = Real Interest + Expected Inflation Rate.
If according to the identity above,  expected inflation &lt; 0 - real interest, then loaning will become more expensive than today. This will incredibly disincentivize consumer spending because money is accruing value rapidly and because of lending money's additional expense.
However, the currency will become useless for purchases if no one wants to buy with it. This leads to a deflationary spiral, where loaning becomes more and more expensive because no one wants to borrow the currency to make purchases and no one wants to lend it because it accrues so rapidly. Pretty much, BTC would lead to a new Great Depression through deflationary spiral. (read: [wikipedia: Deflationary Spiral](