@_author: richtenna
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:26:28
Yes! if you could encourage people to run mesh relays and gateways it would really help build out a people powered messaging system.  There's been a discussion of these ideas on the goTenna mesh forum [here](
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:16:03
Your remittance project is very interesting and I can see why anything that extends the range of the last mile of communication would help bring bitcoin remittances to remote areas.
Have you written up more details about your project?  I'd love to read more.
Are there bitcoin exchanges in Ghana that people could use to (eventually) exchange their bitcoin for GHS ?  I assume people could transact using payment channels (eg. Lightning network) to exchange bitcoin within off-grid communities, but someone would eventually need to turn that into local currency in cities.
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:36:53
Of course you eventually do have to reach the internet because bitcoin is a global network.  The easiest gateway is just another phone running TxTenna that is connected to the internet, but it could also be a satellite up-link, short wave packet data, SMS relay, carrier pidgeon, sneaker-net, etc.
TxTenna is an open-source project and the goTenna SDK is free to use, so if you think we need more gateway modalities - the limit is only your creativity and technical skill.  
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:49:09
This is a first step, but it's easy to imagine future directions this can go.  The great thing about an open source project is that people will be able to add the new features they want.
I'd like to see the ability to route block confirmation messages to the payment recipient via their mesh ID.  That would be cool and it would help when both users are on the mesh, but not standing next to each other.
Something more difficult, but not impossible, would be returning SPV like data so the receiver can confirm the payment was included in a block.
Even cooler than that would be broadcasting block digests so you could confirm payments while off-grid generally.
As I said before, this is just a first example of what can be done.  The technology enables many more things and the limit is peoples creativity and dedication to building it.