@_author: richascroesus
@_date: 2014-09-21 20:28:34
How to increase node count in 5 easy steps:
1. Create another full node client with a built in market system.
2. Give working nodes with this client a session rating based on the number of seeds they've successfully completed and the present quality of its connection to a new inquiring client seeking the block chain.
3. New inquiring node clients can choose to bid in Bitcoin for a connection to a faster "premium node" to load the block chain in less time, bids set the price.
4. With the prospect of getting paid new participants will load the client to form the premium node ecosystem.
5. You, the dev, go down in the annals of history as the developer who helped save Bitcoin and receive donations along the way.
If you are a developer reading this, who is going to build it, PM me. I want to be the second premium node.
// written from my phone -excuse the typos and brevity. 
@_date: 2013-08-24 17:08:38
What is Bitcoin and how does it work?
Hey Reddit help me button this up.  I want a clean explanation to give to non-technical people interested in Bitcoin.
  
I.	Bitcoin is a digital currency with no central authority that is secured by cryptography and managed by an open source protocol anyone can review.
II.	Anyone who has internet access, or even only a phone, can transact in Bitcoin.
III.	The total number of possible Bitcoins is capped and the “minting” of new Bitcoins will occur roughly every 10 minutes as reward for a process called mining until the cap is reached. 
IV.	The cap and algorithmically controlled rate of “minting” makes Bitcoin scarcity both real and predictable and is partially why Bitcoin is believed to hold value better than alternatives that do not force similar scarcity limits.     
V.	Unlike traditional currencies or precious metals, Bitcoin is highly divisible making it capable of accommodating massive future adoption on a global scale even after all Bitcoin has been mined.   
VI.	Bitcoin transactions are more similar to cash than credit cards, PayPal, or Bank Transfers in that they do not require an intermediary financial processing service. They are primarily person-to-person or person-to-business with no need for a financial institution to manage the transaction.  
VII.	All Bitcoin transactions flow on a network that spans thousands of systems around the world.
VIII.	The network is resilient with no single point of failure and its cryptographic processing power from the mining exceeds the world’s top 500 supercomputers combined and is growing at an exponential rate. 
IX.	The Bitcoin network keeps a ledger of all transactions called the Blockchain.
X.	To prevent anyone from falsifying or otherwise gaming transactions, cryptography is used to securely originate transactions from Bitcoin wallets.
XI.	Cryptography is also used by the network miners to function as a signing notary to prevent double spending and to make each transaction official in the ledger. 
XII.	As with any currency Bitcoin’s worth is based on the market’s trust in its ability to hold and transfer value. 
XIII.	People trust in Bitcoin because its open logic, tamper resilient nature, global adoption, and inherent digital advantages like instantaneous transportability and transfer make it better than any traditional currency or precious metal. 
DISCLAIMER: Bitcoin is still in its early stages and considered highly speculative. Bitcoins can be subject to theft and must be protected. Bitcoin is not legal tender under any sovereign jurisdiction and purchasing Bitcoin can result in serious regret, especially if you wait until a year from now before you get some.
[Edit 1, Thanks: gox, TheMania and v-4]
Feel free to pull from this: 
@_date: 2013-08-01 03:26:29
Thanks now IV focuses on scarcity and its benefits over alternatives.
@_date: 2013-11-14 23:38:21
Not strange at all. If the value of your dollars is going down due to QE you can invest in stocks to hedge inflation... and now Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-08-01 03:24:57
Good insights. The depreciation statement now focuses on scarcity in IV. I added a reference to miners in XI and added ease of entry reference in II. ...seem better?  
@_date: 2013-08-01 03:27:38
I tried to cover this with the addition of VI.
@_date: 2013-05-22 13:37:14
Well not at the Rollingstone. All I'm saying is as long as bitcoin users push 'big bad government' views the future of bitcoin is limited. Gambling and drug related bitcoin sites further hurt the cause by giving politicians a means of portraying bitcoin as an underworld currency for geeks with a broken moral compass. 
I want bitcoin to go mainstream but for that to happen we need to be careful and credible with anti-government claims. 
@_date: 2013-05-22 04:57:32
First of all a CD right now will get you only 1% at best, so the only reason to choose that is safety and security. You might argue that's a fallacy and bitcoin is just as safe in the long run but that line of thinking requires an early adopter's leap of faith. 
Also, you used the word "corruption" in your post and I see it all over the bitcoin subreddit. I personally feel that's not well supported (in the US) and we've got to substantiate a claim like that if it's going to be used. Not doing so makes bitcoin users sound like a bunch of lunatics. 
 