@_author: richardboase
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:32:25
... and why it's good for western people to leave their comfort zones and go and look at the world from a different perspective. It's SUPER easy to be critical of someone who goes and sees for themselves, it's less easy to go out somewhere and actually do your own thinking on a subject. 
@_date: 2014-11-16 14:07:27
I visited Kenya to do a recce and assess how viable Bitcoin was for a random sample of people in different parts of the country. What I found was that M-Pesa was a vastly superior solution on many levels to Bitcoin. 
It's stable, reversible, taxed, and runs on normal feature phones. It has a low time-investment to understand, Safaricom offers loan facilities, and it's widely used as money, so no need to transact constantly between it and the native currency. 
Interestingly most Bitcoin advocates and enthusiasts make this mistake. Bitcoin is not suitable as a daily currency for the unbanked and underbanked, because Bitcoin is not 'a service' or a company, but a technology for connecting financial service companies and moving value around cheaply - and most importantly, for clearing. 
The Economist isn't downplaying bitcoin. I know because I met and talked with the editor for virtual currencies at Bitcoin 2014 in Amsterdam earlier this year. They, and many other forward thinking publications, businesses and industries are watching Bitcoin very closely. 
The problem that many organisations have with promoting any individual asset, is that they have to be objective about their coverage. It's not good for business, or their integrity to promote something at its peak, only to have it drop by 10x in value. That would leave their readers out-of-pocket and pissed off with them. Instead, they might commission opinion pieces by well-known writers on the subject, but opinion pieces are likely to also be balanced and objective. 
My personal take on this issue is that once BitUSD or NuBits are widely understood and traded (or in the case of Kenya, BitShillings) then, because they are a stable synthetic digital currency, you'll see services like M-Pesa and AirTel Money combine so that they're exchanging BitShillings across the networks, instead of swapping M-Pesa to  Kenyan shilllings and then back into Airtel credits. At the moment, their credits are not interchangeable!
This whole area is complex, but Bitcoin and its child technologies are likely overall to simplify things. 
@_date: 2014-08-29 15:20:34
good enough! 
@_date: 2014-04-05 21:00:35
Is it possible that Bitcoin is actually a kind of economic cancer? Something which looks like a healthy outgrowth of cells, but is in fact, a overgrowth of malformed cells which is now metastasising in the global economy? Something which essentially acts as a distribution method for poisons in the system, which corrupts, undermines and generally wrecks havoc on an already unstable (fiat) system? 
My fear is that as Bitcoin grows stronger, our good and healthy institutions, the ones which work, which are backed up by a national constitution whether written or implicit, those supported and funded by our taxes, rather than parasitic commercial banking institutions (which frankly, I could care less about because of the reckless way they create debt in the economy and prey on the weakest), are undermined and thereby ultimately become weaker, and less able to support the basic and advanced economic infrastructure that allows our economies to function so effectively? 
You'll notice by the way, that 'the financial crisis' in the last few years, affected the middle classes the most. The rich got richer, the poor stayed effectively in the same state. It was mostly honest, tax-paying citizens who lost out. Isn't it conceivable that Bitcoin will continue only to empower those who can take advantage of technology and 'game' the system? 
Isn't it realistic to expect the biggest criminals and gamblers in the financial markets to exploit Bitcoin (and people's ignorance), also? 
Finally, I concede that Bitcoin 'may be an economic panacea of sorts', that it may hold the keys to financial empowerment and freedom for 'some parts' of some economies. Particularly developing, emergent and informal economies, and I'd be careful of dismissing it completely, but we first have to concede the remarkable power it has to facilitate harm also, and question ourselves honestly: is money something in which you can 'invest'? Should it appreciate exponentially in value, just because you had the power to buy in early? 
Can a non-governmental form of money be trusted from the perspective of democratically and socially constructed  consensus model? And finally, can you really trust a bunch of profit oriented, highly anonymous (and often demonstrably criminal) actors, not to withdraw all their funds overnight and thereby crash the value of the whole scheme?
There's room to manoeuvre here: it's not straightforward, and I appreciate OP's objections. 
Let's try to be critical, positive and realistic from now on. No more BS propaganda. What is bitcoin useful FOR? Good people, apply here: 
 
@_date: 2014-01-03 09:21:13
it took 6 days to solve the genesis block. It's said Satoshi rested on the 7th... 
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:24:42
Well, the project that supported me had the tablets to give. It wasn't my idea per se, it was something I organised as part of the process. Initially I was just raising funds to take out there to provide communities with some financial support, but it grew into something else. 
You are, unfortunately right about the ivory tower aspect. Yes: I think I was living in an ivory tower, but so are a lot of bitcoiners. It was a reality check for me, yes, it was a bit depressing, but there were a lot of bright spots. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 23:08:14
did he actually put his private key in an email or did he just have block chain backup his wallet file to his email address? 
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:48:28
I tried writing a lot of various articles to send out to various groups but really I found it hard to really identify lessons learned. The best I could do publicly was this: "Dos and Dont's of Bitcoin Fundraising" 
I think it's fair to say that I've learned a lot this year and it's been very challenging. If I ever attempt anything like this again all I can say is that my main weakness was in planning and application and I'd put the focus on attaining more specific, measurable goals. 
The most obvious thing is t make sure that you're bringing the help that's needed rather than the help you want to bring. The difficulty is in finding a balance between the two. 
@_date: 2014-01-20 19:17:54
“Paypal and other payment global payment systems are blocked in Kenya and banks charge a high fee for transferring money into the country. As a result, money gets sucked up into institutions before it reaches the people who need it most. Bitcoin can help solve that problem by putting money directly in the hands of aid workers, teachers, families and farmers.”
@_date: 2014-01-25 21:24:26
Hi Marcos. Part of the project will include educating the four charities I'm working with on how they can use bitcoin, manage private keys, accept donations and exchange bit coins once they've accepted them. 
The addresses posted are addresses that I'm managing, and funds will be transferred over to the charities themselves, once they've received the training. 
As far as my credentials go: here's my presentation to the UK Digital Currency Association (of which I'm a founding member) about the project: 
 I'm also a freelance writer who contributes to coindesk  frequently and I'm well known in the London bitcoin community. 
Please feel free to ask me any more questions about the project, there's also a downloadable PDF here which explains the project in greater detail. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 07:43:32
I think this Mike Hearn is someone else... 
@_date: 2014-11-01 22:20:21
That's precisely what I ended up doing, giving the tablets to trusted third parties, along with a couple of laptops and bitcoin endowments. 
One of the key weaknesses in the project was the lack of structured thinking about how this specific strategy would help people on the ground. The idea was to create a blogging platform on which participants could blog, but that alone would have taken a lot of backup which I didn't have, plus training on the ground in blogging etc, and would almost certainly been of negligible value. 
What I realized almost immediately was that I was basically setting people up to beg, from me, or from 'us' (the bitcoin community) and that that whole idea was extremely misguided. 
The issue of empowering people is great, of course, which is what I hope I did, by giving them technology and funding, and opening up the possibilities to them. 
My theory is, long term, to go back and revisit the projects over the years, and keep building, bit by bit. I went into this with my heart on my sleeve, and I made a whole bunch of beginners errors, but hopefully over the course of a decade or so it'll turn out to be of some use. 
One thing that I'm still struggling with is this notion of 'Saint Satoshi'. 
See, I figured that it would be a good, kind, benevolent action, that would reflect positively on Bitcoin's image and the value of the network, and I still think that this is right approach: do the right thing, and good things will follow as a result. 
But the issue I'm facing is how far to take the evangelism, philosophy, and pseudo-religious stuff. When you're living amongst devout and kind Christians in Africa, it kind of makes you take a second look at how you frame things. I have this sort of notion of Satoshi as being the first patron saint of teh internetz... but I'm not sure if it translates into reality. 
@_date: 2014-01-25 21:32:01
EDIT: The above deleted post someone said 'No one is starving in Kenya". Then they deleted it when I posted this response: 
"No one is starving in Kenya" - is unfortunately VERY far from true. Kibera, the slum outside Nairobi is one of the biggest in the world,  home to almost a million people many of whom have to forage in the trash for food. 
Watch this doc about Kibera for more information: 
Not only that, but the world's biggest refugee camp Dadaab is the largest refugee camp in the world, in the north of Kenya near the border with Somalia. 
Refugees from Somalia and the Sudan have flooded into Kenya in recent years and without money, food, or access to basic healthcare makes it one of the (continuing) worst humanitarian crises in the world... 
Watch this documentary about the crisis in Dadaab. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 07:47:17
except that this isn't the mike hearn you're looking for... I wonder what the Bitcoin Mike Hearn would have to say?
@_date: 2014-08-31 14:40:55
would be a nice moment to have a multisig wallet that was held by the major payment processors: BitPay+CoinBase etc. for mutual oversight and maybe help lend cohesion to the industry  
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:17:27
One of the central reasons for visiting Kenya was to get first hand experience of how Bitcoin might interact with the digital cash economy which they have got going there already, and which works. 
I'm kind of annoyed that I didn't cover this in greater depth. There's a huge misconception out there about how 'one third of Kenyans have a Bitcoin wallet on their phones' that I see reported over and over again by evangelical bitcoiners. It's not true. It never was. 
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:30:54
... and one of the main findings is 'yes in theory' but 'not in practice - yet'. 
They do use M-Pesa (great reason to visit Kenya and do research), but Safaricom is like a bank, bitcoin is not compatible with their business model. 
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:13:05
Hmm.... 
OK first off, I don't think the Bitcoin community's focus on Financial Inclusion is misguided, but the problem is that it looks like a form of private capital and it puts people at risk if they don't understand that 'access to financial markets entails risk by default' also, it's fair to say that no-one can afford to lose half their net wealth to volatility, not the rich, not anyone, but when you only look at one side of the coin... being overly evangelical about the technology risks ignoring the possible downsides. 
Actuallly, I never said that Kenyans hedge using the dollar. I was asked about Venezuela and Zimbabwe, and I replied that they use the dollar, though it turns out that in practice small business people hedge using whatever local product is considered valuable, for example, cattle, persian rugs, cars etc. 
When it comes to fraud, I think we'd be remiss not to acknowledge the Bitcoin ecosystem is riddled with fraudulent actors and con artists of every stripe. The issue is not so much accountability: there are good ways of accounting, however, the downside is a factor. This is outside of the domain of most charities. 
In terms of remittance, Bitcoin is a very cheap option, but the infrastructure isn't competitive enough yet to compete with centralised services money gram and western union, WHEN YOU FACTOR IN EXCHANGE RATES. 
@_date: 2014-03-20 19:36:34
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:29:02
OK, I raised a total of 10 Bitcoins alongside the tablets, which were donated by the Bitcoin Tablet Project. I think there were around 12 - 15 Tablets which were given to various people on the projects, not three, and then 6 projects were given a total of 10 bitcoins as long-term investments, so you're not spot on with this... on the other hand, it wasn't actually as depressing as it sounded. The majorly depressing thing was the price crash . 
The charities thought they were receiving $2000 each, and then that crashed, plus the learning curve on what they were being given... all added up to a long story. 
I also didn't conclude that they had no purpose, just that the project idea was a little bit flawed in conception. 
@_date: 2014-08-29 15:20:46
even better!
@_date: 2014-11-15 12:04:49
I stopped reading at "Now, bitcoin is supposed to be a monetary asset, in the same way as fiat, or as physical gold: it doesn't serve any other purpose but as "money", that is, intermediate vector of value." 
Nope. It's a protocol. Back to the drawing board. Try again. 
@_date: 2014-01-16 16:20:13
Pretty much spells 'huge rush to buy bitcoin in Russia before it's illegal...' doesn't it? 
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:22:02
Well Amir, perhaps you're right, perhaps it was arrogant to go as an outsider with techno-utopic visions, but on the other hand, why not go and see for yourself, plant seeds and see if you can make a difference over time. 
What you fail to appreciate is that I went out there because I believed in something and I had a vision and was testing a hypothesis. Yeah, it was a  bit depressing, and it could have worked better if I'd planned things better, but you live and learn right. 
I'm pretty sure that you will try and fail at things too. 
@_date: 2014-11-03 20:49:37
Agreed, absolutely. I definitely want to revisit this project in future. 
@_date: 2014-09-09 09:17:09
They should run this on coin desk. Lol. "Guy gives up early on Bitcoin"
Did you know email was being used in Academia in the 1970s? 
It took 10 years before IT professionals in multinational companies were using to communicate (e,g. Shell 1985 l) 
And another 10 years before people started getting their own personal emails at home? (eg. AOL 1995)
...and even then it wasn't considered ubiquitous until 2000. 
That's 25 years for the record. 
So you're dumping three months into this thing? OK. So. what?
@_date: 2014-10-30 09:28:39
Bitcoin is the CPU Clock for the internet. That's it's killer app. 
The majority of computer processing power is dedicated towards powering the network unless processing power is required elsewhere, in which case the other task is required to pay for processing power it borrows. 
Bitcoin is the first CPU clock of a globally distributed main-frame super computer which we currently call 'the internet'. 
@_date: 2014-03-30 14:00:19
Address the potential uses and acknowledge that it's unclear what exactly the applications are, but there are likely applications down the road, for example: records companies and the movie studios complain that they're losing money to pirates every year, but there's no way to shut down torrenting. Perhaps Bitcoin can help monetise torrenting in a way whereby micro-transactions could actually be channelled back to the studios. We're used to paying exorbitant amounts to go to the movies, because there are so many overheads, but with P2P super-distribution, the overheads are tiny: minimal, virtually non-existent, so paying a few pennies to watch a hollywood movie, directly to the studio could potentially equal the revenue they;d otherwise get. 
My point is that IF bitcoin can be applied to the 'problems' of content distribution (be that journalism, photography, movies, music) on the internet, then it could become the cornerstone of a new and strong digital economy, that is not reliant on (terrible) subscription models, like netflix and spotify. 
Consider the possibilities , and make some conjectures: "How could Bitcoin Change the Digital Economy for the Better!??"
@_date: 2014-01-20 20:34:04
I take your point. No one I've talked to about this project thinks it's a good idea to push gambling with a highly volatile currency experiment on the world's poorest people, but that's not the aim of this exercise.
They need not necessarily hold bitcoin for longer than the time it takes to send it across the bitcoin network. In practice, the shortest you could it hold it for is 20 minutes, which, if handled by an exchange at home could possibly insure you against a dramatic loss. 
@_date: 2014-03-15 20:34:57
or to put it another way... All time high: 
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:14:53
Or maybe, go out and see if your assumptions are correct, find a whole load of challenges, learn something new, come home and figure out a new path. 
@_date: 2015-01-20 14:32:26
...or option b): Ross Ulbrich ran Silk Road.
@_date: 2013-11-06 08:51:13
Isn't a twitter handle enough? 
@_date: 2013-11-06 09:01:16
Except that Primecoin uses a proof of work which is useful for science and technology, so you don't know how Proof of Work can be applied to distributed computing projects yet. 
@_date: 2013-05-10 16:30:32
Actually, there is a way to make this kind of system work, you just don't know what it is yet. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 01:06:10
The post chinese ruling crash might look bad to an outsider, but to a bit coiner it's still all gravy. The point is that the protocol is designed around a problem in computer science called 'The Byzantine General's Problem' which asks how a general consensus can be achieved by multiple separated groups with no knowledge of who is within the circle and a possible defector. It's a very neat solution, and one which game theorists, which if they understand the intricacies of the quorum system devised, would LOVE. It basically ensures cooperation amongst the base of every nation, disintermediating their individual central banks. The result is that you'll get a true anti-fragile (sticky, robust) system that has very high fault tolerance. Hence: Chinese rules are irrelevant in the long run... (Either that or Bitcoin precipitates a single global fascist state...).
@_date: 2013-11-08 15:04:24
Hi Jason, can I have a contact detail from you please? Email or bit message ID would be great. Thanks. 
You can bitmessage me at 
@_date: 2013-11-08 15:25:24
Really nice little ticker. Glad to finally have one on my desktop that reads Bitstamp instead of MtGox price!!!! :) 
@_date: 2013-12-29 00:39:33
Most astute comment. My feelings precisely and I'm tempted to forward your thoughts to the man himself at 