@_author: rickigot
@_date: 2014-05-27 01:03:33
We're based out of Australia. Other exchanges charge anywhere from 2% to 5.5% there. We usually charge 1% and have dropped it to 0.50%. Like any business (exchange), as we grow, this fee will only go down. We're committed to keeping the fee as low as possible but it will take some time of course! 
@_date: 2014-09-04 03:16:57
Wish it was that simple. If you take the time to read and use it, you will quickly realise thats not the case. 
@_date: 2014-09-04 23:46:38
No worries! Happy to help.
You can withdraw approximately $25 USD or close to $30 AUD at current rate. 
If you don't feel comfortable providing your ids, there are other ways we can identify you. 
For example: Give your utility bill. We will check your name on Whitepages and call your landline to confirm you are who say you are. 
By sending physical letter to your address to with a special code (still in works).
@_date: 2014-09-08 08:06:41
This certainly provides some insight on what we deal with on a daily basis and how we fight fraud on our system - 
@_date: 2014-04-06 04:44:15
Thanks Coiner!
We're delighted to be listed on Compare Bitcoins Australia!
@_date: 2014-12-28 19:59:04
Thanks a lot!
We're glad you like it!
@_date: 2014-09-04 22:39:34
You are able to withdraw as per your daily limit. You can withdraw up to 0.05 BTC a day if you just verify your phone (2FA) and address.
It is very easy to lift those limits too.
@_date: 2014-09-24 02:37:47
Please make sure you are not trying to login from the sign up form on the home page.
Many people unknowingly do that.
Please click SIGN IN from top right to login.
@_date: 2014-06-11 14:43:56
Hi there! 
We already have 2FA. You can activate it once you login. If you guys think of any feature that you might want to see on igot, please email us on hello We're always listening! 
@_date: 2014-09-05 04:42:58
Each exchange is different. Run by different people and set of policies. We're more of an international exchange so we do have to make sure we find a common policy as often as policy to serve our users.
If you do not have a photo id, you can always ask to be verified via Mail and we're more than happy to do that.
@_date: 2014-09-04 22:36:38
Buying and receiving is within minutes. It just depends on what you classify as receiving. You are receiving your Bitcoin on igot's hosted wallet. If you wish to transfer it to your offline wallet, you do need to have the verification completed for all the reasons listed above. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 16:20:29
Great news! We're happy to assist you in any way possible! Welcome to igot.com :)
@_date: 2014-12-28 20:02:55
Hello Guys,
Its clear we need to do a better job here.
There is no denying that.
With series of changes at igot and its banking partners, we've had a lot to adjust in past weeks. Unfortunately, this affected some withdrawals in Singapore and in Hong Kong.
We've made some changes internally and expect to fast track everyone starting this week.
Please accept my sincere apologies for any inconvenience this may have caused.
Rest assured, we will make sure you are satisfied going forward.
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:47:02
Hi Nooku,
Thanks for your comments.
1. Daily withdrawal limits and way to lift them is clearly listed on the site. Its very easy to lift those restrictions and withdraw as many as 500 BTC a day.
2. As for your login problem -- it seems like you're trying to login from the SIGN UP FORM on homepage.
Many users do that.
Please use SIGN IN from top right to login.
Getting to Level 2 is pretty straight forward and easy.
We are simply not interested in running yet another 'anonymous Bitcoin exchange'. 
Bitcoin may have started like that, but we think that is not the right way going forward. If you see the evolving economy of Bitcoin, you will notice 99% of the exchanges do require to meet KYC and AML policies laid out by the Government around the world. 
We certainly do not want to be in middle of some big (or small) money laundering operations that fund illegal trades such as drug trafficking, and  terrorism to name few. 
Rest assured, igot is not here to scam you or anyone else. That's not why we started this platform. 
We are known for our extra precautions (sometimes criticized)  and many users get frustrated, which we understand and listen to.
But due to number of BPAY frauds in Australia, we have to be very careful with every account. We've blocked thousands of dollars worth of fraud by enforcing strict KYC. 
What these scammers really do is use BPAY to fund igot, then withdraw Bitcoin.
Once the Bitcoin is sent, they’re gone. There’s nothing anyone can do about it.
As an exchange, it is our job to make sure this doesn’t happen.
When this happens, the following happens:
The scammer has gotten away with free Bitcoin
The victim (who’s bank account or card was used) is out of money
igot then needs to make sure the money is given back to the victim, affecting our bottom line
Banks see this as high risk business and shuts down Bitcoin related bank accounts
We see a lot of classic frauds every day and you, as our user have to understand that we need to be extra careful. 
We’ve seen so many cases where:
Scammer scammed someone’s bank account and took of with Bitcoin
Some unsuspected old people have had their life savings or major portion of it taken away
Some kids use their parent’s bank account to buy Bitcoin without understanding the risks (and they’re under 18 years of age)
Some people have had their identity and cards stolen from their mailbox while they were away
As we grow, we are constantly reviewing our policies to make sure we're able to eliminate fraud and lift limits on most accounts instantly.
As part of our voluntary obligation, we meet the AML and KYC policies laid by the government. This is good for Bitcoin ecosystem in general and since Bitcoin is not yet regulated, we think self regulated exchanges like ourselves are doing the right thing (legally speaking).
We look forward to your feedback. Please feel free to email us on hello
We will be happy to help.
Rick Day
@_date: 2014-08-31 01:01:14
Our head quarters is in Australia. We have local banking relationship in Australia. You can see more information on us on ASIC if you prefer. Our website provides a lot of details too. 
@_date: 2014-05-27 16:22:38
Australians are known to pay more for goods and services. That is the ongoing debate every single day. We just want to make sure we're not one of those companies who charge Australians more just because Apple or Microsoft gets away with it! 
Competition is healthy for Bitcoin economy and the Australian market.
@_date: 2014-06-11 14:45:56
Absolutely! Remittence is big part of Bitcoin adaptability and we encourage everyone who sends money locally or internationally to try igot (Bitcoin).
@_date: 2014-09-01 04:43:27
That's a overall Bitcoin volume in past 24 hours, not just on igot to be clear.
@_date: 2014-09-04 14:08:37
Hi everyone,
This is Rick from igot.com.
I would like to take this opportunity to go over some of your concerns.
First of all, thank you for trying igot. 
I know some of you are not completely happy and are frustrated, and we totally understand that. 
Allow me to explain the process here and the reason behind it for you to see where we're coming from.
1. Payments Processing Time for Incoming payments
Cash transfers: within 4 to 12 hours
Bank transfers: within 1 to 3 days (This depends on the banks). Also, even if you transfer from the same bank as ours, the statement does not show a transaction details (your reference number or name for at least 1 business day). Without those details, we simply do not know who sent that money.
BPAY Transfers: within 1 to 3 days. If sent on a weekend, it will most likely be credited to us on  Tuesday afternoon.
2. Withdrawal restrictions are available upfront for everyone to see. Even before you buy any Bitcoin, it is listed on BUY BITCOIN, SELL BITCOIN, SEND BITCOIN page. 
Why do we need this? 
Every level has different withdrawal limits. This is done to protect ourselves from fraudulent transactions.
It might come as a surprise to you, but the number of banking frauds in Australia are alarming. Many people fall prey to phishing scams and give out their bank details. These unsuspecting customers get their bank accounts compromised and of course because we offer Bitcoin services, they would send us a BPAY, take Bitcoin out and be done.
This means the following:
 -- Unsuspecting customer will finally notice that there is some money missing from their account and complaints to their bank
 -- Their bank contacts ours bank
 -- Our bank contacts us alerting us of fraud
 — This means our bank will most certainly close our account and make sure they don’t support any more Bitcoin related business
If we allow bigger withdrawals in the meantime, we're out of pocket.
Bitcoin has left the system.
And by this time we've certainly burned our relationship with the banks, prompting them to ban our bank account and that would mean no more BPAYs for our business.
Banks view Bitcoin as very high risk business and for us to make sure they are comfortable with it, we have put in place certain guidelines.
These guidelines help us keep our fraud level down, keeps the banks happy, and of course helps us grow our exchange.
We've caught over $250,000 worth of frauds in past 6 months alone because we have this in place.
You have to understand that we're a start up. We cannot afford to lose such amounts to fraudulent transactions.
We've spent months building this platform even before it went live. 
We work hard every single day to make sure we're able to provide a good service to our customers.
 
Can we make everyone happy? Answer is NO. We cannot make everyone happy. Every customer has different experience and expectations. Some think we're great, some thinks we're not worth it and thats fine. We can only try to change this perception by offerings better service and making sure we try and keep most of you happy.
3. Bank authentication: We send $0.01 to your bank within hours of you adding your bank account. This process is completed from our end within 12 hours in most cases.
Now, you have to understand that this is coming from our bank to your bank - depending on their arrangements with each other, this can take 1 to 3 days as well.
We absolutely cannot control this at all.
4. Buy Bitcoin in minutes: This is not a false statement at all. 
Our platform works in a very simple way. 
- You load your fiat wallet with cash
- You use that wallet to buy Bitcoin
If you have money in your wallet at igot, buying Bitcoin takes 2 clicks and way less than minutes. 
If you want to buy something, you need to have money in your wallet and at igot, your wallet must be funded for this to happen.
5. Credit Cards: We do not accept credit card for Bitcoin. No big exchange does and no banks would work with us to do that. The risk is way too high to offer such service. 
We're working with several e-wallet companies that will eventually allow us to accept payments in different ways and we expect it to be announced in coming weeks.
6. Our fee structure:
We compete with local exchanges in Australia.
We offer a local service in Australia, meaning you are dealing with a local business with local bank accounts.
If you are dealing with an overseas exchange, where the price maybe $10 lower than ours, that means you're also spending $22 to send that wire transfer to them.
That also means, you're paying $12 for each incoming wires.
That also means, you will lose some dollar value in 'exchange rates' between USD and AUD.
We make it simpler for you to buy and sell within Australia.
Are we few dollars pricier than our overseas competition, yes we are. But when you calculate the saving or spending, you're spending same amount anyway.
And as for 1% fee -- we are happy to work with you on individual basis to bring this fee down if you have enough volume AND history with us.
7. 7 day wait explanation:
Many people are misguided by this 7 day wait period thing.
Many people elect to read someone's experience on a forum and decide that they need to wait 7 days. Its not true for all and its not applicable to all.
If you deposit cash or bank transfers, provide your identity and are verified (which is done WITHIN 24 hours in most cases), you are Level 2 already and you can withdraw Bitcoin instantly.
HOWEVER, if you send us a BPAY (which comes with huge fraud risk) - we ask you to wait 7 days from date of your FIRST TRANSACTION.
Why do we do this? 
Because this allows us to go back to our bank and make sure you are the rightful owner of this account that you used to send us BPAY.
This takes 3 to 5 business days. That's why we put ONE OFF 7 day wait on ONLY BPAY Payments.
Once we’ve done this process once, we know you are using your own bank account and we can trust you. This is when your limits are lifted automatically. 
And finally, we’re a small team.
Our business is growing quickly and we’re still working on improving our system.
We’re not perfect. No one is.
We learn from our customers’ feedback and constantly try to improve our services. 
Bitcoin may have started as some anonymous currency, but legitimate businesses are born in this industry. Government is taking active interest in the industry. 
Our requirements to make sure you are verified and you provide your ID is to make sure we’re meeting our obligation to AML and KYC voluntarily.  
We’re not here for a short ride. We take this business very seriously and we take the responsibility that it comes with very seriously. 
While you might not all agree with our process, many do.
If there were no fraud risks and we just offered cash deposits, I’m sure we can all agree that our process will be different. But because certain payment methods pose threat, we need to be sure we are careful. Thousands of customers put their money and Bitcoin on our platform and believe it or not, we need to make sure we keep their money and Bitcoin safe. 
And honestly, we won’t be able to make everyone happy regardless.
All I can tell you is that we work really hard to serve you everyday. And we appreciate your business. And we have a lot of gratitude for our customers for giving us this opportunity to serve them and grow our exchange.
I encourage all of you to please take the time to read the FAQ, Browse the site and not be caught up with something you do not prefer. For us to have you at Level 2, there are conditions to be met. Its very easy and only takes a few steps. 
Thank you.
Rick Day
Founder, igot.com.
PS: Please email us on hello with any suggestions or complaints you might have. Our team will be happy to assist. 
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:09:24
Its not about taking customer's money and holding it. Bitcoin is very volatile. We allow you to buy and sell Bitcoin instantly so you do not lose on the value, but to meet our legal obligations, we need to conduct KYC and meet our Anti Money Laundering obligations. We only place restrictions on withdrawals while we do that. I am sure most of you here can appreciate that locking in your Bitcoin price is crucial to your trades.
@_date: 2015-01-27 22:17:26
I am just giving you possible reasons.
As for allowing you to buy and sell easily without restrictions - its simple. Bitcoin is volatile. We at least allow you to lock in your price.
For withdrawals, we need verification and this is clearly listed on the site even before you send any dollars to us. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:03:09
Hello there,
First of all, we're an exchange that needs to meet certain legal requirements.
If your passport has expired, you are in Belgium, and money comes from a bank in Australia, it automatically flags your account.
For us to resolve this, it takes time.
There are number of factors in play.
We need to understand who you are?
Are we breaking any Money Laundering laws?
And what is the right solution to approve such accounts - legally.
If there are several flags like this on an account, our compliance need to spend the time to review all information available.
I understand you are in a rush, but compliance issues cannot be taken lightly. We need to be able to make sure this is not fraud.
You know who you are, but we don't and this is what we're trying to ensure.
Support tickets are usually responded in 24 hours, but if your ticket needs attention from compliance, it can and will take longer.
We cannot expedite the compliance process under any circumstances.
Please open 1 support ticket to make it easier for you to track it and for us to respond to.
Thank you.
@_date: 2015-01-28 01:42:36
Bitcoin has great use case for Remittance. Making money movement faster and easier. But guess what? You and I are not the only ones thinking that. Scammers, drug dealers, terrorists and many such people have the same idea. You are looking at it from a consumer point of view, we are looking at from an exchange point of view. Your obligation to store or report data is almost zero, while we may be subject to a much rigorous reporting system in future. Moving money should be easy, but only when you meet all the requirements. If we don't do our job at verifying users and country A, B and C - we're basically supporting money laundering. We're not interested in that. There is more to money laundering law than you realize. And as an exchange, we have to make sure we are not being used for it. 
If you are not happy because we need to be compliant, I am not sure what to add to it.
@_date: 2015-01-27 16:34:42
Thank you for all your comments - positive and negative.
For us to do better, we require all kinds of feedback.
First of all, please accept my sincere apologies for the ones that have been waiting for their withdrawals, for whatever reasons.
I would like to take this opportunity to comment on the issues posted here and resolve it for you.
 BTC pending withdrawal for some people - if the account is in Review. Some of the reasons are:
- As an exchange, we have to make sure that we are meeting our legal obligations.
- We have to make sure that there are no, or at the very least, minimum fraudulent transactions on the system
- We have to make sure we’re not giving away Bitcoin to a fraudulent person who used someone else’s bank account to fund their account
- We have to make sure that Bitcoin leaves the system only when we are satisfied that the person withdrawing it has not used fake names, fraudulent documentation, and is the rightful owner of the bank account the funds came from
- We have to make sure that there are no discrepancies on one’s account - such as multiple IPs, excessive failed login attempts and more.
- If our bank has contacted us about potential fraud, we need to wait for the issue to be resolved between the bank, the account holder in question, and us
- We have to make sure that we are in compliance at all times
1) The person with 13 BTC withdrawal. We’re not going to comment on specifics of the case, but the account was in review because of the discrepancies, excessive failed login attempts and more.
The explanation was offered to the customer and they have agreed that the suspicion we had were reasonable. We’re working with them to understand the  situation and resolve it of course.
2) The verification process. 
We’re an exchange and we need to meet our AML and KYC obligations. KYC is not and cannot be done in matter of minutes or hours. If you live in country A, provide identity from  country B, and deposit money from country C - it is a huge red flag. That to us is high risk and we will need to take our time to throughly review their documentations and other information provided. 
To add to that, we cannot accept expired identity documentations either. The documents have to be valid and has to be current, including your utility bills. 
Compliance is a very important step and we ask our users not to get impatient. 
3) Even if you are at Level 2 and the system flags you for whatever reason, we need to make sure we attend to that. We cannot fast track certain compliance requirements at all. Bank frauds, BPAY frauds, and Bitcoin frauds are way too common for us, or any exchange to ignore. The risk is bigger than the reward. We’re not in this business for fraudulent people to move money anonymously. We require full disclosure from our users. 
4) Room for improvement - Can we do better? Of course! There is always room for improvement, opportunity to learn, and serve you better. We appreciate your feedback.
We will make it our mission to expedite what we can to make sure there are no delays.
There is no excuse for us to delay legitimate withdrawals and for the legitimate delays, please accept our apologies. 
At the same time, we have to make sure that the fraudulent ones don’t get away with free Bitcoin.
Its bad for us, its bad for the victim, and ultimately, its bad for Bitcoin.
If your account is experiencing excessive delays - I ask you to email compliance to ask why. 
If your account is in review and is being investigated, we will not be able to give you all details upfront (so we don’t tip off the fraudulent guys), but will provide a timeframe.
For any other inquiries, please open a Support Ticket, or email hello
Once again, please accept my sincere apologies for delays on legitimate withdrawals. Rest assured, we will resolve this for you right away.
Rick Day
@_date: 2015-03-29 14:24:55
Thank you for writing back.
I totally agree that the communication should be much faster.
At the same time, if there is a compliance related issue, this needs to be addressed internally. 
You had someone sent money to us on your behalf.
You know that person, we do not.
We need to be sure its not a fraud.
And we need to conduct our own internal investigation for the same.
ID's, banks, and  transfers cannot be investigated within 24 hours. These things can take sometime. 
From what I see, it took a total of 5 days -- including we asking for documentations, you providing it, and we running it on net verify.
We completed the ID verification in 2 days after you submitted it. 
This is most certainly a compliance issue and I think it was resolved rather quickly -- given your history with us.
In other cases, we write a bank check and mail it to the person who sent us those funds and that can take 10 to 15 business days.
Nonetheless, we continuously monitor such support issues to make sure we perform better. There is always room for improvement.
Thank you.
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:20:48
Thank you for writing.
For us to credit your account, money needs to come from your account. We cannot and do not accept payments on your behalf. It is a classic AML flag and we absolutely need to make sure it is safe for us to credit such amounts.
There is no definite timeline for this verification because it depends on number of factors:
1. Contacting our bank to investigate any fraud
2. Ask customers to provide additional details
3. Have that third party verify their own id on igot
4. Run such ID's on Netverify to make sure it is not fraud
As you can see, multiple parties are involved when system flags you for sending money from a third party, it cannot be expedited.
The forum post does not expedite this process at all. 
Internal process and investigation is the only way to resolve such discrepancies.
Please make sure you send us money from your verified bank account to avoid such situations.
@_date: 2015-02-11 06:51:52
You are based in Europe. Your money comes from Australia, ID's are Australian. That most definitely flags you on the system. If you are based in Europe, use SEPA payments to igot instead of depositing money in Australia. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 06:55:19
 But did you follow them completely? Problem is, people think Bitcoin exchanges need zero compliance and they should not have to verify their identity or provide further verification so we, as an exchange can meet our AML / CTF and KYC obligations. igot is the buyer and seller of your Bitcoin. Of course we are required to make sure the transaction is safe for us. The fraud is non-existent as well. Its totally different experience to own a couple of Bitcoin and run an exchange. Completely different. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 16:04:54
Because your IPs are not from where money comes from, your withdrawals goes through manual approval. It is important for us to manage fraud risks. 
@_date: 2015-02-27 19:39:41
Hi Mitch,
We provide a localized service in countries we operate.
Meaning, you do not pay international wire fee to send or receive funds from an overseas exchange. The wire fee along from Australia costs $22 to $25. Incoming wires are $12. 
Since we provide a much convenient way to fund and withdraw your funds, we charge a little extra for buy orders but also pay a little extra for sell orders.
Also, there is no set premium of $12. 
Hope this makes sense!
Rick