@_author: rickandmowgli
@_date: 2018-02-26 00:46:55
Neither of your statements about security were precise or accurate. 
Let me help you out so that next time when you make the "blockchain not crypto" argument you can be a bit more precise. Also I don't know of any public blockchain that operates without a cryptocurrency. If you know of one then I will gladly stand correct and please let me know as I'd be very interested in how that works.  It sounds more like you're talking about permissioned blockchains like hyperledger, quorum, corda etc which use consensus mechanisms that do not utilize cryptocurrencies. 
Permissioned consensus mechanisms typically have a variety of benefits including increased transactional throughput and scalability. They also require a trusted set of nodes to ensure consensus and create new blocks due to the lack of economic inventive available for running a node.  So your argument could go along the lines of -- "the tradeoff of requiring trusted nodes is worth the reduced decentralization for the benefits provided in terms of scalability and XYZ".  
That help?  
P.S. By the way I completely disagree with the "blockchain not crypto" argument.  The advantages  provided by public blockchains are clearly far superior in my humble "Mr. Expert" opinion.
@_date: 2018-02-25 16:40:03
“It's not what you don't know that kills you, it's what you know for sure that ain't true.”
― Mark Twain
I'd suggest you do more research before throwing around technical terms that you may not fully understand. While private blockchains do not necessarily need cryptocurrencies, your statement on security reveals some fundamental misunderstandings of the technology.
Ironically, you mention SHA-256 as part of the security mechanism of blockchains. Do you know what SHA-256 is used for in blockchains? Hashing in proof of work.  Do you know what proof of work is for? Reaching consensus on blockchain state and *security*.  Do you know what the proof of work mechanism uses to incentivize nodes? Cryptocurrency.  There is no need for SHA-256 if you don't have a cryptocurrency.
Go read the hyperledger architecture document and you won't find any mention of SHA-256: 
A great place to improve your understanding blockchain itself (private or public) is by tracing their origins and the fundamental problems that they solved: 
Once you understand those then on to mastering bitcoin: 
Good luck and I hope whatever impulse brought you to this subreddit also gives you enough motivation to investigate the history of bitcoin and blockchain themselves. Cheers. 
@_date: 2018-02-26 01:09:16
OK so you do completely misunderstand. Give me one example of a public blockchain without an associated cryptocurrency.