@_author: ricovoxx
@_date: 2014-02-03 21:08:24
This story is a bit fishy, and here are some of its issues:
1) The OP states, "We waited for the transaction to show on blockchain but it never did."  
The transaction would have shown up on blockchain whether or not the QR code belonged to the manager--as long as the code indicated a valid bitcoin address. The OP would have just shown the confirmation from his device to the manager.
2) Cash registers almost always have cameras pointed at them. The camera would also likely catch the person who put up the duplicate sign.
3) This scam could only possibly work once before it is caught. Who would go through the risk of getting caught putting up a duplicate sign if at most they would make $100 or so?
@_date: 2013-09-13 16:49:54
This is a complicated issue. Of course the rights of journalists are extremely important to maintaining our freedoms in this country. I greatly appreciate and commend those journalists who risk their lives and careers to combat corruption and injustice.
As a disclaminer, I have never heard of Barret Brown before today, and everything below is based on a fairly shallow review of the articles above and the videos posted by Barret himself.
My conclusion is that I don't think Barret Brown was acting as a journalist in regards to any of the activities his legal charges relate to, but rather for is own self interest.
From what I can tell from the articles and videos posted above, Barret Brown was a pretty "unhinged" individual with major emotional problems and a huge ax to grind with the FBI. His actions were mostly dedicated to personal revenge, not jounalistic ethics.
In his first statements on one of his YouTube videos, he blames the FBI for causing his father to abuse his mother. It's pretty clear from his other statements that his father was a pretty shady character, and was involved in several illegal activities. So Barret Brown has made the FBI his scapegoat for the fact that his father was a criminal and wife-beater.
When Barret Brown posted the link to a document containing credit card numbers and access codes, among a mass of other sensitive information, was he acting out of a journalist's code of ethics to expose the truth? Or was he acting out of negligence and revenge?
A true journalist doesn't post raw, sensitive data. They read it, and write an article summarizing the issues they find most important. Moreover, journalists act out of a desire to inform the public and promote freedom of information and discourse.  But IMHO Barret Brown was acting in his own self-interest, seeking personal revenge and notoriety.