@_author: ridelikeyourmom
@_date: 2014-01-01 16:10:32
Units are in stock right now. The only thing stopping you from having your miner is you. Stop making excuses and deal with it or shut up. You guys really do act like children.
EDIT: BTW Little Singles are still going for $1000 on eBay. If you exchanged for working hardware then turned around and sold it on eBay once you got it you'd basically break even at this point.
@_date: 2014-01-01 15:21:00
They have a lifetime warranty on them. Call them up and get another one.
@_date: 2014-01-01 16:07:19
I'll tell you a little story about me and a guy at work. We're both into Bitcoin and decided to buy BFL gear. I bought my LS about 2 months before he bought equipment. When he finally bought in he bought a few singles and some Jally's. I thought it was a bit of a risk since hardware didn't exist yet but whatever. We both knew about the delays potential hardware issues that could lead to longer delays. I assumed that since we're both grown ass men we'd fully understand the pitfalls of buying pre-order equipment. That wasn't the case.
I sat around and waited for my LS, read Josh's posts, kept up with Jody's blog, and played around with stuff like vid card mining rigs. Bitcoin is fun for me and it was fun to have new computer stuff to play with. The diff kept getting higher but I didn't worry because I paid cash when the LS was less than $700 and am not in this to get rich quick. I had also run a bunch of calculations and it looked like the LS would at least ROI. Again this is fun for me so I kinda didn't care.
Meanwhile he became what I'd consider to be a normal BFL forum poster. Angry, entitled, demanding product. I talked to him about BTC and BFL every once in awhile but he got so much more angry every time I talked to him to the point where he wanted to sue BFL. Apparently he had been advancing credit cards to pay for his orders and was now upset about having to make payments on his "investment" that wasn't there yet.
He eventually canceled his orders and started freaking out about other machines like BitFury. These guys wouldn't "screw" him like BFL and he would get the equipment that he paid for. I basically stopped talking to him at this point. From what I hear now he's chasing some moronic Doge dream with a house of graphics cards.
I eventually got my LS and started mining. It's ROI'ed and now I'm free to do whatever I want with the BTC it's making. The machine has been solid since I plugged it in and beyond it being very loud and a little hotter than I was expecting it does the job. The hardware is also pro and doesn't look like someone's hobby electronics project crammed into a pop-riveted case (I took the case off just to check it out, this is well built in and out). For the money I paid it really is an exceptional product it just took forever to get to me. I like it so much I just bought a Single with BTC earned from the LS since they're on sale. That Single was basically free!!
I can only assume that standard BFL forum poster is basically a problem gambler that has now decided to play BTC mining. Odds in their favor? Fantastic, brag about the "deal" they're getting and all the money they'll be making. Odds against them or things didn't go their way? Someone is out to screw them and it's bullshit. They never have personal responsibility and are unwilling to accept the negative as well as the positive when it comes to risky purchases like this. 
It's really sad, honestly, especially when things like BTC exchange rates are mentioned. No one forced you to pay in BTC and whatever money you lost by doing so is your own damn fault. If someone just discovered unobtainium and saw a potential for it to be worth thousands of dollars a unit in the future only a fool sells for tens. Sorry, you fucked up.
I hope BFL goes back to court and wins. Those of us who were patient seem to really be enjoying our hardware and it does work well. I'd hate to see BFL get sunk by a bunch of "to the moon" man-children when they really do make an exceptional product.
BTW I am in no way associated with BFL and am not getting anything in return for posting this. I simply really like my hardware and am really fucking sick of the cry-babies.
EDIT: payed to paid and removed a this. I need more coffee!
@_date: 2014-01-09 17:13:39
Everyone who gave a crap started last night and you're now seeing pool stats reflect that.
The big issue is GHash having in-house power to pull a 51%. Since outside miners are totally reliant on the ability of ASIC manufactures to release as fast as GHash can build. A lot of miners are waiting on BFL to release the Monarchs. Hopefully that huge push of new Gh into the pool will even things out.
What I'm really interested in is seeing if people cash out their Gh for hardware on GHash. If you have over 115 Gh/s they claim it can be cashed out for hardware but I have yet to read any stories about people actually doing this.
@_date: 2014-01-01 17:43:28
I'll wear it with pride. I've been called an asshole plenty of times before but have never earned a merit badge for it!
@_date: 2014-01-09 16:25:36
If you don't mine what are you going to do about it besides sit here and raise hell on Reddit? Miners will move or they won't. A post every 15 minutes to this sub does nothing.
@_date: 2013-10-18 03:14:01
Cock stamps.
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:09:16
Not really. Even if he would have bought every Bitcoin back when they were $30 that would have cost him around $330 mil. He might own a large chunk but it's unlikely he's trying to get them all.
@_date: 2013-10-19 18:20:33
Go look at the BFL forums or any other miner related thread to see how nasty some people in Bitcoin can get. I personally don't understand these people. This whole thing is still basically gambling and you don't deserve shit. 
It could just be that the only ones that really post in the community are the most hardcore of the neckbeards and as a result most forums feel angry. This isn't good for Bitcoin just like the angry neckbeards weren't good for Linux when it tried to make a run for desktop space in the late 90's.
The community needs to calm down and mature sooner than later or Bitcoin will look like nothing but a nerd toy/drug currency.