@_author: rideelement247
@_date: 2014-01-03 21:52:46
I might just do that instead! It's a shame I can't go the whole weekend though, I would love to hear the speakers.
@_date: 2014-01-09 18:46:33
When I heard that dispensaries couldn't deposit their profit due to federal rules, I thought Bitcoin would help them circumvent that. Honest question though, wouldn't this technically be money laundering since the origin of the cash was BTC that was used to buy drugs(in the eyes of the Fed)?
@_date: 2014-01-03 17:58:06
I would really like to attend this conference, especially being a South Florida native. Unfortunately I have a midterm that following Monday that I will need to study for :(. Hope the weather is nice for all of those lucky enough to attend!
@_date: 2014-02-23 23:13:06
How would data corruption be impossible? What if someone manages to corrupt one of the nodes where a part of my data is stored? Wouldn't that corrupt the whole file?
Another concern of mine is what data I would allow to be shared from my computer. Store parts of your essays and work documents? Fine by me. But what concerns me is if someone uploads and shares something illegal that gets partially stored on my computer. What would happen if someone shared a document with an undercover agent, could they trace part of the file back to me from the source and throw me into legal trouble?
Totally oblivious as to how this would work, but I'm nowhere near well versed enough in the working of the internet to understand these two possible issues. Any clarification greatly appreciated!
@_date: 2013-04-19 11:19:01
What temps was it running at? Just out of curiosity. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:08:33
My mom's friend is a college professor for a small night class in the realm of intro to business 101 and nothing really too difficult to grasp. The professor gave A's to all of the students because they honestly did well(my mom isn't one to stick her neck out for other people's character but she did say this friend was very honest) and deserved the A's. The dean of the business school met with the professor over the class full of A's and essentially said they couldn't afford to have anything look too different from a bell curve. The professor refused to lower the grades for that class and stopped teaching there.
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:53:53
Gotcha. Thanks again!
@_date: 2013-11-13 22:54:26
Are you paying via IBR? You have 26 more years to go, I feel for you man. I'm hoping to do IBR and work for a nonprofit for 10 years or do IBR for 20 years and do loan forgiveness. Are you not planning on utilizing loan forgiveness?
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:40:36
Fellow college student here. I only have 1 BTC but hope it will at least make a tiny dent in my debt at the end of it all.
I'll be about $275k+ in debt. If that one BTC makes even one month's repayment(or less) when I graduate, I will be grateful. 
edit: Good job on paying your debt off. By far the best use of the investment!
@_date: 2013-11-28 18:30:09
"Better to have a buddy with a boat, than to be a buddy with a boat" 
@_date: 2013-11-10 22:31:49
Awesome to hear! I can't wait for this functionality to hit my area. 
@_date: 2013-11-13 18:40:12
This is pretty good! I'll print some of these out. I was looking for something that would be more tailored to buyers than sellers, but this works for the time being. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-11-13 04:26:59
Paging Give this guy your adorable face and love!
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:11:49
Does it work for auctions or only Buy It Now on eBay? The video shows BIN, and I'm assuming it'd be difficult to do on an auction. BTW thanks for bringing this service!
@_date: 2013-11-13 03:57:04
Thanks for all the help guys! I was looking for something more along the lines of a step or pathway looking guide (like the bank scheme one posted here a while back) showing simple steps and examples that would be on one page. I will archive these for later when I need to give in-depth information on BTC. I just need something simple enough to get the gears working in someone's head and get them motivated enough to research it should they choose to do so. One prettier than what I'm capable of - which would be a Word doc Comic Sans nightmare. While I would love to spread the word and talk lots about BTC to folks who are interested, I cannot do my friend an injustice and neglect her business which is the major reason for me being there. If I can sell some people on the Bitcoin vision, great. If not, at least some will hear of it for the first time.
@_date: 2013-11-09 22:26:27
I'm new to coinbase and have it all setup, but am waiting for the 30 days to clear with my BTC so I can be a full fledged verified member.
Is there a way to do this on my computer and not the coinbase app? I can set recurring buys but it doesn't show anywhere I can specify a price per BTC limit.
Thanks for your advice!
@_date: 2013-11-13 05:56:16
Congrats to you! I hope to do the same down the road. I don't have near the number of bitcoins you have and would need 1000 to do so at the current price. However I still have the dream and hope I can at least pay them down some when I can. Cheers!
@_date: 2013-04-07 16:06:58
Or put your BTC on paper and open a safety deposit box at your local bank and store it there where it is insured. Then if anything happens to it you collect insurance.
@_date: 2013-11-09 22:17:22
I agree, just hoping to stretch my investments as best as possible along the way. Thank you for your advice!
@_date: 2013-11-29 01:45:24
Either someone wants to shut down the competition or do a complete site overhaul. Those would be my guesses. Only time will tell.
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:41:58


The code is for 21 million to ever exist. To my knowledge, there's no way to change that. Maybe it could be done with a fork that all clients agreed on? I'm not sure, since I'm not learned in the technicalities of BTC.


There's escrow for that. Or paper wallets you can verify the amount in the account and immediately transfer the funds to your wallet in case the owner kept the private key(s).
@_date: 2013-11-28 19:56:00
Seems like they're selling it to another company. Just did a quick scan on bitcointalk and that's the consensus there.
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:49:03
Have gold for dealing with my poor formatting, tons of questions, yet politely replying to all of them.
I truly appreciate it!
@_date: 2013-11-23 20:57:24
When I do PayPal transactions, I always "gift" the money. No fees and no take-backsies(read: bullshit). That's the only way I will do a transaction through PayPal if it's face to face. Even if it's something you sell that's completely virtual and you cannot trace easily, make them gift you the money.
@_date: 2013-11-13 04:19:51
I think a great way to capitalize on this idea would be people who own shopping malls. Follow me on this for a second. 
Offer retailers/renters/kiosk stand owners a small % discount if they accept bitcoin as payment. Hope/suggest they pass along some of these savings to their customers. Put however many bitcoin ATMs you would need depending on the size of your mall, preferably one by every entrance. Place an informative customer service stand or poster in the mall directory near the ATM that briefly tells shopper what bitcoins are, tell them which vendors in the mall accept them, and which ones offer discounts if bitcoins are used. I would preferentially set the ATMs to cash out a set monetary value paper wallet or physical token, rather than someone who doesn't know or have their own wallet be frustrated with the system. Make increments of $20 for the wallets/tokens from the ATM and the fees reasonable, remember, you want the customer to save money in the end. Customer then goes to their destination, buys $15.80 of merchandise, and will be returned $4.20 in fiat rather confuse them, make them produce their phone for a wallet to send the change, keep a paper wallet or token they don't understand nor know the value of, etc.
I find this a realistic approach to ease people into the idea and become comfortable using it. If they wanted to go further with it, then it would be great. The only stumbling block would be the fluctuations in price given any day. If the fluctuations become minimal and I owned the mall, I would instruct the vendors to give change based on what the price of BTC was when the customer bought in and then reimburse the vendors. If the fluctuations were too large, well there would be some really angry customers, or I would be out a lot of money. But this is a vision I would love to see come to fruition.
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:47:04
Pondered another question.
If I have 50BTC in the offline wallet and send another 50BTC to it's address, will I need to make new backups(USB and paper)? Do the keys change in this instance, or no?
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:21:55
I assumed as much, but didn't have anything to back my assumption. I tend to favor BIN over auction anyways, but was just curious.
Thanks for the reply and well wishes on your service!
@_date: 2013-04-19 14:58:00
My dual 7870's run 81-83 under full load and ~53 when idle. I don't think it is anything to worry about around those temps. My GPUs came with a 3 year warranty so if I kill them before then I have a little security. And after the 3 year mark is when I'll need to upgrade for gaming anyways.
@_date: 2013-11-23 21:43:08
Thank you for your well wishes stranger! I don't mind being rich but my aspiration for BTC is to be able to pay back my student loans, or at least some part of it, so I'm holding onto my 1 BTC hoping it will be worth something. I bought in with cash I'm willingly gambling with and wouldn't be crushed if I lost. But a little part of me hopes that some day I can pay a month's worth of rent with 1 BTC.
Also, thank you for your wisdom. I hope you are well off with your ups and downs in different bubbles!
+all verify
First time tipping and I only have what my meager karma is worth.
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:51:57
I see your point entirely. If I had to keep my BTC anywhere but the internet I would opt out for a deposit box in a bank. They make no money on it and I think you could insure it as "fine art" or some sort of collectible, etc. I am not in the banking biz, so this could be pure speculation on how to insure it and if it is covered. You could always store a USB with the codes as well as the piece of paper since the USB is more tangible in the bank's eyes. 
Then again, if you store things like rare coins, baseball cards, etc., who is to tell you the value of those items besides the current market? And what happens if your mint signed rookie card bursts into flames or is stolen? How can you prove you ever owned it? AFAIK most banks don't really keep tabs on the items in there. I'm sure there has to be a policy out there somewhere that blanket covers everything in the box for a certain value as long as you pay the insurance cost.
Just my 2 cents is all. This is just a suggestion coming from a guy who owns a measly 1 BTC so I am not too concerned about it just yet. I know it goes against principle, but then again it is the only way to protect it that I could think of. If you have homeowner's insurance and your computer/backups of your BTC catch fire or are stolen, I would highly doubt they would pay for it as you have to itemize all damages and they would probably just LOL when you said you lost $X in BTC. Whereas a bank that insures whatever is in the box for $X with the longstanding history of not knowing what ever could be in the box would probably be more willing to fork over the cash. 
tl;dr If a fire burns up your BTC at home, you're probably SOL. If a fire burns up your BTC in the bank(less likely to happen in a bank as far as fire/theft/etc), you could probably get your money back. Even though it goes against the principle, I would keep mine in a deposit box where it is safer than at my home, especially if it were my life savings.
@_date: 2013-11-28 18:43:46
Ah, sorry to hear that then. I know the frustrations of wire transfers, etc. Hopefully more exchanges will be available so it can become more mainstream in other countries.
@_date: 2013-12-11 15:51:01
They are [Antana Coins]( They are really nice and have a variety of designs for the back. I personally chose "To the moon, To the earth" and "Mining on my own" since I was active during those periods of time and they spoke the most to me. I couldn't afford the whole set or I would've bought it. 
@_date: 2013-11-11 15:55:03
I'm waiting for local restaurants, bars, and other businesses to begin accepting bitcoin. Currently I'm trying to influence my one friend who owns an online/eBay based business to accept bitcoin and pitched her the idea. She's currently looking into it, so I may have won someone over to accepting it.
It's sad, really. I live in South Florida and you can count the number of businesses that accept BTC on one hand within a 50 mile radius of where I live. I'm hoping Miami really picks up on it. The area I frequent with friends in Miami caters to the younger generation, so I'm hoping the bars and restaurants I give my business to will start accepting bitcoin. Actually, next time I'm down there I will slide the idea by the places I shop. Can't hurt to try!
@_date: 2013-11-13 06:58:50
Ok I'll admit I was rounding the numbers. I went to undergraduate on scholarship so that was fully paid for. I'm attending a private university for graduate school and will be, after compounding interest and delay in working to pay off debt, $350k+ in debt. I wish I had the brains and opportunities to obtain a few Harvard degrees but that's not the case. Education reform and the student debt bubble are another story, but I sure hope to conquer or at least make modest steps to write them off sooner than later. Some of my colleagues will be in more debt than I. Some I know who are far more destined and deserving will be in further debt than myself. Just trying to set myself up financially to work myself out of the hole. If I could win the lotto or if bitcoin soared to an astronomical level I would pay the loans of my friends who deserved it the most first. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:42:07
I'll try to make this as short as possible, so bear with me. I know I have a limited attention span on reddit comments so I'll leave a TLDR at the end. Also, given my future profession, I don't like to talk about it much as I fear people will think I am a self-righteous asshole on some internet forum wagging my junk around because I think I am so glorious. I just want to let everyone know that I am very humble and do not see myself above anyone else for any reason.
I'm in medical school and the amount they charge for tuition is ridiculous. Well, I guess that could be said of all graduate majors. I'm actually in the middle to low end of the amount of debt I have by the time I graduate when compared to classmates. Some people I know are in debt for big bucks, to the ring of $500k or more. They either went to expensive private undergraduate schools, took a year or so off before starting, or took a little longer to finish their degrees in undergrad.
Not a pity plug at all, but I do want to dispel the myth that "everything is ok once you get out of doctor school" before anyone says that. After graduating I will make around $40k-$50k a year for four years, which is not peanuts by any means, and then moving up to the $90k+ bracket. The problem is the longer the post graduate residency (of getting paid 40-50k) the longer it takes to pay off loans, which is balanced by the higher income the general population thinks doctors make (200k+). 
Now to wrap this all up and put it in a way of repayment. Living expenses decent areas are about $1400 a month(includes utilities like reddit :P). Of course you can room with some people, girlfriend/boyfriend, etc. but let's assume you want to live alone since most students have to relocate for residency and you want to be able to come home to a quiet place at the end of your shift. Assuming a budget of $250 a month for food/entertainment/etc then you are at a total cost of $19800 a year for living. Calculating with the federal loan repayment calculator I will have to pay $1943 a month for 25 years after I graduate(note: not after residency, immediately after cap and gown) to the tune of $583k once I pay off interest and principal. So my total yearly cost for living and paying off loans is ~$43k without counting medical insurance, auto insurance, income tax (because in their eyes you are still making 40-50k) any other unknowns, etc. So the first 4+ years after graduating many cannot make the minimum payments or struggle to do so. Then you start to make better money and can pay off loans faster, which under federal income based repayment, is scaled up when you get your raise. At some point, I would like to buy a house and settle in where I would like to live, therefore assuming a mortgage payment on top of my debt. Honestly, I don't know if I will be able to pay back my loans in under 25 years given the circumstances, especially with healthcare costs being budgeted away.
Anyways, summary time: I love what I do, I don't care that I will be in debt up to my elbows at the end of the day, and I know I'll never own a house on the beach with a boat and a different exotic car for each day of the week. And I'm OK with that. I got into medicine because it is my love, and knew full well that I wouldn't live a life of luxury. I know that I will have enough to be more than comfortable and realize it is not something that everyone is fortunate enough to have, and this humbles me greatly. 
TL;DR: I am a humble medical student that will have $275k in debt when graduating and assuming it will take me the 25 years to repay my loans I will have paid back $583k at the end of those years. It is a fiscal nightmare but I don't worry about the money right now and don't care if I get paid less or more when I finally reach where I want to be since I will love what I do.
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:55:21
Will do, thanks for the offer and prior help.
PS: psst...how do you think I paid for the gold? ;)
@_date: 2013-11-08 16:48:21
Mid 20's, M, medical student.
I first heard about bitcoin a few years ago when GPU mining was still viable. I invested as much as I could in mining and turned a small profit. Sold off my extra GPUs and invested that cash into BTC. Then sold all of my BTC at the $250 bubble and turned a nice profit and walked away from the table altogether.
I've been sub'd here a while but never really posted much or watched this sub that closely after getting out during the last bubble. What brought me back was the HOLD! meme that hit my front page. I saw the title was 300, and said to myself there's absolutely no way! Of course I check and it is hovering around the $300 mark. And now we're halfway to $400! I sent out a money order yesterday and a wire transfer today, so I can get back into the game.
Sorry for the lengthy post but I've had my BTC excitement refreshed with the price soar. I'm excited for this journey as it progresses.
Edit: Wanted to clarify that before I was looking at short term financial gains. This time I'm buying and holding unless I save enough to get myself a sorely needed new laptop. Or pay off my student loans. That'd be really swell :D
@_date: 2013-11-10 19:41:09
Great read, thanks!!
@_date: 2013-11-29 01:47:30
I don't think they offer that at the moment. I was referring to instant buys when Coinbase is linked to your bank account vs having to send a money order or wire transfer each time you want to buy in and have to wait a few days for your payment to clear. You could set up recurring buys, but not sure if you can tailor it to do that when you spend BTC.
@_date: 2013-11-25 16:17:55
I'm probably going to be downvoted to oblivion for posting this, but here goes.
I haven't had any issues with CampBX and have done $500-$1000 MOs to them. Seeing these stories make me wary of who I am going to continue doing business with since I play on a lot of exchanges.
However, to be fair, who's to say you would've really bought in at $398.99 and not waited for a smaller dip or such? If I knew the price would have skyrocketed, then I would've bought in way earlier. What if bitcoin crashed to $3, would you still want to be exchanged at the $398.99 price?
I know it sucks, I've been there with delayed MO and wire transfer times. I could have bought in at $300-something if I initiated my deposits earlier, but by the time my money got in it had hit $500. Sure, it's lost gains, but the price coulda swung the other way and I would be able to obtain more coins.
I'm sorry for your troubles and loss of gain, however it isn't truly fair to make CampBX fork over your lost investment. I could see making a fair deal and giving you a little extra than what you can buy now, but I highly doubt they(or any company) would do so.
@_date: 2013-12-04 13:47:43
I've been in this sub for a while but am confused about the steep discounts people offer with bitcoin. Don't get me wrong, I am invested in BTC and spend it on products I need/want when using BTC is an option.
Honest, possibly newb question incoming. How/why do places offer 10%+ off for using BTC? I know PayPal and CC fees cut into profitability, but aren't they less than 10%? I understand there's no chargebacks, which would be great at a bar where people spend too much and fraudulently call in and say their card was stolen, etc. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 16:44:39


Just wanted to hop in and say it can cause PERMANENT damage to your eye if it even glances your unprotected eyeball. There's a guy who had permanent damage from being glanced by a 1W laser unprotected on the laser pointer forums.
Just want everyone to be safe if they're interested in these things. They're awesome gadgets when used responsibly. I used to have a 2W myself.
@_date: 2013-04-21 17:27:22
First off, the reason to have a child is never to look for a monetary return. You put them through school, maybe buy them a car, lose ten years off your own life for the possible stress/worry they cause you...for the return of pride and joy of having given the gift of life. There is no greater joy.
My father is a man of great wisdom in giving advice. He has always told me: "Son, I don't care what you do. If you hang wallpaper for a living, as long as you are a good person, then I am proud of you".
My father had struggles of his own. His own brothers called for money for back pain/surgeries/etc that never existed. He changed his phone number and moved away from them and never spoke to them again. He knew they were alcoholics and drug seeking and that was the only reason they needed money. My father was in a previous relationship and had a kid that he had to pay child support for until she was 18(my step sister, Jennifer; never met her). Her mother rang my dad and said Jennifer wanted to go to college XYZ and wanted him to pay for it. He said he would and drove 8 hours up to where they were and took her to visit the colleges she was interested in. He left and told her to let him know when she had decided where she wanted to go and he would write the check and mail it to the college and pay for her entire tuition. Needless to say, she would call and ask him for the money for college and he would continue to say to let him know which admissions office to send it to. Jennifer never went to college and my father never paid a cent towards it since he suspected them of just wanting money. He is a good guy and would have paid her entire tuition if that was the intent but sadly it was not.
I have not met much of my father's family except those who are decent people. He told me it hurts him that he can't talk to his family anymore but that sometimes you have to write someone off for what is best.
TL;DR If you are a good person, regardless of your wealth, then your parents have been paid back in full. Although hard to do, there will be people in your life that you will need to distance yourself from for your own well being. Best wishes and don't be hard on yourself!
@_date: 2013-11-28 18:56:35
A kind undergraduate professor of mine recently invited me to a Facebook event to help her raise money for a marathon she would be running to support research for a cure for Ataxia-Telangiectasia. I went on the website where she was only asking $5 from each of her past students, and that would make her reach her goal. With all of the donations and fund raisers she setup, she was only $64 away from her goal. I donated that $64 in the spirit of Thanksgiving to a teacher who had a big heart and a worthy cause.
I did this because my investment in BTC has rewarded me positive gain and in the spirit of Thanksgiving. I remember looking at the event and saying I would come back to it later to donate that $5 she was asking for. I felt selfish for not doing it earlier, so I wanted to push her to her goal, no matter what the difference was.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Hope the holidays treat you all well!
@_date: 2013-11-09 22:21:45
I was there during the last bubble (not saying I think this is a current bubble, because I of course can't predict the future) but have now switched over to the mindset of buying and holding for the long term. Hindsight is 20/20 though, and I don't wallow in my "what could've been" moments. Right now, I just want to get the best buy in as possible and hold my coins as a rainy-day fund, or if I have enough, use them to pay off student loans. However, when BTC gets more traction in my area and I can go to dinner on it, pay for my rent, etc., I will not pass up the chance to do so! 
Edit: forgot to thank you for your advice and experience, so thank you!
@_date: 2013-11-29 17:03:14
I used it to [kill pest anemones in my fishtank]( That's not my video, but you get the idea. 
I would always store mine out of sight with the batteries out as well. I feel it's more dangerous than a gun to a responsible adult who would think it's only a toy laser for the cat. I could see someone shining it at the carpet expecting kitty to chase it and setting fire to the living room. At least with a gun, they wouldn't think "oh hey look a harmless object!"
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:04:26
I want to be more secure with my small amount of bitcoins, but I'm fairly confused on the process. I know the 3-2-1 rule and want to begin following it. However, I'm not sure how to go about it.
I currently use an online wallet to store my BTC. It has available backup options like email, dropbox, etc. I would like to keep them there while backing them up securely, but wouldn't be against moving to an offline-only source and then backing it up.
For these scenarios, assume I keep them in my online wallet:
* For example, if I have 50BTC(I wish), made a backup, and then spent 25BTC, would I need to create a new backup to reflect the correct amount? Would it create an error if I were to need to back it up with the 50BTC file?
* If I create a paper wallet for backup purposes only, would I need to update it as I spend my BTC? Would the key(s) for the paper wallet be exactly the same as my offline backup and online storage? 
* Do the keys change as my BTC funds change?
* What if my online wallet decides to close their site (forgot to pay hosting fees or whatever) will I be able to use my backups to recover the coin?
* What if my online wallet gets hacked and the thief takes all of my BTC? Will I be able to use my backup to reclaim my coins? I would guess not, as someone could exploit this to do a chargeback.
As I type these questions, it seems like it would be a more prudent idea for me to buy a new laptop and make it a new offline wallet as well as create a paper and offline USB backup.
Now for some questions on an offline wallet and making a USB backup of it, as well as a paper backup of it. I'll use Armory as an example.
* I assume I would use an online computer and stick a new USB drive and download Armory to there. From there, I would need to take it to the offline computer and install it. I would then send my coins to the offline wallet and back it up.
* Would the USB that I used to install Armory be considered tainted since it touched an online computer? Or could I use it as my backup?
* Could I send from my online wallet directly to my offline wallet? Or do I need to download Armory on my live computer, create an unsigned transaction, and then transfer it via USB to my offline computer?
* To transfer from my offline wallet, I would need to create a transaction offline, put it on the USB, and then load it to my live computer, correct?
* Assume, for whatever reason, Armory is no longer supported on any of my accessible online computers. It would still be accessible on my offline and paper storage since those were already put in place before (insert reason here) it was unsupported on my live computers. Would I be able to import my Armory wallet file to another platform, or even to my online wallet? Essentially, is the wallet file cross-platform?
* What if my parents/friends/etc want to invest in bitcoin as well? Could I keep theirs stored in a separate wallet file on my offline computer, USB, and separate paper wallet? Would this be wise since it kinda isn't following the 3-2-1 rule?
I think that's all the questions I have for now. I know it's a lot, so thanks to anyone in advance who wants to tackle these for me!
Needed to edit because I messed up the formatting. Sorry about that!
@_date: 2013-11-23 21:47:13
Don't give up just yet, they may come around. My parents first thought it was a scam when I told them about it around the $50 range.
Now, they run to me with the WSJ whenever there's a bitcoin article and are excited about it. I told them lots about it, even explained a little of the Silk Road but followed up immediately with the fact that USD is used for the same reason. They agreed and think it has the possibility of being a good investment. They admit they're too old to be too risky and invest in bitcoin, but they're cheering me on.
They know how much I have, which is very little at this point, but I plan on writing down instructions on how to access my accounts and sell it off should anything happen.
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:02:17
I wish I heard of this earlier. I'm in South Florida and would've made the drive up there to help you guys out! Good to hear you guys are making an impact.
Also, TIL SeansOutpost is located in my home state. Keep up the good work!
@_date: 2013-12-03 15:57:51
Just came to say I love your work and will look into making some purchases!
@_date: 2013-11-28 18:27:57
Coinbase makes this instant and easy once you're verified.
@_date: 2013-11-13 18:33:03
I'm in graduate school studying medicine to become a doctor. Some of my professors in their late 40's who are medical doctors are still paying off their loans. The student loan bubble is insane and it's going to come crashing down. It's a bleak outlook, but I figure I'll be able to pay them off 10-20 years after graduating, depending on the circumstances of the healthcare field and my specialty.
Quick edit: forgot to touch on why we don't talk about financial discussion among colleagues and the school. It doesn't matter what school you attend for medicine - the price is the same whether you are going to Harvard or a brand new, no-name, school. Once, during Dean's hour, someone asked why we were paying so much in tuition when online lectures weren't working(we were told during our interview and tour that this is a feature we would have day 1, we got it for some of our second year) and why one professor was using a projector when we were supposedly paying for a high tech classroom. The assistant dean said that if anyone had a problem with our cost of attendance to please come up to the fourth floor and walk into the office of the dean where they would be glad to dis-enroll you.
@_date: 2013-04-19 15:44:47
I'm sold if you can get my girlfriend interested in bitcoins. I get the same "I'M SO SICK AND TIRED OF IT!!" and "How do you know they're really going to send you the money from trading/what are they used for/etc". More of the former than the latter :P