@_author: ridingsomething
@_date: 2014-02-17 05:44:24
The fees on mPesa are quite high.
You need to move around 50 USD to get a 1% fee. On the other hand you only need to move 7 USD to pay no fee on bitcoin, or a 0.07 USD transaction network fee for more speed.
Which is coincidentally a 1% fee as well.
However after adding exchange fees, bitcoin can become prohibitive expensive and the 6% fee to move 5 USD on the mPesa becomes more worthwhile. Furthermore, bitcoin exchanges most likely won't allow you to buy 5 USD worth of bitcoin.
Small micro-transactions of 5 USD are probably common place in these countries. I guess someone would have to do some more research to prove if this hypothesis is true or not.
There might be a "Fruit-Factor-Style" reason why people use mPesa over Bitcoin. The same simplicity and reason why people buy a fruit phone. Not that the fruit phone is a bad thing, but I don't want to be seen as advertising it.
@_date: 2014-02-17 04:41:50
I agree with your comments. ;-)
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:30:19
I think people have made their judgments about your program already from what I can see on this page. It's not my comments, if you wanted to know, it's something else that is publicly available.
Furthermore, where do I state that the market is a one way bet? You are now trying to defend a program that has been proven as a scam in previous threads. 
People, don't give money to this guy's program as he writing misleading statements.
If you look at his history, you can see he is pushing it heavily and probably has some vested interest. Who else would do free marketing? Use your common sense people. This is definitely as close as it gets to a legit scam (white collar crime) and will not play out well.
Just take a look at this other thread.
@_date: 2014-02-16 08:09:27
I'm a bit confused to how the group who mined this block decided not to include any transactions in it?
Is this normal? No free or paid transactions included in the block either, other than the block reward.
Sorry if this is normal behaviour from bitcoin, but I haven't seen it before.
@_date: 2014-02-17 09:05:17
I think I've waited too long. Lots of the Huobi traders look like they are exiting positions.
@_date: 2014-02-14 11:43:30
I was thinking something similar and because of it, I'm staying out in fiat at the moment until everything calms down.
I don't want to speculate on a price gain that might not eventuate. I will buy back in later even if it's at $900 a coin, because I need to transact in bitcoin. It is also why most people would say bitcoin is a payment system used to transfer wealth rather than a store of wealth.
@_date: 2014-02-14 11:57:04
If they were solvent, they could just get a line of credit and deposit USD and buy up all those BTC before they reopen.
However, even if they buy up BTC at a really low price, they might not have any correlating bitcoin in an actual wallet, so they wouldn't be benefiting as they are unable to withdraw BTC to arbitrage.
Somehow something doesn't add up, but I guess only time will tell. It's basically a MtGox bailout package but they aren't invoking it, so possibly they have no coins rather than no fiat. Maybe they couldn't recover their encrypted  private keys as one small change to a bit could render them without the correct private key. This is why people use par files on usenet to ensure data integrity.
Either way it looks very strange indeed.
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:27:23
The problem with that statement is that there are already free arbitrage cryptocurrency websites that will conduct the calculations for you...
There is no information about the program's platform as you have mentioned in their pitch.
If you are one of the programmers working on this project. One tip, don't be evil.
@_date: 2014-03-04 00:07:14
It could be some wealthy Russians living in Ukraine that want to move their money out secretly as there are spies and military personnel everywhere who will seize their funds. Remember Cyprus?
@_date: 2014-02-15 10:45:19
I wonder how many other people sold bitcoin for fiat and then pressed cashout. Maybe that's why MtGox is stuck with low values. There is not as much money in people's balances to purchase those coins anymore as it is locked in cashout.
@_date: 2014-02-15 08:59:04
Are they going to be trialing manual withdrawals like bitstamp?
@_date: 2014-03-09 05:03:51
The people behind bitcoin should have chosen a more obscure name so that they don't find the wrong person. 
Otherwise, assuming that it was a real name, they will eventually find the real Nakamoto.
@_date: 2014-02-17 05:56:49
Correlation is not Causation.
You are correct of course. 
@_date: 2014-02-17 09:57:45
I'm beginning to suspect a last minute announcement near midnight, Japan time, and then MtGox will continue fixing any issues tomorrow and possibly into the week.
I suspect the press release will be at this address unless it's a pdf
Remember, it does state that they will only provide an update. We can't expect MtGox to fix it so fast, otherwise bitstamp wouldn't have beat them to the chase.
I think I'll get some rest and think about it tomorrow. If the price skyrockets overnight, no real loss as it would probably only go up 5%, but I'd hate for BTC withdrawals to lead to huge selling pressure which could lead to something near the middle of $350 and $600 =&gt; $475.
5% gain for 21% loss? Nup not taking that risk. The price only went up 6% when bitstamp announced withdrawals were open again.
The unpredictable nature means that you really need to be in front of a screen to profit. It will go either one way, then everyone will follow in whichever direction it is. The sheep comments someone made are actually quite realistic.
I'm back in ¥. Good night, wish you guys luck.
@_date: 2014-02-20 06:51:59
There aren't actually many riskless arbitrage opportunities in cryptocurrencies and if they exist, they only exist for a fraction of a second or minute. It looks like this guy is just trying to take advantage of naïve bitcoiners and traders.
Most people who arbitrage will understand the liquidity risks and some arbitrage is actually risky arbitrage whereby completing a arbitrage triangle would result in a loss in normal circumstances, but the arbitrageur sees that there is momentum in one of the other prices which is set to rise. This works because it may be cheaper to complete two steps of an arbitrage triangle and wait, rather than to purchase a certain cryptocurrency directly. Then they just have to wait until the price rises enough that it offsets the transaction costs.
This is why automatic arbitrage is lunacy. Manual arbitrage is essential, even if you are using a bot that you coded yourself. You need to see the market, and understand how much liquidity you can take out of the order book before the price differential disappears and is essential to not losing money.
This Campaign makes no attempt to even clarify what they are doing. My guess is that this is not something to invest in. In fact I wouldn't be surprised if the coder has worked on a failed sports arbitrage betting program.
Other scams to look out for are automatic forex arbitrage programs. Most of them are too slow to take advantage of the price differential and instead end up adding liquidity to the market and losing money as there is no longer a buy order that they are selling to, or a sell order which they are buying into.
@_date: 2014-02-17 06:43:24
It would mean you can solve the next block almost immediately and so on.
@_date: 2014-02-17 06:46:55
I am surprised that it is still like this as the business day is almost over and there has been no new update.
Maybe the announcement will be something negative rather than the positive.
@_date: 2015-05-01 07:23:23
Tyler Durden is just the a pseudonym for Anonymous. There are many contributors, mostly from within the Financial Industry and together the goal is to expose the questionable behaviours of our fellow colleagues.
I know a friend who has contributed content to zerohedge in the past. 
@_date: 2015-05-01 07:20:35
There is a potential for losses due to poor programming, servers being overwhelmed and so on.
@_date: 2014-02-21 14:03:25
All arbitrage systems work on the same principles and require dark fibre connections, latency, market microstructure and high frequency trading methods, and much much more to optimise returns.
As it is clear you don't understand arbitrage principles or the markets you plan your coded program to trade within. I'll explain.
I'll use the example of USD/JPY arbitrage triangle.
Suppose you could use USD/RUB RUB/JPY JPY/USD to profit, if there is not enough liquidity to take out of the market, then you are stuck adding liquidity which is not a good idea as it might act as a market signal and therefore someone else would put an order above yours. It doesn't even have to be a signal, if someone decides to place a huge buy/sell order at an extra few cents than yourself, then you have lost money already as you must turnover a large volume to make any profit and you will likely be trading for an arbitrage opportunity of a few cents per trade.
There is no difference in cryptocurrencies (e.g. USD/DOGE DOGE/BTC BTC/USD). You can have the same problem whereby you impact the market and therefore your order is now stuck in the second of the third triangle step, losing money. The market can move at any second, and then your riskless arbitrage becomes a risky arbitrage. This is why I mentioned that you require some guesswork and clearly the software is just going to be garbage in comparison to a simple excel "fetch from web" command.
Pretty much you only need Excel VBA and some data scraping tools as the arbitrage formula is very basic.
Whenever my firm's trading algorithm doesn't succeed for whatever reason, we always joke that our rival firm has taken liquidity out of the market. It only takes microseconds to push your order in front of another person even if the decision is made at the same time. It might have been a small trader who removed the arb, but who cares, the net effect is that we haven't succeeded in a riskless arb.
People shouldn't even pay for your software or support it unless they believe they have access to the other tools which are required to get their orders to the exchange faster than others who aren't using the software. Furthermore, if you put your traders against each other, that's just foolish fraud and you clearly don't have the client's interests as first priority. You are just looking after your campaign. No HFT firm would even release their code to a rival. In fact recently there was a case were a firm left with trade secrets to startup another one, I believe they recently settled.
You guys are pitching it like it's such a simple proposition, but it isn't. Clearly you guys don't even understand the concepts.
@_date: 2014-02-17 09:30:46
Take a look at the price history. It requires adobe flash player. The volatility has been much greater than on btc-e. It's trending downwards now.
I'm going to start to sell something soon.
@_date: 2014-02-17 08:10:21
I guess someone at MtGox will be earning some good overtime penalty rates tonight.
@_date: 2014-02-17 07:06:31
To be honest, no one really knows as there are so many rumours, and speculative activities still being conducted in the market.
The only thing we can be certain of is that MtGox are taking their time as it is almost the end of the business day and there has been no progress update yet.
I'm not sure if we can make any inferences to why there has been no announcement when it is already so late.