@_author: rigby
@_date: 2017-04-12 02:02:25
Aha! Sorry, that is my bad.. I completely glossed over that computing the W vector is possible before you have the "mid state". This makes more sense.. and you're right, is completely explained in the SHA2 pseudo code.
Still, do you think it's disingenuous to claim that the complexity of genererating the W array is the same as the complexity of the compression loop? With your numbers, the best you could do is 12.5% better, half of what the commonly reported ASICBOOST number is.
@_date: 2017-04-11 21:28:33
Thanks for the long reply!


I think have the same understanding of the principle of ASICBOOST that you do, but this was my main sticking point. As you have fgpa in your username I'll assume you know a bit about this but for implementing SHA256 on an fgpa or ASIC, I can see how the compression of the 64 bytes would take 64 cycles due to the 64 rounds of compression. The padding part, at the start of the algorithm I can only see taking a cycle or two as all you have to do is feed all the inputs into the first stage of the compression algorithm? 
Now I do understand that maybe the effeciency might be in power instead of time, and I concede that having to have less "expander" blocks probably means you need less logic gates in hardware.. but I still think the ratio of logic blocks for expanding and compressing would be magnitudes apart. So the gain you'd get would be marginal at best.
Very likely that I'm missing something though, seeing as people much smarter than me have already looked at this but I'm really itching to find out where exactly my misunderstanding lies.


Ha, I'm doing the same thing right now which is why I came across this in the first place. Ive been working under the assumption that a python implemrnation probably won't be too representative of the gains as the sha256 compressions can't be done in parallel though, like they could be on an ASIC.
Also, sorry for my expand/compress terminology, this is straight from the ASICBOOST whitepaper but I don't think it's standard SHA2 terminology.
@_date: 2017-06-05 21:55:42
You're completely correct, it was a typo on my part. The post should be updated now. 