@_author: riggasconi
@_date: 2014-06-19 23:33:20
@_date: 2012-05-01 21:06:03
Hey Hugo, thanks for your comment
To answer your question, obviously "objective" value only means "shared subjective" value.
1BTC has a "shared subjective value" (aka "objective" value) of a $5 USD because many individuals share this subjective belief.
What "instrinsic" value means to me, is the probability of a certain good to hold its shared subjective value in the future.
the probability of 1 gallon of drinkable water to hold a shared subjective value in the future is higher than the probability of 1BTC to hold a shared subjective value in the future. This is what I mean with the word "instrinsic".
Hope this helps!
@_date: 2012-05-02 16:32:05


If one is more convenient to use, then the market should adjust the exhange rate accordingly. At that point both should be mutually interchangable. But this is not what happens with Bitcoin. What's happening is that people buy them more as a store of value rather than as a mean of transfer, probably because of their capped amount and perceived deflationary nature. This means that they are "better" (in Gresham terms! ahahah) than USD, and therefore the USD velocity is higher than BTC's. Anyway I get that you don't agree with this. I respect your point and appreciate your insight. Time will tell who's right.


Yes, it increases the money supply for good. Which is why some believe fractional reserve lending could in fact help the Bitcoin economy rather than harm it. Again, time will tell.


This is not how time banks work. If you owe one hour of work in a time bank, you will pay it with one hour of work the next year. I understand if you don't agree on how time banks work, but indeed that's how they work.
@_date: 2012-05-01 16:58:41


it means it should be not deflationary nor debt-based


true.... but why isn't ripple scaling up ?
@_date: 2012-05-01 22:33:46
@_date: 2012-05-01 20:43:41
Great question! 
On Quora I wrote "in Gresham's terms", which - expanded- means this:
given the exchange value between BTC and USD is set by the market, and given the USD is inflated without public control while BTC is inflated under upblic control, in Gresham terms BTC is "good money" while - in comparison - USD is "bad money".
Obviously "in Gresham's terms" does not mean "Gresham's law". Hope this clarifies.
@_date: 2012-05-01 21:57:20
Very interesting point. Your link says this:
"These examples show that in the absence of effective legal tender laws, Gresham's Law works in reverse. If given the choice of what money to accept, people will transact with money they believe to be of highest long-term value. However, if not given the choice, and required to accept all money, good and bad, they will tend to keep the money of greater perceived value in their possession, and pass on the bad money to someone else. In short, in the absence of legal tender laws, the seller will not accept anything but money of certain value (good money), while the existence of legal tender laws will cause the buyer to offer only money with the lowest commodity value (bad money) as the creditor must accept such money at face value."
Since fiat currencies have legal tender, it is clear to me what this means. Still, I deeply respect your opinion even if we disagree.


To be precise I wrote it that "could", not that it "will"


I think both deflation and inflation are bad. I believe a resilient unit of measure of value should be stable as, for example, meters are.


Of course it doesn't. but it creates the premises for inflation, since new money is put into circulation through fractional reserve lending. I believe fractional reserve lending is a dangerous practice, and it is one of the weaknesses of the mainstream economic system.


I'm curious about your opinions, and I would be glad if you wanted to share them.
@_date: 2012-05-01 21:17:58
totally agree. let's hope bitcoin can scale up and become widely adopted!
@_date: 2012-05-01 20:32:23


Thanks for your comment. Please keep in mind I used the mainstream definition of deflation ("a decrease in the general price level of goods and services"), but I'm curious to learn how you would define the term.
This said:
1) Bitcoin is designed to sustain a deflationary economy.
2) According to many deflation is actually good, is probably a strength of the Bitcoin economy!
As for me, I believe a stable and resilient currency system should be neither deflationary, not inflationary, and not debt-based.


I totally agree. I think every new currency that is not forced upon its users as fiat currencies are faces enormous problems. It is extremely hard to for a new technology to disrupt such a big market.
@_date: 2012-05-01 17:09:13


the long-term tendency to have prices decreasing rather than increasing


the problem is that unfortunately not many people are doing so...
@_date: 2012-05-02 13:15:51


Great point. But I actually think the opposite.
Since the bitcoin supply is capped, I believe many bitcoin users will get the feeling that the bitcoin economy might head towards deflation. I believe those people will foresee an increase in value for the bitcoins they hold, while at the same time they know for sure that the dollars they hold will decrease in value. Those are the ones who will think it's rational to spend their dollars before their bitcoins.
Since economics is no natural science, but rather a social science, the only way to tell is by looking at what's actually happening. If the current average speed of circulation (velocity) of 1BTC is lower than the current average speed of circulation of 1USD, then I am right. Otherwise I am wrong.


I'm not sure, but I feel you might be mistaking money supply with monetary base. Fractional reserve lending denominated in a certain currency does not expand the monetary base, but does indeed expand the money supply.
If bank A starts practising fractional reserve banking on accounts denominated in USD, it is expanding the M2 of the USD, while obviously not the monetary base. The account holder now feels he can wire USDs, while in fact he won't be wiring high-powered money at all. 
If banks B, C and D network together and start practising fractional reserve banking on accounts denominated in BTC, it means they will allow account holders to transfer BTCs from their account to other recipients (within the network or not). Obviously this is possible only when Bank B, C and D are big enough that account holders prefer keeping their BTCs in the banks "vaults" and/or transfer them within the banks network, rather than withdrawing them or transfering them outside the network. This way, it is hard for an outsider to tell if/how the money supply has been expanded.
Banks B,C,D users now feel they can transfer real, high-powered BTCs, but those BTCs do not exist: in fact they are exchanging "Bank BTCs" within the network of banks, and real BTCs only when withdrawing outside the network of banks. 
The BTC monetary base did not increase, but the money supply did.


I believe equilibrium theory has little to do with the resilience of a unit of measure of value. Unfortunately, I believe it is impossible for the same thing to be resilient while serving, at the same time, as a unit of measure of value, a mean of transfer of value, and a store of value. I think deflation and inflation can indeed be avoided when developing a unit of measure of value. In simple terms: 1 gram today is 1 gram next year: grams are a resilient unit of measure. Time banks do not experience inflation nor deflation, since the unit of measure of value they adopt is a resilient one (1 hour today is 1 hour next year).