@_author: righthandoftyr
@_date: 2014-02-03 02:01:09
Depends.  You could theoretically create an anonymous account on TD, then ship to a reshipper or mail drop, but that's going pretty extreme and potentially pushes the envelope on legality.
@_date: 2014-02-03 03:37:26
True, but I was responding in the more general sense to "what happens when you buy something traceable with your bitcoins, doesn't that reveal you identity".  The answer is to either ship it to a psuedonym at a mail drop (can be questionably legal), or to use some else as a proxy recipient that then forwards the product on to you (which is only anonymous in so far as you trust your proxy to not out you).
@_date: 2014-01-21 20:39:52
I think he's trying to say that they're more easily enforceable because they're inherently documented.  If my friend comes and asks to borrow some money and I hand him a wad of cash, it's very hard to prove I gave him the money later if I need to take action when he turns out to be a deadbeat.  It still requires taking them to civil court to be awarded your money back, but it's a lot less he said/she said.
@_date: 2013-02-21 14:40:08
Yeah, kinda like back when napster et. all was a big deal.  The reall issue boiled down to they offered a better service than the record companies did (which just for the record doesn't necessarily justify piracy).  As soon as the mainstream music business got on board and created Itunes the problem largely resolved itself.  It wasn't that people weren't willing ot pay for music, it's just that a service they desired was not being provided by the industry, and so they sought it out elsewhere.
Traditional banks not offering a comparatively simple and easy solution to that of bitcoin certainly fuels bitcoin adoption.  I suspect that once they start realizing that bitcoin isn't just a fad that's going to go away they'll scramble to reform their money transfer systems to be more competitive.
@_date: 2013-04-26 20:31:48
I would certainly consult with a lawyer.  Even if you're not related to the investigation directly, I would certainly want legal advice about how to keep yourself safe.  After all, you can't count on the investigators really understanding how bitcoin works, they might jump to all sorts of wacky conclusions about your involvement.
@_date: 2013-01-08 19:29:15
Just establish the online business under a pseudonym and only connect to it through TOR.  This way your customers can access it from the clearweb, but your identity is concealed from your own server.  Put the layer of anon between you and your website, not between your customers and your website.  The website might get shut down eventually if you get the wrong sort of attention, but if you've properly maintained anonymity from the server, no one can point the finger to you.
Edit: obviously, you'd have to take similar measure to protect your distribution methods, otherwise all the IRS or FDA has to do is order some product and then trace it back to the point of origin.  I don't know as much about that so I'm not sure how you'd do that.