@_author: rigstar
@_date: 2015-01-20 00:13:30
If you are holding a lot of Bitcoin,  "a lot" being totally open for interpretation... it is a great option.  I wish I had known about them when the price was in the 600´s. I would be better off.  For now, I´ll hold a portion of my value in USD´s until the coin gets back to a better place and my own pocket doesn´t hurt that much.
@_date: 2015-01-31 19:59:21
I think Mr.  Gates hits a chord.  The poorest of the poorest will throw out any service that doesn't give them immediate access to funds, keeps them out of volatility, makes quick forex when somebody sends money from another currency.  There is this company called shiftwomen.com, it is a peer to peer donations for women in Uganda that live with under 2 dls a day. 2dls!!!!!  The women receive it via SMS.  They can spend it and send it. It's perfect.  They even get a bank account where they can save.  These women don't care about your need for a decentralized system.  They care about eating TODAY! Not tomorrow, TODAY. Maybe not even eating them-selves, just their kids will do.  We need companies, unfortunately "centralized" to bridge between your BTC wallet, and their real world problems. Sorry, some what more urgent problems.  If shiftwomen, kiva and other could use these "centralized companies" that offer offer very cheap solutions, to build on top of, for example Bitreserve.org, then we will see real-life changes for real life problems.  
@_date: 2015-01-25 23:30:35
Truly amazing.  I do believe hoarding is the correct word. It´s not nice, but it shows one of the problems of our beloved crypto-currency.  Economies are built by social capital or "trust", which bitcoin is perfect for, but also by real life mechanics.  B2B, P2P, B2P, international and national transactions; conterpointed by real life products, to solve real life problems, created by real people.  Bitcoin is young, and needs a service to help it dialogue with this physical world. A service that understands the nuances between BTC investors, merchants, innovators, the banked  and unbanked population.  I think they really got it.  They have an API that looks pretty awesome.  With a few creative minds and a few savvy developers catching up to this, it has the potential of becoming an huge network of innovation for the value world. I really understood this after watching the following:
If you have 20 minutes to spare, do watch, very clear perspective delivered b Juan Llanos.
@_date: 2015-03-03 03:14:24
The only efficient way to get this bitcoin economy going, is through transparency. Transparency will bring trust to the table as well as speed. Bitcoin is doesn´t need trust, but that makes it slow.  Centralizing companies speed up the process but have to be trusted.  
The only way to trust a centralized system, is through transparency.
I believe, it´s not the most decentralized system you should be asking about, It is, which is the most transparent.  This is what bitcoin is making obvious.  Transparency is the only way to change systems, open or closed. 
@_date: 2015-02-24 23:15:36
Yup yup, this adds up.. Also, I think Bitreserve´s cost is much easier to understand.  More transparent.  
@_date: 2015-02-25 00:04:21
Somebody did it again.  Check it out.
@_date: 2015-02-11 02:21:11
Wow. Did  any of you guys (most of you), even read the article?!! So sensitive...  Seriously, if you are putting all your children´s college money into BTC  take it out. 
Actually, I think you can use Coinapult, CoinJar and even BR for that!  
Quoting the article: 
"Bitcoin represents something much larger than bitcoin. It’s about creating a financial system that is cheaper, faster, more convenient, and more accountable, where innovation is the norm, not the exception."
Take it easy my friends, the ledger will go on.  We just haven´t seen the end of it. Strap up and hold on to your value, however you think is best for your wallet.
@_date: 2015-02-27 00:25:17
Better, clearer comparison, check it out!
