@_author: rijndaelandsons
@_date: 2018-01-17 02:40:26
USD drops gradually like all fiat coins in a slow and controlled but exponentially accelerating way, bankers are creating USD out of thin air and loaning it to us at interest.
Relative to other fiat coins USD seems stable but relative to actual scarce resources like land, gold or bitcoin, USD is on an exponential downwards trend. And that's because banks are continually creating it out of thin air and loaning it to us at interest.
EDIT: Graphs of USD to scarce resource all showing something like an exponential decline of USD's value
* 
* 
* 
@_date: 2018-01-17 02:04:33
1BTC = 1BTC
@_date: 2018-01-17 02:20:06
yea I do whenever I can. Once you've got it, bitcoin is more convenient, much more secure and more powerful than a credit card. I mostly use it for online services like a VPN, web hosting, tech stuff like a laptop stand, some tshirts, I've donated to some charities I believe in.. There's a bar and a bread roll shop near me that accept it too where I spend dash mostly. Oh and psychedelic drugs of course, LSD, Shrooms, DMT which I buy with monero for the privacy. 
yea cryptocurrencies are great, it's a shame that the price is so high because it makes the fees high but it still beats a credit card for a lot of use cases.
So in summary
1) I can spend it anywhere (I'll swap magic Internet money for an actual magical fungus if I damn well please)
2) Merchants can't steal my money, I have to sign every transaction
3) I don't need to log into shitty Internet banking, type in credit cards everywhere or save them in an insecure 
way, I just scan a qr code, enter my pin and hit send
4) Since banks aren't creating money out of their buts, my bitcoin remains valuable and even becomes MORE valuable as more people start using it
5) Now that the price has crashed, fees have crashed too!
@_date: 2018-01-17 03:00:35
Inflation is the name of the downwards trend and inflation is usually expressed as a percentage so I don't think it's wrong to say exponential downwards trend.
E.g. if inflation is 3% then you could say 
(1USD next year) ~= 1USD (1/1.03)^1 
and also
 
(1USD in 10 years) ~= 1USD (1/1.03)^10 ~= $0.74
and 
(1USD in 50 years) ~= 1USD (1/1.03)^50 ~= $0.22
that's an exponential decline in value, inflation exists because banks are creating money out of thin air and then loaning it to us for interest.
Land, gold and bitcoin all can't be easily created by a certain privileged group so we won't get this exponential downwards trend with any of these scarce resources (though we may get crashes for other reasons)
@_date: 2018-01-17 03:05:27
why is that? so that people dump their savings into the property market and make the cost of living in the city unfordable? Or so that businesses have to exploit every natural resource at an ever increasing rate? 
The real reason we have inflation is that banks create USDs and then loan them to us at interest. And we don't stop them. it's as simple as that and it causes us a lot of problems. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 03:52:30
most of your points actually don't contradict what I've said at all, house prices rise both because of low supply (zoning laws, scarce materials...) AND because of land speculation and investors looking to property as an investment to maintain their wealth, which is exacerbated by inflation making cash/bank accounts a bad place to store wealth long term.
I'm not complaining about the existence of industry at all, I'm complaining that a base level of inflation makes continually accelerating growth expected of any business just in order to maintain its value, this is not environmentally sustainable or even physically possible.
And what do you mean by "allowing monetary policy to adjust in times of economic downturn". That's something I hear repeated a lot on the nightly news but please think about what that actually means. Banks create more money to lend it out at interest so that old loans (often to banks) can be repaid to avoid the value of those loans collapsing. That seems to benefit people in the short term because then they can repay their loans, when in reality it locks them into even greater debt.
My main problem is that it's unfair that banks can create free money when others can't, they may have many highly payed experts and even independent economists implying it's for our own good but I don't believe them.
I see banks creating money as a hangover from the days before proper auditing that we've allowed to persist because we don't really understand it. And now we even kid ourself into thinking that this ongoing fraud is a necessary part of any financial system. Bitcoin functions just fine using only trustless money creation that follows a public set of rules that anyone can participate in as equals. That's why I prefer bitcoin to USD even if it's value fluctuates constantly
@_date: 2018-02-18 08:51:54
If your money is in a bank, you don't own the money, you actually own a debt of that amount from the bank, the debt is exactly as valuable as the bank's willingness and ability to repay it. If you own bitcoin then you can spend it any time you want and can stop you. Think of owning bitcoin like burying a block of gold in your back yard but more secure and convenient (but but to be fair, you can't spend it without Internet access).
@_date: 2018-02-03 07:11:03
I'll tell you hwat*