@_author: ringlng
@_date: 2018-03-10 16:14:32
@_date: 2018-04-04 21:13:23
As a former Wall Street trader since the age of 19.....it still seems a bit early....could be trying to catch a falling knife.....would wait for capitulation to the downside...a real fast sharp move down....another bottom scenario I love is the up move on bad news....that is always a tell tale sign sellers have dried up.....
On a side note.....you really shouldn't post bullshit like this...it is obvious you are writing this in an attempt to lure new money to the buy side to prop up your long position...people who invest on your statements could end up loosing money big time...and that's bad karma....and that's not cool at all....
I do agree that swing trading, which is what you are referring to is a great way to trade, but it is one of the more advanced methods of trading and takes the right kind of risk tolerance level to master.....I will note here that there are two keys to swing trading....you need to dollar cost average your position...so as it goes against you, your buying more and more, and at a certain point, either in capitulation or an up move on bad news, you get bigger.  And I don't mean you add another 20%, I mean step in and double your size or triple it....so you can push your dollar cost average price way down.....
Anyway...that's a bit of my experience...
Always remember.....bears make money....bulls make money.....pigs get slaughtered.....good luck to you all....
@_date: 2018-04-04 21:46:15
You obviously don't understand the term bullshit.....so here is Wikipedia's definition which falls under the lying article:
Bullshit does not necessarily have to be a complete fabrication. While a lie is related by a speaker who believes what is said is false, bullshit is offered by a speaker who does not care whether what is said is true because the speaker is more concerned with giving the hearer some impression. Thus bullshit may be either true or false, but demonstrates a lack of concern for the truth which is likely to lead to falsehoods.
This article is complete and utter bullshit....A reader who acts upon may loose or win (you will be either a prophet of truth or a liar).....either way....it's bullshit......and writing bullshit isn't a good thing to do....just because Buffett buys dips doesn't mean you should step in and buy every dip.....
And I wasn't telling you what to write....just telling you that you shouldn't write bullshit....which is what this is....
