@_author: rip_hopscotch
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:37:37
There are futures contracts that call for the delivery of the product (though some/most are settled in cash). So its totally possible that someone gets a futures contract for 1BTC and it actually pays out that 1BTC. For the most part though I think there will just be cash settlements.
The big draw of futures contracts from CME's point of view is that there is real security. There is way less risk that your future for BTC is going to be stolen compared to having actual BTC sitting in a wallet somewhere. It also gets people who don't actually know how to trade BTC into the game, and CME is making money off of all these futures trades.
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:39:27
tbh I dont think CME cares about what BTC does as long as people keep trading futures on it. CME isn't really investing into BTC, their revenue comes from transaction fees. More BTC futures being trade = $$$$
@_date: 2017-11-30 16:26:09
To be honest I'm not totally sure, since I understand how a futures contract for things like corn work but BTC is obviously very different.
My initial reaction, however, is that the contracts will basically be "artificial" BTC. 
Lets say you have a futures contract for one BTC. That just means the person who sold you the contract is on the hook (to whoever owns the contract) for one BTC in the future - they do not actually need to own physical BTC other than when the contract needs to be fulfilled. At the same time, the contract can change hands dozens of times before that - trades that could be done with actual BTC done with the futures contract instead.
So there will still be BTC trading done but a lot of the trading being done will be done with these artificial BTC. If that makes sense.
@_date: 2017-11-30 01:10:32
CME as a company is probably excited to be trading BTC futures. CME makes its money off of pairing people who want to buy/sell futures with others, so they take on basically zero risk. Adding BTC futures is like free revenue for them.
My dad personally is excited about doing new work and learning new things (hes an Ancient Religion PhD who taught himself economics once he realized that was a bad PhD choice and has been working in the sector for ~20 years now). At the same time, hes skeptical of BTC because it sure as shit seems like a bubble. Hes so skeptical that when my mom wanted to buy ~$1000 worth of BTC at $20, he vetoed it (that kind of investment isn't really a big deal with his salary). To be totally fair, we got hosed in recession and hes super wary financially, but damn my mom is never going to let him hear the end of it.
From what I gather, the attitude at CME is there is some healthy skepticism mixed with excitement of doing something brand new. I know this is a BTC sub and all, but a lot of people really aren't sure its as rock solid as this subreddit is.
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:04:32
Since nobody is explaining this to you I will.
NFX is the NASDAQ Futures Exchange. This is not the NASDAQ that you are familiar with - the NFX has not been around very long isn't really a big deal.
CME (where my dad works so shoutout to him woot woot) is the largest futures exchange in the world. The also announced that they would be doing Bitcoin futures before NFX did.
Basically, the person you're replying to is (correctly) saying that the NFX trading Bitcoin futures doesn't mean shit, but CME trading futures is a really big deal.
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:20:01
So my Dad works at CME and I had this exact same question when I saw they would be trading BTC futures. 
The short answer is that buying a future of BTC is just like buying a BTC except its much more secure. Your contract is 100% safe with CME or NFX, whereas holding physical BTC incurs risk on your end - someone can steal it from you.
Theres no difference in buying a BTC now for ~9-10k or buying a future for a BTC that you get in a month now for ~9-10k besides security (and apparently some other "technical reasons" that are hard to be relayed over text message).
EDIT: As an aside, its also a way for CME and NFX to make money without much risk of their own, as there is a fee for futures that go through them. Its also a way to legitimize BTC because, lets be honest, most day traders have no idea how to go about buying BTC much less selling it but they do know how to buy and sell futures.
@_date: 2017-11-30 15:28:45
CME is not buying any BTC.
The way CME makes money is by taking someone who wants to sell and future and someone who wants to buy a future and pairing them together. They are a futures exchange, which is much lower risk then actually trading futures.