@_author: riparise
@_date: 2017-02-26 19:38:57
A misspelled "THOUGHTS"
@_date: 2017-03-21 22:29:03
I know it wont be a popular question, but can the LN be implemented with the FlexTrans, as it theoretically also fixes the malleability problem?
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:44:55
Sending spam transitions / DDOS attaks to slow the network down?
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:33:56
Your answer makes sense, but it does not respond the issue:
Why won't be the interest of the Hubs, to make the Blockchain as inefficient as possible, to force you to use Hubs?
(There is also the question of HOW could they do it, but that is not my point here.)
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:14:02
Just like you can aways start mining... But why would someone use my unknown hub, with 0 users, when where will be giant  hubs (probably investing a lot of money on advertisements) with thousands of users?
I do not understant 100% how the LN will work (if you could suggest any literature I appreciate), but the advantage making a faster transaction without relaying on the Blockchain only exist when both users are on the same Hub. The smaller the Hub is, the more it will depend on the Blockchain to finish the transactions. Right?
I mean, if I recieve 1 BTC in a small hub with few users, and I want to transfer to another user from another Hub, my Hub will have to send money through the Blockchain, which won't be a needed by the bigger Hubs.
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:26:26


But that is exactly the problem. The interest of the Hub is that I will not be able to use the original blockchain (for example by spamming to make higher fees).


In the first moment yes, but it can lead to a centralization of hubs, and when a hub gets powerfull enough the manipulate the market in its favor, it will do it. Look what I wrote above.
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:36:51
The existence of big hubs does not affect directly the Blockchain, but it will be on the Hubs interest to sabotage the Blockchain to force users do use Hubs. Right?
And you can be sure, that the Hubs will do anything on its range to block the Blockchain (sorry, I couldn't avoid)
@_date: 2017-08-15 12:02:12
You do not need a wallet. You have to dive a little deeper into the Blockchain technology in order to understand how it works. I am not an expert but I will try to ELI5 the overview. I am assuming you know the basics of [Public-Key cryptography](
If you want to make a transaction this is what you need to do:
* Write up the public address that you want to send the coins to (A)
* Write up your public address (assuming that you have coins in this address) (B)
* Write up the amount of Bitcoins that you want to send (C)
* Write up the amount of Bitcoins that you are willing to pay to validate your transaction (D)
* Create a cryptographic signature of the transaction using your private key (E)
The transaction itself is this 5 pieces of information (A,B,C,D,E). The [Digital Signature Algorithm DSA]( works in a way that everybody can check that only the owner of the private key that generated the public key that you are removing the coins from (B), could generate that signature. If someone change for example the amount of money that you are sending or the address, the signature will not match anymore. That is why it is so important to keep your private key safe: If someone finds your Private Key, they can do whatever they want with the coins from that address.
Now that you already have your transaction, you will have to broadcast it to the Bitcoin network (made by nodes). The way that the transactions are saved in the network is interesting: Several transactions are gathered together to form a block of transaction (currently the maximal size of this block is 1MB, which is something like 2000 transactions) and than they are saved in the network. The order of the transactions are important (you can not send money before you receive it), that is why the blocks are connected (or chained) to each order using the [Hash]( (kind of a summary) of the previous block, creating a Blockchain.
But there is a problem: The nodes of the Bitcoin network have to store all the transactions forever in order to be sure how much money each addresses has (the adress is the public key). This is tricky because someone could theoretically create a lot of transactions just to spam the network.
That is why you can not simply propose a block of transactions. In order to propose a Block you have to solve a really hard mathematical problem that is unique to each block of transactions that you want to propose. This mathematical problem can only be solved by trial and error, and the computer will have to make a lot of trials to find the solution. If you looked up how the Hash works, the problem is finding a piece of information that when you put it inside the Block, the Hash of the block will begin with 00000 (for example, go [here]( and try to find which number from 0 to 10000 will generate a hash that starts with 00).
This process of gathering several transactions in a block, and finding the solution of this block is called mining. When the miner finds the solution to a block, he will broadcast to the network: Hey! I have here a block with this transaction and if you add "xsawWEDcdsc83" to the end of the Block, the Hash is "0000000003dcwwwfwereq". It required a LOT of computation to find the solution. The difficulty of Block is the amount of zeros in the begnining of the Hash. The difficulty is automatically adjusted every 2016 blocks in a way that whole Bitcoin network solves 1 block every 10min in average.
When a miner broadcast a new block, all the other nodes of the network will read the proposed block and check if:
* The solution of the block is correct (and below the required difficulty).
* All the signatures are valid.
* The addresses had money enough to make the transactions (based on all the previous blocks of transaction).
If all of this matches, the nodes will save this block in the Blockchain and broadcast to the other nodes, so that every node will agree with the same Blockchain. Maybe some nodes may disagree about the last Block, or even last 2 Block if two miners found a Block at the same time, for example. But the node will always accept the longest chain (the chain that has more computational cost inside) as the true. So if you made a transaction that is for example 6 blocks old, it is safe to say that the WHOLE network agreed about that.
A malicious miner could, for example, try to replace your Block, but he would need to not only find the solution to the Block where your transaction is, but also to find the next 5 Blocks, because the future Blocks depend on the Previous one. Even worse: This malicious miner would have to find the blocks faster than the rest of the network, because the nodes will only accept the longest chain. The miner would be racing against the whole network. 
Now, you are not a miner, so when you create a transaction, you will broadcast your unconfirmed transaction to some miners, and they will put your transaction inside a block and try to find the solution in order to receive the amount of money that you signed as a validation fee (D). When a miner creates a block, he writes in the block also his own address, so all the transactions fee are considered to go to him. There is also a block reward for the miner (currently 12.5 BTC per block if I am not mistaken), and that is how new bitcoins are generated. You can explore the blockchain [here]( The reward will decrease (in a way that is already defined) so there is already a total amount of Bitcoins that will ever exist. When the block reward goes to zero, the miners will have only the transaction fee as reward for calculating the solution of the block.
Resuming: The wallet will create the transaction and broadcast it to some miners. You could theoretically do it yourself, they just make it (a lot) easier.
@_date: 2017-08-10 19:55:00
But if these spam transactions are paying fees, how can they be considered as spam? But couldn't it be avoided if the difficult level depended on the size of the block? In a way that a 2MB block requires a lower hash level than a 1MB, in a way that it autoregulates itself?
@_date: 2017-10-15 00:33:37
Yes and I do not understand why this issue is not discussed here more.
I think that something like 75% of all Bitcoins have already been mined (I read it will be 80% next February). How do you folk believe that it someday replace fiat if at least 80% of the world wealth belongs to less than 0.01% of the population and something like 30% belongs to a single man? And you call Bankers evil?
Who will start to distribute Bitcoins for free just to help the Bitcoin system?
I really hope that a distributed crypto really takes the world over, but besides the scalability debate, this IS a major issue! We should offer a better alternative to the fiat-based finance system, and Bitcoin can NOT do that with the 21mio limit.