@_author: ripdog
@_date: 2014-05-26 17:19:55


Yeah, all governments are awful because the Russian one is awful.
I'm not holding up the Russian model as ideal. Indeed, it's fucking awful.


And I'm sure you can quote evidence that people will start voluntarily donating half their income once government inevitably collapse?
Capitalism is designed around an assumption that people are greedy. With a relatively small number of exceptions, I think this has proved to be true. If people can say "well, I've got mine", what makes you think any sane person is going to donate mass amounts to charity? They won't. No one person is going to feel a responsibility to help the poor, especially long term.


Yeah, I agree. The violence would subside when one cartel won and took over the whole area. And became the new de-facto government.
Why exactly do you think this *wouldn't* happen? The cartels already have private armies. Of course they're going to immediately start warring for territory.


How would 'honest' drug dealers compete against thugs with guns? 
How would the average drug user determine whether proper safety standards are being followed in the manufacture of their drugs without a reputable enforcement agency?


Holy shit I wish I lived in your dreamworld. You have astoundingly unrealistic ideas about how humans behave. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 21:25:01


Wow, I talk about effective governments which aren't america, and somehow you come up with Russia. Really shows how flimsy your arguments are.
I was talking about places like New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, Germany... Basically everywhere with some kind of reasonable welfare system.


It's true that an independant, charity-run welfare system wouldn't require half everyone's income - but you know for damn sure that most people won't donate anything. You're *hoping* - with no evidence - that they will start donating when governments disappear. That's a stupendously huge risk.
Or rather, you just don't care about the poor. Fuck those lazy sods, right? I've got mine.


I do, and that's why I support Government  - good Government, but Government none-the-less.
See, here's the thing. I can't sustain a charity-based welfare system. These issues have to be considered from a macro level, and I simply don't see it working out.
And the poor wouldn't die without government (well, not immediately). They'd resort to crime. Better a criminal than dead. There are a lot of poor people around the US. What is it, 20 million with an insecure food supply? And then the welfare system, nascent as it is, goes AWOL? Hmm, I wonder what's going to happen.


Is this a joke? Apples and Oranges. Walmart competes against gangs because it has the biggest gang behind it - the government. You try 'competing' with a legitimate business by toting gunes. Unless you have more, better guns, it doesn't work. And nobody has more guns than the US govt.
So if the US Govt disappeared, what would happen? Walmart would be fucking helpless against armed gangs, unless Walmart made their own private army. Thanks for helping me prove my point that Government is essential, and prevents violence.
Now, back to the problem at hand. Assuming that the only reason that Walmart can compete against armed gangs is the biggest armed gang in the yard, what happens in Mexico when the biggest armed gang in the land goes missing? *The fucking cartels become the biggest gangs in the land*. So who protects the small, legitimate drug makers from the Cartels? Well... Nobody. The Cartels would raid any new entrants to the market to protect their hold on the market. Consumer choice? There is no choice. The concept falls flat on its face. The gang with the most guns always wins, and I want an at least reasonably responsible and accountable gang in charge, thanks.


Oh yeah, the average druggie can really afford an expensive purity test. If they cared about stuff like that, they wouldn't be a druggie in the first place, would they? Nothing would improve for drug consumers, because the world would be as regulationless as it is currently for drug makers.
@_date: 2014-05-25 22:50:13


You can leave. There are still places on earth where no government will try to levy taxes off you.
Of course, those places tend to be absolute shitholes nobody in their right mind would live in, or Antarctica.


When there isn't a government to stop them. It's funny how you expect businesses to continue following laws when the enforcement mechanism disappears.
@_date: 2014-05-25 23:03:21


Honest question. What do you think would happen in Mexico regarding the Cartels if the government vanished (and all other governments vanished) overnight?


In countries-which-aren't-america, governments are the only effective charity. True charity can't help everyone if they're funded on a volunteer basis, they simply don't have the resources - and all the different charities with different resources means that no one charity can cover any whole country because donors are all doing what you say - picking and choosing who to donate to. Perhaps in a theorietical everyone-has-perfect-knowledge scenario, everyone would have the same criteria for a good homeless charity and then said charity would have the resources to set up an effective welfare system nation-wide.
Ah, if only the world worked like my 1st year Economics textbook. Things would be so easy, eh?


Er, which country is this? What proof do you have? Because I have never heard of this. Disability handouts are always higher than unemployment handouts whereever I've seen them, and right-wing governments are making it harder and harder to even get the Unemployment benefit all over the anglosphere. This stereotype of the "layabout perma-dole bludger" is extremely difficult to pull off now in Britain, Canada, NZ, Australia, USA...
@_date: 2017-03-07 18:19:31
And when spooks show up at their front door with a blowtorch and a simple request for a harmless private key...? 
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:37:59
Alternatively, you could use a rolling release distro, like Arch. Note that arch requires more knowledge about linux - or rather, the patience to look lots of stuff up on the wiki. On the upside, you learn tonnes about linux, and get the latest version of software in the repos days after release. No PPAs, no need to compile (at least manually.)
However, remember that Linux is not fantasticly secure! It's probably better than windows, but if some skilled hacker determines you have some significant amount of btc, then he will get it unless you take precautions. First, encrypt your wallet - keeping it in a Truecrypt container is a good start. Secondly, physically remove the wallet from your computer. Thirdly, if possible, only use the wallet on a old computer which is generally not connected to a network. This is a bit over-the-top, but is very helpful in preventing hackers installing remote access software, like keyloggers on your computer, and waiting for you to insert your usb drive and decrypt your wallet.