@_author: ripplemethis7
@_date: 2018-08-08 00:22:01
Mankind has spent 1000s of years trying to use alchemy to produce gold.  Whether you believe in God or not, we somehow were placed on this planet, and the reality is, Gold is unique and whatever amount is here with us, is here with us.  We still do not have the power to make Gold from some other chemical form.  FACT.
Of course, that would not do for a corrupt mankind.  So Fiat paper currency was developed.  Why?  Because they can create as much as they want when they want.  Who needs alchemy when you can use paper?  Let that sink in, because that is the truth.  We all know, counterfeiting is illegal, unless of course you're the Fed.
They simply have the power to produce as much "gold" as they want when they want.   All they had to do is get the world hooked on it.  
So now, Bitcoin has come to life.  The problem is, if a government can print as many dollars as they want, they can also buy as much bitcoin as they want.  They can then sell as well.  Why would it matter, the government owns the printing press.  It's about control and power.
The not so happy truth is, this problem will not be resolved because mankind is corrupt.  Before Jesus entered the Temple, what did He do?  Go look it up.  
I suggest, before He returns, He will do the same thing He did then as He is the same yesterday, today and tomorrow.
The Money Changers tables are going to be overthrown once and for all.  
One last thing.  One of the Ten commandments is that one should not steal.  You can infer from that, that one can not steal unless another owns something.  Point is, God's law provides for ownership.  
Bitcoin and other alt coins like Litecoin are systems that provide a public record of ownership.  The devil is the thief, not His Majesty.  
Don't let them steal your coins.
@_date: 2018-11-30 15:10:38
Love is Giving.  Were you ever a baby?  You wouldn't even be here to write that without Love.  
@_date: 2018-11-26 14:02:49
The Crypto Market once again looks like a sea of red to me. 
Can someone please clarify?....Bitcoin could not be shorted until the Futures market sprang into action last December, is that correct?
Anyway, I'm pretty sure that is correct.  So, all you people who suggest things will come back like they always do, simply are not factoring that in.  They are doing the same thing to Cryptos they have done to gold and silver for years.  I wish I was wrong, someone please correct me. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 16:44:47
I'm right with you.  I bought LTC at around $87 in November of 2018.  Held through the peak and watched it all the way until now it is below $30.  They can say this is FUD.  But at one point do you just walk away?  Still Hodl'n all the way to the toilet.
I can't even imagine those that bought around the peak.  I have family members and friends that got in because of my proclaimed success.  
I can't even afford to throw a pity party.  
Good news is, I used money I could afford to lose.  At least I didn't bet the house.