@_author: risay117
@_date: 2018-01-19 09:16:21
I dont know, be careful what you say, Bitcoin has only hit mainstream discourse recently, last time it did it was more in the tech bubble and was not given much consideration. Back then also WallStreet and big money was not as involved as it is now.
I feel people who want to game the system are moving in, especially with the lack of regulation. This is so they can make a quick profit before the government is forced to intervene due to too many idiots holding the bag after the crash occurs.
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:46:28
Depends, would you want people melting coins to cause the deflation and therefore increase the worth of the coins. It leads to currency manipulation. Why Bitcoin can be manipulated, but a bunch and destroy the hardrive to ruin it. Yes it does increase the worth as there are few, but there has to be a certain amount for proper usage.
@_date: 2018-01-19 09:10:24
Or its because the community is shit. Whenever a community hits a critical mass the real discussion dies and idiot and toxic characters who think they are superior and geniuses flood in and start preaching. Just like you are doing, and half this sub does.
Whether it be about fiat or Bcash or whatever it is this sub has lost its message it seems and become a ground for the zealots to preach.
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:15:15
Yes but government authorized gold not pure gold. Having a bunch of gold never was used, but coins government backed with gold did. And ancient coins are only there for asset not for usage.
@_date: 2018-01-16 19:46:45
No it has not, the currency that was used were coins that we're issues from ancient millennials times when we developed society. Coins would be given out to facilitate trade. It is a tech that every large civilization had and it was not through gold. Gold was only traded by government and hoarded.
And one of the biggest depression in history was created by a guy who had too much gold when he went on a trip to Arabia he ruined all the economies on his way there by giving it away for free.
@_date: 2018-01-15 15:40:43
Not worth it if China and Korea can figure out who owns which purses. Most people still prefer the old way of smuggling cash into Western countries and buying properties, and increasing the cost of living exponentially in these countries.
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:47:45
Is that not what Bitcoin is slowly becoming. I think the real answer is that everything can become a bubble and no currency lasts forever. I think this is something we all know, nothing lasts forever due to time. The question now is which will last longer the dollar or the Bitcoin. We know a cryptocurrency will be the future, but will it necessarily be Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 02:19:33
Technically the cash is still government property as it is their currency. Also the coins that do get melted down are done by government approved organizations.
@_date: 2018-01-19 09:24:09
Bitcoin at the moment cannot even with LN. There needs to be huge change for its true mass adoption. And with more people entering and watching the market, i cant say who will take on that mantle. Alot can happen, i mean for all we know DodgeCoin could actually end up being the one that handles the worlds transaction.
No one knows right now, and I have a strong feeling we will be seeing new Alt-Coins entering, and I wont lie, I expect Federal banks also entering this market, they have been watching this scene for years, as they have made note of it before. It has only just taken off, so for now I will wait.
@_date: 2018-01-09 18:54:12
One thing u learnt is that companies will never implement anything they expect the provider to implement them.
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:46:53
People we're hacking exchanges for Bitcoin when it was 1k, it is worth hacking at this point.
@_date: 2018-01-07 06:32:40
This is the biggest issue, more and more companies are not using it due to its volatility and the black market are starting to move on from this due to lack of anonymity, mainly due to new techniques that allow people to study the ledger to figure out addresses and who they belong to.
Why the black market is moving to Monero for now and maybe something a bit later, remember the black market always jumps and moves as they play the game of whack a mole.
So for now no one is sure what it is, it might be just pure speculation, it might be the hoddle, it might even be exchanges and miners playing with the costs. No one knows at the moment, but one thing I know is that there are too many warning signs and I would profit and back out because the crash is likely coming again soon. If it crashes again at around 20k, then this spells doom or good news, it could either mean it has finally found stability that it can finally be used as cash, which could give us a modest deflation increase which is what Bitcoin heavily needs to be considered a currency, or it could spell doom, meaning people are going to jump ship as the rate of returns are all gone, so why even speculate anymore and take the risk.
2% deflation should be what we should be aiming for if we want it to be adopted as a currency, modest inflation and modest deflation is what is okay.
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:14:35
Think again.
@_date: 2017-12-10 05:56:06
Actually, personally I see Bitcoin on it's path to Doom if it cannot become.a currency. If it cannot be used for everyday transaction it is just going to be a bubble that is going to pop.
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:11:55
Bitcoin is already in essence centralized, considering the Chinese control it and if the Chinese government wants to, can bend it to it's will by pushing prices one way or the other through their miners.
@_date: 2017-12-24 19:16:02
Or one could say the cost to going to college per student is cheaper with the way Europeans finance it compared to how the US finance it.
@_date: 2018-09-23 23:19:09
Ehh not sure if Bitcoin will go up heavily but it is a good place to keep cash until things settle down. Or the Euros for that matter.
@_date: 2017-12-31 04:31:03
Be careful, the Chinese know what is coming in and out of the country through the internet.
If you send anything online they will figure it out.
@_date: 2017-12-08 21:31:46
You do know most of his money has been made investing in American businesses. He literally has a expo in a sense like any of the gaming or entertainment con, where hundreds of companies which he has invested in come to show their products and advertise themselves. He has also been.involved in many failed ventures. 
He has helped millions of Americans with his investments and technical support that got them not only access to cash but to expert advisors to help them succeed. 
Also to attack him on his philanthropy outside America is stupid as shit, as these are to help the most vulnerable people in the world, people we do not have face to face experience with, but who have an effect on our life. Their improvement in life quality in facts helps us out tremendously. Biggest example, is they can ask for higher wages, which inadvertently helps push wages up and helps bring wages in line for the world. One of the biggest issue is wage inequality, and helping poor countries have stronger labour laws and increasing wage helps us out.
Hell Bitcoin, helps these people out alot more as it helps bring wages alot closer and stabilised, as it removes currency exchanges from the problem, only issue is it's worth and why I look towards litecoin and bitcash as the future, while Bitcoin ends up being reserved for the rich and powerful.
Yeah Buffet is hard on Bitcoin, but his reasoning has always been if he does not understand it, he won't get involved in it. Why he stays out of it. And honestly a really good advice to anyone new, if you don't understand the market don't get involved until you understand more.
@_date: 2017-12-30 21:56:19
Ain't anybody got time for that. I just want my coffee now.
@_date: 2018-09-23 23:21:59
Not really, Spain and Greece have gone through harsh austerity as well as Italy, shit although is horrible it is alot better than before and right now we might start to see their growth in their economy.
Italy is threatening, but I feel once things start to clear up and the whole Brexit situation will be cleared up with. The migrant issue is the biggest issue for them and if that is solved most of Italy's problem is dealt with.
Note there is a theory that the Germans were okay to see Greece and other countries go through hardship to bring the Euro down to help exports and the manufacturing base. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 14:32:53
Not true, as he already plans on emptying most of his bank account and has been giving a shit load to charity. Why he is not the richest anymore.
Though I will say Bitcoin is in a very dangerous spot where it is becoming a speculative market over a currency. 
@_date: 2017-12-30 21:03:45
A financial investment, is it talking about a future one.
@_date: 2018-09-06 03:12:03
Never said anything about regulation. Actually this creates more regulations.
Alot of things are available to everyone, but if its usage and it's price is beholden to the suits in WallStreet it will become a tool to control the masses. A tool for the masses disrupts the current order, this is being adopted and moulded by the current order to suit their needs. 
Watch at the lack of panic this creates how little opposition it faces, and how everyone while on TV denounces it, behind the screen quietly uses it, and plot to find the best way to extract wealth from it.
And as the years go by as the established order sink their roots in Bitcoin as they have been doing for the past few years, watch how they crush the dreams the early pioneers of Bitcoin had. Hell, I would not be surprised if the Big Cats crashed the Bitcoin market to scare away potential new investors. 
@_date: 2018-09-06 02:47:40
And thus the death of Bitcoin. Well what it was envisioned to be, but now it is a tool of the powerful. 
@_date: 2018-05-09 00:16:06
Problem is Fiat does not lose value unless a country falls. Fiat is how you buy stuff in a country, Bitcoin would have to destroy the US as a country for the US dollar to be ignored, its more likely that the Chinese Yuan or other currencies like the Euro to eat into the US dominance than Bitcoin.
Bitcoin is also turning more into an asset class over a currency. Which sucks for adopters who want to see it become a currency. Once it becomes an asset it loses value as a currency, although some government agencies call it a currency. Unfortunately market forces are forcing it to be treated as an asset. Like Gold it will not have much relevance especially if it becomes way too overvalued. If its prices do reach what some want million dollars or billion dollars, it shifts away from a currency to compete against fiat and use for the average man, into a currency for big contracts between large corporations.
On the other hand its failure is more likely going to be due to volatile cost changes as smaller business get tired of dealing with bitcoin and move back to fiat to rely on something they can rely and predict on, instead of something that switches its value alot. The current stability looks good although dead it seems to have gained some sanity and slowly stabilizing to a proper market base. But I fear any inkling of growth will due to small user population see its price spike. If Bitcoin user base is extremely large like the dollar it's volatility will also decrease quite heavily and growth in it's worth will be more stable. Until then I will watch, don't want it to fail but if it does another Crypto can take up the mantle.
For me Bitcoin won't fail from outside forces but from the community itself. Who will in their quest for money and acceptance as well as recognition in Wall Street turn Bitcoin into something that works against what it was initially created for.
@_date: 2018-05-08 21:36:39
That's not his cash it's his companies cash, and they need that liquid money to invest and move with the size of businesses Berkshire Hathaway deals with and how large those contracts are.
@_date: 2017-02-17 17:04:38
Depends if the Republicans want to throw him to the curb or let him take the heat while they do their she t in the background. I think for now they want to seem supportive but let him do what he wants and keep making mistakes. Let him fall on his own sword and then quickly solidify support from the base, purge the dissidents and then impeach him. Also get a hero to come in and save the day.  
@_date: 2017-02-08 19:44:00
Actually no, the economic tax base is huge as well as the land is priceless. They have started to gain some great minds certain fields and are trying to expand their economy in different ways. They are already paying by the brickwork to reroute most of the trade towards them, which is why they are trying to relax their business rules recently.
@_date: 2017-02-09 11:51:16
Chill out, who pissed in your cereal. No need to be some religious zealot.
China is controls a large portion of all rare earth minerals, but the main reasoning for it are policies they had before for taking advantage of it. Mostly for technoclogical progress. Yes they fucked up their environment while doing so, yet now they are trying to make amends. Yet for a country with such pollution their per capita pollution is still lower than that if many Western countries. And at the same time they are trying to decrease it, which they have been as their emission rates have been decreasing. They also are starting to focus on their local ecology and trying to change their people culture. Though that is a hard task in itself.
Now on topic of tech US had no IP laws at first and alot of its biggest industries were created on the absence of them which later after establishing themselves produced their IP laws. Hell alot of companies made their HQ in California in the early days because they wanted to avoid the patent laws of the US. Second thing those ghost cities have a purpose, yeah they may be empty at the moment but they have been beneficial in the past, it's a reason why a number of them have been populated quite fast, mind you people do game the system, but everyone does wherever they live. 
When it comes to Tech they steal, they are of multiple use. Example, the US F35 fighter jet has an airframe that is specifically designed for fighter jets that most nations have no idea how to produce, the Chinese upon stealing that tech were able to figure out it's benefits and negatives but because it's half the story they still need to figure out how best to implement it. Unfortunately or luckily depending on what side you are on, they have not figured out how to create the engine for the F35, but if they do, they have learnt something they can build on and close the gap in understanding between them and their rivals. Yes they steal ideas like WeChat or whatever you want to call it, but those are not amazing tech ideas. I mean WhatsApp is heavily used outside of the US, and KakaoTalk in Korea. Each of them though have been designed specifically for their audience.
The techs like the F35 jets never existed in their libraries and trying to figure them out on your own is a slow and ardorous process, so like how a kid learns, take the knowledge from someone more knowledgeable, and apply them when you learn what you can do with them. And an authoritarian country can still make progress. You talk about the Nazis as they were archaic. The US and Russian spcae program was built by Nazi scientists and their creation. The nuclear program was heavily influenced by fleeing German scientist true, but the Nazis were close to building their own Nuclear weapon before their heavy water dam was blown up by some rebels in the Nordic countries. A scary amount  of our medical knowledge comes from what the Japanese did in the human experimentation facilities. 
Uber is another idea, but would you say lift stole their idea when they built another ride share app. No. 
Their universities may still not be at the same status as Oxford or Harvard, but they have been gaining in ranking for quite some time and more universities are entering the lists.
And giving it 20 years. Let me ask you this where was China 20 years ago. Right, it's economy was a joke and being laughed at. It was smaller than it is now  and it's economic and industrial capabilities were not that great. In 20 years what did they accomplish. Well finally getting more heavily involved in the space program, got their first Aircraft Carrier working, although there are still kinks in it and their approach in using it as well as Military tactics. But let's be honest they are figuring shit out and expanding. Africa is right now flooded with Chinese money. And they are starting up new industries around the world. What about the Nicaragua canal they are building to bypass the Panama canal.
And you think the Chinese don't know their economy is slowing down. It's like telling and Arab, that oil will not be important forever, they know it and setting themselves up for the inevitable. China has been heavily investing to convert their population into a middle class society similar to the US. While at the same time huge number of people are moving from rural to urban locations at the moment. This is the main issue why they are trying to expand their trade, they want people to be supplying them with goods instead of the US. Becoming the end node for trade. 
Mind you they have an image issue, but these things can be fixed with time and care, if they end up building their middle class the way they envisioned it. Everything else can fall into place.
Just cause you havr some deep seethed hatred for them does not mean you should be blind on what they are capable of. Respecting someone does not mean you have hard on for them. It just means you know what they are capable of.
@_date: 2017-02-18 07:25:02
Really, or just know history. People like him have come time and again in history. No one can ever rebel against the system without support of a portion of the elite. 
If all the elite do not want you they will undermine you and throw you to the dogs. Also the deep state in the US is not something to joke with. I feel out of all the countries America has another state within which has a strong influence on the government. 
Also even if he starts a revolution against the elite, he first has to burn the establishmet down which he has not done yet. But once that's done, usually the leaders of the revolution get strung up by the neck and someone else always ends up becoming the leader. 
@_date: 2017-02-07 18:58:00
Same to you, difference on role and purpose of government is quite common. But I kind of understand your approach as well. 
@_date: 2017-02-07 15:51:17
Problem is that although a trade deficit occurs alot of the rules are built in a way to make sure the US ends up receiving majority of the money in the end, either through investment or purchasing of bonds.
The problem in the US is that the jobs lost during NAFTA were already on their way out. NAFTA just put the final nail in the coffin. The reality is that alot of job loss occuring right now are due to changing economic conditions. Most people unfortunately are unable to adapt to the changing economic climate which is causing the feeling of joblessness or loss of the good old jobs. This issue can only be solved by retraining or proper safety nets to allow these people to retire out with little harm.
@_date: 2017-02-07 15:13:08
Actually it's the US fleecing everyone else. Hell Canada has one big issue with the US on NAFTA that the US lost in two tribunals and still ignores cases and keeps tariffs on softwood lumber exports. All these trade are actually heavily in favour of the US or one can say to expand US economic clout and dominance. Whether that is good for Americans or not I am not sure.  
@_date: 2017-02-07 16:39:12
You make a good, point, that when it comes to manufacturing the US are not doing as well in some trade deals. When it comes to flow of money though, if you are a CEO or a shareholder, you have done quite well.
Problem with Red Tape though is what red tape. It's the same issue when it comes to public spending. Do you want to cut environment laws to save a few bucks. Personally for some things no. Remove labour laws to allow corporations to have a stronger control over their employees.
 Simplifying rules is great, and healthcare benefits are good but in some cases hard to deal with. Honestly if benefits could be offloaded to the government in a universal sustem like universal healthcare based on the taxes on income and letting stares decide the way they want it to function, it removes another cost to businesses and simplifies the healthcare issue.
But no one wants increased taxes. Honestly I feel it can be done with little tax increase, as there are certain wastage in the government, mostly in the form of subsidies for industries that should not exist, or shrink. The DEA, which should be disbanded and it's duties passed onto the FBI. Closing private prisons, and in a sense changing our laws and punishment for drug users or non-violent offenders. Should help us close a number of the prisons. But this is a whole new topic where more spending cuts can exist, but no one wants them to. Like the military bases that the military want to close but the government keeps open because their counties rely on them to survive.
@_date: 2017-02-09 14:44:27
Or maybe your pessimist who thinks the world in one view. Places that were once considered barbaric lands are now considered cradle of civilization. Singapore just 40 years ago was a third world nation kicked out of Malaysia. 
You think I like China. It's weird I have to defend China considering my countries beliefs and ideology are in confrontation with it. It's the main reason I prefer the independence of Hong Kong and Taiwan, as that at least gives the nation culture and spots of freedom. 
But I am not going to dismiss a country to being useless because it is not like the US. I already pointed out that they are catching up, and they can quite easily pass the US, especially if the US makes some big mistakes, or ends up making the same mistakes as the Roman empire. Also building up reputation is a long game and image of a nation can change quite fast or slow depending on events.
So maybe even if you lived there, your hate for the country is more based on clash of beliefs rather than what is possible. Shit can happen, and if things keep going the way they are China will start to move ahead in some field in comparison to the US. Trump already showed us you can make a mistake in predicting the future. Same way I see China capable of achieving alot. Personally, I was a supporter of the TPP partly to isolate China as I preferred the US dominance.
So I don't know why you keep thinking I support China. I just hate when people use absolute and hyperbole to generalise groups of people and nations.
@_date: 2017-02-07 18:11:56




You are right about zoning laws but that is the cause of not putting industrial or certain housing into other communities, and people trying to control their neighbourhoods, those rules start out that way and then end up catching other people leading to more complicated laws. Though I am less knowledgeable about the BLM. I also wonder though which exact rules.
 The EPA is really hard to say, but it depends on what law, have not read into it the exact rules that people want struck down or regulation decreased. But they are the reason they exist is that you can't just build whatever you want whenever you want. Also making sure things run in for the best case of public health and the countries environment. The problem is two competing approaches, one is NIMBY who force regulations and second is gutting it in places that matter leading to issue like Flint etc. Their focus has been messed with needs organizational restructure not gutting. Also they are responsible of making sure that companies comply with air pollutant contents, water pollutant contents, waste etc. Also protecting certain habitats in America, that personally I would rather see live on than be bulldozed. There are some that are crazy that you can wonder why, but those are usually due to laws for one issue ending up expanding into something else.




Those are horrible jobs. People who use Uber make less than an average taxi driver. It is a good secondary income, but should never be considered primary. And Airbnb is horrible, one crazy party and you are stuck with huge insurance claim. One death and good luck with even being able to rent it out in a year. An accident and you could be liable for huge damages. There is a reason why hotels have regulations. It's also takes away alot of bargaining power from employees. For example if an employee gets injured at work can he sue if he is forced to sign an agreement that the company is not liable for injuries. Another issue is trying to control worker hours to make sure you don't end up forcing people to work crazy hours. Most of these rules are created to help people working under big business but end up expanding to small business. Which to be honest are some of the worst offenders, by making people do work without the required equipment. Etc.






The issue is you have three bodies, that are not only dealing with themselves but with the private industry. Healthcare insurance is for profit. You remove profit you take away a huge chunk of spending. Healthcare insurance should not be as big of an industry. Germany has a public private hybrid but it is only the hospital's or medical facilities that can be private. Canada has a public system and their overall cost per patient is less than in America. The main reasoning can easily be attributed to early detection, which when people don't have to worry if they are covered or not or its cost can get done. For me it's maslow's triangle, take away a necessity and the person can focus on something else and better themselves.


Big government for me is different from many other ways, I believe in the constant updating of the laws, but needs to be focused on is less control on people's personal lives like surveillance and certain rules. Yes it has expanded in many ways but neither government will ever decrease it. They just have their own version of big government they shove on people.
Also eBay and Craigslist are not a good example of managing a country. As both have very different goals. One is for profit and one is management of a country. I mean if you want to see a profitable country look at Singapore and Dubai. They have giant governments yet are really profitable. So was UK and Switzerland. They have a bigger role on citizen lives than the US has.
For me smaller government is decreasing inconvenience but also removing as much of the issues about necessities or how to pay for everything by alleviating costs and letting people focus on taking risks like starting a business etc.


@_date: 2017-02-09 08:03:26
Really, hyperbole much.
Their land has vast resource for both agriculture and rare earth metals.
So what if they ripped of the world, when you play the game of catch up you do it. But you also innovate your own products. They have a big issue with fake papers and thesis, but they at the same time they are throwing money down to build world class research institutes. Give it twenty years for them to both catch up and end up being leaders in certain sectors of the academic world.
Just cause they have a controlled government does not mean great minds do not exist. If anything the idea they are running the country to the ground is funny, considering the 369 they took after Mao death which has lead them to where they are now. On the cusp of become a world economic powerhouse, that can rival the US. No one could say they would see the US unseated from their position just 50 years ago, and no less by China.
@_date: 2017-03-21 00:39:37
I would not get your hopes up. And for all the issues you may have with this news, they actually do alot of good especially for rights. Sometimes over zealous on their controls but usually most of the news about them putting forward policies are mostly recommendations.
@_date: 2017-03-07 03:16:52
Weirdly enough that was what was necessary to keep alot of people employed because of the stupidity of the public. 
The same issue we are dealing in Canada with cheap money. Also banks giving stupid loans and getting bailed out. 
Oh and if you think the bailouts were horrible, Lehman Brothers were not bailed out and the shitshow that became is horrible. Imagine that at a larger scale if more banks were not bailed out. 
It was a damned if you do and damned if you don't situation. Though a break up of financial institution should have happened right after.
@_date: 2018-10-23 15:42:58
It's hard to get in though, and the are limited spots.
@_date: 2017-01-30 05:43:46
Where the fuck do you have to go to find this argument. It's like you have to seek the nutjob who actually holds such a belief. 
@_date: 2018-10-31 04:35:02
Kind of ironic you call others NPC not noticing what you are doing is what an NPC would really do. Regurgitating talking points.
@_date: 2018-10-28 01:19:02
Likely not, it's more complicated than wechat or Alipay, which are what people are used to. 
@_date: 2018-10-28 12:50:55
Revolutions are not peaceful they are chaotic. You really need the average Chinese person to lose faith in their currency and a major crisis for people to jump onto Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-12-25 23:48:10
Ummmm, not sure what you are saying but I do not see much change by Trump. Lots of rhetoric for image, but no action. And those that exist are symbolic at most for the supporters. The economy in the rust belt will still go to shit. The coal plants will still die and the tech sector is only willing to talk because they need him to not make any moves that may hurt their sector of the economy. Considering his policy proposal technically threatened their sector. 
As far as I see nothing is going to change. The TPP will be revived under a different name and passed as a Trump trade deal.  
As far as I see Trump is going to be a tool of the GOP, and the scapegoat when shit gets bad. He is their puppet now. 
@_date: 2016-12-26 06:59:23
Yeah. Notice how they are starting to get jobs within his cabinet and replacing his old crew. I just expect them to do just slowly chip away and remove all his old allies from the election and replace it with their own people. 
It's politics, you cannot rule without the support of people, and the people he needs the approval of to keep ruling and not be dealing with blockades is the GOP establishment. They are going to make him eat every word of his. 
Which is why he won't go after Clinton as he promised in the Election. 
But in the case of Bitcoin, maybe we might get something out of it. But personally I do not expect much other than the US trying to find a way to exert control on the currency. 
@_date: 2016-12-25 23:58:10
My problem is do we want more control on Bitcoin, or de want it to be decentralized. I am also still scared people are looking at it like a stock instead of a currency. 
I only see Bitcoin having any success if it is a currency but if it did, it would likely be used by large corps transferring large orders between each other. Unless you can create enough parts of Bitcoin to serve a 10 billion population. 
@_date: 2018-06-21 19:44:04
Or it just stabilizing as I hoped it would and is going to grow in worth slowly from now on, or remain stable. Better than spikes which are not helpful.
Bitcoin has a couple issues it needs to deal with, Energy consumption and viability of its usage for the everyday man. As well as security that is easy to understand, that chimp or a kid could get started on it. Once some of these issues and others get addressed and solved it's price should start rising again and hopefully not in spikes but at a steady rate.
@_date: 2019-08-07 07:47:09
Not really although the currency as pegged tk the gold the currency was still inflationary to a certain point. As coinage was produced for purchasing. Real economies actually began during the Revolutionary period and took off after the Napoleon era where be instituted alot of new economic policies.
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:41:28
Government are the only force that can protect you and abuse you. It's like a relationship. But true liberty is costly and will never give you the joys you wish. The truth is if you really want change you have to make compromises and work to create a government you trust in. You may not like the current government but if you can keep the accountable it is better. But unfortunately governments go tyrannical when they have a minority willing to give them the power to abuse due to rising rhetoric and hate.
Just as there are examples of tyrannical government there are examples of benevolent government. Singapore even with it's strict control the leader strived for a better country, a number of Nordic nation's and european as well.
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:32:56
Wishful thinking. The only places where you can live like that are rural Afghanistan, Somalia and a number of failed states. And personal militaries are not always reliable as they can switch on a dime. Which is why child soldiers are a big thing. Easily impressionable. 
@_date: 2018-03-23 02:57:36
Then why are you so adamant against them and not western leaders and hero's. I mean Reagan and the Kennedy's were equally despicablr mass murderers. Just cause they did not get their hands dirty does not mean they are innocent they knowing let their dogs destroy and murder nation's. But that is whataboutism and both are evil still to start this topic in this thread is asking for it.
@_date: 2018-03-23 02:55:01
Not technically true another Bitcoin or block chain can be created based on the tech of Bitcoin. The technology of block chain is what is valuable another company can rebuild Bitcoin from scratch using the original data and call it something else. A knockoff I can say 
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:24:42
America will have a big manufacturing base, but just like China's whose base has started to decline, other nations are picking it up. As development increases and infrastructure are built up, a number of countries and regions shall start to create their own manufacturing center. South East Asia, still does not have the infrastructure, and is starting to bring those online. I never said the US will no more be number one or 2, it has a large domestic market.
The export side will slowly erode, as some markets shall start creating their own products within instead of importing it from China and the US. China is already noticing this with South East Asia. If Africa comes online alot of imports may drop and domestic manufacturing will increase, as that continent heavily relies on imports due to lack of infrastructure and manufacturing. And I mean overall imports from all nation's outside Africa. This does not mean that the amount of import will drop, but the ratio of imports to exports should level off. Overall production should increase around the world as well as the US as there will be increase trade, it is just that the percentage of dominance will slightly decrease. Also what I was focusing on was how many trades go through the US dollars should increase by amount, but it's percentage on the world market should decline slowly, but not by alot, it would take cenutries or at minimum one century for it to have a significant drop. We see that in the portion of reserve currency per nation currency, other nations have had their share increase, this also includes the introduction of the Chinese Yen as a reserve currency, while the US share in the reserve currency pool has slightly decreased, but not by alot, and only a few percentage points.
Sorry if this is hard to read, I am not trying parrot the points from the election, but something else. Increase trade always means increased exports, but the US has a stronger domestic market and a somewhat strong export market for some products. Certain products will start seeing a heavy loss, but there are other things to also take into account like automation decreasing cost, mass production decreasing cost, and supply chain, it may be better right now to build in the US due to the better infrastructure network, but if infrastructure in SEA grows, I should expect some of the suppliers to those regions to build a regional manufacturing base in SEA. But supply chain are also kind of complicated. And the talk on trade also ignores alot of the subsidies or large government orders which allows these companies to sell at a cheaper price, compared to their thrid world partners as their nation are unable to give them as much support as needed.
@_date: 2017-09-10 16:09:13
Dude, seriously study it yourself, look at wikipedia as a beginning source and tune out the news the data shows there were two spikes. One way before the refugee crisis and another one after. But the thing that caused both spikes was the definition changes, and the spike after the refugee crisis dropped the following years.
Also their rape stats cannot be compared to any country, you use their definition on any other country you will see their rape stats explode. I mean every instance of rape is counted as a separate rape accusation. Even if it is from the same individual, sexual harassment although a different crime in most nations and not classified as rape in most nations is considered rape in Sweden. You use another countries definition of rape in Sweden and you will notice that alot of the drama is unwarranted. The reason for the jump is that the feminist government started throwing more and more definitions under the definition of rape.
@_date: 2017-09-14 20:43:18
The dollar although having a strong backing by oil, is more dependent on confidence and trust. The main currencies to first overthrow it is going to either be the Euro or the Yen. Bitcoin has the ability to carve an area with them over time, but not a major amount. I would worry more on national banks creating their own crypto currency, mainly due to how much easier it is to track transactions and therefore tax them.
@_date: 2017-09-10 18:19:46
No -go zones mean the issue is a place they can not go that is the basic definition, Firefighters go there all the time and the cops, yes they will not feels safe, its a fucking ghetto.
I have shown  you links which show the issue is being exaggerated, but you will ignore it.
And cops being harassed is something we see in all low socioeconomic groups. There is an issue for firefighters as they are entering low socioeconomic neighborhoods, with a tendency to be suspicious of government apparatus.
We can see this same issue in
The US
Now this is no condoning the action, if anything it requires intervention, mostly with education and programs within these communities, talking to the kids and trying to figure out the route of the problem, going to their schools and giving lectures and other things of the like, which we see being implemented in places in the US where crime rate has dropped. Mostly through community outreach and organization and helping community groups educate and talk to the locals in the area. Start building better pr image in these communities. It will be hard at first but usually the payoffs are great later down the road.
@_date: 2017-09-09 23:06:49
You really have no knowledge on the Sweden crime rates and most of what you are talking about has been debunked. I have had this conversation in the past. It sounds good as a headline, but when you look into the data, there has been no increase in rape crimes over time and lost are due to definition changes which now include harrassment as rape.
@_date: 2018-02-12 04:29:58
The question is even if Bitcoin falls and all other Cryptos fall there can always be something that sticks out that goes against the crowd and survive. The question is what.
There are multiple possibilities for cryptos and blockchain tech in general. The problem is which possibilities will result and a significant number have Bitcoin not surviving.
@_date: 2018-02-14 17:59:19
If the government collapse, Bitcoin will.be the last thing on your mind, surviving will be first and bartering will be the basic system. Alot of communication systems and utilities will fail and chaos would exist. Bitcoin won't be what you would be using.
@_date: 2017-10-22 22:15:23
Am I the only one that does not like this as it treats Bitcoin as a stock and investment instead of a currency. I feel it has all the making of Wall Street greed and recklessness, and is more likely to harm Bitcoin than anything. 
I just want Bitcoin to quickly be considered a currency and not an investment. And this just goes against the whole concept of it. It's these very people that will hike the cost of Bitcoin up and then crash it at moment's notice.
And the timing is short, as the longer it takes the more likely for the currency to be banned or new alternative from federal banks to be introduced that could eat into Bitcoin market share. Bitcoin needs mass adoption to the levels that will make government think twice before banning it. All this does is make government wonder if they should tax it like an investment, and consider it as such and not as a currency. I mean government are already talking about taxing Bitcoin and if this is based on percentage it could become quite a significant chunk of it's worth when you conduct trade with it.
@_date: 2017-09-10 17:19:40
Did you read the links, cops and fire fighters enter the area all the time. You are making a hill out of a report that stated something else but some stupid reporter twisted into a new narrative.
Dude, you are saying there are articles that show fire-fighters and medics refusing to enter and there are reports i am showing you articles that show they can, what does that mean. Either shit is being exaggerated to the extreme and the situation is alot more sane than what is being described, or we just have Chicago Lite ghetto. 
Crime rates in these no-go zones are anyway below the US average, how can that be some chaos war zone, if they are more safe than a normal US city.
This is the sentence that created the no go zone narrative and you can see for yourself it has nothing to do with no-go zones, but a story created by the media to create this disaster like situation to feed the masses.
"A few years ago, as part of the reorganisation of the Swedish police force, the national operations department NOA collated a report in which local police identified over 50 "vulnerable areas," which needed more attention from the police. And just over a year ago, 15 of these areas were identified as "particularly vulnerable." Another handful were deemed to be in the "risk zone.""
@_date: 2018-02-03 00:10:01
He did say they are going to clamp down on it. They just reorganized their monetary system to decrease the amount of hidden cash in thearket, they are likely to bring their own version in that will be missed used for the basic concept of cutting their loss in tax revenue.
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:54:45
True, but it's dominance may erode just like the US manufacturing base has eroded as other nations development and their manufacturing base started coming online.
@_date: 2017-09-14 20:43:18
The dollar although having a strong backing by oil, is more dependent on confidence and trust. The main currencies to first overthrow it is going to either be the Euro or the Yen. Bitcoin has the ability to carve an area with them over time, but not a major amount. I would worry more on national banks creating their own crypto currency, mainly due to how much easier it is to track transactions and therefore tax them.
@_date: 2017-09-16 18:06:33
By that point it is not currency for the average person but for major multi-million dollar transaction between large states and businesses. It would be out of the reach of average person and not worth trading in due to the insane transaction costs. Even if turned into denomination of smaller amounts.
@_date: 2018-02-12 03:27:03
Umm, the idea of cryptocurrency will survive, but the question is if. Itcoin will survive the curse of the first in the market. Cause every other company that started usually struggle to survive as something else always comes to take it's throne. Like Facebook to Myspace, or Reddit to Digg.
@_date: 2018-02-14 18:44:49
Because by then your life is significantly changed and internet and networks are likely falling apart. Unless you live in some safe haven. By then people are less wondering how to set up Bitcoin and keep a connection open and more trying to barter with what they have physically for something they need.
Example bullets by then would be a better currency, for the main reason that I need bullets to protect my self, is also in large quantities.
Bitcoin still needs alot of support and progress for it to be a currency in a failed safe. Most importantly it need to be easy to use that toddler can start using and work in a world with no internet or online networks. Basically a device that can allow for transaction etc. Something I wonder if anyone is thinking off.
Another thing is most utilities will fail by that point and the reliance of Bitcoin networks will fail.
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:58:56
Not happening and not sure why this is in Bitcoin, these are major transaction, which Bitcoin may be able to gain on, but it will mostly be traded in another currency. Likely rubles after the deal they made with a Russian company.
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:54:45
True, but it's dominance may erode just like the US manufacturing base has eroded as other nations development and their manufacturing base started coming online.
@_date: 2017-10-06 14:01:13
Depends if you cannot transfer Bitcoin into US dollars it will lose its true value, and cam hurt itself, it may be possible to circumvent with another currency, but unlikely. Likely going to see it be phased out when a government sanctioned virtual currency is brought out.
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:24:42
America will have a big manufacturing base, but just like China's whose base has started to decline, other nations are picking it up. As development increases and infrastructure are built up, a number of countries and regions shall start to create their own manufacturing center. South East Asia, still does not have the infrastructure, and is starting to bring those online. I never said the US will no more be number one or 2, it has a large domestic market.
The export side will slowly erode, as some markets shall start creating their own products within instead of importing it from China and the US. China is already noticing this with South East Asia. If Africa comes online alot of imports may drop and domestic manufacturing will increase, as that continent heavily relies on imports due to lack of infrastructure and manufacturing. And I mean overall imports from all nation's outside Africa. This does not mean that the amount of import will drop, but the ratio of imports to exports should level off. Overall production should increase around the world as well as the US as there will be increase trade, it is just that the percentage of dominance will slightly decrease. Also what I was focusing on was how many trades go through the US dollars should increase by amount, but it's percentage on the world market should decline slowly, but not by alot, it would take cenutries or at minimum one century for it to have a significant drop. We see that in the portion of reserve currency per nation currency, other nations have had their share increase, this also includes the introduction of the Chinese Yen as a reserve currency, while the US share in the reserve currency pool has slightly decreased, but not by alot, and only a few percentage points.
Sorry if this is hard to read, I am not trying parrot the points from the election, but something else. Increase trade always means increased exports, but the US has a stronger domestic market and a somewhat strong export market for some products. Certain products will start seeing a heavy loss, but there are other things to also take into account like automation decreasing cost, mass production decreasing cost, and supply chain, it may be better right now to build in the US due to the better infrastructure network, but if infrastructure in SEA grows, I should expect some of the suppliers to those regions to build a regional manufacturing base in SEA. But supply chain are also kind of complicated. And the talk on trade also ignores alot of the subsidies or large government orders which allows these companies to sell at a cheaper price, compared to their thrid world partners as their nation are unable to give them as much support as needed.
@_date: 2017-10-07 00:00:35
China is not the international currency, the US dollar is and China did not ban Bitcoin but certain exchanges, they are still big in it. 
If the US does not accept bitcoins as a valid currency and ban its usage in banks and it's transaction, most legitimate stores will end up with a hunk of Bitcoin with nothing to do with. Yes it is a disrupter in a sense, but it needs to be way over 73billion dollars. In the global economic scale, 73 billion is worth nothing is worth nothing, and the hoddling is not going to do it justice either, it needs to become more heavily used, more transactions, more usage, until we see 10% of global gdp worth of Bitcoin, it is not there yet. And global gdp is $107.3 trillion according to the CIA Factbook.
One of the biggest problems for Bitcoin is that for it to truly succeed it needs other currencies to be pegged to it not it to others like it is to the dollar. We see the value of a Bitcoin in how many dollars it's worth. Bitcoin will only truly win, when we start asking how much is the dollar worth to the Bitcoin, and not how much is a Bitcoin worth. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 09:43:31
No, big companies have started implementing the tech. Select few so far, and more will soon follow.
I am not talking about private companies selling block chain services, what I am talking about is established conglomerate looking into the tech, like banks and shipping companies etc. 
@_date: 2017-09-10 16:52:05
Dude no-go zones are like Chicago ghettos, or any ghettos. The issue has two problems as is due to immigrants being pushed into communes and not being assimilated.
And although second generation do end up having a heavy drop in criminal activities, mostly due to the Swedish system, the first generation is an interesting problem, more likely tied to the wrong type of people.
But mostly no go zones do not exist in reality except through anecdotes.
The main basis for the no-go zones is the misreporting of a police study about location of intel gathering, and certain parts of the country were hard to gather sufficient intel due to police inability to gain the confidence and trust of the community, due to the communities suspicion to outsiders.
65 areas were identified for issues with high crime rates and problems, and 23 vulnerable locations with more major issues.
The locations were not identified for being no-go zones but as places where the police force had to increase their focus when it comes to crime prevention. Like, certain inner-city neighborhoods in Chicago.
And because i am lazy and someone has discussed this before.
@_date: 2017-10-23 04:18:13
Not yet, but it could with widescale adoption, it might be interesting culturally, not right now, but it might be similar to how in Africa they jumped the computer era etc and went from third world to cellphones and doing everything on simple cellphones.
It really depends on adoption and if a simple to use cellphone app that is reliable is created. It has to be a cheap app that can allow multiple transaction, and not complicated to use.
@_date: 2017-10-23 01:13:07
I think you are exaggerating my response. I am just pointing my view of something I am displeased by. I am not calling it to be banned or anything. Just that it is sad how Bitcoin is being viewed as and becoming a party bus. It's like the very same mentality that created the housing market of 2008.
I have been critical of Bitcoin, but mostly I want to see this actually succeed. 
@_date: 2018-07-19 13:53:40
So US memes in China. Honestly I wonder what Chinese memes would be like concerning Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-14 18:58:56
Not happening and not sure why this is in Bitcoin, these are major transaction, which Bitcoin may be able to gain on, but it will mostly be traded in another currency. Likely rubles after the deal they made with a Russian company.
@_date: 2018-07-07 08:13:55
Maybe, I do know block chain is really taking off with alot of companies trying to be more efficient. That is likely going to create a huge increase in energy consumption. But Bitcoin it'self, I don't know. I mean it can survive as a currency for illicit trade, but to replace modern currency. Maybe, maybe not. Personally have not see much hint of it being anymore than what it is now. Yeah people use it. But it still is inconvenient and does not let someone have an ease of mind when using it.
More likely to see Euro or the Yen become the default world reserve Currency than Bitcoin replacing the dollar.
@_date: 2018-07-07 12:20:34
And out of a bunch of big companies a few find a nice usage for it. And when one does everyone tries to copy it.
@_date: 2017-10-18 04:38:10
Actually banning it's usage would hurt the currency heavily as there will be a massive selloff and the currency will revert to illegal tradings. Many suppliers and companies will stop taking it and off loading their bitcoins. Drop in it's usage would mean holding on to something with little value. That is only if the major economies ban it and replace it with their own cryptocurrency that many nation's are studying and trying to see how to implement.
@_date: 2017-10-18 13:06:13
True but major investment firms are heavily diversified and at this point banning it would only damage the small groups not the big guys. Plus I bet they will have heads up before anything goes down so expect Goldman selling their bitcoins before ethe ban takes place.
@_date: 2018-07-07 08:09:38
Maybe it's showing results related to Bitcoin as you have been looking into Bitcoin alot on Reddit or on Google.
@_date: 2018-04-13 08:57:10
Umm, just going to say the governor seems to be a Democrat since 2011. But then it is a Republican party ruling it.
But according to Wikipedia it's always the Dems who win the state governance.
And the growth and success has been there way before the Trump admin came into office.
@_date: 2019-05-24 12:41:16
Markets technically don't regulate themselves. 
If something is more ethical yet produces increased monetary rewards it will choose those decision. Reality is businesses will choose the most economical approach unless there is a greater monetary cost for using a certain approach forcing the company to change method.
A good example of markets not regulating themselves is the introduction of the EPA, and why it became a necessity another is the Montreal Treaty in relation to chemicals that affect the ozone layer.
@_date: 2016-07-15 17:50:36
As the lords buy bitcoins the peasant spend their hard earned pounds for loafs of breads. 
@_date: 2019-05-24 12:37:39
Not OP, but when you go to a restaurant usually people don't want to be checking all the time and also if a company is not following regulations you can end up with health epidemics or pest issues that are ignored.
Another thing is that if government does not have a monopoly in regulation you are giving it to another organization if to a for profit organization, it will be abused more easily like BBB credentials get abused and companies paying to increase their ratings. The goal should be to have a regulatory system not tied to monetary reward. 
Which a government is better at as it finds this work not through payment and restaurant participation but through tax money which has little connection to the regulatory system.
@_date: 2016-07-08 13:50:41
So the currency will one they be renamed into Satoshi. But that sounds actually good. 
Just scared a bitcoin or even a part of it could get harder to get the more it is used. 
@_date: 2016-07-08 13:34:52
Wait it's back on? I though it was shut down ages ago. 