@_author: risdfh2
@_date: 2017-01-29 22:53:57
They will add more security now. Many smaller business have no idea what the risks are or how to address them before something bad happens.
    On the fourth attempt the hackers had however no chance because the computers had been replaced and the latest security standards integrated, and some networks had been decoupled.
Also, I hope they now have good backup (key for ransomware mitigation)
@_date: 2017-01-29 22:54:47
I see no reason whatsoever to believe it is anything other than caused by normal statistical variance. Alone the fact that it surpassed 35% is no evidence at all - in fact surpassing 35% every 1-2 months is what is statistically to be EXPECTED if actual hash SegWit rate remains exactly at 25%. And remember that actual segwit hash rate is at 25% only since beginning of December 2016, so statistically, the 144-block average forming a peak exceeding 35% is overdue (I will write here by editing why the expected value between two 35% peaks with actual hashrate of 25% is more like 1.4 months than 2 months).
    I don't understand how you reach this conclusion
I can see that. I hope it is clearer now.
    the fact that a jump to 35% never happened before makes it unlikely (but not impossible) that it's just variance.
[but it has jumped to 34% twice - just saying!! On 8th and 30th of December 2016 - you did not even observe carefully ;-) ]
Mathematics tell the exact opposite of what you say. It is not unlikely, but on the contrary absolutely expected. I hope this is clear now. The fact that you even say "impossible" (despite the fact it had reached 34% twice already, but you consider 35% "impossible") shows that you do not understand statistical variation and did not look at (or did not understand) my very simple simulation results that is based on the exact same randomness as the block generation statistics, namely purely statistical independence of successive block signallings, with a given statistical expectation.
    This number P(variance)
You should explain what you mean by "P(variance)". It is not clear from your post, please add a distinct mathematical definition before elaborating on this term. Otherwise all the words are in vain. I think you used the term "variance" here in a somewhat lazy way.
I assume that you refer to "variance" as the 144 block average segwit block percentage (not accurate to call this "variance") and with P(variance) you are referring to the probability that the "variance" (or more precisely the percentage of segwit blocks in a 144 block average) surpasses a certain percentage as expressed by the variable "variance".
I will do more simulations and post them here (by editing my main post in this main thread), also adding the probabilities (or frequency) that 144-block-peaks surpass different percentages. Stay tuned.