@_author: risexit
@_date: 2019-02-05 12:36:14
It's very predictive movement made by financial organizations. Unfortunately they have a real purchasing power comparing to ordinary people and because of that they can buy a lot of cryptocurrency, leaving no chance but to control the whole market ecosystem. They set the market price of cryptocurrency, moving it everywhere. Considering the bear market situation, it should end in a couple of years from now once the ETF  gets approved, otherwise it will be hard for cryptocurrency to get the new peak price and here's why:
@_date: 2019-02-05 12:50:56
This is a good truth to mention that there are no legal requirements for the exchanges to manage cryptocurrencies following a very strict set of rules. Currently, there's only one thing which could turn the tide back - it's the Bitcoin ETF because it's mandatory to develop a custodian process which ensures that funds remain safe when an exchange holds them. But it won't happen any time soon, and SEC won't approve ETF in 2019, you can read about it more on Medium:
@_date: 2019-02-08 11:48:15
Exit Scam.
@_date: 2019-02-08 11:43:43
It's incredible to see that people still deploy Bitcoin Core full nodes in order to support the ecosystem and decentralization, the network needs additional people who support it. The network has to evolve and become more secure, so it could withstand different attacks. Currently, we are developing the P2P trading platform, and we were deploying our nodes and found an interesting statistics at [ , which shows that in the past couple of years a lot of the people have deployed their full nodes. Cheers!:)
@_date: 2019-02-07 10:45:59
We disagree with you. What sentiment are you talking about? You want to say, that people saw another market dip and went mentally REKT? Everyone saw the same bearish markets a couple of times in the past, and it's not a new situation, thereby everything is okay. 
Industry NEEDS ETF, Custodian and other essential things. It will only make the industry more alive and stable. Even if we talk in terms economy of BTC, it will get more liquid if money from ETFs come to this market. Or do you disagree here?
Even from maths standpoint, if you want to enter into the trading position, you have to buy or sell BTC, which provokes the price movement on the market. So once the ETF comes, it should affect the price and the market anyway. And if so many companies are working towards BTC adoption, then your argument doesn't reflect the reality. 
You were talking about community, what exactly did they get? 
@_date: 2019-02-05 12:00:51
Cryptocurrency market has really granted enormous possibilities for people to learn and to know more about finance and ways how to earn more. Unfortunately, due to the fact that market is young it behaves very volatilely and many people lose money because of that. Market will be slowly developed in years from now, we'll see a dramatic change in a couple of years from now, when crypto gets more adoption and ETF is going to be approved. In 2019 we won't see the ETF approval, because it doesn't comply with SEC's requirements, and here's what they need:
@_date: 2019-02-08 12:08:30
It's amazing to see that Bitcoin gets a widespread adoption and soon people will start using it everywhere. Long live crypto!
@_date: 2019-02-08 11:47:12
This is very close to the truth. The only one thing that the industry has to provide on the global scale is the possibility to buy and sell Bitcoin everywhere in any city, in any store, shopping mall. Then, even a 9 years old kid will be able to manage its finance on the entirely new level.
@_date: 2019-02-05 12:16:14
This is very important to note that cryptocurrency market is going through the serious of hard challenges, making the price go down very often. But if we are going to look at Bitcoin's price in the long run, then it steadily grows over the last 10 years, and the price was very stable comparing to the same time span for USD. Unfortunately we are facing right now the bear market and it will be changed once the ETF is approved, but it won't happen in 2019. You can read more about it on Medium: 
 
@_date: 2019-02-08 11:53:56
Get on board with RiseX:) We don't have any ID verifications or trade volumes limits. 
@_date: 2019-01-30 08:47:36
Honestly, there's nothing to wait from this news, because banks don't hold cryptocurrencies, instead, they build in-house solutions intended for cryptocurrency custody and processing(at some degree). Thereby they just prepare the ground for future cryptocurrency usage and nothing more. If you are going to look at official Investment Reports of financial institutions, you will be surprised that banks and other financial entities do not invest in cryptocurrencies, instead, they invest and build technology that will be used in a couple of years. 
@_date: 2019-01-22 16:18:58
Cryptocurrency was always a good option to invest in, even though it may seem that market is going down so tremendously, in fact, if you look at the 1-month trading chart you are going to see steady growth. Moreover, if we speak about cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Ethereum or Monero, they have a limited supply comparing to fiat money which can be printed infinitely.
Currently, we are developing the P2P trading platform, and our analytics team shed some light on the current situation on the market. According to their analysis, we are always at the new price bottom, and its one of the best time to reinvest, in half of the year we can see growth.
@_date: 2019-01-18 21:59:02
It was the Localbitcoins P2P Exchange:)






In Russia you can send money from one credit card directly to another one, even issued by other Bank:)
@_date: 2019-01-29 20:12:43
This is very unpleasant and sad to see when companies do not explain their actions, forcing the trader to leave the exchange. The industry is going nowhere with these regulations that we see everywhere, and law-abiding people become victims of these situations. Moreover, sometimes the staff is not professional as well, and it doesn't take into account your previous withdrawal history. Most likely, you were forced to leave because they didn't want to deal with IRS and your money didn't look legit. But it's their problem, not yours, and they just lost a client. 
That's where Decentralized Exchanges come into play, but unfortunately, they don't have good liquidity levels so you could trade with the amount of money you have. But anyway, they are much better because no one can force you to leave the exchange, and no one can shut down your account. 
We hope things get resolved fast. Have a good luck!
@_date: 2019-01-30 09:21:40
Unfortunately Bitcoin is a very manipulative news instrument for media, and quite a lot of people don't really understand what's going on and where we are heading into. For example, many people are convinced that 2017 was the worst year for cryptocurrencies, because prices have plunged dramatically, but why no one speaks about 2013-2015, when we had seen the same rise and fall? People are reactive about this technology and not proactive. Media manipulates opinions and makes things look worse. People don't analyze anything by themselves and believe everything what others say. 
The future for Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies as a whole looks promising and people who don't understand it now, will lose in a long term. These technologies unlock true financial freedom and these electronic money have real value, because they have limited supply.
@_date: 2019-01-18 11:33:46
The trade happened on the Localbitcoins in Russia, and if you are selling Bitcoin you can provide your credit card number where a person from Russia can directly send you the money . Buyer was telling that he has transferred money to Russian credit card, instead due to the mistake made he could send these funds to Indonesian credit card. In fact, if he has made any transaction it has to be displayed in his bank account. But he didn't provide any evidence from his bank account that transaction was made. That's why we can call it SCAM.
@_date: 2019-01-24 11:01:06
That's one of the possible futures that we are heading into. But we all have to understand one interesting thing. How many projects that wanted to implement cryptocurrency in POS terminals did you see? - I think more than 5 in this industry and the strangest thing here - why no one yet wasn't fully approved to allow payments in cryptocurrencies? I the end, cryptocurrency is just a payment option, and it can be automatically converted into the fiat if the POS owner wants to. 
But for some reason, cryptocurrencies don't get implemented in our lives, and many financial institutions see the danger in them. It's more likely that banks create their cryptocurrencies and will use them instead of Bitcoin, Ethereum and other cryptos. 
Moreover, banks want to control what's uncontrollable, and thereby they will buy bitcoin as much as they can. Here's even the article proving that banks purchase bitcoin.
We are convinced that only P2P and DEX exchanges can save this situation. Moreover, if people start accepting bitcoin as the payment method, then banks won't have a choice but to begin working with cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2019-01-29 19:38:08
There's a massive chance that Bitcoin will increase its price in the following couple of years. If you are going to look at price charts, you are going to find that Bitcoin steadily grows over the last years and there's a considerable chance that current situation on the market is just temporary and we'll see a dramatic price increase in the next years. Moreover, cryptocurrencies get adopted slowly everywhere, thereby it plays an important role also.
Besides the technical part, even from a psychological standpoint, if the market has a strong sell sentiment, then its time to buy, and if the market has a strong buy sentiment, then it's a good time to sell. So hold your coins, everything what you said is right.
@_date: 2019-01-18 22:02:02
Yes, you can fill a chargeback claim in almost any bank of the world, asking to return the money, which was sent by a mistake. Technically yes, the buyer could get both BTC and fiat.
@_date: 2019-01-18 21:44:22
The post is about this confusing situation and possibility for the buyer to get both Bitcoin and cash:) 
@_date: 2019-01-19 09:44:38
Our P2P Trading company thinks that Bitcoin may surge the next year and we'll enter into the new bull run. Currently, we are in the bear market, and there's no need to wait for immediate growth, it will happen when the market stabilizes a little bit. 
How do you think when we will start growing?
@_date: 2019-01-19 09:34:27
It's truth to say that Bitcoin is real money and everything else is not. Because Bitcoin has a limited supply, but governments can print as much money as they want, but it doesn't mean that when government is gone, then money are gone too. Economics has to live somehow, and nobody is interested in killing it:) But Bitcoin is a good investment anyway, because in a long-term perspective Bitcoin will get scarce. 
The other problem that we see is anonymity. Currently we are building a P2P trading platform called RiseX, which allows trading cryptocurrencies without the need to make identity verification if your trading volumes are high. We want to create a place where people can trade anonymously. And that's what many institutions try to suppress, this is the real problem and not US dollars
@_date: 2019-01-19 01:03:19
Yes, that's right. But the scammy part starts when buyer said that he has sent money to the card and then refused to provide a bank statement:)
@_date: 2019-01-30 09:42:45
It's very interesting to see that in a year. Many people don't even think about the basic rules of the economy, and then they suffer substantial monetary losses. And honestly speaking, the price plunge was very predictable, but people are greedy and can't look up the trends, that's why they get in these situations. If we are going to look back at price charts, we'll see the same pattern which happens all over and over again. So, when there is a new bull run and the price skyrockets unusually high, it's another signal to act:)
@_date: 2019-01-24 15:47:02
There are different countries which were sanctioned by the USA and European Union, and it's apparent that they don't have a choice but to use cryptocurrency as the primary monetary instrument. Due to the hyperinflation such countries like Venezuela, Iran, Lybia were left off by themselves, sanctioned, and without any possibility to drive their economy forward. It's a bulletproof fact that Bitcoin may play a signification role in the development of these countries. 
Besides Bitcoin, other superpowers like Russia and China support Venezuela, but it's not enough because citizens of the country simply don't have a buying power to pay for different things. Thereby, nobody is making business in Venezuela, because people don't have money to buy anything and the economy is dying.
We think that cryptocurrencies will play a significant role in the Venezuelan economy.