@_author: rishiferrari
@_date: 2018-08-23 09:20:22
I live in Bangalore, India. I have been banking with Citi for about 11 years now and have had an excellent relationship with them; not even a single delayed credit payment, no loans etc. Managed a healthy balance as well. 
About 15 days ago, I got a call from my relationship manager asking me a lot of questions about my background, what I do (I quit my full time job about three years ago, took a break, traveled a bit and now freelance whenever I want while travelling in between, all on my savings of the last decade, so currently not employed), how much I earned in my previous companies etc. He said this was to complete some compliance requirements and it was not just me but a lot of individuals.
I immediately suspected something was wrong because this was simply not regular KYC. He also mentioned that they know that I had traded in BTC and this was illegal. Fact is, I was trading with an exchange called Coinsecure last year. Early this year I stopped when the value plummeted suddenly and withdrew all my cash to avoid loss and have never traded since. This was technically BEFORE btc was made illegal in India. I had exited btc trading for all practical purposes by then. My 'account' with Coinsecure lies dormant, partly because Coinsecure themselves had to shut down operations due to a massive theft, there is no way to 'close' it now.
After the call, I immediately wrote an email to Citi customer service lodging a grievance and wanting to know the real reason why. I got a reply that said the same thing, that this was regular compliance. Today, I got a letter by mail that Citi has decided to close my account within a month. I haven't lost my money, but I am worried about the impact this will have. Specifically, my concerns are below:
1. When I open a new account with another bank, can this be held against me and can I be denied an account in the future? So I will be helpless without an explanation provided to me as to why the account was closed since I have not done anything illegal. Are other banks doing this as well? I have another account with SBI. I am wondering if I should move this balance to them or create an account with a new bank.
2. In the future, if I join a company whose salary account is with Citi, once again, will Citi deny me the account? I need to know because this may have further implications in the sense that an employer may not hire me due to some 'stigma'
3. Would this create any problems getting loans in the future?
I hope this is just a company policy from Citi's end to be safe and not an action taken by a governmental body with investigations pending. Because, I don't want this to be a black mark against me just because I traded in btc. (at a time when it was NOT illegal)
@_date: 2018-08-23 10:48:35
Just got off the phone with my relationship manager who confirmed that it was due to cryptocurrency transactions. It is not due to instructions from a governmental body or an investigative agency, but due to Citi's own internal (I would say, paranoid) policy of not wanting to do anything with anyone who has transacted in Crypto. Does not make sense considering I stopped before RBI officially banned it, but I was told it was a decision taken way up in the chain to blanket ban. I suspect many people have been affected by this decision.   