@_author: rising_moon
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:17:04
 
I'll wait a second while you google the definition of education. One of the common definitions of education specifically refers to school (doesn't matter which dictionary you have, I assure you they'll have that definition). Merriam-Webster has, "the field of study that deals mainly with methods of teaching and learning in schools."  Dictionary.com has, "a degree, level, or kind of schooling." Oxford dictionary has, "The process of receiving or giving systematic instruction, especially at a school or university." So when you're acting all confused about me using the word education synonymously with school... in a conversation about schools... I wonder either how stupid you must be, or how hard you must be trying to misunderstand me (or maybe both). Or maybe you just don't understand that the word 'education' is often used in that way because (wait for it...) you weren't educated very well.
I honestly don't know what else I expected from a person arguing that colleges don't educate people.
I'll stop calling your snow day argument a dumbass point if you can find a way to defend it. But I suspect you won't, it really is an indefensibly stupid point which is why you haven't even attempted to respond to any of my criticisms. By the way, since our first exchange I've brought up your snow day argument a few times in conversations with other people who have all had a good laugh at it, so thanks for that. I promise to you that when I talk about your snow day argument in the future I'll amend to my story any defense you can come up with here for it, doing my best to represent your points as well as I can and as word-perfectly as I can recall, although I can't promise that I won't be doing so just for the laughs.
@_date: 2017-12-06 08:53:12
You made an insanely stupid point about education being a waste of time, one that is easily proven wrong as I and others have done in this thread, and which you haven't even tried to defend. I spelled something wrong. Then you tried to equate those two mistakes as if they were on the same level of stupidity. Yes, you have lost.
@_date: 2017-12-03 01:55:24
What a sore loser. You can't counter my points so you look for spelling mistakes in a desperate bid to not look like a complete dumbfuck.
By the way, you forgot a period after:


Because apparently these kinds of casual grammar errors are somehow important to the conversation we're having.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:31:56
Wow, are you dense, or just willfully misunderstanding me because you're desperately grasping at straws for something to be right about? When I say education here I'm talking about schools. Or do you not understand that your dumbass point about snow days, if true, would apply just as easily to *all schools* as it would to college?
But keep grasping at straws. If you continue this conversation long enough maybe someday you'll find something legitimate to criticize me about, and then you'll finally be able to leave this conversation feeling better about yourself after making an apparently indefensibly stupid point about snow days.
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:06:31
If you love your partner, why can it feel so nice to have the house to yourself when they're out of town?
This is one of the stupidest threads I've seen on reddit. Yes, you do not *need* to go to college to learn things, but no, that does not mean that college has no value. And fuck no, just because kids like snow days doesn't mean that they aren't being educated. Learning to avoid these kinds of hasty generalizations is exactly why a person might benefit from going to college.
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:20:00
Oh my fucking god.
Doesn't it tell you something when your own ideology suddenly becomes education-phobic?
Perhaps you're afraid of colleges because your own ideology doesn't hold up so well to the kinds of things that institutions of learning stand for, like evidenced-based rigor and integrity. Colleges get it wrong sometimes since they are made up of human beings who are known to get things wrong from time to time, but fuck no they aren't indoctrinating people. To the extent that student's beliefs and ideologies change (if at all) when they go to college it's because their former beliefs and ideologies didn't stand up so well to people whose job it is to rigorously challenge what human beings think they know. In college, if you make a statement you are asked to back it up. I can understand that this might offend people who have beliefs and ideologies that aren't very evidenced-based.
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:42:21
Neither. Good for you, but an ivy league diploma doesn't make you smart, as evidenced by your falacies here.
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:37:42
Not trying to be sophisticated, that is actually what the mistake you just made in your logic is called. I can't believe you didn't learn that word at your ivy league college, or if you did, that it would sound "sophisticated" to you.
According to your logic, if you really loved your partner then you wouldn't be excited to have the house to yourself when they go out of town. The answer to this "problem" is the same in both cases: it's nice to have a day to yourself, but if it were a week or a month you would certainly miss your partner if you really liked them. It's nice to have an unexpected break from the stress of your education, but you wouldn't be happy about a week or a month break from the education you've worked so hard to get (and might be paying a ton for). Missing a day of school does not have much (if any) impact on your education. Are you seriously so dense that you would need someone on the internet to point out such an obvious thing to you?
The other glaring fallacy in your snow-day argument is the generalization I mentioned before: your argument really only works if every college student loved all snow days. Not all college students enjoy snow days. And the same college student might enjoy a snow day on one day or in one term but not during others.
You might have gone to an ivy league, I don't really know, but it seems like you didn't learn much there other than to parrot other people's fallacious arguments.