@_author: risingashes
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:26:00
Whose to say that people wont all get together and decide that the definition of gold now includes plastics and all plastic byproducts?
Then gold will be worthless.
@_date: 2014-04-03 05:34:31
He seems rightfully alarmist about the concentration of ownership and that's what's informing his tone in the rest of his statements.
If Bitcoin does become a significant medium of exchange, it'll do so under constant threat that early adapters could choose to significantly destabilize the economy at any moment.
Even assuming all significant holders act rationally, their slow profit taking will be a value leeching influence possibly forever, all based on nothing but pure luck rather than contribution- argue philosophically on the relationship between wealth and input in the major economy all you want but Bitcoin is significantly worse in all ways.
@_date: 2014-05-12 01:24:11
It's not "straight up fraud".
Barter allows the exchange of one good for another good, money is a societal invention that allows for delayed exchange. By using money created by society you agree implicitly to have the supply controlled by the same body that ensures it's exchangability.
If you no longer want to be subject to this then you need to stop trading in that currency. But keep in mind that you must also dis-invest from all assets denominated in that currency. Any area within a nation belongs to the collective of that nation, they can at any moment take it from you despite property rights as those rights derive from the nation.
Bitcoin, for the first time allows true disinvestment. But don't go around claiming printing money is fraud, as doing so is essential for the currency as it currently exists and has been the modus operandi of central banks for long enough that no reasonably informed person can claim ignorance.
Edit: Additionally, even if all your currency is in Bitcoin that still will do nothing to solve the problem of implicit national ownership. As long as your assets fall under the purview of a nation those assets are still not owned by you, merely rented until such time the nation decides you having them is no longer necessary.
@_date: 2014-06-12 02:32:35


Miners are already able to individually exclude transactions from a block they've successfully mined. So your issue already exists. The only way for coins to be blacklisted would be for a universal concensus between successful miners, which would mean the reason would have to be undeniably justified.
I think theft is an undeniably justified reason for no longer having access to your ill-gotten gains, I'd imagine this is a universal belief. Donations to Scientology, the US government, drugs, or plush toys are far from universally rejected/accepted and so the doomsday scenario you're using is untenable.


The coins still have the same value, they're just no longer transferable as they're stolen and thereby not in the position of the legitimate owners. Why would allowing people who don't own the coins to spend them be preferable in your mind?
@_date: 2014-06-12 02:59:59
Wouldn't miners be able to select blocks indefinitely that do not include those specific transactions, making them unusable as long as all successful miners participated?
@_date: 2014-05-31 11:09:28
When writing numbers in a business accounting ledger you wrote positive numbers in block and negative numbers in red in order to easily differentiate them.
'In the black' makes sense because your figures are being written with that color. 'In the green' makes no bloody sense and reduces the saying to an absurdity.
If you want to say something then say you're 'in profit' or any other combination of words that make sense in the English language, don't twist a saying that has a clear and meaningful origin by substituting a synonym that makes no logical sense just because you're ignorant and assume that's a positive attribute.
@_date: 2014-06-12 02:42:29
Come to a public forum and give evidence that you gained the coins through something other than theft and get taken off the blacklist.
But now law enforcement has more information on where the stolen coins originated from.
@_date: 2014-08-31 08:54:13
It all depends on the purchase price.
If you bought at $1000, buying something at $500 is effectively paying double for something. You might do it, simply to close your position- but it's going to be painful.
To people who bought a lot at $2, or $20, every new merchant is an extra enticement to slice off a piece of what is considered (illogically) to be free money.
You're looking at Bitcoin as if it's a share with a dividend and a underlying base that can outperform or underperform- it's not. It's a speculative currency, and when a person bought determines how they view the value of their holdings.
There is no logical reason for people to convert their fiat in to bitcoin and then to spend those bitcoin on goods. That's crazy. People do that only because they're fanatics who think they're contributing to something bigger than themselves. But to people who illogically view a $450 television as being bought for $225 because of a 100% investment profit, the theory you're misunderstanding definitely comes in to play.
@_date: 2014-06-12 01:12:51


If a person's future transactions were blocked, they could then post how they got the coins. Even if all the coins reentered the economy, it would at least give a lot more information in order to track down the original thief so they could be prosecuted.
Yes this would slow down a minuscule amount of transactions, and force information disclosure, but it would also create a disincentive for future big time heists.


Sure, but in this case the beholders would need to all (as you've said, 1 miner can make things increasingly difficult) miners to agree 'drugs are bad', or that US laws are paramount. I'm assuming that 100% of people agree that theft is wrong- even if they engage in it themselves.
@_date: 2014-06-12 02:37:32
Under confiscation the result is that the person holding the unit of value is no longer able to spend that unit of value, under blacklisting the same is true.
You're criticizing the analogy because it's a different process with the same result- that's what an analogy is. If there is an actual difference say it.


If they've been sold to other people they can come to a public forum and reveal their transaction information. This would quickly lead to the real-world details of the thief and allow them to be brought to justice.


All of them, but Bitcoin is a public ledger, meaning that every unit can be traced distinctly. The thieves can and should be tracked and held accountable, and unlike currency, Bitcoin is readily able to do this.
@_date: 2014-06-12 01:02:53
What basis is this going against?
Why wouldn't it work?
@_date: 2014-04-23 04:41:09
A bit of a superiority complex goes a long way to getting yourself burned- I'm with you on that.
However, I'm not sure how you imagine the collusion to have worked.
* Mastercoin has low volume.
* Safecoin had a ridiculous conversion rate.
* People saw this and made the 'smart' decision to convert until 0.2
* Safecoin got flooded with Mastercoin, because of the ridiculous conversion rate
In order to benefit from this you'd need to:
1) Hold a fair amount of mastercoin
2) Hold hardly any mastercoin once the conversion is cutoff
3) Know when it would be cutoff
So under your theory of collusion, the MC preminers would talk to the Safecoin people and get told when the cutoff would happen. And the safecoin people would get a cut.
The issue is that this would mean Safecoin would be stuck "holding the bag". The majority of their offering, is now in mastercoins which due to the horrible conversion and low MC volume will be worth nothing compared to if they'd gotten the full offering in Bitcoin.
Yes the MC preminers would have made out like bandits, but the split with the Safecoiners would have to be so large that it would cancel out most gains.
The more likely explanation is that:
* Bitcoiners contain many greedy people.
* Safecoin mods made a really really really really stupid decision. A decision so stupid that I'd question their understanding of markets to the point where it would be borderline insane to trust them at all.
* MC had a few preminers and longterm holders that made out famously, and while their market will be shaken for a while, their supply has also been reduced fairly significantly. Whether this equates to an increase or decrease in equilibrium price is unknown.
* There was zero collusion between parties as gains were adversarial.
@_date: 2014-07-26 11:36:55
The bet wasn't for a nickel, it was for a bitcoin- a currency that if the bet is won will be worthless and if it's lost will cost him a potentially massive amount.
That's why it's a stupid bet. It's the equivalent of betting $50 that a fake $50 wont be accepted at a convenience store and your prize if it isn't is the fake $50.
@_date: 2014-07-04 07:59:42
1) Okay, so it's as I thought. The source of success or failure would be fixed within the original contract.
2) Smart contracts are tauted as legal dispute settlers. But really they should be called smart bets if this is the extent of their use. They cannot settle anything with any kind of complexity, only look at a metric and return a true or false- this limits their use to nothing but a gambling facilitator rather than any kind of relavence to disputes.
It makes me wonder how anyone could use smart contracts as something relating to legal matters, it requires a complete misunderstanding of what happens in legal disputes or in contract law.
3) You have. Party A wants to bet that the temperature on day 5 is above 50 degrees C, party B want to bet against this. Party A would need to pay party B 50 bitcoin if they're wrong and party B would need to pay 250 bitcoin is they're wrong. 
Wouldn't this require locking in 300 bitcoin as unusable during that time? If not, how is each party held accountable for their bet?
I ask because this is completely divorced from how normal medium term  betting and contracts work. Requiring a total deposit on a bet that might have a small expectation of realisation would effectively make hedging and participation impossible by anyone other than those who have a zero time value of money. 
@_date: 2014-06-12 02:27:20
We don't know who holds the coins specifically but we do know whoever is holding them stole them.
All the parties you listed are thieves. Name one that could have control of the coins that isn't and you'll have a point.
@_date: 2014-04-03 05:46:29


The investment has been in Bitcoin services not in Bitcoins themselves. The investment actually has a negative impact on price, as the services promote liquidity and purchasing, the former allows early adapters to easily 'cash out' and the latter means vendors receiving Bitcoins immediately convert to fiat.
This isn't a bad thing, as ultimately having these services available is necessary for long term growth, but it's silly to think investment = price.
@_date: 2014-07-04 04:34:56
Need some explanation from someone:
1) How exactly does the smart contract know if an external event has happened or not? What informs the contract of either success or failure? Please explain using an actionable example of something a smart contract can be made on and where it would draw the decision from.
2) If, as I suspect, the information source is a global economic variable does this mean smart contracts are really just limited to publicly obvious and stable-source information such as share prices, exchange rates etc. This would make it essentially useless for next to all actual legal disputes. Is this correct?
3) Wouldn't this style of contract setting require both parties to front the potential payoff upon creation of the contract? Effectively requiring a huge capital investment and opertunity cost each time anyone wants to create a smart contract- to the point where no one in their right mind (outside casual speculators) would use these?
If not, how does the smart contract extract payment from the losing party?
@_date: 2014-05-20 01:30:31
Okay, just so we're on the same page: do you believe deflation is a bad thing? More specifically do you believe any deflation ever is a bad thing (and how bad), and do you believe a trend (or an expectation of a trend) of deflation is a bad thing (and how bad)?
Knowing this allows me to know how truly irrelevant what I've said is to what you're discussing without me just talking past you.


There is a very special aspect of the US$ and that is it's status as the reserve currency in a fiat system. Keep in mind that while economies have failed under fiat, and while the most powerful currencies have failed from ancient times, the reserve currency in a global fiat currency has never failed- and there is good reason to believe that it wont until the currency loses it's reserve status.
These reasons are numerous, but the best off the top of my head is that global crises will lead to investors flocking to the most dependable assets, and the currently most dependable asset is the US bond, since the US is a large direct (or indirect) component of global trade this means a US crisis becomes a global crisis.
And secondly: US bonds are denominated in US$. This is essentially cheating, since the money coming in is the same as the required repayment.
Thinking about a country like a household is ridiculous because a household doesn't purchase things from itself and therefore the majority of it's currency stores come from external sources and go to external sources, and households cannot borrow from itself in order to create new tokens.


So when you say we have enormous debt, and high deficits, that's not unrelated to a deflation avoidance strategy it's entirely because of it. Deflation is the big bad of the finance game because it creates an effective automatic savings rate (holding pure money becomes more valuable over time) lowering the incentive to invest, acquire resources and consume.
This might be fine from a personal wealth perspective, but the economy is based around continuous growth, and a massive wealth destruction would occur if that was ever threatened (far more than inflation has over time).
Now there is an issue of America losing it's reserve currency status, and that's a devastating possibility. But it's a simple fairytale currently. Look at the interest payouts on US Bonds, it's close to zero percent, look at the interbank loan rate, close to 0%. Yet inflation is flat. The debt doesn't concern the market because the time value of debt is effectively costless, and since the economy isn't a household, debt translates in to significantly more money stimulating the economy than would otherwise.


Will the debt be addressed? Of course, as soon as it starts to cost something and the economy starts working properly again. But as long as we're teetering on the edge of deflation, deficits and debt are the only way to keep the US from entering a disaster. This'll come from other countries finally allowing the development of a middle class that demands imports, so they stop stockpiling US bonds at 0% and instead spread the purchasing power to their populations.
The US cannot do this for the other countries as the bond rate is market based, it would be insanity to pay someone more than they are willing to be paid, and doing so would do nothing to influence the effective inflation rate upwards.
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:25:47
You seem to fundamentally not understand what reserves are.
I'd suggest you sit down and learn basic things before offering further comments.
@_date: 2014-04-12 08:19:46
As others have said: don't order now.
Shipping has been (understandably) delayed multiple times. They're only now sending bulk first orders, and the first batches lack a few key features (technically not glutten-free, not using the ideal ingredients).
They haven't ventured in to incompetence as of yet, as the delays seem to be directly linked to normal start-up concerns and certain suppliers screwing them over.
But waiting until the production process is well oiled will avoid disappointment, at no real loss. The company currently has too many orders in the pipeline, so the boat on 'supporting the initiative' has sailed.
The guy in charge is really passionate about full sustenance replacement, with a focus on eating only for pleasure. I'd suggest reading his blog, as I found his articles quite an enjoyable mix of overly specific foodology, and futurist ponderings. Just avoid talking about it in healthfood topics unless you want the equivalent of 'bitcoin = drug money' naysayers spamming you.
@_date: 2014-04-03 06:00:36
Every time someone makes a purchase with Bitcoin the price drops.
Until vendors wish to hold Bitcoin what you're seeing is what will always happen. We've simply gotten more places that will accept Bitcoin and then immediately convert it to fiat, so spending your Bitcoin is easier meaning the price falls faster.
@_date: 2014-06-12 03:01:33
The coins in question were lost according to MTGox, the only way someone could buy up the coins is from the thief, no?
@_date: 2014-06-12 02:40:13
Another slippery slope arguement.
Do you think theft is wrong? What percentage of people do you believe would agree with you?
Do you think taking drugs is wrong? What percentage of people do you believe would agree with you?
Do you think country music is wrong? What percentage of people do you believe would agree with you?
Do you see my point? The first point is universal and everything else isn't. The only way this would work is with universal agreement between successful miners. It cannot be implemented otherwise.
@_date: 2014-05-18 03:18:14
The US currency is massively deflating due to excessive inflows from foreign investors, or that is it would be without unprecedented increases in the money supply.
You can logically infer this, as inflation levels are where they currently are despite all the 'money printing' (I really wish you guys would use bond issuing rather than trying to muddy the waters).
The US central bank policy is currently reactionary to a global over-saving trend built upon the AAA rating of US debt. Once other countries lift their heavy-handed restrictions on local consumerism (China especially, but Europe is a close second), the US wont be constantly handed free money and bonds can be winded down.
This assumes that you believe (as the Fed does) that deflation (of any number) is a deathblow to an economy. Otherwise you'd be more justified in thinking the Fed is acting irrationally. Although I'd be careful about assuming deflation isn't destructive, there is a lot of literature on the topic and the 'nays' sound crazy (or worse: flippant).
@_date: 2014-06-12 01:04:02
Does the US government confiscating drug money hurt the US$ fungibility?
@_date: 2014-02-07 09:09:43
The exact same way credit card companies currently deal with cash which has a finite quantity.
@_date: 2014-06-12 00:57:33
If 1 miner ignores the embargo, wouldn't the others simply update the list to the new address?


Okay, but the difference is that it isn't one person deciding arbitrarily, it's a group that identify a clear theft and remove the chance to gain from that theft.
@_date: 2014-04-11 13:01:35
What about 'unassailable'? I think it covers the principle while being a part of the common vernacular.
The word also doesn't imply a protecting agent unlike many of it's synonyms (protected, entrusted, defended, entrenched), while at the same time implying a mechanism that unquestionably prevents attacks rather than a simple boast about the quality of a defense.
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:45:23
So, if the wallet is printed completely offline, how are duplicate addresses prevented?
Each address would have a predeterminable private key right, the security is that brute forcing the private key would take 1 million years with current technology.
But if an offline tool randomly picks an address how does it know what addresses are already picked?
@_date: 2014-02-07 03:22:03
Wouldn't you just have credit card companies that deal in bitcoin?
This seems like a fairly silly roadblock you've constructed.
@_date: 2014-06-12 03:05:36
Innocence until proven guilty is a principle that prevents improper incarceration, not to prevent someone providing basic information and having their money tied up for a minimal amount of time.
The way you're applying the principle would make law enforcement impossible as people could just never provide any information that would lead to catching a criminal just by saying "I'm not guilty".
The flagged addresses aren't being accused of guilt, they're effectively being suppeaned.
@_date: 2014-06-12 01:02:00
A consensus between developers based on the investigations already done and confirmed on this reddit as a good first option.


Why? This is a case of undeniable theft. It's right out there in the open, on the blockchain. I thought one of the major aspects of Bitcoin was the fact it involved a public ledger, that public ledger is currently tracking fraud that could easily be removed from the economy.
Is a slippery slope argument really the best you have? "If we stop this fraud who is to say a secret cabal of miners wouldn't form and destroy Bitcoin?"
Why not judge the situation on the situation itself instead of creating a fantastical hypothetical? What precisely do you imagine happening if this clear case is dealt with?
@_date: 2014-04-12 08:11:39
Not really, in the book- which the term is from (it's Soylent Green in the movie)- it isn't made of people.
Unless you think people are actually going to believe that it's made from people, what exactly is the harm? It's a good sounding word, that has already gotten a heap of free press from the association.
Other than idiots (no offence) spamming the concern on behalf of an non-existent group of ignorant headcases, I'm not seeing the issue. Bring me 0.1% of potential customers that legitimately think they're selling people meat, and therefore will not consider purchasing it and I'll concede the point.
@_date: 2013-12-10 08:19:57
Can you use a pile of dollar bills to power your house?