@_author: risker1980
@_date: 2014-04-26 17:31:46
The Silk Road bust I agree in the long term was a good thing and showed that bc is not just a drug dealer/black market thing, which we all knew anyway. The problem is that that whiff will stay around for a long time, as it was for many the first exposure people had for the usage of bitcoin, the nature of first impressions being what they are. The price did run up I presume because potential investors and coinheads saw that it was resilient as a currency. That's great for investors and stock folk, but that's where the grandma analogy comes in. Paypal works as a term because it's pretty innocuous and appears somewhat friendly as a term. Dark Wallet does not. It's just that by using these terms, when it comes to spreading street usage, can make a business appear more sinister than it should, especially if you're trying to promote a System D usage.
Ultimately, how you want bitcoin used is going to depends on your preference on how it should be promoted and used. If you don't want it used on the street, then yeah, it doesn't matter what it he metaphorical grandma thinks, but if you want it used for street trade, it kinda does.
*Full disclosure. I do not have any bitcoin, just very intrigued by witnessing the birth of a currency. Also, I'd never heard the term 'System D' before so thanks for that. Also, I'm more than free to be persuaded as I have a lot to learn about bc.
@_date: 2014-04-26 15:36:05
True, couldn't put it down. Saw someone earlier on in this thread say that he's a terrible person, he is, but he also knows how to sell an idea or a concept brilliantly. If you want something to go mainstream, you have to adapt to the mainstream, not fight against it. In the real world Bitcoin is still fighting off its associations with Silk Road and the MT GOX debacle, it only makes sense to adapt the terminology to make things like Dark Wallet less ominous sounding. It sounds cool, sure, but would your grandma want one?
@_date: 2014-04-26 17:35:34
Sorry, I didn't mean to imply a zero-sum game, it's just that I lurk on here a lot then someone mentions a book I read and take notes on and I felt like I had something to contribute. 
Target demographics are the thing to take care of, I agree, and right now grandma is not the intended consumer as you say. The problem comes when BC grows and has more of a reputation, the seeds you plant now dictate what kind of plant you get when it grows, if you get the clumsy analogy.