@_author: ritmusic2k
@_date: 2018-01-18 23:49:46
This was better than I expected it to be - they took a deeper dive than I thought they would.
@_date: 2018-01-04 17:51:19
This is always the response that I use.  Its value is that the currency and the payment system are one and the same.  Imagine if every physical dollar in your wallet had the ability to paypal itself to anyone in the world anywhere in the world... would that be worth something to someone?  
@_date: 2018-01-04 18:05:15
Binance just posted an announcement to their blog that they are suspending new membership applications for the time being while they improve their infrastructure.  So, we'll have to wait for them to reopen the gates.
@_date: 2018-01-18 19:27:30
Coinbase seems to be manipulating its exchange in an effort to promote Bitcoin Cash and stifle Bitcoin, which some of us have taken exception to.
@_date: 2018-01-19 16:28:59
It had been all over this sub a few weeks ago, but there was a combination of behaviors that looked a bunch like insider trading leading up to the BCH release.  Additionally, they've been observed conveniently closing their BTC and BCH exchanges at times designed to pump or preserve the value of BCH and damage BTC's, they claim (against fact) that they haven't received much feedback or many requests to implement segwit transactions, while also deliberately flooding the mempool through unbatched transactions.
Each individual grievance might not be enough, but taken as a whole, it looks like they're starting to act against their user base's best interests.
@_date: 2019-07-30 15:55:38
I can hear Bill Wurtz singing this meme
@_date: 2018-01-18 21:45:37
Gemini just verified my account yesterday, right in time to buy some of this sweet dip; anyway, it took them about three and a half weeks.  I registered for bitflyer on the same day and still haven't heard back from them.
@_date: 2019-07-11 22:21:10
Are there plans in place to include the alternate US domains prime.amazon.com and smile.amazon.com?  I'm particularly interested in the latter since I like to roll my charitable giving into my regular purchases.  It seems like the corresponding checkout pages are identical, but the extension only shows up when the URL prefix is 'www'...
That said, this is already an outstanding resource you've developed.  I've been wanting to do more actual commerce for awhile now but never liked the cumbersome "buy an amazon giftcard with crypto" intermediate step.  Keep up the outstanding work!
@_date: 2019-07-11 23:14:36
Awesome - thanks so much for your responsiveness!
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:21:09
Hey there!  I've been wondering this and from what I'm reading in your list above, it seems like you might have the answer for me here.
I'm wondering about how gapital gains are figured with these transactions.  Reading bullet point  it sounds like moving money from a crypto wallet into a USD wallet within a program like Coinbase is technically not taking profits; correct?  Like, I haven't profited from a true sale until that money is in my linked external bank account... is that the case?
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:15:26
Coinbase is like a layer on top of the GDAX exchange; GDAX was experiencing service issues so they moved all transactions from the market to the order book (where a person pre-lists a set amount of coin for sale at a set price, and the sale doesn't occur until a buyer picks that specific order and then it gets reconciled).  It was basically a shift from live transactions to planned ones, which sorta froze the price for awhile as thousands of orders got placed and waited for them to fulfill.  They're back to live trading now.
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:24:40
We should both probably talk to a tax professional to really make sure we understand the details, but I think this is the gist of it:
Unlike sales tax, these taxes are not collected at the time of the transaction; we pay our taxes once a year.  You have to *account* for every transaction, but at the end of the day you owe one sum of money that is based on your total capital gain.
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:29:14
This is super nitpicky and I'm not trying to bust your chops, but technically a 1000x comparison is three orders of magnitude.
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:43:52
The default mode is a marketplace transaction, which means you set your dollar amount you want to buy, or bitcoin amount you want to sell, and when you hit the button, the transaction goes through immediately at whatever the market price happens to be at that instant.  This is referred to in GDAX parlance as a 'taker' order, and a fee is applied to the transaction.
If you place a limit order, however, you enter in both an amount of bitcoin *and* a price you want to buy/sell it at.  When you hit the buy button, instead of going through immediately, your order goes into a queue of sorts, and the order is not filled until the market price reaches your stated target price **and** a seller's order at the same price can be matched to yours.  There are a few details I'm leaving out but that's the gist of it.  Limit orders are fulfilled at a later time as long as certain conditions are met.  You set it and forget it.  This is classified as a 'maker' order, and there is no fee.
It's just like any other bitcoin transaction, where there's a tradeoff between immediate fulfillment at higher rates or delayed fulfillment at lower rates.
EDIT: there is a downside to limit orders: you might miss your attempted transaction.  Whereas marketplace orders will always be fulfilled since you're effectively agreeing to make the trade at the current price, if you set your limit poorly the price might trend in the opposite direction you expect it to and your order will not get filled.  Also, the coins or dollars you're putting up for the order get sequestered from the rest of your wallet, so you can't set two price points with the same coins.  If you want to lay a spread, you need to split the coin you have to work with into smaller orders.
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:19:47
Only the money in your GDAX USD account is FDIC insured.  If your money is currently in your GDAX BTC account and it gets stolen, you're shit out of luck.
@_date: 2017-12-02 21:33:07
I missed the IRS news; last I knew short term would be taxed at 25% and anything held over one year kicks over to the long term rate of 15%.
Not sure if the news is related to this or not?
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:12:03
I used GDAX to liquidate all the BTC/LTC/ETH that was in my coinbase wallet, and initiated the USD withdrawal to my bank.  Once that money is back in my checking account I'll be canceling my membership and using either bitstamp, gemini, or bitflyer for future purchases &amp; trading.  Registered for all three exchanges; will try them out and determine my new favorite.
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:05:20
see also: PIN number
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:21:22
I kicked myself for missing the boat when the $1,000 threshold broke last year or whenever, and kinda shrugged it off and assumed the true window was closed on me.
Fast forward to the last couple weeks, and my mom - a woman in her mid-sixties - asked me what I knew about them.  I chatted with her a bit and then started paying attention to this latest spike.  Coincidentally, one of my coworkers started telling me about the portfolio he's been building over the last few months, and I was bitten by the bug again.
After I did a little research I started noticing conditions that reminded me very much of my last big investment move when I allocated a bunch of my 401k into Apple stock when it was $350 pre-split.
Long story slightly shorter, I got myself registered with Coinbase.  I had been hanging onto some cash that was going to be a downpayment on a car, but was lucky enough to inherit a vehicle from my mother-in-law and no longer had any immediate need for the money.  I figure, while it's just gonna be sitting there for an unspecified amount of time, I might as well try to catch a little bit of this wave.
Put $2,000 into bitcoin, $2,000 into Ethereum, and $800 into Litecoin, all on the day after BTC first cracked 10k.  I'll probably hold this into January-February and look for an opportunity to pull some back out while we see what the futures markets do to things, but that aside, I'm here to HODL.
Also, I'd be remiss not to say that this community has been delightful and incredibly informative thus far.  Pleasure to be here!
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:23:50
No, because there are no gains in that scenario.  Actually, you can claim that loss to offset gains from other transactions.  Capital gains is based on your net gain after all has been accounted for.
@_date: 2017-12-13 01:19:41
Only the money in your GDAX USD account is FDIC insured.  If your money is currently in your GDAX BTC account and it gets stolen, you're shit out of luck.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:55:34
All I'm saying is if GDAX loses your BTC, FDIC will pay you nothing.
It's been awhile since I read the GDAX terms and conditions but I believe they claim they'll make every effort to restore what they lost in the event of a security breach.  But it might involve bankruptcy court.
@_date: 2018-08-07 21:24:56
Yep - this is the way that the Gemini Exchange currently works as well.
@_date: 2019-03-12 23:35:41
Agreed with all the others here that Coinbase is not the place you want to remain for long.
I've had a good experience with Gemini; they will start you off with a $500 or $1,000 daily deposit limit, plus they'll actually credit you the instant you make the deposit, so you can place a buy order immediately upon initiating your bank deposit.  They just place a withdrawal hold on your funds until the original bank transfer clears.  This is great in case you want to act immediately on a price dip, etc.
@_date: 2019-11-03 19:26:58
Okay, fair enough.  
Plenty of larger endeavors may take more than private loans can reliably supply.  I’m not convinced of this, mind you, but for now we’ll take it for granted and argue about its merits elsewhere. 
But, We’re not limited to groups of people or legacy banks because we’re in a new domain. 
The thing I’m actually attacking in this conversation is ‘legacy thinking’.  The idea of banks in the era of an ever-growing digital economy might just be obsolete.  
Back when emails were still being written on command-line terminals,  it was cumbersome and other technologies did the job better... even if those had shortcomings of their own, e.g., faxes.  Nobody at that time could’ve envisioned every company in the world installing Microsoft Outlook in their enterprise networks... let alone the existence of iTunes, YouTube, or fucking Facebook.  
The people who made laws requiring the first automobiles to have flaggers and that prevented them from moving any faster than a horse could walk, etc., are another flavor of the same shortsightedness. These people, for whatever their motivations were, argued about how poorly the new system performed at *doing things the old way*. But when allowed to develop without restriction, the new system inspired new ways of use that were better than before. ‘Suburbs’ didn’t exist - *couldn’t exist* - before cars.  They were literally not a thing.  We also eventually got public transportation, and Teslas, and NASCAR.  Things nobody was thinking of back when they were waving flags for the approaching horseless carriage.
So, applying that lens to the financial domain in an increasingly digital world, with bitcoin today it’s like we’re writing emails in terminal windows, and banks are waving flags trying to scare the pedestrians away... and we’re not imagining the YouTubes and NASCARs and who-knows-what-elses await as this new space continues to develop.
Consider the following:
Bitcoin is, among other things, a perfectly honest, perfectly accurate, software-based accountant.  Available to everyone.  For free. 
We literally don’t need accountants anymore; software has made their essential function irrelevant.  What’s to stop us from inventing an AI-based ‘lending layer’ that’s tied to a mining pool operating on a globe-sized mesh of idle IoT devices?  
What if we could invent *whatever we wanted* that works better, that is more frictionless, is more equally-accessible, is more efficient, is more secure, and so on and so on... 
Should we not pursue better things just because they don’t look like the old systems? The old systems that, to be honest, *kinda actually suck*?
Screw that. My money’s on the new thinking.
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:09:41
By holding *full* reserves, for fuck’s sake.
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:33:18
Insured against what?  Physical theft? Bank failure? Devaluation?
All of those things are either not applicable to bitcoin, are uniquely under your control, or to which bitcoin is uniquely resilient.
‘Insured’ just means ‘known to be in need of insurance’, which by definition must be more vulnerable than bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:34:06
No, but generating your own loans in bitcoin to people you personally trust sure does.
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:51:42
‘Loose’ is quite the understatement. 
What’s the purpose of a taxi? Paying someone else for the service of driving.
What’s the purpose of a hotel? Paying someone else for the use of sleeping space.
...what’s the purpose of a submarine? Well, ‘swimming’ is not remotely an activity that makes any sense to compare to it other than they both involve water.  Two of the analogies above were clearly related to the effect of apps on business and commerce...
But ALL of those other analogies were about *software* democratizing the provision of services that were formerly constrained to large corporate entities.
Taxi services have lots of cars and can service lots of customers poorly; Uber allows individuals with one car to directly service customers the way that both parties find preferable to taxis.
Hotels have lots of rooms and can service lots of customers adequately.  Airbnb allows individuals with one or a few properties to directly service customers in a way that both parties find preferable to hotels.
Bitcoin allows individuals to act as banks amongst themselves and the people they want to transact with in a way that both parties find preferable to banks.
@_date: 2019-11-03 19:33:46
Ah, I get your meaning now.  Sorry to go on such a long tangent!
I will say, though, that there’s nothing preventing all those other bank functions from being subsumed into higher layers of the bitcoin network the same way we have things like HTML5 and all the functionality it enables riding several layers on top of TCP/IP on the internet today.  I might have only described a couple of ways that a person  using bitcoin can act like a bank today, but there’s no reason to think that those capabilities won’t evolve into things we haven’t even considered yet.
@_date: 2019-11-03 19:43:04
It’s not ready for mainstream adoption yet.  But it’s being developed and more money is flowing into the industry all the time.  We’re still in the beginning, and ‘never’ allows us a lot of runway to prove you wrong.
Ease of use will come with time. But the fundamental structure of bitcoin that makes it valuable already works and is superior to the legacy system.  
It’s just a matter of when it becomes easy enough - or *necessary enough* - to hop on. Ask anyone in Venezuela.
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:28:15
You’re missing the plot entirely. ANYONE CAN BE A BANK.  That means anyone with enough means to service your loan *can* service your loan themselves.  That means people you *actually* know and trust make great candidates for these kinds of transactions. 
Hell, if the nature of your relationship isn’t good enough, you could come up with whatever terms of collateral you feel like. You could promise the deed to your car or house or anything you value on a 2nd layer smart contract, or bring in a 3rd-party co-signer.  
The point is, you can do as much or as little of this as you like, because you are your own bank, and so are they.
@_date: 2019-11-05 02:00:46
The short answer is "Yes. No."  The thing is... to figure out why you should trust me when I say so will require just as much education about bitcoin as you'd need to be able to answer that question on your own.
Ergo, most of the people who trust the bitcoin network to do what it promises don't do so until they understand it at a certain level.  That level of understanding includes not only *why* those promises are likely to be kept, but *what* promises it makes in the first place.  It also includes understanding what promises have been and are currently being broken in our existing financial system.
If I tell you that I believe in bitcoin, you're free to believe me and go all in... but I guarantee you everyone around you will look at you like you're a crazy person.   And you won't be able to argue to them that you aren't, unless you have that baseline understanding.
So if I instead refrain from recommending bitcoin to you and suggest that you start reading and not to invest until you believe in it yourself, that makes you someone who can *educate* the people around you as to why you're not crazy.  You might even convince some of them *they're* crazy for holding their money in banks.
The point is, it's better for you, and better for me if you're empowered to teach people about bitcoin.  By the time you understand it well enough to teach others, you'll already have started converting your wealth into it.
Unfortunately, I don't understand bitcoin well enough to teach you about it in any less than two hours, and neither of us want to sit around for that right now.  
I find that it helps people to trust in bitcoin's monetary value by first understanding it at least superficially on a technical level.  The very first thing you should read is [the bitcoin whitepaper](  It can be read by a layperson and even where you might not understand some terminology or specifics, the document tells most of its story in plain english.
There's tons more of course - the lopp.net link above is top-notch.
@_date: 2019-08-27 16:39:39
I just got mine last week; user manual states that the battery has a five-year service life.
@_date: 2019-08-14 00:12:14
@_date: 2019-08-22 16:05:20
Get the [Moon browser extension]( and then you don't have to wait for Amazon to get around to it!
@_date: 2019-08-27 22:25:14
Started running a node off a spare laptop a couple months ago, but took it down when I realized that my router configuration didn't actually open port 8333.  Need to research how to fix that, then I'll actually implement a permanent setup.
@_date: 2019-08-19 19:01:10
We've finally gotten to the point that good enough utilities and apps are available that I've transitioned from HODL to "spend-and-replace".  I regularly buy BTC off an exchange whenever I have a chunk of cash saved.
Then if I want to buy something off Amazon, I'll pay using the [Moon browser extension](  Circulating BTC is just as important as hanging onto it, so I do what I can to promote its use and acceptance... I've even started a dialogue with the owner of a small online retailer I use, for the purpose of helping them get set up to accept crypto payments.  
Keep stacking sats in the meantime!
@_date: 2019-08-27 17:17:41
A couple days ago somebody made a brag post about placing a 6.15BTC buy.  Everyone here proceeded to pick on them for how tacky and douchey a thing that was.
@_date: 2019-08-12 20:04:29
Total guess, but a portal like this might make it *really* easy to set up arbitrage trades between multiple exchanges.
@_date: 2019-10-24 22:37:08
FWIW, I started buying bitcoin during the beginnings of the 2017 bull run, purely as a speculative instrument.  I definitely didn't use it as money.
Today, reaping the benefit of two years' of educating myself on bitcoin combined with two years' of infrastructural development, I *am* starting to buy things with bitcoin.  I can't do it at the gas station yet, but I can absolutely do it on Amazon through a browser extension.  I'm part of the adoption wave sooner than I expected myself to be... it's just that it actually got easy enough that it's now a preferable means of transaction for me, in certain use cases.
@_date: 2019-08-09 16:54:41
The other way to look at this is that if the 1919 valuation was $1, today's would be $0.06
@_date: 2019-08-22 15:58:52
Not the user above, but I've taken my first steps through the doorway to bitcoinland in the U.S. by using the [Moon browser extension]( for Amazon.
@_date: 2019-08-30 17:00:48
!lntip 1000
@_date: 2019-08-08 21:57:45
It's the second half of your sentence that rings true to me.  Adoption won't come from mass understanding but instead from mass obfuscation.
It probably bother you to use email or websites without a robust understanding of transmission protocols.  We're operating on, like, the 4th or 5th layer of the internet.  So will it be for cryptofinance: bitcoin makes up the base layer upon which all the other services and utilities will be built; each layer 'up' will be one more order of magnitude of simplification for the end user.  Once we have an 'Outlook express' for crypto, it'll be harder to opt out of the crypto domain than it will be to just participate in the system.
@_date: 2019-08-13 22:22:16
[ActiveTrader Fee Schedule can be found here]( and can be between .25% and .35% depending on whether any part of the order is filled immediately vs. being left on the order book.
I have an ActiveTrader account but I'm still accessing the system through a web interface.  That aside, I can confirm that I make deposits via bank transfer and can place trades immediately.  A withdrawal hold in the amount of the initial deposit is maintained on my account until the transfer clears.
@_date: 2019-10-16 17:37:52
I don’t keep up with the latest developments in mining, but long term I imagine there will be much more of an IoT/“cloud computing” system of shared effort among peoples’ dormant electronics. Kinda like the folding program that Playstation3 users were able to cooperate with and let scientists use their processor power to run simulations while games weren’t being played. 
When people realize that securing the bitcoin network is a better use for the energy they would’ve otherwise consumed more wastefully, we are going to start seeing entire industries develop around “plugging energy leaks”.  A go-to example is heating your home in a cold environment. You could put a furnace in your home and literally burn your fuel for warmth, or you could power a mining rig in your basement and pipe the waste heat into your living space. One of those is a better use of your energy.
In a system like this, you’d not be earning coins directly but being paid a fee based on how much computation capability you’ve enabled for mining use.
@_date: 2019-10-13 15:51:27
This is EXACTLY what the sentiment of “be your own bank” is!  Literally!
I hold bitcoin in sequestered wallets for my close friends who are interested in bitcoin but aren’t comfortable with all the steps required to set themselves up for it.  I create a new address on one of my hardware wallets and store their ‘savings’ for them.
I also am saving separate amounts for people  I care about, unbeknownst to them.  My wife, my mom, etc.
But the thing is, this notion is all kind of a nonsequitur.
Bitcoin is a bearer asset. Despite all the shit I said above, at the end of the day I own an amount of bitcoin.  Nobody else in my story does.  Regardless of how it’s allocated, or whatever intention or purpose I may claim about any portion of it, it doesn’t affect the people around me in the slightest unless and until *they* bear it.
Assuming you are employing best practices with the bitcoin you do own, and that you’re just holding coin in cold storage and not keeping it on exchanges or otherwise actively managing it:
As far as your liability concern goes, you don’t need to worry about things like LLCs or contracts - that’s legacy system thinking.
If these people are your friends and family, you all have the most authentic KYC process there is: you *actually* know each other.  The point of legal contracts and such are for people who don’t know each other and aren’t prepared to trust each other implicitly.  
Remember: You’re your own bank now, for whatever amount of bitcoin you control.  *You* are the one who authorizes every transaction.  Do you think your friends will need to worry about putting some of their money into an account when they’re *friends with the bank owner?*
@_date: 2019-08-14 18:18:02
[btcpayserver]( is highly regarded in the community
@_date: 2019-10-29 23:38:30
I only need one example to disprove you, right?  Gasoline.
@_date: 2019-10-25 16:29:25
No, every two weeks the system runs a ‘difficulty adjustment.’  The system checks the average time it took to solve a block since the last adjustment, and if the power of the network increased enough that blocks started being solved every 8 minutes instead of every ten, then the difficulty will adjust upwards such that it will take approximately 20% more guesses to solve. This process is technology-independent, meaning that even if we switch to a whole new paradigm of computing that’s immediately 10X faster, then as more miners adopt and bring the new class of equipment online, the hashrate will rise accordingly and the difficulty of the problem will increase to match. 
It’s completely substrate-independent. We could ditch transistors entirely and go to optical switching and the difficulty adjustment algorithm will just keep making the math problem harder. There’s no ceiling on increasing the difficulty.  If we increased hash power by 100X, we won’t be solving ten blocks a minute... we’ll get 100X harder problems to solve.
@_date: 2019-08-13 20:26:13
Quick correction: Gemini does *not* require your bank transfer to be fully settled before placing a trade.  You are immediately credited with the amount of your deposit, but you cannot withdraw an equal amount in any form until the original deposit clears.
@_date: 2019-10-16 14:38:45
The last bitcoin will be mined in *2140*. There’ll be another century or so of mining before it switches over to fee-only.
@_date: 2019-08-27 20:29:04
Oh, very interesting!  The X is my first hardware wallet, and I had no idea the S didn't have a power source.
I'd love to give additional feedback on my X's battery life once I've had mine for long enough to really assess, but honestly there are probably plenty others out there who've had them long enough to give valuable answers.
To your second point, I definitely bought "more device" than I needed.  I'm experimenting/learning and generally just paying energy into the space as a whole.  I'm playing with a few hot wallets as well, and just sorta feeling my way through the pros and cons of each methodology.  Thus far I seem to have settled on a scheme not too different from yours.
@_date: 2019-10-16 07:26:01
It’s a near-‘Cobo Vault’ security model and form factor for not much more money than a Ledger Nano X.  This thing looks like a pretty nice option!
@_date: 2018-06-27 21:53:52
In a nutshell, it's a piece of philosophical advice that means *appreciate and use bitcoin for its utility; don't try to use it as a get-rich-quick scheme.*
That is to say: don't just get some coins and sit on them hoping they'll tun into a fortune.  Help turn them into something worth a fortune by using them when you can, educating friends and family, and so on.
@_date: 2019-10-17 04:56:37
My statement above was incomplete - everything you said, I pretty much agree with, but I was trying a little bit to chicken-and-egg the basis for value by explaining *why* people preferentially select bitcoin over alts.  They didn't decide arbitrarily.  Obviously a huge part of it is bitcoin's first-mover advantage; there simply wasn't a 'better' coin to choose from when bitcoin showed up.  And it was big enough, and designed better enough (which is where my chicken-and-egg argument comes in) that it was still the best solution even when other coins claim to be technically superior.  I actually dispute *that* part of it; I believe bitcoin *is* the one that checks the most boxes out of supply limitation/mining difficulty/security, not to mention the other qualities of hard money it possesses.
Ultimately I think we're on the same side of this, but there are SO many factors that play into how we think of it that any single aspect of the value discussion will necessarily leave relevant information off the table.
@_date: 2019-10-26 17:33:04
Ah, thanks very much for the speedy response - cheers!
@_date: 2019-08-27 17:07:50
Oh, I'm an idiot.
Well, I've had it for about a week.  I only had it plugged in while unboxing/configuring, and I got it charged up to about 90%.  I have used it for three transactions thus far.  Battery is currently sitting at 68%.  So depending on how much you play with it and how often you're transacting out of that wallet, you should easily be able to go a month or two between charges.
@_date: 2019-10-13 21:27:29
We understand each other.  I sign off on everything you said here.
@_date: 2019-08-27 17:31:34
I'm not the commenter above but I wanted to chime in and say thanks for your work!
@_date: 2019-10-26 17:13:29
What is your area of expertise? Curious about what kind of labor you do at that rate....
@_date: 2019-10-29 23:14:04
Fewer than 2% of the world population owns bitcoin.  Mass adoption is still the biggest wave and it is not here yet.  Look at how well bitcoin does in smaller crashing economies around the world, and you'll get a picture of how much more fleeing activity there will be when the larger economies start crashing.
@_date: 2019-10-13 15:21:39
It needs to *also* prove itself to be a reliable store of value to a wide enough slice of the population, as an intermediate step in the process of gaining mainstream trust.
Holding bitcoin *does* help the network, by proving to the public there are people willing to park their worth in that asset and let it stay there over time, without any concern for a loss of value.  
People need to see that before they trust that they can use it as money for day-to-day, equivalent-to-cash types of transactions.
@_date: 2019-10-08 19:40:33
The thing is, now that I've read so much about what the Fed and the central banks are doing, this counterfeiting is a drop in the bucket and doesn't swing the value of the dollar nearly as much as what those official fuckers do.
@_date: 2019-10-16 18:06:56
The *utility* of bitcoin comes from the number of people who want it.  The *value* of bitcoin comes from its inherent properties of being limited in supply, costly to generate, and exceedingly difficult to counterfeit.
@_date: 2019-10-16 15:07:59
No, the current *supply* is 5/6 of what there will ever be.  The value is derived from (1) how easy it is to spend the existing supply and (2) how difficult it is to add to the existing supply. (1) is getting easier as more people begin to use bitcoin, while (2) is getting harder as the halving calculation continues to cut the reward amount over time.
@_date: 2019-10-26 02:47:45
Quick check-in with you, one hour later. We're testing 10k already.  This is very fast, and very sharp.  It could produce a very interesting spike overnight.  If big enough, it will make a LOT of news tomorrow, which could very well kick off some big action.  
DO NOT GET TOO FUCKING EXCITED IF THIS HAPPENS.
It could correct back down to where you bought, back at  ~$9,400, by morning.  It could retrace back to $8,400 tomorrow, which is still *up $1,000 over yesterday.*
DO NOT GET TOO FUCKING SCARED IF THIS HAPPENS.
Now that you're in the 21 Million Club, this is not a game of days or weeks for you.  You should enjoy these swings as irrelevant to your mood but interesting to observe for the sheer raw data you will capture about news cycles, market cycles, and public sentiment while *they* panic or celebrate or declare bitcoin dead again or declare the moon...
Now that you've got so much skin in the game, it's a great time to learn more about bitcoin.  Before trying to learn how to time the market, for example, educate yourself on whatever parts of bitcoin you understand the least.  It is truly the first asset class of its kind, and it's complicated as fuck.  But I'm recommending you do this, because the more you learn about it, and the deeper your understanding of it becomes, the less viscerally you will feel any emotional tugs from news or from friends, positive or negative.  You will inoculate yourself against the panic sell.  You'll feel safer than ever that your money is in bitcoin.  'Concerned' is a feeling for the day traders.
Case in point.  By the time I finished composing this, we've drifted back to the $9,700s.  You're still up from your buy.  I'm down from my comment.  I'm having a blast watching this right now, and I'll find it interesting where we land tomorrow.  Just like the day before, just like the day after.
@_date: 2019-10-04 20:41:31
Two weeks later, [here we are](
@_date: 2019-10-16 14:52:24
There are two processes that manage the supply rate of bitcoin.  
The first is the Difficulty Adjustment, which looks at the hashing power of the network and adjusts the complexity of the ‘puzzle’ to make sure it still takes an average of ten minutes to solve a block.  This is a fast-acting, fine-tuning kind of adjustment that takes place every 2,016 blocks, which is roughly every two weeks.
The second is the Halving, which happens every 210,000 blocks (about once every four years).  This does nothing to the ‘puzzle’ difficulty but makes every block reward half as valuable as they used to be.... effectively doubling the effort required to get the same payout.  This is the slow, predictable, large-scale adjustment that was designed to mimic the real world difficulty of physically mining a scarce resource.  We’ve had two halvings since bitcoin went live; the first one cut the block reward from 50BTC to 25, and the second halving cut it to 12.5 where we currently are. We’re on track for the next halving to drop the reward down to 6.25 around this coming April.
To explicitly answer your question, though: if a new ASIC comes out that is twice as fast as the current state of the art, then as more and more miners buy this new rig and bring it online, the hash rate of the network will rise and blocks will start being solved, say, every seven or eight minutes instead of every 10 minutes.  After the next 2,016th block is mined, the difficulty adjustment will make the program take 25% more guesses to solve, bringing the rate back in line.  This happens automatically to the network itself regardless of how many miners there are or what speed of hardware they’re running, so we don’t *need* to predict exactly how fast technology will improve - the difficulty adjustment reacts way more quickly than a faster mining rig takes to come into widespread use.
@_date: 2019-06-21 06:32:21


Heh, too true.
@_date: 2019-06-14 17:35:50
I think you need to add a little detail explaining how bitcoin is the unification of what always used to be two separate entities: the payment system, *and* the money itself.
@_date: 2019-06-21 06:19:26
No, they're eager to buy more at that price.  I would be, too.
@_date: 2019-06-13 07:57:01
The answer is, “you’re right, *for now*.”  We’re with blockchain technology where email was in 1995:  clunky, exposed, NOT AT ALL user friendly, etc.
We’re at the “sending monetary emails by typing them into a command prompt” phase right now, where they’re still building out the first- and second-layer technologies to make the system fast and scaleable.  We’ll be at the “Outlook Express” phase once rural gas stations have lightning payment terminals and Apple &amp; Samsung phones have onboard lightning wallets.
The tech will get there, and the mass adoption will follow by the time it’s easier to opt in than opt out. Look at developing nations who leapfrogged building out landlines and went straight to cellular.  They didn’t waste any money on an intermediate technological step.  Modern banking, as we know it, *is an intermediate technological step*, just one that’s lasted for a long time.  These same developing nations are going the direction of crypto at the same time other countries’ citizens are fleeing to it as their own currencies collapse.  Soon, when all you have is your phone - and all you’ll *need* is your phone - you can control your wealth no matter who you are.
@_date: 2019-06-23 06:44:30
Confirming $3.35/gal today for 87 in Anaheim.
@_date: 2019-10-16 15:30:27
Good addition to the above.
@_date: 2019-10-13 14:56:06
You’re missing the point these commenters, and the article itself, are making. 
You’re thinking about the practicality of bitcoin in general - and the fact that it itself is software-based - when you say that “it’s already the killer app”.
Their point is, bitcoin today is analogous to where email was in 1995: typing command lines into a terminal window.  But there needs to be a ‘Microsoft Outlook’ level of sophistication and abstraction away from that in the end user experience, before it will actually be poised for MASS adoption.  
We’re talking about bitcoin being the base layer, equivalent to tcp/ip upon which all other internet protocols stack.
Bitcoin’s killer app would probably be a 3rd-layer front-end UI as easy to navigate as iTunes, that functionally operates and manages a set of bitcoin and lighting hotwallets while obscuring the actual raw sending and receiving addresses and channels and routing information.  It has to be so easy to use, your grandma can do it on her iPhone 6.  In fact, it has to be *so* good an app that it gets prominently featured on app stores or even better, preinstalled on new phones, to be as ubiquitous as web browsers are today.
It might not even be just one app, but it will certainly take a little more time and a lot
More groundwork to be laid before we’re there.
@_date: 2019-12-19 17:06:59
Yeah, the entire point of developing systems like these is to turn bitcoin mining into a 'radioactive dye' that seeks out economical and renewable sources of energy.  The incentivization they're going for is an environmental one.
@_date: 2019-04-24 14:52:09
Right here. This is a neat scenario and, I think, VERY likely what we will gravitate toward.
@_date: 2018-03-09 19:33:39
This is fascinating.  Thank you so much for sharing!
@_date: 2018-03-20 15:22:28
And now I'm hungry for KFC.
@_date: 2019-09-13 15:59:29
Yeah, I was actually asking for your honest presentation of your position.  I went ahead and read four of five of the links that came up from your duckduckgo search.  To be honest I saw a lot of bluster but didn't see many arguments that didn't at least rely on extreme equivocation or willful ignorance.  I read a lot of rhetorical questions with no offered counterpoints.  I read a lot of strawman arguments.  A LOT.
I don't think you're a 'shill' for the other side; I believe that you honestly think UBI is a bad idea... but I also believe you've been convinced by weak anti-UBI arguments.
*I* might be convinced by weak pro-UBI arguments.  I don't have a sense of that unless I compare my reasons with yours.  I am still curious which anti-UBI arguments resonate the most with you.
@_date: 2019-09-13 23:46:16
(Had a very busy afternoon at work and never got to follow up here - thanks for this last response - I'll try to say a little more when I can)
@_date: 2019-09-12 20:51:58
This article has been weighing heavily on my mind lately, and the more I look at the pieces on the global chessboard, the more I think bitcoin will necessarily be the thing to combat it in the long term.  It's the one that got me off of thinking in terms of 'dollars.'  In my mind, I've already exited the legacy system and am playing the game of 'fighting from within' while my paycheck still comes to me in fiat.
In short, this article describes what's going on with the central banks (the banks that service banks) and really exposes the fragility and the falsity of the current financial system.
@_date: 2019-09-18 20:55:28
Like said, Gemini allows you to place a buy with pre-credited dollars the instant you initiate a transfer into your account.  They simply restrict withdrawing an equal amount of money from any of your currencies until the initial bank deposit clears.  
It's for this reason that Gemini is my preferred exchange: I have a high time preference at the time of buying (for example, taking advantage of a sudden dip) and a low time preference at the time of withdrawing.
@_date: 2019-09-13 16:46:33


So, keeping terms similarly vague, I'd revise it to:  "We will take money from the people who *are keeping too much of it out of the economy* then give money to everyone"


This doesn't logically follow for me.  UBI isn't funded by printing additional money.  We can represent the concept of UBI in the United states by splitting the population (and their wealth) into two piles.  One large pile that  represents the people for whom the UBI policy will be net-negative, and one small pile that represents the portion of the population for whom it will be net-positive.  Take some of the money from the large pile and move it into the small pile.  Where has the worth of the individual dollars been manipulated?


This one ABSOLUTELY does not track for me.  I don't see where the utility of money is being negatively affected.To my eye, UBI *increases* the utility of money by allowing it to touch the entirety of the economic chain instead of injecting it partway up the stack.
Technologically, I'm a proponent of UBI precisely *because* I'm convinced automation is coming for us all.  When technology improves enough to perform a class of work better than people can, or more safely, or more efficiently (read:cheaply) than people can,  that class of work is no longer performed by people.  This has been the case throughout the whole of human history and has, for that entire time, always been recognized to be A Good Thing.
So for all of human history our advancements have been serving to reduce the amount (by quantity or by difficulty or by hazard) of work we do, and we've been pretty chill with it because there was always other work left to do.  But we're at a very interesting cultural inflection point right now, where for the first time we might be chipping away at the *last* work humans ever have to do, and we're not used to thinking like that.  We have to revisit what our relationship to 'work' is, and also what relationship 'work' and 'worth' have to each other.
Please correct me on anything I may have misunderstood about your positions; there are now a couple clear points that we disagree on- I'm looking forward to hearing more of your side in response to the above.
@_date: 2019-09-10 20:14:30
I anticipate this will be revealed to be a massive brainfart... but 'channels' in this context could mean "having multiple distinct configured lightning wallet apps" as well as "opening multiple lightning wallets within one app", right?
@_date: 2018-07-18 09:43:30
Alright, you motivated me.  Comment submitted!
@_date: 2019-09-10 20:30:10
I think this is where I hit the end of the runway of my understanding on  this.  It seems to me that most of the lightweight wallet apps use 'their' node as the first connection point for all clients who use that particular wallet.  By this understanding, if I have Breez running and pointing to Breez's node, and I have two BlueWallet lightning wallets (one pointing to BlueWallet's node as well as another wallet pointing to a second node that I'm running at my house)... do I not have three three distinct funding channels with such a configuration?
@_date: 2019-09-12 21:24:38
Also this one about the Stock-to-Flow model for valuating bitcoin:
@_date: 2019-09-10 20:59:22
Great, thanks for walking through that with me.  Cheers!
@_date: 2018-07-19 20:23:34
The conditions that would need to be met for Bitcoin to reach $1,000,000 will necessarily mean that there's no need to convert it to fiat before using it.  It'll be accepted as legal tender everywhere in its native form.
@_date: 2019-09-11 19:31:09
oops, bad syntax.  Trying again.
@_date: 2019-09-13 18:53:19


Help me out here then.  You're saying it's a nonsense statement... *how* is it nonsense?  Your understanding of how money works seems to differ from mine but you haven't offered *how* your understanding is different, so I have to wait to respond until I know what you disagree with.  Until then, you haven't convinced me that my above definition of UBI is inaccurate.  


I agree that spreading wealth to those have less money can be a positive thing, as long as I can go further and qualify it with "only if the current distribution of wealth is unhealthy for society."  In other words, it is not always/universally good to take from those who have more and give to those who have less - that would be pure communism, and I am not advocating for it.  
So, let's put those reservations aside.  Assuming that there *is* an unhealthy wealth imbalance and that spreading wealth to those who have less money *is* a positive thing right now, you said "keeping money out of the economy" is what *performs* this transfer.  That's a positive claim you're making that I don't think I agree with - can you offer a little more detail on how keeping money out of the economy spreads wealth to those who have less money?  
**Oh snap, I think I see where we're confused - did you read "keeping money out of the economy" as meaning the same thing as 'decreasing the money supply'?**
UBI does not change the supply of money!  The total number of dollars in the pool remains the same.  The allocation of a portion of that money is brought back out of extreme imbalance.


Okay, you have to do some of the work this time, because this paragraph is nonsensical to me as written.  There is no wealth to take from the rich elites?
Are you saying they have lots of money but no wealth?  What, then, *is* wealth and why am I having such a hard time believing that the rich have none of it?
You say "money is not wealth" as if to imply that money and wealth are not *correlated*.  If your argument relies on a functional distinction between wealth and money that goes beyond "money is the mechanism by which we quantify wealth," then I need you to define 'money' and 'wealth' very precisely and restate your case.  Because from my point of view you just went straight bizarro-world "the poor have everything and the rich have nothing".  I'm clearly missing something here, so PLEASE offer something by way of explanation.


This one's easy to resolve - my choice of words could've been better and you misunderstood my position.  Thanks for the insult, regardless.
I could've opened with better wording, since "automation is coming for us all" is usually said in a 'doom-and-gloom' context.
But you seem to have stopped reading there, because the rest of that paragraph explains (and even ends by stating explicitly) that I think THIS IS A GOOD THING.  Quite precisely the opposite of a technophobe Luddite.  I *want* automation.  But even if I didn't, we need a solution for society because automation is coming either way.  My position is held pragmatically, even if I do agree with it morally.
 
 


You wrote this thinking that I feared automation - no harm no foul.  Conversely, I suspect I hold this position more strongly than you do.  Automation is the *last* cotton gin.  And I'm excited for it, not scared by it.


This is written vaguely enough that I'm not sure whose wealth is being moved and who is being benefited, can you clarify what you meant?  Especially "taxes are always borne by the poor"
Since taxes are borne by all taxpayers rich and poor, I don't know what you're trying to communicate here.  Are you saying that the tax *burden* is highest on the poor?  If so I agree with that.  Our tax system is functionally regressive; that's one of the flaws in the economic system that allowed for the unhealthy imbalance to develop.  As for your next sentence, parsing it as best I can: I am not saying that we give assistance to the poor by taking something away from them.  I'm saying we give assistance to the poor by... giving something to them.  Your "don't pretend..." sentence wasn't an argument for your position, so I still don't know *why* you think increasing their income will be bad for them or for the economy.
So far every time I've asked you to explain that, you've just said more loudly and more impatiently that I'm either dumb or don't know how money works.  None of that educates me on what your theory of money *is*, let alone whether that position is defensible.  I've done the best I can to tell you what my position *is* and I'd really like to discuss the merits of these ideas in good faith.  So, have I proven to you that maybe I'm trying to have this conversation in earnest and you can dispense with the dismissive and insulting comments, and just try to offer an honest defense of your position?


Again, you're claiming a distinction between money and wealth then not explaining how to interpret that distinction.  If you can help me understand what you mean by 'money' and by 'wealth', maybe that will help me understand why you think redistribution and taxation "destroy" something.  I don't think you're right here, but we can't determine who's right unless you can explain your argument better.


This is at best a willful misunderstanding if not an outright lie.  Company scrip, are you kidding me?  UBI is based on the same dollars we all use in the economy.  It's not a credit, or a token, or anything other than a PAYMENT.  Are you saying that implementing UBI will turn the U.S. dollar into a 'company scrip'?  WHAT THE FUCK IS A NATIONAL CURRENCY BUT A 'COMPANY' SCRIP WHERE YOUR COUNTRY IS YOUR COMPANY.  YOU'RE JUST USING SCARE TACTICS INSTEAD OF MAKING AN ARGUMENT.
You should stop making this last claim because it makes you look *just like* one of those disingenuous shills.
@_date: 2019-09-12 20:24:21
The FDIC insurance only applies to the US dollar wallet, not any of the coin wallets.  Furthermore, this user is in the UK and FDIC doesn't apply to them.
@_date: 2019-09-10 20:59:39
@_date: 2019-09-11 19:30:52
!lntip 1000
@_date: 2019-09-19 14:42:59
Yet, it’s the first time one has been done in a decade, and they had to fucking fumble their way through it like three or four times because all the banks that were fucked up had a need that exceeded the amount of money they planned to add. They had to keep going back to dig a little deeper and print a little more.  This is really not “business as usual.”
@_date: 2019-09-13 15:28:57
Every one of your assertions falls flat on its face, mainly because you're just asserting them.  




What's the argument for your position on this?
@_date: 2019-09-10 20:52:21
BlueWallet allows you to specify your own LND node.  Given this, is what I said above accurate?
@_date: 2019-05-14 20:18:31
This comment reads like they're assuming you're in the middle of being extorted/blackmailed.
As in, "Send us $500 worth of bitcoin within the next four hours or else we're going to publish a webcam video of you jerking off with a bottle of barbecue sauce."
The commenter is suggesting that your hypothetical scammer does not actually have compromising footage of you, so don't worry about sending them the money.
@_date: 2019-05-10 21:57:47
None at all; the interface isn't as pretty as coinbase Pro, but if you're familiar at all with limit buys, etc, the purchase page is easy enough to make your way through.  They also use Authy for 2-factor, which I highly recommend getting into if you don't already use it elsewhere.  They (Authy) have a great iPhone/Apple watch app if you happen to be in that ecosystem, and Gemini also has a really nice app of its own.  All in all, I'm very positive on it, even though I'll still monitor trade activity over at Coinbase and/or blockmodo.com
@_date: 2019-05-10 21:42:15
I went from GDAX/Coinbase Pro over to Gemini, specifically because they address this problem brilliantly:
As soon as you initiate your deposit from your bank, you get pre-credited with the money in order to make a buy immediately.  They just make you wait on the back end to withdraw anything from the account until the original deposit clears.
@_date: 2018-12-20 19:57:09
Since you already have a coinbase account, log in to  and deposit funds into your account with an ACH bank transfer (no cost, but takes a little time to clear).  Once you have the money available, you will place a "limit order" (read up on the particulars of this transaction type before you try it), which exempts you from having to pay a market fee like you would with a regular buy order.  This is the best bang-for-buck method to get your money converted from dollars to BTC, but it takes a little time and a couple hoops to jump through.  Since you're talking about $8-10k of purchases, this is probably the way you want to go.
@_date: 2019-05-28 17:55:09
‘Network effects’ refers specifically to the phenomenon that the more people use it, the faster rate of adoption accelerates.
@_date: 2018-12-20 22:08:09
Keeping the coins on the exchange is referred to as 'custodial storage', which literally means they're holding the keys to 'your' coins for as long as you have them deposited into the exchange... which is a security weak point.  Coinbase could go under or freeze your account for any number of shitty reasons, so I recommend moving all coins you don't immediately intend to sell into a wallet you control.  
Hardware wallets are the safest (these are your trezors and ledgers), but software wallets have gotten better enough with on-device key storage that I'm comfortable using them for the amount of BTC I possess.  I'm currently using Airbitz Edge wallet on my phone, with a hardcopy paper backup of my seed phrase.
@_date: 2018-12-21 01:31:45
Uh, I am, in fact...  what tipped you off?
@_date: 2018-12-21 09:24:58
I’ve never tried it that way when I was using Coinbase pro. I’ve since gone over to Gemini precisely so I could use the instant credit, actually...
@_date: 2019-05-10 22:04:06
That wasn't true when I was using Coinbase Pro; they might've changed their policy to stay competitive against Gemini.
On Gemini it's the typical ACH lag time, so usually 4-5 days.