@_author: riukuzaki
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:57:42
Am I the only one that sees Scrypt as a negative?  Sure, it's great that ASICs (as of yet) are unable to achieve large benefits over normal computers with Scrypt, but there's another, more nefarious, consequence of this.
In the event that a virus that mines Litecoin becomes widespread, it would probably be easier to reach 51% of the network simply because an infected computer would contribute more to hashing Litecoin than it would Bitcoin.  Even if the virus was able to hijack ASICs, most computers do not have ASICs attached to them (but I'd be willing to wager they most likely have a CPU and RAM).
@_date: 2013-11-12 18:23:04
Until you realize that the genius they sued used their idea in the first place.
@_date: 2013-11-13 21:07:32
Now *this* sounds like a Ponzi scheme.  Only difference being that you're unlikely to promote it, which means they did a bad job.
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:32:01
I'd have to agree with you.  Bitcoin can be difficult to convert back to a local currency.  That being said, I guess I should mention that my friend has been trying to get into Bitcoin for a while now.  He just needs to finish verifying his account through Coinbase.  The $22.50 I sent him is now close to $30, and I don't think he'll want to withdraw it any time soon (he's looking at it as a long term investment that will either go to the moon or go to $0).
@_date: 2013-11-22 15:24:52
In regards to transferring money, another benefit is its speed and ease of sending / receiving.  I had a friend of mine agree to split the fee on an online purchase, and we had to think of how that would be possible.  Bitcoin ended up coming to the rescue since we didn't have PayPal (PayPal hates me) and we don't have accounts at the same bank.
I was able to send him $22.50 within seconds, and quite frankly, it was easier (and cheaper in terms of fees) than traditional methods.  To me, this is reason enough to use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-29 02:23:52
I'm not sure if your intention is to "bet one time and then get out and never do it again" or if your intention would be to keep repeating until broke.  In case of the latter (former as well in the event you get unlucky and lose everything), please continue reading.
As mentioned previously, "A fool and his money are soon parted."  Even if you change the bets so that your short-term profit is larger after each attempt, you will still fall victim to the Martingale betting system.
Here's a really easy way to look at it:  Think of each bet as being by itself (no previous bets).  What is the expected return?  It's going to be less than 1 in all cases due to the house cut.
The only way to win with the Martingale betting system long-term (note I said long-term) is that you will need access to infinite money.  I'm not sure about you, but I personally can't think of anyone besides Ben Bernanke who would have access to that.  If you still don't understand this concept, go ahead and make a very small program that uses your algorithm and calculate how many times it takes you before you end up with 0 BTC (this will always happen in the long-term unless you have a non-positive house cut which would be silly).