@_author: riverxer
@_date: 2016-08-04 20:49:37
Rare books is actually my target at first, because I have a few in my personal collection that maybe no one else has. Then a history of important academic findings when I have enough financial support to put it together. The idea behind the "preview book" when it's done is to get people to submit a short version of their life story. I would like to compile as many peoples stories as possible - promoting continued growth of the library through payments to contributors etc.
@_date: 2016-08-03 23:21:12
Currently working on the example product from the library.
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:19:06
No, that's what you said, I said he didn't implement this solution in the original coin, and you aren't talking about the original coin. Alt coins WERE IN FACT one of his suggested scaling solutions, however. That's what SegWit is. It's an altcoin. He didn't say so but he didn't need to, it's implied by the legal definition of patches in regard to intellectual (programming) property. That said he did say it, he just didn't say outright that SegWit was an altcoin - he said that it was a new version. He then went on to say people could make their own "new versions" as well, that all new versions were "altcoins" and for the sake of simplicity he shortened calling "segwit update" just "bitcoin" like the original. A new version, meaning, a new coin - because that's the legal definition. You can find that on the original release post or one of the 2 or three that came before or after it. It was very close to release time, but I'm not going to look it up for now. For legal reasons I can't discuss beyond what is publicly available (which I have not done.)
@_date: 2018-01-15 18:52:56
wrong again
@_date: 2018-01-21 14:10:22
"no central planner" i had a laugh
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:36:56
whatever you need to make you believe.
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:49:30
i dunno i don't recommend it cause it's such a great asset, but you could totally buy food with it for a while, probably still can.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:38:14
that's why I always autistically memorize everything I read. Sup.
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:14:09
when commodities are exchanged there is always some gain or loss of value. For example if you trade 10 cows for 1 car. You lose the cost of caretaking for the cows, you gain the cost of milk or any potential meat production - but you also lose the transportation aspect of having a car, while selling off the cost of gas and repairs. If 10 cars are equal to one cow, it's a good trade - but value has been exchanged. Losses and profits alike were made. With money, the "extra value" is almost always left with the person who purchased the commodity, as money is inflationary (they are producing more of it) and it's losing value every second. Not only that, but it doesn't offer any actual benefit in and of itself. (Money is not security, it is just a piece of paper, unlike bitcoin. It can be stolen, etc. Bitcoin can be stolen but it is significantly more difficult to do - and most of the time if bitcoin has been stolen it can be recovered because the person can be held accountable for breaking the law, as well as their use of the bitcoin traced.) But because they are trying to get something else with their commodity (the cows or car), the money fills a temporary role of universal exchange, so it's worth taking the risk of holding it to them temporarily, even if they lose a little bit of value in the process. They may even throw in a little bit of extra (10 cows and 1 Ox harness) that goes along with the commodity because they either no longer have a use for it, or because they would like to do future business, or because they could not sell the item independently, etc. With bitcoin, it is both the commodity and the money. It is the security that you continue to do business, but it is also the currency by which business is done. You hold it's potential use when you hold it - which is almost entirely found in logistics - so In situations where cash or commodities are unsafe, bitcoin acts as the savior. Say you run a walmart. Say you run a walmart in Ukraine and Russia is annexing properties across the river. It's only a matter of time until they get to you. The ukranian dollar is being hyper inflated due to it's risky nature, the value of the goods you sell is remaining the same. So you take bitcoin - this way, no matter what happens to your country you retain the amount of value by selling your property as you would have otherwise. If you continued to take money from a failing currency, you would likely lose more value and potentially be run out of business. This way, no matter who wins the war, you continue to do business. You may also be less inclined to participate in war. You reduce your risk. Also by using bitcoin, since the production is limited and becoming more limited each time someone loses some (either through a sale of it, or a lost hard drive, or the fees to the blockchain) this increases the rarity, but nothing diminishes the value of it's use. So for each sale, for each coin lost, the remainder gain some portion of that value. Of course value fluctuates based on peoples belief, so, on some level you could lose a little bit of money in the short term - but in the long term, you will always gain that value back and more - the question is simply how long will you have to wait, and that question is answered directly by how much war or political strife/conflict is going on in the world? How much need is there for logistical solutions? Since it's rare and it's value is mostly found in logistical situations like the one described above, and it is becoming more rare not less rare, it means to people in unfortunate political climates it becomes more valuable - when normally they would just be totally fucked communities, businesses, and people, are offered a way out without losing everything. Eventually, the last bitcoin will be exchanged, and in that exchange, the fee will become too high to be paid by the remaining bitcoin. At which point, another cryptocurrency will have to take it's place. That won't happen in our lifetime, and long before that happens, it's value will have moved up into the echelons of city destroying devices, global conglomerate production properties, and so on - when the final bit of it is exchanged, the people on each end of that exchange will be the richest two people/entities on Earth - and it's likely that their wealth will be redistributed into alternative cryptocurrencies, because people will likely never want to go back to inflationary currency again.
@_date: 2018-01-22 03:06:55
people don't know this but... It may not come as a surprise that Doge is an underdog case. It's going to become more and more valuable over time, not less. WHile the total amount of doges might at first seem preposterous, Unlike other alts, it is exactly like bitcoin in MOST of it's design, except with only the definitive use case improvements (gpu mining, total volume.) But like bitcoin it has fees and consumes its own supply, and like bitcoin, it is more secure than the alternatives, including Ethereum and Litecoin just to name a few. It's also true that people lose it in mass quantities and the volume of it's trading is similarly high to how bitcoins was in the beginning unlike the other alts I can think of. I dunno how it will turn out long term but if I was betting, I'd say Bitcoin &gt; Dogecoin &gt; other alts come after, though litecoin really isn't terrible by comparison it's just not as popular. I can't speak for most alts, but if bitcoin failed for some none-crypto destroying reason, doge would be my second bet. Maybe it's good I'm not a betting man. Maybe I should be. Only time will tell.
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:54:11
There will not be adoption if it involves a fork.
@_date: 2018-01-19 12:45:27
coming to exchanges near you - edit - this is humor
@_date: 2018-01-17 00:28:04
lmao digital money is worth less than paper money because at least paper money exists with a number to be traced, lmfao (digital DOLLARS that is. Cryptocurrencies, much like real commodities, have a limited supply that fluctuates as well as a unique digital signature.) Dollars are so plentiful that they no longer reflect the reality of the value of the goods they buy. When you combine this information with knowledge of subsidized crops you realize that our economy is a cardboard prop and the only thing they are holding behind the dollar is a gun to your fucking face, and what happens when supply and demand gets fucked up and there's no one around to rob, is the citizens start to get fucked by the government, which is why there is so much unrest and so many banking issues in our country in recent years as well as civil asset forfeitures with cases that go unprosecuted, and belongings that never make it back to their owners. A change to a deflationary currency will be beneficial to the world at large.
@_date: 2018-01-08 23:01:54
my mistake? I feel like that would run counter to the idea of a deflationary currency. Not significantly but a little, while it may help the lifespan of the coin in the long run... Most commodities are impermanent, that is what makes them a commodity. Idk.
@_date: 2018-01-13 21:07:31
I think you don't understand some of the finer technical points of bitcoin if you think what I said was dumb.
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:23:07
...block difficulty has increased in size and as far as I understand that was his suggestion, amount of coins released per block was never planned to change much.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:18:53
He's not.
@_date: 2018-01-13 16:16:29
You can call me a bitcoin conservative but fuck segwit, fuck lightning network, and fuck anything except holding and mining bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2018-01-19 22:19:50
Look I know better than you how it was intended to work, and I am not legally allowed to say why. It was built with the possibility of 32mb blocks, not with that as the intent. It was built with many optional circumstances in mind, so that people working with the source code could create an alternative version, (also known as an alt coin) but Satoshi released exactly what he intended before altcoins popped up on Github and elsewhere, and *never changed it* besides the 8mb change which was scheduled in the release document.
@_date: 2018-01-09 02:15:31
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:19:26
R.I.P Hal.
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:14:58
No im saying that's not the solution he implemented for a reason. You're making straw men. I don't need to find a qoute because It's not my responsibility to prove a negative. You're saying he said things he didn't say because you think they are implied based on your misunderstanding. I'm not spreading "FUD," I'm strictly stating the facts for you.
@_date: 2018-01-09 19:39:59
I am not going to reveal what I know, and you are going to have to have faith, or not.
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:00:35
-EDIT- 
While the text below is all valuable information the core of what you're getting at implies banks are a necessity. Cryptocurrency makes people act as their own autonomous bank. It makes banks not necessary. In fact, exchanges and places that people store cryptocurrency other than wallets at their home, should be avoided at all costs. Don't place your money in a cryptocurrency "bank." Those people, much like real banks, have a number in their mind they are just waiting to get to until they steal it from you for the most part. (Not all, but let's go ahead and assume human nature.) The point of the coin is that you are your own bank. Of course banks don't like or accept this notion - it will put them out of business - and it shows how unnecessary they truly are.
That said, you can convert your bitcoin already, it just doesn't involve banks, it's done between users of the coin. Bitcoin was never meant to long term, be your coffee and sandwhich money. It's meant to be something that... Say you are trying to escape your war torn country. Say you can't take your priceless paintings, your gold bars, your cars, just you and your family. So you buy into bitcoin with those valuables. When you get out of the war zone and somewhere safe you trade out of it into cash, or whatever cryptocurrency becomes popular enough to make the use case at the time (Which may fluctuate for a while.) You can store a lot of it safely on you, and it doesn't have to take up a lot of space. It's impossible to get into unless you give that information over -
 and once you get to a stable place if it does manage to get stolen, you can trace that to wherever it was stolen from and you can bet that in their country what they did was a crime, so you might just be able to get your crypto back, or at least be repaid in some form of compensation - even if you lose it. You use that money to rebuild your life. That's one of the big reasons it exists. It's safe. It's security in times of great insecurity. It CAN be used to buy food and other things directly but that's not really what it's for. The way the system works is you take the currency to other people. Banks stay out of it because they have international interests. Bitcoin has logistical interest. What this means is, a bank causes a war to profit from suffering and to gain new property. Bitcoin dampens the possible economic damage of that war by both preserving wealth, and capturing the extra logistical value of it's use case for those that would otherwise lose everything - and that value in the past would go to the bank with the greatest cryptography. Now the greatest cryptographic economic system is decentralized and widely distributed. You don't need a bank for converting Bitcoin. Since it's not necessary you're not going to see it happen because things in nature generally happen as a result of necessity. By the time banks are accepting it the real question is, who is still accepting banks money? Idiots? It's necessary for the banking systems to never accept it, in order to survive as long as possible - but they are on their deathbed once it comes about unless there is a balance of exchange, which would involve their inherent separation. One as a store of value, one for use. But people will see that inflationary currency should not exist as soon as that balance is met. Due to being inflationary in nature, it doesn't make sense as a storage of value. Which means cryptocurrency is an incurable disease to banking systems that in the past, similar but less efficient cryptographic systems have all but annihilated. Since they are not necessary with a system like cryptocurrency in place - they are in the process of dying out as soon as the first coin hit the market. I think they knew that all along. 
Back to the other subject: The U.S Government doesn't own ANY of the Satoshi bitcoin. They have insured it - which means if something happens to it they have to pay out - but that also means that he get's autonomy over it - which means that he can spend it, it's just on the honor system that he has not. Or he should have autonomy. If autonomy has been denied that is a type of blockading that has a specific legal name in which the government would have to pay out a lot more money for once invoked in court. Which translates roughly to: if they spend any of his coin, they have to pay him back in cash or Bitcoin itself. By preventing him from being able to invest or spend the coin, they would also, on top of the insurance, owe him the potential losses from that. Which means that U.S cash/dollars might survive where all other banks and dollars die, but they will be backed by bitcoin, as ironic as that is. (Given that he has a contract with the government... Which... come on we all know he does.) But it won't be their digital money that survives. A person like Satoshi would only take a cash payment. That's why he invented Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-31 16:22:18
you're the only one who got that reference so far
@_date: 2018-01-14 12:57:33
Actually I was in the room with Satoshi when all the things I've said were discussed, so,
I'm going to go ahead and say that I know better.
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:53:51
you're really not understanding what I said. What you just said to me sounds like "Well... You talk like a fag and your shit is all retarded" from Idiocracy.
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:37:18
because it is decentralized, it is a logistical dream. It's built to survive hostile environments. It's the security that makes it valuable, more valuable than anything banks can offer. Banks will be shut down, lose money, lose what backs the money, entire livelihoods lost. The coin will still operate globally, so while military men come to your businesses doors with guns, you've been accepting bitcoin payments which their access can be prevented to and which the value of is retained due to this security - which for all intents and purposes is hidden on the other side of the world when the men come to you. Your business is burned to the ground. You escape with your life barely. Your bitcoin allows you to open a new business and start over. Not everything is lost in the conflict. Money would be gone, or worse, valueless. In world war 2 what protected your supply chain were it's logistics. In the worst situations of the worst you would have an encampment trading guns or bullets for food after enough time if they didn't have a cryptographic communications system in place that protected their supply chain. Supply chains which were neutral became of the utmost value. War is about politics, the merchants and producers are neutral parties that are beneficial to all. They are what the war is fought over. Even the people conducting war would prefer they not be destroyed because they are what they win when it's over. Taxation on these. Bitcoin is the difference between regression to bartering society and being able to use money in times of war, which is the most valuable thing in existence because in case you haven't been paying attention, war, somewhere, has never stopped for one second in all of human history. Bitcoin makes it obsolete beyond a certain point by profiting off of it - weather or not it succeeds, and it costs value to conduct. Value which Bitcoin absorbs and does not give back. One day there will be a global political winner, and they will pay for the privilege to do so in Bitcoin. Because they do not have a choice. 
@_date: 2018-01-27 21:07:05
the difference between this and a gift card system is that if people keep thinking they can make altcoins, a team of hackers is going to just steal all of everybodies money and back to bitcoin/LTC/Doge you will all go because everyone forgot what this was really about, which is the security which backs a cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2018-01-13 18:02:39
I've never linked to my social media or even confirmed a connection between my reddit account and any social media or vise versa. I used to run a blog that I linked to a few times but I no longer run it and it's been down for over 2 years. Also, I do have a contract with the state and federal governments involving both the bitcoin and medical marijuana. I also keep insurance policies on both of those things, but that's all a matter of public record. Including my property being withheld illegally.
(And they are separate contracts.)
 Stalker. You also commented on a bunch of my other posts. I'm going to assume that since my website hasn't been up for over 2 years, and I comment in fairly obscure places most of the time, that you have been stalking me for more time than that, including on social media - which explains the downvote brigading I experience on this site as well as a lot of active sabotage to projects I've run in the past where I tried to gain some traction on reddit. I'd call the cops, because your behavior extends well beyond normal into dangerous but you've been stalking me long enough that they no doubt know exactly who you are and what dangerous behavior you've been partaking in for all this time and have done nothing about it. Much like they don't do much of anything useful, and just like to trespass and steal my shit whenever they are afforded the opportunity. Wouldn't surprise me if you are LE related.
@_date: 2018-01-18 19:07:23
no such thing as a hack or a theft if you did what I just said and confirmed as soon as you made the transaction (negating the possibility of digital theft) so unless coercion by physical force was involved those were not things that have happened. No hack is possible without using 51% of the mining power ever used, which, unless you are the chinese, russian, and most of western european government combined, wouldn't happen and has never, on record, taken place successfully.  That said, if someone came and tortured you they could get you to make a transaction, I'm sure. The risk of a hack was higher in the early days before mining power built up, and I think Dogecoin at some point experienced a few attempts at 51% attacks that were unsuccessful as well. It's hard enough to do that entire government systems making a concerted effort would not be able to do it, not even with some secret technology super computers unless they are significantly more sophisticated than has been let on. (Read: quantum decryption, time travel, conscious general A.I, the stuff of science fiction, not real life.)
All that said if you were to make an offline transaction and the person knew there would be time between when you could be online to confirm it, they could spend it before you were able to arrive to do so by rolling back their device. But they would have to have intent beforehand, and it could pretty easily be proven because there would be evidence on your device, so as long as you weren't breaking the law you'd get something out of it, even if it wasn't your coins back - like if you had insurance you could make a claim and potentially win because most insurance covers being defrauded of items, even if you can't win a case of fraud (like they could say "well i accidentally spent it after a phone reset") or something, but it's ambiguous enough that you get your money and you know not to transact with them again.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:03:19
i meant not planned to change from it's original trajectory
@_date: 2018-01-13 21:36:44
i've read everything one needs to know to point out the flaws that I have. I generally stop reading when I have discerned that something is trash, and as soon as I saw "transaction list the blockchain is blind to" I knew LN was fraudulent trash. I read some more just to see what other caveats of theft they were selling the public, but that is the point when I knew this is not something I would ever use, and not something I would ever acknowledge regarding transactions. Shit like this causes banks to collapse. Bitcoin isn't going down like that. It's resilient to it through it's design. It's a superior product to all this add on shit. 
@_date: 2018-01-09 00:16:10
I don't know why you think I've confused those things?
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:33:10
So, to explain this in a way a laymen will understand, it is significantly better and more legitimate than a pre mined coin. First of all because he announced the technology in advance and gave people an opportunity to be on there with him for the first mining block, etc. More than 50,000 BTC were auctioned off in the first few months as well, (and they didnt get a single bid) and this was to generate interest. Secondly, a premined coin is potentially not obeying monopoly laws which puts all of their users in jeopardy of loss or market crash when it get's attacked for legal reasons. Thirdly*, since bitcoin was the first to utilize this technology, and in fact invented it, users like you would have felt like this no matter what because you were not aware of how computer science worked to a degree that you were excited about this like for example, I was, on the day of it's release. So it's kind of an invalid complaint for most people anyways. No one knew what to expect with the technology at the time, except maybe those familiar with cryptography, and it was seen as an experimental commodity, so while early adopters did get disproportionate rewards for mining compared to today - most of them did not mine, even then, for coins. All that being said, MOST of the coins mined since then have been spent several times over in the process of getting the technology established - which meant it was severely undervalued and difficult to hold onto for early adopters, so not many people are still hanging on to that stuff, at least not in disproportionate amounts. All of that said, satoshi himself didn't mine that many coins, and the ones he did mine, he promised not to use... and then he didn't as is evident in the blockchain.
In short you're like a person complaining about the early adopters of a microwave getting more meals out of it, just because you didn't understand that things could be heated up without fire or something.
@_date: 2018-01-27 20:44:27
he really believes in that altcoin
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:32:42
i don't remember saying anything about it this year -edit- but in all seriousness doge was such a long shot when it was made, it doesn't surprise me that the people working on it are surprised at it's success. It could only take off if most of the world began using it, and with bitcoin stabilizing as a backbone that's probably really going to happen. They are going to be very successful, probably beyond what they ever expected.
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:04:07
it doesn't matter. It doesn't need updates, it works the same as bitcoin but with much higher volumes in mind. The security is cemented by previous use and future expenditure. If you think that cryptocurrency is the future, dogecoin would be the cash. Bitcoin would be... like the nuclear silos, the bank security network, it's what keeps the cash safe if you continue running with that metaphor. It's the backbone. The blockchain technology is the future. My money is on something like doge making the USE case. I'm not sure if it will be doge or something else, but it won't be bitcoin - bitcoin has always had bigger dreams than being your pocket money. Like I said in another post, bitcoin is built for war. The entire technology is based on cryptographic communications from world war 2. It's built to survive an unstable and ever adapting supply line. The earliest people who found use for it were drug and gun runners, pirates and prostitutes. It's war technology, built to survive a hostile environment. The people who use it nowadays are national players. While reddit bitches about transaction fees, it's still cheaper and less of a liability than cash or commodity when exchanging value in times of war. The people who use it now are national players, We're talking russia, united states, north korea - are using it to secure supply lines, vehicles, guns, missiles, rare elements. It's going to be more valuable than every day people can even comprehend one day - and as that happens, all ships rise at high tide - the other currencies will find their use cases. If I was a betting man (but I'm not) I would say doge is more likely to be the use case. The Cash. If you're wondering how I know all of this, just watch the block chain. Watch the world supply of goods exchanges, especially rare materials. It's all public, just nobody looks.
@_date: 2018-01-13 14:41:56
It does apply to forfeiture/seizure. They can accuse your property of a crime if they are investigating one, and they don't have to give you those details (and in fact it's against the law to do so unless they are ready to charge you because it can "poison the well" so to speak) but they can't keep it forever. if they don't prove you're involved and knew about it, or that there was a crime at all, they have to release it when they're done with using it against whoever did commit a crime. It's unconstitutional to hold property without evidence a crime has been committed. This is to protect the innocent. The law is a shield not a sword. (It should also be noted that they have to legally acquire the property from you if they are investigating someone else's crime, which can be legally tricky if they aren't sure they are going to try to charge you or not. Usually they make a deal with the person with the property at that point, but not always.)
Just pay your taxes when you can.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:18:35
This is correct, he owes nothing at the moment.
@_date: 2018-01-31 16:22:34
it might as well be "ethereal" for how much it actually exists.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:39:39
it's not meant to replace cash, at least not permanently. It does for suppliers and logistic workers, but for every day peoples It's meant to be a hold of value that appreciates, now. It used to be a cash-replacement, but it's grown beyond that point now. This is the kind of thing you go into your swiss bank safety deposit box to access, with an extra layer of security once inside. This is the safest of the safe stores of money. Yes, for a while while it builds popularity it is useful to exchange it, but the smart money is in holding this shit and using it as a high volume/high value trading tool. Use cases are covered by large exchanges not everyday small expenditures, but, for a short time, they will still be possible. We are approaching the end of that period. Eventually though, it will be insane to use the coin on anything that isn't a large/bulk order. It will be how businesses transact, and eventually how banks move their value around. It discourages use, if anything. Much like very valuable Elemental components. You buy it and you hold it, and you have a specific use of it in mind - or you keep it until someone else is willing to pay more to use it on their idea. Think of it as the most valuable digital thing in existence - because security wise, it is. It is the security of a banking system or a nation. It is not a dollar for mcdonalds, but it did take a period of time of being that, in order to acquire it's coming prestige. If you want something that replaces cash, dogecoin is the other way - and yes I am serious. Cash is so inflated that it would take a cartoonish coin like doge, with a similarly minded community to replace it. Dogecoin is  very seriously the second best option to bitcoin for every day-use cases such as buying coffee, if it continues to experience growth in relation to bitcoin. All of the other coins I've looked into have glaring problems I won't discuss because It's too early in the morning to be flushing peoples dreams down the toilet.
@_date: 2018-01-18 16:57:19
like... war
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:29:20
This isn't a place where I care about formatting and I don't like having to respond, so I don't think I will be using paragraphs.  Lightning DOES rely on trust. I understand how bitcoin works, and have even explained it in detail in the past so I don't know why you just linked that article. We're talking about a third party that holds transactions. If it holds transactions it is open to exploitation, that's it. That's all there is to it, that's fact. That's how programming works. That's how humans work. That is why bitcoin does not create that opportunity in it's system. That is a physical law as far as you're concerned because the compartmentalization of the coding is where exploitation happens. It's what constrains banking technology. Holds result in thefts eventually. Period. There are 2 primary ways through which these thefts happen. The first is that someone governs the hold, literally walks off with the hold. The second is that transaction lists themselves are exploited by line jumpers. They delay an initial transaction and go through with later ones, or renege on transactions after secondary investment has already been made based on the information provided through the first. Bitcoin doesn't use this mechanism because it's not trustworthy. The assumption always has been and always should be that people are assholes. This is the classic "chump" mistake. Don't fall for it.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:22:25
if money as a core concept has value in society, and there are people on earth using electronics, crypto will be the future from now on for that endeavor and so it may in fact be undervalued even much higher than it currently is, but yes, other than those highly probable circumstances, I suppose anything could happen.
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:12:55
and what is eth's plan exactly, to get hijacked by 4chan?
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:44:20
it's not worth hacking yet. The answer to that question goes beyond market cap, I know the average person has no idea what such a task would entail but people who are stealing shit have to think about fencing if it's for profit, and if it's not for profit it has to serve some other purpose worth some amount of money to them to take that risk. In the case of ethereum as soon as it's exploited the value is going to drop to 0$. Not 1$, not a few cents, but absolute 0, so until someone you or "they" (whoever they happens to be in this case) don't like, is holding a significant portion of their finances in ethereum it's unlikely to get crashed by an exploit or a hack. -edit- also, a lot of people seem to think that hacking means stealing, they aren't synonymous. Sometimes an institution getting hacked is someone coming to their servers and bombing them or setting them on fire or whatever destructive method serves the purpose those people have in mind. "Hacking" does not mean what the common person thinks it means. It is commonly associated now with digital theft, but just because someone took something doesn't mean they have it, or ever had access to it. (1). 2, the word originates from things being easier to "hack together" or "hack apart" with shitty code that sniffs and steals data, or simply redirects and loses it, than it is to build and run an organized program/website/database which both does what its function is supposed to be, and is an active deterrent to theft/intrusion/packet sniffing/exploits as well. The word hacking originates from engineering, (especially military) and was used as a reference to improvising solutions. Sometimes the simplest solutions are the best. "hacking" could literally be throwing the hard drive out of a window if you are instructed to "hack" a competitors PC's to cause them difficulty at the "right time." Programmers adapted the saying because it fit better than anything else to their task, which was not unlike engineering in that it's purely a function of logic. Because Ethereum is turing complete code, it can be exploited in some way or another. The possibilities are infinite and they are narrowed down the more is understood about the code (which, I'm sure it's open source lol.) Which translates to: It is only a matter of time until someone figures out a work around for stealing a significant portion of it, or simply destroying a significant portion of it in a very small time frame, but since it will likely destroy the value of the coin as well, this would only be worth doing to fuck someone over - it would not be profitable unless that somehow profited you.
@_date: 2018-01-31 18:19:14
when did making a factual statement about well described issues become some kind of pseudoscientific psychological effect, or that just like a generic response given on reddit for all people who proclaim proficiency in any arena?
@_date: 2018-01-17 00:39:59
i dont think you understand modern economics
@_date: 2018-01-14 12:24:34
Yeah, the irony is that you have no idea who the fuck you're talking to or the extent of understanding the details he has.
@_date: 2018-01-08 15:19:23
I don't even know how to answer that, could you state the question in clearer terms? Everyone's holdings appreciate because it's deflationary, the supply of bitcoin will eventually consume itself - it becomes more valuable every time it's spent, every time some of it is lost - it's based on the the processing power of all the contributing computers which have mined for it in the past or viewed it's blockchain in the future. It cannot be replaced. There is no alternative which comes close to the level of security it provides, and there will likely not be one in any of our lifetimes, though eventually the supply will need to be refreshed and some other cryptocurrency with an exactly similar design will take its place. (Like doge for example, though it is unlikely to actually be doge because that is meant to handle much higher volume.) So eventually, all of it WILL get used. It is the epitome of none-monetary value. It is logistical value, it is security manifest. See my other posts to see how what I said relates to it's value. If there are wars, it will grow in value. If there are not wars, the holder of bitcoin will be the richest people in the land because they will be the only ones capable of making war given modern security technology. Does that clear it up? I would love to explain in more detail, it's one of my favorite subjects.
@_date: 2018-01-14 21:56:49
that... didn't use to be there :-/ but when the contract allowed me to speak publicly about it, I began to. They have been abusing my rights for a long time - and their campus sits squarely on land that I own and the government is required to pay me for the use of, and they have been delinquent on payment for several years now on top of their thefts of my property. An important thing to point out here, is that they used to make payments... So they are aware of the arrangement and the contract, at least until recently when they pretended not to be. So... I guess I don't give a fuck anymore. They already made my life as risky as a life can be by stealing as much as they have. They put me in danger daily. To this day.
@_date: 2018-01-10 22:05:23
everything I said was true.
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:24:39
it's relevant because bigger blocks are not on the release schedule that came with the original coin, understand? That means anything involving bigger blocks is technically a different coin because it's a "patch." It's a "new version" that uses the original source code, and shares similarities in it's name, but it is (inherently) legally a different intellectual property. Bitcoin &gt; Bitcoin, Segwit update &gt; patch numbers, these are all different properties with different intents which makes them different coins. Does that clarify things for you? I'd appreciate it if you didn't insult me for giving you sound, correct information when previously you had bad information.
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:01:31
no, the reason he didn't was because he decided that was not the best long term strategy. He said as much online. It's hilarious that people think they know better now, and what you said is the exact reverse of the truth. Private corporations are the ones who want to reduce value, reduce fees, reduce scale because this is so efficient it puts banks out of business. Which was the goal, because most banks are irresponsible.
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:12:01
yes land untouched by people remains pristine
@_date: 2018-01-18 18:20:52
It should be harder for those things to propagate through a digital currency which has one way secure transactions which can be geolocated, and tracked in real time through a blockchain.
@_date: 2018-01-03 12:29:41
and that's how time travel was born.
@_date: 2018-01-14 20:10:12
no, i didn't say I didn't read it at all, I said I didn't read all of it - in an earlier post I describe looking through the text to find stuff out about it, after discerning that it's trash due to it's mechanisms of action I stopped reading. I'm also not going to read the rest of your post or respond anymore because you are literally just wasting my time. Bitcoin is not so complex a subject that one can't comprehend it's technical aspects perfectly, it is actually somewhat simple when you understand the underlying principals - as for it's transactionional aspects, they can be understood perfectly as well but it becomes a case by case argument.
No project after the one Satoshi released is Bitcoin. Hence the name differences. It's truly confounding how you can't understand this principal, as it's not a technical one, it does not require a burden of knowledge, it is very simple to comprehend: Satoshi Nakamoto made bitcoin. He released the source code, that's what "open source" means, so that other people could create their own coins. He even made an example coin for Github, which someone else then ran with and modified. It is a separate coin, the "Segwit" coin. That means Bitcoin Segwit Update is it's own coin. Separate from Bitcoin itself. The name "Bitcoin" belongs only to the original project. The Bitcoin Segwit Update, is the Bitcoin Segwit Update coin, they even say so early on in development. They began calling it Bitcoin for short which in my opinion they should not have done because it's created confusion for people like you. Open source means you can see the source code, it doesn't mean you can use someone's shit to make money without paying them, and it definitely doesn't mean shit you modify and call a similar name to the original, is the original genuine article. It's not necessarily a cheap knock off either, it could even be an improvement in some aspects - but the bottom line is it is NOT the same. Not legally. Not philosophically. Not at all. And my opinion, The SegWit Update is a con.
The ship theseus only applies to people making different coins and the idea that transition would happen from bitcoin to other coins, (which is still true because Bitcoin is a commodity with a limited shelf life, just like all future successful coins will be) it doesn't mean that Bitcoin literally is the other coins, it just means that the source material from Bitcoin was used to create updated or changed coins - which are NOT BITCOIN. Even in the philosophical argument, it is noted that the end result ship, is a different ship than the original. So... Holy shit. The philosophical argument is cool and all but it doesn't apply DIRECTLY to the legal aspects of creation and ownership of I.P, either - though it ALMOST does, and while I do appreciate it's finer points, bringing it up only proves my point, not your own. I understand what you're trying to say. But it's wrong.
As a final and separate note, I never approved of Segwit Update coin either. I've always said so.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:35:20
lol, i tried like 3 different smileys and put them in brackets etc didn't work. I'm sure there are characters that can be input that will result in them but I am just going to consider them a phone thing from here on out. We're moving backwards... to hieroglyphs.
@_date: 2018-01-14 13:38:31
its an escrow because on the lightning network "update" (the lightning network coin,) it holds the money. It's not the same as saying "I owe you 5." It's the same as taking 5$ from someones wallet so that he may send and receive up to 5$ to/from another party, and handing the 5$ back if they decide not to go through with it. Which is the problem I described exactly. There is opportunity for a walk off there. There is opportunity for price manipulation when previously there was not. That's how it is. I don't care about their technical summary because that's not what's going to go on in action. Don't trust things that aren't bitcoin or cash in your hand. I would never trust something like this lightning network, and neither should you.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:24:09
i just found out people could post them in reddit and i may be done with this place now.
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:29:42
and each one was a new coin, and for the legal and public reasons I stated, but I can't tell you why beyond that, just trust that one day there will be a case about the issue because there always is with things like this, and the law which sets the precedence will matter. I also told you where you can find the quotes but this isn't a court room, so I'm not digging for them myself.
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:16:35
The idea in the beginning was that Bitcoin would be like the universal money. As the universal money it would become too valuable for small things eventually, but useful for things like expensive licensing, property ownership, maintenance or logistics (ordering shipments of components or sales items) Altcoins would develop with geographic relevancy. Say you're in doge country. In doge country you eat with your doges you pay your rent in doges, but when you want to open a new shop, you trade up a bunch of dogs for a part of a bitcoin to get licensed with the upper gov. More beaurocracy requires a stronger currency, so the highest echelons of government/appreciating assets will become represented by bitcoin. What this translates to, is that when dealing with the "global government," you deal in bitcoin - trading your altcoins up to it and vice versa. When dealing locally you deal with whatever local altcoin is most popular, the limitations on the altcoins being the extent of their use. Say your location produces a lot of corn. People will begin to associate certain alts with certain local commodities. Dogecoin might be the go to coin for "corn" purchases (hypothetical.) Something like this was the idea. If it ever reaches that point in practice, im not sure if it will happen in my/our lifetimes. But it would be cool to see, and at any rate, this will be the case one day because there is a micro-version of it going on with the dollar, but the dollar is not strong enough to fill the role, nor could it be. 
@_date: 2018-01-31 16:05:10
He didn't counter any of my points, he started talking about bitcoin and monetary value. I said the value of the coin wasn't what mattered. As well as that, Bitcoin is actually secure, and isn't a turing complete app function "commodity." Ethereum is nothing like Bitcoin except that it's a technically a "cryptocurrency." That's like saying windows is the same as linux because they are both operating systems. Or to put it more simply, its the same as saying a spoon is the same as fork because they are both kitchen utensils. Bitcoin (today) is not even the same as Bitcoin (Release), so his argument is retarded in 3 ways. It's wrong on a logical-functional level, while only being one statement which I already disproved and it's also not touching on anything that I said.
@_date: 2018-01-14 02:43:35
listen I could destroy your arguments completely, but this is reddit and today, I have less time than usual to argue pointlessly on the internet. The point remains that bitcoin is what was released in 2009 for legal reasons, perhaps extending beyond the 8mb change and up to segwit, but possibly not even that far, and only what was released originally. Beyond the segwit change it is not even arguable that it meets the legal criteria to be the same coin. It's different. Different developers. Changes to the original ruleset. These changes and differences make that an indefensible argument. Anything beyond the 8mb change (including segwit) counts as experimental, including other people developing for the coin and it's network, and Satoshi said so himself. Hence the name "segwit." Bitcoin is bitcoin. It was perfect as it was. More importantly, it was invented and titled bitcoin - and the segwit modifications were invented and titled "segwit changes," now referred to as "segwit" informally.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:14:29
points for potential accuracy.
@_date: 2018-01-14 13:02:18
I care a lot what words mean and LN is an escrow. Can the blockchain see it? No? So it's third party to the bitcoin block chain? yes? And it holds coins, yes? So it's a third party mechanism, which holds coins? So it's an escrow. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:36:56
The blockchain provides accountability for who's holding and who's spending, like in a poker game you don't know what anybodies hand is but you know what they are holding in money. Arbitration is what happens to facilitate an exchange between the only two people that matter; the ones making the exchange - and recourse, of course, is handled in that this is a safer way to exchange value than any other - so you have plenty of opportunities to not fuck it up before you make a trade. If you want to indian-give somebody, it's a lot more difficult - I know, I know, banks really don't like that aspect but it's the way of the future. Once a trade is made, it's true, there is no recourse except a civil one - which is exactly how it should be. People who are irresponsible will be the ones left holding bags of all sorts - and the blame, for once in human history, will find it's proper home, when financial fiasco's go down.
@_date: 2018-01-09 19:48:23
If I was ever prompted to defend this argument in a situation where it was required, like say for example, not reddit - I would be able to prove that it is not a theory, but a fact.
@_date: 2018-01-17 00:17:01
I said they are working on it, not it was the case currently, do you always assume things that I didn't say? It's not only a currency, that is just one of it's functions. It is a logistical commodity. A war tool. It serves a purpose, it's one way and secure, decentralized, and useable anywhere, and it's value increases because of these qualities as well as it's rarity. Compared to the dollar which is literally cloth paper, doesn't do anything, and they can print an unlimited supply of it when there aren't an unlimited supply of items. As a currency, cryptos are closer to a reflection of reality than dollarinos, making them inherently more valuable. It's backed by a global economy that will grow stronger than any individual country economy, as well. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 15:38:15
a fork is a different coin. A fork is not possible while retaining the quality of being the original coin. There are infinite alternative coins, but there is only one thing which is Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:04:01
You're going to need to go use the way back machine but on release that was part of his statement - any further than that I can't go for you, as I said I have a more intimate understanding of the situation which I can't discuss further. I'm also not looking shit up for you, this isn't a court room.
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:07:00
I can provide a qoute but I'm not doing your work for you. If you were truly interested and not a malevolent presence to Bitcoin you would know already that what I said is true, and it's publicly available. Just look up his release documents and the few documents (3) he released beforehand regarding his intent behind the design. It won't be further back than three. I gave you a reference, I don't need to look up the qoute itself, like I said, this isn't a court room, it's a hobby to you. This is something I have had to retain intimate knowledge of for more than 9 years.
@_date: 2018-01-13 17:44:11
what's called bitcoin today is the same thing that was called bitcoin in 2009 and it does not involve segwit, because bitcoin was the original and the name has a hard meaning tied into what was released in 2009. That's why it's referred to separately as "segwit." 
LN requires trust in a third party because it is a third party in and of itself. It is a separate compartmentalization of bitcoin - it is not connected and verifying with the blockchain. This is a highly exploitable vulnerability, which "opens the door" creating opportunity for theft. Meaning someone could walk off with all of the transaction list escrow, (such as a network operator or operators) or someone could cause the transactions to go differently than intended (person 1 buys, person 2 buys because person 1 buys and there is a value change, person 1 reneges or does a chargeback, person 2's reason for purchase is invalidated, person one gains the difference or the network gains the difference, which for all intents and purposes is person 1 as far as person 2 is concerned because person 2 just lost potentially everything, but at minimum, has lost his reason for making a purchase in the first place. So he has something he doesn't want if he has anything at all (and he's been defrauded of the value that prompted the trade in the first place). So to, reiterate, he's lost whatever value he's put in to the thief, while gaining something potentially worthless or of negative value, due to the potential for theft on the network itself he's purchased it from - not to mention future legal action. More importantly than the theft it opens itself to, it could potentially be utilized to attack the value of bitcoin itself by forcing forks with these fraudulent transaction lists, when they've stolen enough money the people holding the bag will at least want to sell back at even or a slight loss, perpetuating people into defrauding each other over just losing out totally. It is an outright malicious attack on bitcoin.  No one should participate. The original coin does not allow for this type of problem, it is a one way, secure transaction. No take backs. No walk offs.
@_date: 2018-01-14 01:35:06
That is correct the only thing that can be called bitcoin is what Satoshi Released, and what the majority of blocks were mined on. A change such as Segwit is a defining line of difference. The very first change to 8mb was not the kind of modification that was not intended on release, and because it was written that it might be changed previous to release, and within a certain time frame of release it would be a separate argument to define that as the line of separation- an argument that would likely fail if courthouses were places of merit and someone with technological understanding were on both sides of, or at least one side, of the argument. Regardless of that minute difference of opinion, Segwit is a large enough change to satisfy the requirements for it to be a different coin entirely. So it does. Still, when invoking the word bitcoin, we are speaking of the first release, which is what coined the word - and for legal reasons you will all be thankful for that one day.
As for the LN problems I don't know the specifics of the network because I am not working on it, and I am not interested enough to look further than it's mechanism of action which tells me all of the possibilities. It is essentially an addon - like a program you lay on top of your wallet.... Or like a bank, or money transfer service or an API. The purpose of which is to circumvent rising fees for using the blockchain. The fees are probably rising due to automated bloatware transactions, but that's a separate issue that will eventually fix itself, and was thought of when bitcoin was released. Keep in mind banks and exchanges and money transfer services, were all things which bitcoin was made to counteract the need for in the first place by taking up those roles until such a time as it's value was too high to be used for minor transactions. At which point it's logistical use is realized. (At which time the botnets working to increase fees will cost more than they make and probably subsequently stop.)  Now, that's not where the problems begin because lots of exchanges and API's hold coins for people - I don't recommend using any of that because every middle man is an opportunity for a runner, and bitcoin allows one to avoid it entirely. The problem I have with it is the transaction list and the escrow to create the channels involved in Lightning network. Somewhere out there is a database where that can all be stolen from all at once, or it decentralized and that problem is SOMEWHAT mitigated for now, but one day it will result in a walk off after lots of time of reliable use, and the walk off will be worth millions even if the relative amount of coins is on the smaller side. Like say someone opens a 10 btc channel now, but by the end of the year, it's worth walking off on to satisfy the people working on the network. Like say, in a year, the price goes from 14k to 140k. If not the first year, then the next. Or the next. Almost everyone has a number and one day that number will arrive because of the design of the coin, which I think everyday people are too small minded to realize (no offense to them, not many people think of global economic domination but countries DO, and this is already being seen on that playing field.)
So the issues with the transaction list and escrow; is as follows: 
when created, the blockchain is "blind" to either the transaction list and the escrow or just the list. Either way this means that it is a false transaction list because until it makes it to the blockchain, **none of this has happened yet.** Which means before it happens, information exists about trades that "will" (might) happen. But it's potentially false information, which is something bitcoin on it's own prevents from happening. Now, If exchanges are made, someone can run off with coins in escrow to create the list - or use a false list to convince the market that the value of coins has changed a significant amount when it has in fact, not. This is circumvented by Bitcoin on it's own outside of the lightning network, by costing people money to transact (so there is an absolute cap on how much false transacting to manipulate the market that people will do.) All this network allows for that's new, is the manipulation of the price of bitcoins significantly, without costing the person doing the manipulation anything. (Through bloated transaction lists that it assures are going to go through but then often won't.) Or at minimum, it drastically reduces costs on doing this kind of manipulation. So it's a type of attack which costs nothing to enact - whereas bitcoin itself is resilient to attacks because in one way or another they cost a lot of money to make happen - this would make it easier to attack the coin. It's in no way good for the coin. No one should give a shit about the fees because this has reached outside of the bounds of your pocket money, and into the realm of interest generating or appreciating assets meant for long term holding, and this is due to scarcity. (What I mean to say is, if you want to use something other than dollars or digital dollars for money, there are altcoins. Bitcoin has grown from it's humble beginnings into a valuable asset like a car or a small piece of land, which was one of the eventual goals of the coin, but not the end goal. It's value will never again return to the low levels where these fees are complaint worthy.) This Lightning network would circumvent the active protocols in place for preventing fraud of the above described nature - and all it accomplishes is that it makes attacks easier, cheaper, and more likely - which would rapidly devalue the coin. So you can imagine when a few large transaction lists get made, and then a bunch of them don't go through but the price was effected and people traded on that information off the LN, those people are getting robbed of that expected value, and bitcoin's name is going to get dragged through the mud, and it's not going to be good for bitcoin. This shit is an attack, and an affront on the coin, and on Satoshi's intention - and the only people interested in participating are the type of fraudsters who caused the housing market crash a few years ago.
@_date: 2018-01-19 19:18:18
DO NOT USE EXCHANGES. DO NOT USE BANKS.
@_date: 2018-01-08 14:55:10
altcoins will replace cash, bitcoin replaces something else... like bank security. Nuclear codes. Top secret server data. Etc. It was designed with world-at-war contingencies in mind. It's value is to nations security, supply lines, logistical solutions and such. Because handling vast amounts of commodities and cash in reasonable time periods is not fast enough, and not safe enough - but bitcoin is. There was a time when it needed to build momentum and common use was important for it's growth but we are well beyond that time at the world stage. It was never a permanent replacement of cash, that was just a building phase for the coin. Now it's like holding a much more valuable resource - and it was always going to be much more valuable than that. Look at how much of it there is. Look at what it does. 21 million total. Super secure. One way sales. There are trillions of dollars by comparison. It's fair to say that now It's entered more serious territory. If you want to buy cars, trucks, tanks, factories, factory equipment, medicine, guns, in bulk - bitcoin is your man. If you need lunch money, go invest in some doge. It's not a bad idea. I highly recommend adoption of something like doge for every day use because it's built for that kind of volume. Bitcoin is not. Bitcoin is built for war. Look at how secure it is. It is built for people who's life and safety is on the line. Think of the first adopters and their most likely professions. Think of the latest adopters. It's way overkill for your lunch at this point and it's only going to get more serious going forward. It won't surprise me if I hear one day that some government or many governments are trying to buy all of it up. They are already talking about requiring a banking license to even touch the coins - that's how valuable they are.
@_date: 2018-01-18 18:52:38
In order to confirm your transactions with the blockchain, or otherwise keep them legitimate, (you risk losing your coins doing a series of secret transactions because your block chain will not match with the public ledger) you will need to connect to nodes either for your transaction or at some point to confirm them - so while IP addresses are not stored in the Blockchain itself, tracing who you are, and when you made a transaction, and exactly where on Earth it took place would be made trivial if you have made 1 or more transactions and confirmed them, because your IP will be associated with the confirmation node, which adds to the public ledger. More transactions makes it easier to trace you because they can go, ok, so, these wallets exchange coins at these times and these were the confirmation nodes, which will have the IP information available. If you have only made one and then never confirmed with the network, technically you don't have possession of those coins yet, and could lose out on gaining them if you don't confirm with a node because, say, you don't confirm, and that person backtracks their log, and spends them, and months go by with no update from you, the system will go with whichever transaction went through first. So don't attempt to make secret transactions is the moral to this story or if you must do so, do so in such a way that the other party can't attempt to double spend you.
@_date: 2018-01-21 14:09:07
actually, it does.
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:27:15
I heard that Ethereum is a turing complete coin, if so, that coin is a huge liability to it's investors. I don't know anything about it, but I know that a turing complete system means that enough control of the market could be used in a literal attack, and "enough" would probably be relatively small compared to what would qualify as "market control" for other coins. (Rather than a proxy attack on the blockchain like most coins experience, it could just be reset or turned off outright within a turing complete system.) If you can tell me why that's not possible I would like to hear that explanation. Otherwise I Don't know why people put money in ethereum, although it does have a really cool name. 
@_date: 2018-01-31 16:21:09
not narrow minded, technical. I have a technical understanding of what's going on, which is the best kind of understanding.
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:59:31
Depends, how many sandwiches can that person make in 2-3 hours? What are the costs of the sandwhich materials? How much is a business license at the location I will be selling them? 40$ is a small fee for some things but a large fee for others. 
@_date: 2018-01-19 00:27:13
it wont be overvalued even at 250k
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:01:42
which makes it potentially awesome as long as no theft happens, but that kind of safety can only happen through accountable regulation. 
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:38:41
he didnt say you couldn't make altcoins that support bigger blocks. You are still building that straw man. I didn't say that. Try to understand what I am saying. He wrote* that if anything is changed from the original release it is no longer the original bitcoin. Meaning it is a patch, an "update" all updates fit the legal definition of a new coin. Not Bitcoin(TM) but Bitcoin ( whatever patch.) Or Bitcoin, SegWit Update (Patch  each new patch is a "new coin" by legal definition, because of what Satoshi said publicly and how he worded things, but more importantly, because of the precedent set by other intellectual (programming) properties. They are also different coins because of their operational function at a technical level. I could come up with further arguments in a legal discourse that involved a judge, (and i can even say that much) but on reddit we are relegated to only public information, meaning, if this doesn't convince you - you won't be convinced, and it's a good thing you aren't in charge of "what's what" in law or in reality, or that might matter.
@_date: 2018-01-14 12:31:36
Lightning Network IS an escrow network. Because it's EITHER an escrow network, or it's own coin, and they are saying it's still "bitcoin." Which means they are implying it's an escrow network. It's literally not a part of bitcoin. The network is separate and they said themselves that the blockchain is blind to it. That means by definition, its an Escrow network. By pointing out that none of those people are satoshi you are also pointing out that Github bitcoin is NOT Bitcoin. Bitcoin is the project which Satoshi released, and is separate. It is not a publicly open project. It is open sourced so that others may make coins, meaning that there is not a monopoly on the mechanism, but it is not a public project. Anything modified by others is using his open sourced blueprint, to create their own coin. Even if the title is "Bitcoin, Segwit update" it is still not "Bitcoin."
@_date: 2018-01-08 16:36:40
tl;dr: read it, it has a pleasant twist.
@_date: 2018-01-15 19:05:14
but that title will one day matter, and you will one day see why that matters.
@_date: 2018-01-09 19:50:15
was. past tense true vs past tense hypothetical.
@_date: 2018-01-22 21:31:58
lmfao thanks for the tip
@_date: 2018-01-18 15:26:07
the primary use case is wartime logistics, trade in conflict zones or destabilized countries with large quantities of resource wealth or stored treasures, or a fairly large and stable real economy (as in not investment economy, but stores/shops/restaurants and what have you) which is being effected by said conflict. as conflict increases so too will bitcoin market cap - not just physical wartime conflict mind you but political conflict such as a war on drugs as well, not that this guy above me is definitively wrong or anything because obviously that's decided by what's contributing most at the time, and that very well might be the case, but for most of BTC history past present and future, conflict will be the largest contributing factor at any given time. That Korea just sold a bunch means that they are either appeasing bankers/regulators temporarily, and thus not anticipating ANY immediate conflict on their soil, or they are anticipating imminent conflict NOT ON THEIR HOME SOIL, but nearby (aka offensive conflict with NK) and trying to disrupt the enemy supply chain by cutting off trade. Given what we know about NK, it could be the latter just as likely as the former, but Bitcoin acts not only as a way to profit from conflict, but a way to anticipate it, and a way to lessen the damage it causes significantly.
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:02:05
im not talking about bitcoin, which regulates itself, i'm talking about lightning network which is a "third party" and would involve hold transactions. If you build a network that only transacts like say... once a year and on trust, that will result in theft 100% of the time. If it's possible, it will happen, and it is only a matter of time, and it will matter a lot. I'm not talking about the two interacting parties here either, I'm talking about the institution that ends up doing all of the holding. Since that's inefficient i'm imagining a system in place that basically records all the transactions going to take place. It then does them all at once to make it cheaper while charging something that allows them to profit in theory. I suppose if no one holds and it is just a trust system, it's possible that theft can be prevented because they only have to make the exchanges if the queue is being adhered to - but it will result in transaction lists which an be cumbersome and can cause a bureaucracy in and of itself should they become convoluted enough. Say one person is going to buy this, then another person is going to buy that, IF that's true, but the first person cancels at the end of the year. It prevents the whole transaction list from taking place, or some people go through with trades and not others resulting in unfair trades (aka theft.) This delay will make misunderstandings/thefts possible through malicious use of this system, so it should not be done. It is also true that if there is an escrow that gaurentees the list being adhered to, that service can be used for theft at least once when the number is big enough and the moderator experiences greed for the first time and runs off with everyones money - which is why bitcoin is designed the way it is (1 way, highly secure transactions, decentralized blockchain.) Basically what I'm saying is I see why people want it, but I also see why it will be difficult to implement and shouldn't be done for safety reasons with any amount of money that you ultimately do not want stolen, because of accountability. Until there is a world wide government, a person can open a "Lightning network" in some bunker in the shithole third world, transact normally for a few years, and when the total investment number is high enough, run off with ALL of the money for ALL of the trades - and it will always be possible until there is global accountability - which is why bitcoin is perfect the way it is and it doesn't need a network like this. If high volume is your thing, dogecoin is that way. -----&gt; If you really want a lightning network what you really need to stabilize it would be global accountability, so a global government. Which is cool and I agree with you, but there are people who call that school of thought Imperialist.
@_date: 2018-01-08 20:48:06
actually no it's not, but I won't get into validating why you're wrong because it's not that meaningful to me that you understand. And it's more than just sidestepping regional economic distress (which is hands down the most profitable thing in the known world, by the way). It's a type of security and value that is always going to be valid as long as there are political or economic disagreements, it's just that war is the easiest one to explain without going into much detail. There are also issues of prohibition the world over, not just on commodities but also information which it is useful for. Yes, there is an upper limit in like a hundred years wherein a new commodity will likely replace it at that level of use, but it will remain relevant at higher levels than that - which is not realistically something you or I will ever deal with. Well, maybe not you anyways. As a last side note, I try to leave "prose" out of this type of thing, and use words that act as metaphors or paint imagery that shorten the total length required to communicate everything I mean to. Shorten, not lengthen (which is what prose ends up doing, it's just filler. This is detailed information.) I think that you don't understand the mechanism of action behind bitcoin if you can say this stuff. A global team of dildos doesn't get a say in the value of a commodity no matter how much economic control they attempt to muster against something that is as hostility resistant as cryptography. It's literally THE GO TO tool for logistical issues, it's one of the hardest things in the world to control by it's very nature.
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:05:38
what you have described would not be bitcoin by any legal definition.
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:12:17
that's just not true. And the banking system/fiat is a mass delusion on top of that not being true. You need to diversify in appreciating assets. I've never committed a crime and they've stolen my money. They've stolen a whole bank that I owned's money, and several other banks as well, in the name of "investigating" ran off with it, and then collapsed many of them in the process with their asset forfeitures, which Bitcoin can be resistant to - and which no arrests were made on. Then they bailed the con men out, and didn't pay back the honest bankers to boot. That's a currency that is a day away from crashing at every turn because of the irresponsibility involved in it's management. It's useful for small time purchases but don't hold onto that shit.  Bitcoin has legitimate uses, they are just expensive. Most importantly, it appreciates. I once said it would be a government currency one day, not the kind of thing they even let regular people touch and it's true, more and more they push for laws requiring people to get banking licenses in order to be able to hold Bitcoin. :-/ 
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:34:30
OK, bitcoin is not a democracy. It's an intellectual property. If there is consensus it just means that's where people spend their money or where there is activity, it doesn't change what is what. I have more evidence of this than just the legal precedence if you're a lawyer and would like to discuss a dispute with me in civil court or whatever.
@_date: 2018-01-22 12:14:18
@_date: 2018-01-09 18:01:32
anything that results in a fork will ultimately fail.
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:38:55
to piece of shit from prisoner of war? Off-chain scamming? Anything none criminal?
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:11:48
I can tell you definitively that a government agency would be too incompetent to invent it, which is why they would contract this kind of work out - and that the reason they left him alone is because it's backed, through federal banking insurance, by the dollar. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 21:27:01
I can't comment on those because I don't know the details. I never stored anything with them. Don't use exchanges.
@_date: 2018-01-13 16:30:01
Everything dies one day, but bitcoin will not die until the last one can be spent.
Segwit and LN will die before bitcoin. A fork will never happen, and no one should trust a third party(LN), that is the idea behind bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-13 20:47:26
What I'm telling you is that if you say bitcoin, the name you are invoking does not involve segwit, and the LN protocol is third party to bitcoin itself. No one on Earth needs to refer to bitcoin as bitcoin classic, because the name of it is bitcoin. If you want a new name, for your new coin, then come up with it. But from a legal standpoint, bitcoin refers to the 2009 release. As for LN, There is an escrow, a transaction list that is unrelated to the blockchain which is vulnerable to attack or walk offs. The transaction list is vulnerable in the ways I pointed out above, and the network is compartmentalized separately from the blockchain - that is how it is designed. It's literally a third party program to bitcoin. Like a bank that allows take-backs when all current banks (wallets) are one way streets, which is how they should be. Like something you might add on to bitcoin, but would still not in itself be bitcoin. it is separate. These are the realities. The reason that bitcoin was designed as a one way street, is because of these very problems. Say someone opens a channel on the lightning network. Say a transaction list is created, and people see the transactions that are going to take place, driving up the market price. Say people trade in real time at these prices. Then say someone cancels a transaction list. This hurts the people that are trading on the value, which could have grown to any amount in the transaction list. This ultimately hurts bitcoin when the value is being lied about by people with no intention of actually buying or selling at those amounts - because they just cancel the trade. That's not the only way a theft or a defrauding can happen either with a network like that. It allows people to create an illusion of value, so that they can walk off with the real value elsewhere. It should not be done. It is not bitcoin. (All of this said, I have bought once, mined a little, and held all of my coin since buying. I have not bought more. I have not spent any of my coin, so I'm just explaining how this stuff effects the market.)
@_date: 2018-01-30 18:31:51
Did I step back in time? 91.45 BTC worth 1m only?
@_date: 2018-01-14 11:59:26
I did substantiate my claim. I even explained the exact mechanisms of action which are problematic, twice.
What I said is all true.  I am not voicing my opinion to you here, what I have presented are the facts.
I'm not worshiping some design - although the original is perfect, when I say this it is to appreciate it's intent and mechanism of action, not worshipping it. It does/did exactly what was intended with no extras. It is as simple as it can be while still doing that mechanism. That's why I'm telling you that from a legal standpoint when you say bitcoin you are invoking Satoshi's project and all the things that came later are not Bitcoin, including "Segwit Update" and anything that came beyond it. Bitcoin is not an open project. It never was. It was open sourced so that you may all make your own versions; so that there is not a monopoly, but it is NOT an open project. That is why they are called different things than just "Bitcoin." (Like "Bitcoin Segwit Update") or The Lightning Network, which is most definitely *not* bitcoin, and goes against the very design principals Satoshi himself talked about. He was even against Segwit and outwardly voiced concerns; conceding that the segwit project was not his project and that you all may do what you please. The name bothered him. He said so. To clarify, that means that in no uncertain terms, Segwit Update and beyond are not bitcoin, as said by Satoshi himself. Satoshi said that you could all work on your own coins, and released the code to make new ones, or alter the old one and release an update, which is why they thought it was so clever to title it "Bitcoin, Segwit Update" But that is akin to those people who pass laws with one name, but are the complete opposite to their name in action; for example "the Patriot Act" is unconstitutional. But "Bitcoin" is perfect as is, and when invoking the name you are speaking specifically of what Satoshi released up to the Segwit update, but not into or beyond it, and *nothing else*, no matter how you might "feel" about it because that is how the name was "coined" so to speak. I imagine people said Bitcoin, Segwit update for a while and shortened it to Bitcoin, but that does not change the fact that these are separate projects with separate names, and separate legal designations.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:13:49
They don't know exactly who Satoshi is. The truth is they knew at one time, but they forgot. How that's possible I don't know exactly, but, I know that's what's going on because I can tell based on their activities. They know a few people it might be, though.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:30:37
fucking how? lmao
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:25:19
It is a major currency now, buddy. More major than most countries, it's just not the type of currency people are expecting it to be. That's not Satoshi's fault either, he was very clear. It would eventually reach a stage where it was a dollar-replacement, and it temporarily was, but it would grow beyond that due to it's inherent use value in other markets - which is where it has begun to grow into now (and will continue to grow.) Its a war-time currency. It reached the adoption that was it's goal; It's a logistical currency, meant to survive hostile, treacherous environments. Hence the value, which will go much higher. It will eventually act as a backbone to other blockchain currencies that will replace things and create a global dollar. Look to something like Doge for high volume, every day use. Bitcoin consumes itself. It is deflationary and quickly evaporating because of all the war that gets made. See my past posts to get an idea of what I mean.
@_date: 2018-01-11 20:08:08
My due diligence to the world is to make sure that access to the correct information is out there, that is all. Making you want to read it is a different matter entirely. It's none of my business if you all want to lose your money. Reddit also has an atrocious formatting system for comments, so read things at your own risk. If it had like... actual paragraphs instead of line breaks I might bother. Since it doesn't, I don't believe it actually helps readability - and I'm a dyslexic person - so if you bring that up I pretty much just see it as making an excuse not to read something.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:23:36
I think we already covered this part in past responses, and how it relates to the deflationary value - but it does. Everything that makes the coin contributes in some way to it's value which is deflationary, and any different choice in almost any regard, could lead it to not be deflationary - especially things related to block difficulty, block size, block reward and the intervals at which these things change. A technical understanding of the coin would reveal how this is true, so I don't understand why I'm getting downvoted. Legally speaking, perishable is a definitive line of deflationary value - which is why bitcoin is designed the way it is. If it was less perishable, it would be less deflationary and may not legally qualify by virtue of being a digital property - and legality is 99% of the concern with something like this.
@_date: 2018-01-13 02:05:23
that's not the way the law works buddy they have to prove you committed a crime, but yes, they will try this reverse psychology shit. Know your rights. (When it comes to them trying to take it anyways. I would never buy a house so I can't comment on that aspect of things.)
@_date: 2018-01-19 22:06:50
Even "Bitcoin, segwit update" qualifies as a different coin (to anyone who isn't retarded.) That said, the fees will only get higher and the value of a BTC higher as well over time most likely. That means for smaller transactions there will be a lesser valued coin ready to take its place for that use case, and this was always intended. Even Satoshi encourged others to build new coins because BTC is built to cannibalize itself over a long, long period of time. This makes it a perishable good, even though digital, and legally qualifying it as a commodity works to serve this functionality. Future coins will, if not sufficiently altered, act the same, and carry a similar value structure which grows over time, peaks at a significant value in which the person wishing to make a volume of transactions trades out his one highly valuable coin for many, many smaller ones. The old "big" coins retain their value and find their use in high value transactions rather than volume based ones. The lower value coins will find their use case in the volume trades, until they also become too rare to do so, at which time they will find their place as a "high store of value" but not efficient for trading in volume, currency/commodity. The system will store as far back as necessary, unlike money, which simply inflates ad infinitum with checks and balances that are hardly as effective. It's democratic in that people decide the next coin, but the one that came first will always be that, attaining and holding that value, and those that stick to that design will gain value in a linear fashion, except where a coin offers a unique use case. The volatility is the result of market manipulation, but it will never play a significant role in the use case for the coins long term. Either you need the security bitcoin offers, or you don't. If you do, either it or a sufficiently similar altcoin will fill the role, and other things really can't so it's price is whatever is necessary to get it used. If you don't need it your contribution value is 0, so, who cares?
In short this system rewards people who can hold onto things, which is how money should operate if we want to avoid future financial collapses.
@_date: 2018-01-09 12:16:30
actually, if Satoshi wasn't working with a government when he created this, it's technically a war-time-technology (cryptographic communication technology) or at minimum a banking technology which has regulations which would cause him to be revealed. Which is why you can know for sure that one of those things is true. Unless he was A: A Military Contractor of some sort, or B: a licensed Investment/International Banker of some sort, or both, he would have been sought after and publicly revealed.
@_date: 2018-01-19 23:10:48
wow you just disproved yourself. "Old versions" he's discussing making new coins. The obsolete "old versions" mean "old coins." What I said was right. This was his way of wording the tracing of the lineage of the coin, but they are different coins inherently. That is how the law works regarding that subject. The first coin was called "bitcoin." The second coin was called "Bitcoin, SegWit Update." This segmentation is more than semantic in nature, it's where the law draws it's lines for intellectual property. The developers for a patch of world of warcraft for example, are only entitled to profit sharing from patches which they worked on and their contract allows for, because each new patch is in effect an entirely "new game" based on an old design of the same. That's why "expansions" are new patches and not entirely new games, while still distinctly drawing lines of intellectual property.
 You're talking about a new release. Not the original coin, with his original intent. Coins work the same as this WoW example. The original coin was designed as it was. The coins beyond it designed differently. The intent of the original coin was to be as it was. THe later ones as they are. Now it's clear for you.
@_date: 2018-01-27 21:05:43
i fucking hope so lmfao
@_date: 2018-01-14 22:46:42
I know it was years later, I didn't get it wrong. I even talked about that before I course corrected to making a less lengthy post. You are intentionally misrepresenting what i have said, just as you always do. I meant in this context about the Theseus thing - not the general context of the philosophical argument. The way you are all over the place makes me believe you might be insane. This is not a good medium for this lengthy discussion, at any rate, and I'm not really interested in carrying it on. Especially not with an insane person.
@_date: 2018-01-14 18:22:10
It's not my imagination that those things work the way I described. Not only did i accurately describe their functionality within the programming, because I was describing their limitations given their function (which I understand perfectly) but that's the law I described regarding segwit and invoking the name of "Bitcoin." When you talk about just "Bitcoin" you're talking about Satoshi's project. That's why people say things like Segwit when they refer to the github projects, which are separate from the original project, including the updates therein. Holy shit. Do you have anything better to do? If you don't understand what I'm saying look up patent laws on I.P and programs alike. Those are the dividing lines. Stop talking out of your ass with every post you send to me. As for the lightning network, it is an unnecessary liability to solve a problem that bitcoin itself already solves. It also creates the possibility for certain types of attack that are not possible on the Satoshi version of the Bitcoin project. The only people who want it are people who don't understand the technology in my opinion, and that is being generous because if they DID understand the technology it would qualify as blatantly malicious behavior. If you want your own coin, start your own coin. But just because you are calling something "bitcoin" doesn't mean it is the genuine article, only certain things qualify - those things being the coins, wallets, nodes, block and mining functions from the 2009 release of the Satoshi Bitcoin project blockchain, and the original Bitcoin source code, which "coined" the terminology. And before you go complaining about a "special club" thats fucking right it's a special club, not many people were interested or understood this technology at the time and the people who are getting into it today, much like you, seem to think it operates like a pyramid scheme when that is not the function of the original product and never will be.
@_date: 2018-01-08 20:47:11
sorry i am not good at the reddit formatting :(
@_date: 2018-01-31 15:29:33
Eth is a shitcoin that will be killed by a single hacker on a single computer, mark my words, set a reddit alert, I don't give a shit - it's not news. It's a turing complete appcoin. It is going to get exploited by any teenager who has the time when they see the value in it. On top of this, Bitcoin might as well appear on the Flag of the United states as far as you're concerned.
@_date: 2018-01-27 21:09:10
company coins already exist, and bitcoin was the first company. [now pay me]
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:44:29
it's a got damn hurrican
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:45:41
... There are certain people who stick to cars without computers in them, use public places for modern computer needs - don't do electronic entertainment at home, don't do electronic banking etc, for just this reason. It seems paranoid at first glance but upon closer inspection of what they are capable of when it comes to spying, it makes some sense on a practical level. If you are truly concerned that they will target you for theft, regardless of the law or due to their policy, some precautions may become necessary. That said, I wouldn't be surprised if every computer that has operating software has some version of these.
@_date: 2017-12-28 12:07:49
you underestimate the amount of bitcoin some people have
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:39:20
very funny, not what I meant. I am no programmer, but operating software is complex enough a medium on a personal computer that once it's in play most people don't look too deep into how it's running. Even open sourced operating systems, when they grow complex enough, aren't always showing their capabilities *clearly*. A combination of clever use of the mechanics of a program, or sloppy programming in and of itself, is enough to open capability to send information you don't want sent without you knowing about it, at least for a while.
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:17:31
send more at a time, bitcoin is not meant for small transactions it is made with the utmost security in mind. Security comes at a cost. Microtransactions have never been ideal and 50 compared to 15,000 is... negligible. You're complaint is the equivalent of trying to transfer 1 quarter from bank account to bank account when the fee is like a flat 1.25. Sure, 1.25 may not be what you want to pay but it by no means high. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:43:26
right my mistake, i misunderstood your meaning
@_date: 2017-12-17 17:03:53
taking a q from the best of em'
@_date: 2017-12-13 13:40:37
only if the majority of nodes agree which they will **not ever** do, and such a disagreement would result in a different "coin" due to the separate branch, so in short, no "bitcoin" will not inflate.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:44:04
I misunderstood this precise meaning in my earlier response. I meant they would not agree to inflation.
@_date: 2017-12-13 13:28:19
mathematically it was worked out during the creation of bitcoin that if it were to grow large enough to replace the dollar, a satoshi would have to have a similar value to a dollar had in 2009, or at least, to change - and that was kept in mind, not an actual whole bitcoin vs a whole dollar like many people believe. That said, it's meant to be a deflationary currency, like holding cars in a garage or plots of land, or stores of pharmaceuticals, armories, missiles, nuclear devices, etc. Things like these examples and other large assets in that same class - well into the 100,000$ range, often higher. Actually, it is my personal belief given the security of bitcoin that the value is "the value of a secret" because as of now, outside of things the military might be keeping secret it is the most secure banking format in existence. (Of course, there is the possibility that with back doors being put in on contracts with the electronics companies and mass surveillance there is no such thing as security at all besides what you can hold with your hands and defend with a gun, in such a case any form of money has no value at all besides theoretically.) That could always change at some point in the future - but when it does, it will be apparent, and it won't negate the value of bitcoin it will simply adjust it to be more in line with who has access to that technology and who doesn't - it will still be more valuable than anything without a physical presence. (digital money, bank data on who owns what, etc.)
Cash is king. Bitcoin is the best alternative. Bitcoin is the best if you don't believe the government can steal it with illegal surveillance. If you don't believe that you may be retarded.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:37:10
when he said that my mind jumped to increasing the bitcoin total mine-able amount by decimal points, not increasing the number of separations for some reason. It was early in the morning for me. 
@_date: 2016-05-23 01:35:56
WTT: 15$ papa john's giftcard for dominos card! (because I have a papa johns card but there is only a dominos nearby that takes gift cards.)
@_date: 2016-07-29 02:51:24
The service I used is someone else's, (tablo) the final products will be hosted on our own, and they will be similary equipped as I like the model they use a lot. I will keep in mind the ability to do research while you read - and I like the idea of the community vote as well. I will keep that stuff in mind. Thank you! 
@_date: 2016-07-13 14:40:08
Interesting seeing as the chosen alias of it's maker is a Japanese name.
@_date: 2016-07-25 12:09:21
 a link to the temporary site
@_date: 2016-07-06 11:12:03
This is like saying money in banks is not your money. How about these pieces of shit stop stealing shit? I agree for safety reasons, but I'm also the kind of guy who doesn't use banks.