@_author: rizzian
@_date: 2014-02-16 19:15:34
Thanks again for the insight.
I guess that's what I'm getting at is this: You have this massive amount of junk transactions happening that the automated systems watching the blockchain have been seeing since October. They're so small that they're dismissed out of hand as nothing more serious than spam.
There's obviously some reason it's happening, and on such a massive scale. Someone is using this to accomplish something, and if it seems like an awful lot work for nothing more than teh lulz.
I'm wondering if there's any way -- not even the way I've sketched in, for that matter -- that this could be used to confuse or cover up bigger transactions? Or perhaps to obscure some other kind of information.
For instance, what's happening with these transactions between the time they're sent until they finally fail? Is there some way to use those failed transactions to communicate something else? What if it has nothing to do with Bitcoin per se, and is simply using the protocol to transmit some other information?
These may be a dumb, completely ignorant questions -- they probably are -- but most of the explanations I've heard about this really don't seem to be home runs.
@_date: 2014-02-16 17:39:34
I see. Is there any way a client-side program like dust-b-gone could be used to take a bunch of these payments and make them pay out at a reasonable rate? I'm just trying to think of any possible way a huge amount of very tiny payment most parts of the block chain would ignore could be used to mask very large payments in a swarm of meaningless ones.
@_date: 2014-02-16 17:18:38
Right. But what if there were enough of these small transactions getting confirmed by random miners or other parts of the block chain to mask the movement of massive amounts of bitcoin at such small levels? Would that be easily visible? What if there were a lot of very small transactions of this size happening? Could we see it with the current level of spam transactions?
@_date: 2014-02-16 17:46:07
I'm getting tripped up on the terminology, clearly. What I'm getting at here is: If there are a bunch of really small transactions happening, at a size most people watching the blockchain would ignore as meaningless, would sending out a bunch of spam-looking requests that are also small enough to be ignored help to mask it?