@_author: rkagerer
@_date: 2018-01-10 07:44:33
Guys, Bitbills were the VERY FIRST physical bitcoins.  They predate Casascius coins (which are rare these days and generally sell for several times their face value if in mint condition), and maybe even widespread use of paper wallets.
Not to mention in addition to denominated value of an unspent bill, there's all the forked coins on them as well (Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Gold, etc) which right now make it worth about a 20% premium at least.
It's no wonder that even though they shut down printing operations in 2012, the creators Doug and Ben emerged from silence late last year to email past customers to gauge whether they'd be interested in a mail-in redemption service.
Personally I would hold onto your Bitbill, on the off chance that it might one day be valuable enough for a museum to acquire.  Only thing to be wary of is whether the paper / ink are fading over time (e.g. if you've left it in the sun).
@_date: 2017-01-12 10:21:27
It sounds like they were either hacked, suffered a serious technical foul-up, or there was fraud.
I had funds in the exchange and have been nagging Newnote repeatedly since it occurred.  Intermittently they respond, and generally just blow me off.  If you read their [ToS]( there's some verbiage that (if upheld) seems to indicate a 12-month "limitation period" on any claims - the deadline for which is rapidly approaching.  Possible they're trying to lay low in hopes the majority of users don't do anything about it.
I've been talking to a local lawyer about options.  I'd be interested in connecting with anyone else who already has claims against them, or might be interested in pursuing legal avenues.  Reply here, or PM me.  If you don't have a Reddit account, you can temporarily reach me at cointraderclassaction001 (for the next month that will forward to my real email address).
@_date: 2017-09-12 20:22:53
This is where we all check our crystal balls.
My two cents:  An immediate drop once "official" news is out (weaklings panic).  Possibly short-lived, then another more prolonged bear period when exchanges actually start dropping offline (it'll cut out a lot of buyers from China until they find workarounds), followed by a recovery.
There could be an up-blip on Chinese exchanges if locals rush to turn their existing cash assets into crypto to get it out of the country.  At the very least I think it will become more difficult for Chinese to convert between CNY fiat and crypto.
I'm curious to see just how far this "ban" goes (pausing fiat order books vs. shuttering exchanges entirely) and how government officials propose to carry out an orderly dismantling.  Local authorities might have some leeway in how they enforce the directives and any penalties.  They might make exchanges completely suspend some/all order books, or even dismantle some of them entirely (although I'd be surprised if they go that far - the exchanges will bend over backwards to stay compliant and operational).  WhalePanda thinks China will introduce its own Tether-like token ( and I've even seen speculation that PBoC's working on its own virtual currency to have better control over compliance and outflows.
I suspect the advance leak was intentional to a) gauge market reaction while they finalize the draft directives and b) temper the response and try to minimize "flash crash" effects of the news.
Obviously this is all just speculation; I'm sure people will disagree and criticize me.  Hope it's helpful.
@_date: 2017-05-10 08:09:04
Great question.  Did you ever figure it out?  I've been digging through the SEC website as well and for the life of me can't figure out where to go to submit comments this time 'round.
According to the [review order]( the deadline for comments is May 15.  Does anyone have a reliable date as to when the outcome of the review (i.e. the decision) will become publicly available?  I noticed some news sites have reported May 15 for this but I think they are simply confusing the comment period deadline with decision deadline.
I also noticed the comments I submitted in March for the original ruling (which the SEC acknowledged receiving) are not listed with everyone else's on that page you linked.  Hmm.
@_date: 2017-06-16 20:59:47
Hi vercasso, that's interesting.  I PM'd you; please reach out to me via email (I don't frequent Reddit that often).