@_author: rkba
@_date: 2014-02-26 23:19:46
I wonder if the people who lost bitcoins on Mt. Gox would agree?
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:24:13
But my question was what happens to bitcoin in that event?  This is the only thing preventing me from investing some money in bitcoin. Seriously. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 02:47:57
No, but your access to it from any given country, such as the USA, could be restricted or shut down. It shouldn't be too much of a problem for the government to block access to all known bitcoin servers/websites if Bitcoin threatens the Federal Reserve Note. 
Haven't you heard about the Internet "Kill Switch" the government has supposedly put in place?
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:11:42
Theoretically. Besides, I live way out in the country in a little green valley in between two mountain ranges where there is no cell phone coverage of any kind (except satellite) and no radio reception. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:19:06
I didn't say bitcoin is a hot air balloon, my only assertion is that it takes quite a high level of technology to use bitcoin. For example, what happens to bitcoin if we get hit with a high intensity CME or (worst case) nuclear war and high altitude nuc's destroy much of our infrastructure -- including electric power distribution lines and Internet?
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:02:52
That's what they thought in 1933. Personally most of my investments are in physical silver (and some gold) held in an insured depository outside the banking system.        
[Executive Order 6102](      
There *is* however a shortage of silver. The US Mint is out of silver eagles and premiums for physical silver (as opposed to paper silver ETFs) are on the rise.      
Incidentally, [Utah has legalized gold and silver coins as currency]( and the US Constitution stipulates gold and silver as the *only* legal currency -- not that anyone cares about that "*just a damn piece of paper*" (to quote George Bush junior) anymore, even though all presidents and government employees (hypocrites all) swear to uphold and defend the Constitution against all enemies foreign and domestic. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 05:41:19
I'm curious why everyone seems to think the Internet will continue to be widely available if the economy gets bad enough for the government to nationalize gold?     
My main problem with bitcoins is that they require a huge computing network and Internet availability. What happens to the value of bitcoins if the Internet is "regulated" by the federal government, or even shut down completely. Already there has been talk of government censorship and making encryption illegal (at least in the UK). 
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:08:23
The elites and our prostitute politicians already have "special" privileges. What's to stop them from restricting Internet access to the public while retaining full access for the elite?
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:13:29
I live far out in the country away from any city with a year around creek flowing past my backyard and plan on bugging in.  
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:48:41
I only have enough debt based fiat currency (notice I do not call it money) to pay my bills for about six months. Most of my savings resides as physical silver and gold bullion in a depository outside the banking system. I can carry gold and silver in my pocket and exchange it for goods and services almost anywhere in the world.         
The US *could* however shut down or severely restrict Internet access to those inside US borders.         
I'm expecting a collapse in the perceived value of US fiat currency (and all fiat currencies for that matter) in the not too distant future because our debt to GDP ratio is approaching 100%. Essentially fiat currency has allowed governments worldwide, including the USA, to spend more than their income for many years and sooner or later it will come back to bite us in the ass and create much greater havoc that the Great Depression of the late 20's and 30's did.      
I was hoping bitcoin might have some sort of contingency plan or workaround for this situation. 
@_date: 2015-07-16 05:18:16


And I, Mr. Storekeeper would reply: "Damn Right!"
"I'll be happy to take that ounce of gold for a can of beans". 
"I might even sell you some antiseptic and cortisone for that arm for another ounce of the shiny yellow metal, but the toilet paper costs two ounces of gold per roll, just because I like shiny things, har, har, har".  
Because Mr. Shopkeeper knew that he could buy a hell of a lot more than beans with that ounce of gold through the new gold/silver black-market that was heating up.
I once asked an Indian friend why he always wore a gold necklace. He said it was because someday he might be in a situation where he needed to trade one link of that gold chain for a loaf of bread; ie, and it might save him from starvation. That's how widespread the value of gold is from someone with a less parochial view. 
P.S. It would be very foolish for the shopkeeper to ask you to pay for food with food. As for the women, I suppose it depends on a lot of things. It would be a "golden" opportunity for the Shopkeeper to accumulate lots of gold cheaply in exchange for the hoard of supplies Mr. Shopkeeper (me) has acquired prior to TSHTF. Gold and silver aren't the only things I stockpile. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:29:54
No, but they could restrict access to us plebs. 
@_date: 2015-07-13 23:28:57
It may not require the DNS system to function, but it *does* require a lot of extensive infrastructure for even the "dark net" to operate. 
@_date: 2015-07-15 05:39:49
And I could trade with silver, gold, or whatever else I might have that other people need, but your bitcoins would be inaccessible. 
@_date: 2015-07-16 23:01:07


You will be by the time this year is over. 
I agree that gold/silver wouldn't be valuable to starving people, but eventually when people get tired of bartering, they will find something tangible to use as money, and historically that medium has (almost) always been gold and silver -- on the other hand, the Yap Islander's use [hollowed out stones as money]( 
@_date: 2015-07-15 06:12:03
Yes, of course I stockpile all the things you mentioned and many more because those things are important and have value -- even more so than gold/silver would initially, but gold and silver have been the conventional means of trade throughout history since the Roman Empire, and probably before, because it is much more convenient than barter. The big advantage of difficult to mine precious metals is that the narcissistic, self-centered, sociopathic puppets who call themselves politicians (all the way from the President, Congress, Senate, and even down to the scum in the Supreme Court) cannot create gold and silver (or anything else of value) from thin air or printing presses.   
No, the truth is that governments like to debase their currency and even coins as much as possible in order to avoid using expensive silver. That's why the coins in your pocket are now made of a cheap alloy of copper and nickel called cupronickel instead of silver, and their are no gold coins at all anymore. Sure, next August when the US Mint gets resupplied you should be able to  buy Silver Eagles with the bogus value of $1 stamped on them, but no one would actually buy a one dollar item with a Silver Eagle because it's *value* is much higher than that and so they are never used in trade as money. Gold and silver have always been valued for their physical properties and that is why they always retain value. Historically gold and silver were valued because they could be used to create beautiful sculptures and jewelry and Gold especially is still highly prized for those attributes in India and most other places. You can walk into a jewelers shop or pawn shop almost anywhere in the world and exchange your gold or silver for the local paper fiat currency. Those are some reasons people would want to have silver and gold. 
Fiat paper and digital dollars are *currency*. Gold and silver are *money*. 
@_date: 2013-02-27 11:37:26


And [what if it isn't?](