@_author: rkvinyl
@_date: 2019-06-10 15:14:21
Though the percentage of renewable energy might be a good sounding argument at first, the total power consumption of the bitcoin network is still way to high. The bitcoin network was using 22 Twh in 2017, while Google was using just 5.7 Twh in the same year. Considering difficulty, an increasing number of new miners and the fact that limiting the effects climate change is not just using renewable energy sources but also opting for LESS power consumption, this news isn't that great as it may seem first hand.
Edit: a word.
@_date: 2019-09-19 16:03:40
As you seem to be a long time member of this sub...do you know other/better reddit communities?! Like to hear your opinion...
@_date: 2019-09-18 11:09:33
More like $53.15 billion, but still a ridiculous amount of money for such an action that isn't required given the state of other problems the world is facing. Eat the rich!
@_date: 2018-07-25 13:44:51
@_date: 2019-09-14 11:39:38
Reuters mainly just report without speculating much. They try to be as unbiased as possible
@_date: 2019-05-21 07:04:12
Hi Rene,
I think your video is a good starting point for further debate. Even if I agree with you on some points, I disagree with you on some points also.
First of all, based on the video history of kurzgesagt, I claim that it tries to explain complex issues to a broad audience. The content shown in such a potential video would therefore be absolutely superficial, since it still takes a lot of effort to understand Bitcoin and Blockchain. I'm not talking here about interested users who deal with it in detail, but about the average everyday person. 
1. you demand more selectivity from this Youtube channel when rating Bitcoin. Then you also have to indicate in the title that you are a Lightning Developer and not just hide it somewhere in the description. I can understand the reason for this, but unfortunately it gives the video a bland aftertaste of clickbait.
2. referring to their first criticism about the slow speed: I suspect that the channel refers to the relatively slow TPS. Even if I have to confess that the way of expression is not chosen very well.
3 Why do you show a transaction from Lightning as your counterargument to slow TPS when it's all about Bitcoin?
4. referring to the argument that creating an account is easy: that may be if you're safe with computers, but there are many people out there for whom Bitcoin is not applicable in theory let alone in practice because the entry hurdle for the average citizen is still high.
5. referring to the channel's argument that Bitcoin is vulnerable to attack: just because other payment methods have their own specific attack scenarios, Bitcoin does not make them more secure. Yes, conventional bank accounts are also susceptible to theft. In contrast to FIAT money, Bitcoin has no contact person in the event of theft and no right to get it back. This stands in the way of a mass implementation in any case. Your criticism has something of whataboutism in this point.
6. the similar statements can be made to your argument that currencies of smaller states are not yet widely distributed. State currencies are interoperable.
7. more people use Bitcoin than Norwegian krone? That may be true, but it ignores the value of the Norwegian krone in the economy. Norway has one of the largest generation finds of its kind, which is exclusively tied to one nation. This one nation has the Norwegian krone as its own currency.
8) Bitcoin's inherent value generation is useless if it is not outwardly related.
9. referring to the energy problem: once again, it feels like whataboutism. The power consumption of the Bitcoin network is high in terms of consumption per unit, so in the case of Bitcoin a transaction. The energy consumed for this is out of proportion to the purpose. This is not just mainstream media coverage, it is found in literature for this subject, ass you will know. Of course, other institutions also consume a lot of electricity. However, since Bitcoin wants to be part of the solution to the problems of the future, this problem must be solved fundamentally. A comparison with institutions such as courts is therefore unnecessary. In the case of a mass implementation of Bitcoin, the potential energy consumption at the present time would be immense.
Finally my general criticism: as long as no large viable application models can be produced in practice, Bitcoin, like blockchain technology in general, will continue to be a shadowy existence. In general, I have the feeling that you are making a lot of right points in the video, but that you want to push the technology through without realizing the actual problems of each potential application area. In general, there is no point in introducing a technology just for the sake of the principle, without accepting that in most industries the problem needs more individual solutions than the Bitcoin or Blockchain can currently provide.
I hope that you have a great time and I'm looking forward to new videos from you.