@_author: rlflack
@_date: 2015-07-18 19:13:54
Whilst this video is meant to demonstrate an effortless interaction, the customer clearly had prior experience of the user interface. 
The UX seems misleading and confused. It presumes a level of familiarity most users do not have. 
In the bitcoin ecosystem, the use of the word 'ATM' itself is misleading and unhelpful even in a metaphorical sense, since there is no 'withdrawal' of funds, UTXOs persist on the blockchain and in no circumstance does an ATM involve a deposit of cash/exchange. 
It is important to pay attention to these nuances in designing pieces of the bitcoin architecture as they are responsible for educating the consumer about the fundamental properties of a nascent technology.
I would suggest that the typical user who was knowledgable enough to install a wallet on a smartphone and scan a 'receiving' QR code could just as easily purchase bitcoin with fiat online without use of a physical machine. 
The utility in this machine would be realised if, for example, it could exchange fiat and propagate a transaction from Alice (present at machine) to Bob (not at machine), seamlessly. Alice, say, being a Philippine worker in Hong Kong, Bob being a family member. 
Any constituent part of bitcoin infrastructure should assume a complete absence of knowledge on the part of the consumer of the bitcoin protocol, bitcoin wallets, ATMs or the traditional banking system.
Bitcoin has a long way to go in refining the design metaphors it uses to properly convey its utility. Unfortunately, referring to artefacts from legacy banking innovations such as ATMs is contrived and just won't cut it.
@_date: 2015-07-18 21:36:28
I am not disputing the ineptitude of the legacy banking system in promoting poor terminology and weak design! I can see the value though in referring to an automatic teller machine to mean an automated system that performs the function of a bank teller (i.e. a cashier) when customers were making the transition from dealing with human beings to holes in the wall, and at the time such machines were introduced, the ATM nomenclature would have made sense. However, where there is no existing 'balance' or 'fund' to draw from, and no 'withdrawal' of funds, the ATM analogy (let's assume for these purposes the analogy is the acronym ATM rather than the 'automated teller machine') makes no sense other than to say it is a physical machine that has to do with money. 'Automatic Bitcoin Bureaux de Change' would be better. I would disagree that it helps people understand what the machine does or what bitcoin is. The chief goal of early stage machines such as this should be to properly introduce the essences of the new technology.
Whether 'vending machine' is appropriate is a question of whether one views bitcoin as a means of exchange or a store of value, a moot point but I think there are better analogies to be found.
Interface features such as the lack of a physical PIN input keypad, the lack of functions such as checking one's balance and the lack of physical withdrawal from the machine conspire to mean the ATM analogy is not all that helpful. A bitcoin ATM as seen in the video is more analogous to a 'bitcoin wallet' which is capable of generating transactions based on inputs from other transactions occurring on the network. 
The metaphor of language, messaging and email is much more helpful and approachable. To take one example: imagine if the interaction with such a machine consisted simply of a Skype based video chat between Alice (Philippine maid in Hong Kong) and Bob (Son/Husband/Father) who was operating an identical machine such that they could speak in real time and the insertion of an amount of local currency by either of them would form the basis of a bitcoin transaction transmitted seamlessly across the network (manifesting itself as local currency withdrawn from the other machine) without reference to a bitcoin wallet or QR code. 
@_date: 2015-07-30 19:47:54
the guy at the start is an idiot, you would have thought he would have learnt his introductory remarks off by heart.