@_author: rlsethekraken
@_date: 2019-12-16 15:09:26
Bitcoin has a reputation of attracting idiotic speculators, who think more about being rich on our backs than actually helping.
Slow down money transfer, waste vast amount of energy, restrict capital flow in the hand of a few, 1 entity owns 1/20th of ALL supply and doesn't respond to any civilian control body, causing an enormous breach of fiduciary duty for any money manager, signal-trading volatily all year long everyday...
Dude what's not to like, 5 years moon for sure :D If you can't see the long squeeze by now, there's no use trying to save you anymore. Sure dude, buy more bitcoin and watch as the gov hesitate between crushing you and ignoring you when you lose everything :(
@_date: 2019-12-28 15:31:18
You also miss several points:
* Anyone can enter government: it's not a nobility you access by birth. Furthermore, after every revolution a new government appears, having the same responsibilities, weaknesses and tools
* Government follow the electorate general mood, if not every individual anarchist redditor's command
* Compliance is not made to tighten their grip on your savings: they can just inflate the currency for that. No they do that truly to avoid criminality. You can disagree and express your disagreement by vote on the definition of criminality, but I work in a large intl bank, we WANT compliance, we LIKE anti money laundering and KYC, and we're tired as fuck of all the corrupts trying to use us to rob their clients/electors/victims. I gave friends' names to my manager when they contacted me to hide money.
* The insanity of the compliance burden comes from the nature of group decisions: it is easy to fast track an urgent anti laundering law after a scandal and extremely costly to remove one once the threat has gone or changed - so we keep increasing the burden until someone is brave enough to clean up politically. It's not only finance even.
@_date: 2019-12-16 12:46:36
Dude, you're dreaming. There's nothing revolutionary about Bitcoin. It's just, at best, a currency.
Tell me how you'll manage a population willingly without a currency, maybe I'd tell you you're ready for a revolution, but whining your currency inflate and you found a rare resource you can transact faster than metal, dude, so what ?
Life isn't about revolutionizing central banking, it's about raising your children, helping your community and doing more good than bad overall. If you stopped thinking a bit about your wallet survival, and looked around, maybe you could do something useful :P
@_date: 2019-12-16 13:02:56
In a deflationary world, people refuse to take risks, why would they ? Their money keep being worth more every day, better do nothing than lend it to a risk taker and lose it.
See bitcoin, 64% never moving around, sleeping in wallets. Imagine now everyone doing that with the USD because goods and salary are decreasing (deflation). You'd have this elite of lazies partying at the end of the world, while the rest struggles and curses at earning less and less.
Inflation, controlled and balanced, works. Deflation, especially not controlled easily (go control bitcoin mental valuation), is not my dream world. At least the lazies currently have to take risks, work and can lose it all. Imagine if the best way to get rich was to WAIT :D
@_date: 2019-12-17 05:14:14
If nobody wants to buy at current price, price drops.
If a lot of people want to sell now, whatever the price, price drops.
If you want the price to rise, please place large buy orders at a high price.
@_date: 2019-12-18 10:10:16
But I can't get it as a salary, can't exchange it in my bank, can't store it with the rest of my money, can't use it in stores, and it dropped 50% in 6 months, after a 500% spike the 6-month period before.
How is that hard, global, reserve, currency, store or valuable ? Each of these word is nonsensical tied to bitcoin...
@_date: 2019-12-17 16:03:50
You're oversimplifying. Inflation is a tax by the government to fund the spending the lot of us whine and cry to get them to do. And it doesn't require them to get a vote in congress, just vote for the program, say it cant be funded and voila, the people have their money without paying more visible taxes, the congressmen didn't have to tell anyone there'd be a tax for their shit and the central bank can continue making the USA work. For 4% per year.
I come from Europe, we have 1% inflation because we can't stand each other enough to allow the ECB to cheat to fund socialist programs. In the end, we can't over inflate and people save and... well the presidents have to tell us we need to pay taxes, then the idiots put a yellow vest and yell at the sky, and then we reduce socialist program and the train drivers put a yellow vest and yell at the sky.
Put bitcoin in the economy, you'd have 20% savers mass murdered by the 80% whiners, with no way to calm them down by inflation :D
@_date: 2019-12-11 15:41:26
Don't buy that shit, you're a minor with barely anything to your name, it's too risky.
Ask your parents, tell them you want to save, they might help you better than a sub full of sharks trying to sell their position.
Do not reply to PM proposing to sell over WeChat.
@_date: 2019-12-31 02:43:12
Absolutely, but imagine THE SAVINGS.
You could imagine, for a fraction of the cost of the current network to build a police, a justice system and maybe a small army. Let's imagine all those chinese manning the ASIC farms and the coal mines repurposed for example.
But sure, you're right: bitcoin's strength is in its ability to generate value without trust, but it's weakness is there's no way to properly balance: every asshole and his grandmom can enter the network and consume sufficient amount of energy to break even at current price, and price seem to be commensurate with electricity cost. When does it stop in your opinion ? I remind you that it doesn't scale at all so the only benefit between 2000 nodes and 4000 nodes is you feel a bit safer. And between 2000 and 2M nodes ?
@_date: 2019-12-18 13:51:27
I would be fine if people just wanted to transact better with it. As soon as the goal is to HODL to get rich, then yeah sorry, it's a get rich scheme. Rich slow maybe, but rich nonetheless.
Bitcoin is super important as a scarecrow for over inflationists, maybe. But stop telling us we care about security of ledgers, this was never the problem in banking. We care about honesty in deal making, like 1MDB, the greece default, the big mortgage shuffle in the US to create subprime loans, etc. Bitcoin does nothing about it, in fact many new bitcoin companies are still dishonest, and that should horrify you just as much.
My random baseless prediction for bitcoin is that it will crash close to 0, limp along for a long while, and have some echo resurgence during periods of crisis, without ever reaching its current monstrous energy wastage.
@_date: 2019-12-18 12:55:46
What ? So you think the tweets of Trump, which have massive market impacts, or the British electorate decision, or the oil factories attacks, etc can be predicted by looking at past patterns ?
I mean sure everything is the effect of a cause, but that doesn't mean there's visible repeating patterns to every effect, or the world would be so much easier to deal with: we could just play at bitcoin instead of debating, arguing, raising children, reading books and proposing multi-variable models with caveats they can't possibly simplify nature completely...
Read this, it explains well why while things follow a visible path from cause to effect, the prediction of future states of an entire system is impossible because only little details in the cause have massive impacts on the effect (so can't make a simple model by just looking):  [
It even explain why, yes you can predict the weather next friday, but not NEXT YEAR. How could you possibly use that analogy when you KNOW we can't predict the weather accurately at all over more than 5 days :D


@_date: 2019-12-16 15:00:23
And if you want to take a loan, for your house or to create a company, you ask jobs4bitcoins too ?
Do you guys understand a bank is not ONLY doing your tiny retail website storing your 200USD ...
@_date: 2019-12-17 05:11:04
It's nothing compared to the btc over valuation shitshow, tho.
@_date: 2019-12-18 08:34:30
It's so crazy how those perverts are popping up everywhere trying to show their peepee to girls :D
As if gender identity in the toilets was the biggest issue a transgender had to deal with day to day. And as if they couldn't just go to one toilet without forcing the entire company to mingle, it's just weird that guy absolutely wanted it.
@_date: 2019-12-19 12:00:20
Because that's not true, better make money now before the final crash, than store large amount we have a high chance of losing.
Imagine if by pumping and dumping you retain same amount of btc but produce some fiat, wouldn't you end up better if all goes well, and a thousand times better if all goes wrong ? I don't see the downside tbh, especially with the holders keeping their stash until the utopia arrives, creating an overpricing.
@_date: 2019-12-18 13:41:26
I recycle alts because I troll too much... :p
@_date: 2019-12-24 13:39:14
This is not true. 
First money laundering via banks is extremely hard, all banks are monitored even if they wanted the headache to deal with this crap. Hell I work in a bank and we can't even gift a Moon Cake on Chinese New Year to clients for fear we'll be accused of doing kick backs.
Second, the gov does NOT look away, where I come from one of our minister, the minister of budget of all people, had an account in Switzerland to pay for an electoral campaign that he then moved to Singapore. Switzerland gladly gave us all info (but only once we asked, threatened to twist their arm, in the middle of a UBS trial), the guy is in jail, and nobody looked away once known. 
Sure things aren't perfect and we still have criminals, but saying the banks and the gov organize criminality is idiotic. And nobody is being spied on, it's just that if you start transfering millions via SWIFT, this will be signaled. So that at least they need to go to Switzerland by foot with a suitcase full of cash.
And finally, guess what, the country we always come back to, Switzerland, is the one "without the spying", with the full anonymity etc. This creates more criminality than any KYC compliance thing. I don't get your point.
@_date: 2019-12-31 01:52:41
It is a cult dude. Imagine that they sell you a reverse scaling "technology" (a distributed linkedlist with non scalable competition to push to head - the more you add computers the more it cost and it changes nothing at all to performance) like it's the second coming of Jesus, while if just one frigging computer was doing all the mining, the entire network would cost nothing and perform just as well :D
Like, did the criminals finally got good at marketing or something ahaha I don't see why the craze.
@_date: 2019-12-16 12:54:04
Inflation is the youth stealing from the landlords and rent makers. Hardly a shocking horrible thing. It's a slow theft forcing people to re-productivize their stuff, or participate more regularly in society (as in: old money isn't as good as fresh money, so don't sleep for too long and go back to work).
The only censorship when it comes to sending money is in relation to criminality. That's ALL. I can send money to YOU from my bank in China. Nobody will give a fuck, just in case you're weird, ask a few questions, and basta.
In what dream world do you leave ? Where do your paranoid fear come from ? Are you one of those free citizens of america who refuse to show their driving licenses ? :D
@_date: 2019-12-15 13:49:48
You could argue that bitcoin was built on top of a technology, blockchain. The idea behind a decentralized trust network consuming vast amount of energy will stay, but we might see more efficient applications using it later.
I think the mistake we're making is using it for "investment", "digital assets", "money" or "currency". All this doesn't benefit much from the blockchain tech, a database in a bank is vastly cheaper, scale to much larger quantities, and require a relatively small justice system and police enforcement to stay honest - relative to the gain made compared to having the entire thing on a global blockchain and the risk created by the lack of enforcement of local laws or reversion of transactions in case of mistake or robbery.
@_date: 2019-12-11 16:39:59
And diversify. If you hold in stock, bond, fiat, btc and precious metal, you have a store of value, since they all rise and fall relative to each other. 
Don't just HODL bitcoin, you expose yourself only to cripto risk, for the hope to only get crypto gain. Why not be on the opposite trade as well and rebalance regularly to buy low, sell high when price fluctuate above a proportion of the portfolio ?
@_date: 2019-12-28 02:55:23
You said the dollar got weaker, maybe even implying because of bitcoin, I'm telling you since 2011 it became extremely overpriced, by any metric you can use:
If I try to buy USD using Silver, I get less USD now than I got when bitcoin started. If I use cancer drugs to buy USD, I get less USD now than I got in 2011. The price increase in the US is due to inflation of prices, as in, companies charge more because they pay more salaries. Product are actually easier to import if you don't use american workforce (most products aren't made in america or by americans). But the currency man, it exploded. The US stopped printing years ago, just as everyone else started. So it's the most valuable fiat around.
Therefore OP is wrong: it's not because the USD is weak that the gov is taking care of it. It's because people use it to derelict their duty.
We individuals can revert to what it was in the 60s, but no more democratization of the desert, no more protection of Mexico, no more taking care of China... That's a choice it seems society isn't ready to make as people keep voting for spenders. 
As for the big companies, please make them pay more indeed, so we can compete on taxes with the US elsewhere and can get all those companies home. Where I come from they pay a lot and they all move to Delaware or Ireland to avoid paying.
@_date: 2019-12-16 15:17:59
Given the opportunity to short it, not a small thing ! You can now make quick long squeeze during over pricing, making bitcoin a tad more honestly priced.
Else we'd be in constant hipster hype, trying to lie to rise up the price and make a buck. Now we can actually also criticize the pricing and make a buck.
@_date: 2019-12-13 13:42:21
Dude come on with the Tapie affair. It's a complex mutli angle decades-old affair, of the sales of Adidas to a french bank, Credit Lyonais, which ended with Tapie in jail, and credit lyonais scamming him. He got back the money, the left got butthurt, Largarde has very little to do with this crap.
@_date: 2019-12-18 12:35:30
Who's running the nuclear power plant required for each transaction to be validated ? Who is building the infra that allows those exahashes/s ? It's our good friends China, too happy to transform excess electricity into taxable foreign currencies.
I don't see how "self-sovereignty", which I guess means anarchy, can sustain bitcoin without an enormous central power building all the infra it's based upon, but maybe you have a cheaper, truly decentralized alternative to bitcoin ?
BTW you missed Algeria, a very promising movement.
@_date: 2019-12-17 15:21:48
But why would they care ? It's not like it has any use :D
@_date: 2019-12-27 20:05:05
The dollar went up all year long... Trump has been whining and kicking all his tenure for a weak dollar and higher inflation so he can build walls, spend more, pay back debt and basically do all the tax things while pretending to lower taxes. The gov WANTS a weak dollar, they just can't seem to convince us to buy euros or yuan or yen instead for now. In fact today was the first day the Euro is finally raising a bit and the dollar dropping a bit. I'm long euro, short USD, have been for 5 years, you have no idea the suffering. The USD is way too strong.
The govs (and therefore all of us) are starting to look at bitcoin because of tax evasion. Stocks are registered and profit easy to track and tax. It's ALREADY regulated, heavily. OP is totally wrong in saying the gov isn't looking, they've been looking since 1930.
Now bitcoin appears, promise people to store some value for a while, transfer it around, sell for more later, all without tax ? Sound like a nice way not to pay your share of the burden of the social programs (road, police, democracy in afghanistan, teaching China who has the biggest by reimbursing US soy farmers, protect Mexico with a wall, etc): time to regulate.
Pretty standard, that's why we build and finance our governments after all.
@_date: 2019-12-21 16:06:33
Sorry but you pay 20% not because you were stupid to do KYC but because you did your duty and obeyed the capital tax law of your country. Imagine all people taking risks on the stock market, being rewarded for the risk and paying taxes on it while you don't ? That can't last, I think you know that.
And you don't save by buying a highly volatile speculative asset. You basically hope moon and fear crater, you're not saving for your next car or your retirement. You speculate and hope to avoid taxes on gain.
For me there should be no capital gains tax so I moved to a place where there are none. However there's a tradeoff, it's a stricter dictatorship, a harder life sometimes, and no nanny state. And I religiously obey their tax laws. These ATM will be outlawed eventually, if they don't take pictures of the traders at the very least.
@_date: 2019-12-17 05:19:12
Is this a prophetic religion now ? If it doesnt rise will you take the head of the fed hostage, or group suicide ?? :D
@_date: 2019-12-19 11:37:29
I don't know, what's the return on the investment, prospect of salary rise, current salary, pre-existing assets, spouse support capacity ?
Most people try to be positive on a mortgage, many of my friends buy flats for a cheap fixed rate and rent for an increasing amount, yielding positive after a few years while living frugaly in the meantime. This is why debt is pretty good.
To tell you the truth, my dad has a business and told me he prefers to be constantly in cheap debt (for renovation, innovation, marketing) and collect a quick return constantly than holding cash or hard assets that don't produce value for him.
Personally I keep half in cash, the rest in tax-free funds and stock holdings (I live in a place where we don't tax investment products whatsoever), and dollar average. I spend 20% of my pre-tax salary on stock market investment, the rest in rent, life and slow cash saving. I prefer 0 debt low assets than high debt large assets because I feel really free that way, but I suppose retirement will be riskier than my dad reselling his "highly maintained via debt" business.
@_date: 2019-12-21 15:39:39
And even western union kinda cares who you are. But did you think that maybe the population wants KYC ? As in: it's more important to insure criminals have a high friction during money laundering than to ensure innocents aren't traced by people who don't exactly care about tracing innocents ?
I'd rather have Pablo the corporate hacker/blackmailer go to a bitcoin ATM and withdraw 500k USD in front of everyone in a machine that only has 5000 USD anyway at any time, than let Pablo go online to convert to cash and send easily to a fully anonymous PO Box... Imagine a world with no KYC, I'd never declare my revenues ahah
Oh and all those shady politicians who spend months coming up with schemes to cheat on campaign finance laws and taxes, imagine if it was easy and impossible to trace... They wouldn't even be found guilty at 85 while senile :D
@_date: 2019-12-13 19:17:07


Tell that to the dreamers who invested in AOL in 2000, they knew the internet would change the world too :D
Dude, saying we need to reduce transaction fees in a fast globalized world is obvious. Saying Bitcoin can and will achieve it is overly optimistic.
May I remind you that as a user, transacting within country boundaries and using a VISA/MasterCard network is already instant and free (not for businesses sure) and all I would want is cross continent transfer for free (currently fixed rate of 7 euros to do a Europe - China transfer whatever the amount)
@_date: 2019-12-15 13:46:46
Guess so gramps !
@_date: 2019-12-16 14:53:32
That's not what risk means. They invest in land, sure, but remember what the last crisis was ? They invest in stock, but remember what the crisis before last was ?
They take risk because they can't generate income by waiting. They have to risk, and that's better than a deflationary world where people who had the assets/currency before the deflation can just wait and enrich themselves, no risk. That would kill all the rest of us shark trying to convince the rich to risk their asset with us for a return.
Rich people can currently become poor. In a deflationary world, I honestly don't see how.
@_date: 2019-12-16 12:36:12
Dude america is far from the wealthiest nation, forcibly taking people guns isn't the worst "crime" a state can do, and maybe you could ask yourself why in the first place.
But yes, the poors are kept struggling by credit, and the country is fucked up. Hardly the fault of "the state", however.
Instead of whining, move. Join places you have a chance to build up, rather than yell at the wind, nobody's ready to listen to you yet in the US I think. As we say where I come from, the US is a country of hoboes who dream they'll become millionaires: they will never pursue policies defending themselves in their current condition, in the hope they'll one day dominate others.
@_date: 2019-12-17 15:31:48
he said not to be absolutist and discuss it to find a way to help on serious issues we do care about and the reason why we create governments in the first place.
Hardly what a fascist would say or do, he'd just insult people, say something stupid and refuse discussion... just like YOU, you fascist fuck :D
@_date: 2019-12-18 08:44:28
Tell your mom that at that time, for one Apple there was 10 VA Linux. There's no way she would have peeked the right one, and she would have most likely panic sold and lost everything at some point.
@_date: 2019-12-21 15:51:23
There are no ATM fees in many banks. I NEVER paid ATM fees in Europe, and can send to all SEPA countries free.
Hell I'm now in China, cost me 7 euros fixed rate to send 20 000 euros from Europe (but this triggers ofc a red flag, a warning to authorities and takes 2 days), to my chinese account IN EURO with no currency conversion and no fee on the chinese side, with a euro ATM IN CHINA with no fees either from which I can withdraw euros banknotes.
Wake up man, this ATM did add fees where there were none, you can say in exchange there's no KYC but you can't invent fees in banking :D
@_date: 2019-12-28 15:23:04
Governments only crumble when people want them to. There's no government tax on money transfer, only on productive work.
What you call tax is the banking fee for the transaction, by the bank, which exists in bitcoin: each time you do a transaction, you wait 10 minutes for a guy to integrate it into the next block and he will only do it if you left him a fee AND he'll get 12 btc reward to sell back to the market, creating inflation. This is a huge fee on the entire market.
Don't believe people telling you btc is efficient for business, it's not at all: its strength is in the absence of trust needed and the decentralization of the infrastructure. It's an enormous cost on society (electricity, storage, CPU waste, fees and inflation). Your call to decide if that cost is offset by the advantage (no need to trust and resistant to attack against banks).
@_date: 2019-12-18 09:37:13
You cannot be a new millenials just like you can't make more boomers. Millenials became adults during the 2000s (hence their names), and boomers were born during the post-war baby boom.
I'm a millenial, by definition, and I disagree with you. The boomers created many social ponzis, for me Bitcoin is yet another shit that can't work sustainably. I save in stocks and multi-currency baskets and moved to a no-tax nation state. Bitcoin can moon then crater, it's literally only gonna impact the neo-anarchists.
@_date: 2019-12-17 09:54:10
Win what ?
The only win I see for bitcoin is reducing difficulty, unlocking the higher limit to print tons more of btc, remove the need for millions of hashes to be calculate worldwide for 1 to be valid every 10mins and stop wasting all that energy for nothing, and finally see people maybe start using it as a cheap transactional token at long last...
You cultists will just make it so illiquid nobody will care anymore about you bitshit :D How do you "HODL" while price averaging ? Someone must sell somehow for you to buy monthly :D
@_date: 2019-12-18 12:45:46
He's just telling you there's no guarantee. You  just used the past to justify a future prediction, as if you had shamanic power telling you there won't be a huge shift in public sentiment toward bitcoin, a better competitor, a raise in USD interest rate giving it more value therefore decreasing bitcoin dollar value, or whatever else can happen in the future we can't possibly predict.
Stop telling people to join a sure get rich scheme, or even a get free scheme. People must accept they're in it also for the stress, the risk/reward ratio and the potential huge downside.
@_date: 2019-12-16 15:20:30
But everyone wants the internet, we can do a lot and there was literaly nothing like it before.
Bitcoin, well... I still have my savings account, my debit card, my salary and a few investment rising in price. Do I really NEED bitcoin ? All the guys I know who stash them, just do so to speculate on another fool buying higher from them (and are dying a slow opportunity cost death right now, wasting hudreds of USD of better investment, because ofc they always seem to buy during ATH). I never heard that for the internet, people seemed to actually use it ASAP.
@_date: 2019-12-13 13:07:19
Why would you invest in metal or liquid, yes...
You should only invest in productive, dividend generating assets, no ?
Anything else is commodity rarity speculation, just like buying a few kg of flour and praying for bad weather. Wtf are you investing in, if all you hope is for the financial exchange system to go down. Invest in production, not in despair.
@_date: 2019-12-16 15:03:45
And people who wanted to have a price guarantee on their future bitcoin acquisition.
Who are you, who can't wiki "Future (Finance)" seriously... So futures were also invented and let to happen by the gov for USD too, and Euros, and literaly all the fiats ? And coffee too ? "to slow their growth" ?
Who is making you so paranoid you sound like retards :D
@_date: 2019-12-13 19:48:58
There's no group, that's what I'm telling you. There's this artificial construct crazycoiners have, that "Finance" is the new "jews", a group of shadow people ruling the world secretly.
Go to a bank and propose your services. Done, you're a banker :D The banks will handle bitcoin, like they handle cash, bonds, stocks, mortgages, consumer loans, cross company lending, country financing, mergers, etc. What do you think a bank's expertise is ? Fiat fx rate bullshitting ?
Anyway, you won't solve suffering with bitcoin, just like they didn't solve suffering a few thousand years ago with Gold. You won't democratize finance by restricting monetary supply, just like the kings and emperors of the past knew with Gold. 
What you want is to regulate finance, and make banks more honest. Bitcoin changes nothing, banks will trade on its derivatives as usual, and charge custodial fees for those who want to try that game.
Banks, like prostitution, murder or parenting, are a function of society. They will always "happen". Honesty, is what you want and what bitcoin cannot be. Snap out of it and diversify your portfolio. To conclude, let me tell you of my house cleaner, a nice filipino lady that earns 800 USD / mo for 50 hours work per week. She cannot get a bank acct, I suspect due to unpaid loan in the past, and get all her money in cash (declared and legal ofc). All her friends are in the same situation. Now they group together, bought a safe and put the cash there. They write what they have and also created a random lottery to re-distribute a specific part of the money each month randomly to one of them. When one of them is in trouble, they use the common cash to lend to that person, who will pay back slowly later with her salary. Banks "happen", they don't "rule".
@_date: 2019-12-17 05:17:33
Why :D It keeps dropping in value, it's better owning books and an honest living :D
@_date: 2019-12-31 02:12:49
"You don't understand" is what Shamans from all eras have said to their skeptics :D
Dude why don't you give me an argument about the reverse scaling ? The fact bitcoin cost more and more as you add competition and CPU, but doesn't perform better and better ? How far do you see it go before it consumes more than everything else combined to reach the same perf as just one computer ?
In VISA, for example, the more you add computers, and cost, the more transactions you can do. In bitcoin, one computer by transaction would change nothing, still as slow and as secure, but millions times more expensive than one computer doing ALL transactions in bitcoin. If you want more security you could do like DNS, and have one computer in each country. Do you trust your dns server :D
@_date: 2019-12-19 11:49:04
Imagine if that were true, it would mean we can simply reduce risk by waiting a bit to confirm the curve direction after next halving and multiply any investment we do in the future as long as we buy when on or below the curve.
When it's too good to be true, you know what this means.
@_date: 2019-12-18 01:40:41
Because you wanted to help China during the trade war ?
We thank you dear lord, for sending us USD in exchange for electricity :p
@_date: 2019-12-11 16:49:57
But what if one owns ethereum instead ?
More seriously, if you want to see how the system works, just get a job in a bank, that's what I did and now I know how an order flow works on the stock market - from the line of code calculating the beta-following VWAP strategy to the line of code connecting to the exchange's ip.
It's so regulated and watched, you have no idea. We send nominative trade reports every night to all regulators, in dozens of countries. Some prevent us to short sell, some prevent us to buy if there's a chance of influencing too much the market, some ask us to pay back if a pattern forms on the price. Some want your id card number for each trade (not your brokers, yours, electronically sent before each trade) (China), some want you to have a physical presence in the country to trade (Korea).
The financial system is controlled by the people, via their regulator. Bitcoin, god forbids we ask an id card number to trade them, if you listen to people on this sub who are against basic KYC.
The population has very few ways to tax it, block it, force its price movement, control its actors. I don't exactly mind, Darwinism will decide of its fate, but why do you guys think it gives us more power, I fail to see. We can terminate a bank, a company stock trading, a central bank policy, a currency move, a mortage interest trend, but we as a people are powerless faced to Bitcoin, all foreigners combined have much more power than each individual country.
@_date: 2019-12-16 12:41:31
Definitely. The fact they don't even vote means they just deserve the shit they're in. Destabilizing entire regions building "democracies" while masturbating at home come election day, thank you america.
@_date: 2019-12-16 13:07:51
But you said the nation, not the GDP of the federal state. It has a high gdp because it has 300M people. But there are vastly more productive nation, who with a much smaller population produce relatively large income for themselves.
I meant that crying about gun being taken away is really alien to most of the world, it's never been a crime, maybe even very appreciated elsewhere. Only in the US people are so dangerous you need to protect against each other.
But well, what do you know, you clearly haven't seen much around ahah And yes, you get to choose your spawn point, we all do. If you can't choose where you're born, you can choose where you pay your taxes. I know I did and I didn't choose the US :D
@_date: 2019-12-17 05:16:50
Think of how likely it is to drop to 0 vs keeping half of its current value. Ready to lost some money in the casino ? Buy bitcoins only then.