@_author: rmkreeg
@_date: 2018-01-20 20:52:14
I probably will after this!
@_date: 2018-01-17 02:45:19
That’s awesome. Thank you! I’ll definitely check that out.
@_date: 2018-01-06 21:23:40
As a guy, I’m really glad to see the female participation here. Way to go girls! Keep being awesome, and I’m really sorry about how we treat you all sometimes. We can be pretty big jerks, especially as anonymous keyboard jockeys.
@_date: 2018-01-18 18:29:36
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:12:39
Nice! I love your attitude!
What’s also important, I feel, is feeling free to share your experiences, and also being open to the experiences of others.
We don’t have to have a preference for the explorations of others, but if we’re open to them, those people will know they’re allowed to share. If that exploration isn’t within your preferences, then it’s okay to feel open enough to share that, but maybe let them know you enjoy their enthusiasm. Through that sort of honest communication, we can really open ourselves up to new pathways for exploration. In a way, that honest interactivity is why the internet exploded, but it works just as well in real life.
In relation to your antenna, you might enjoy [this website]( if you’re currently unaware of it. Basically, someone put a shortwave radio on the internet. I could listen for hours.
@_date: 2018-01-20 19:57:16
Seriously. This was such a great scene that the Bitcoin logo was an immediate annoyance. I mean, I get the sentiment and “Yay for crypto”, but I just wanted to watch that scene in all it’s glory again.
@_date: 2018-01-16 18:57:18
Hey, no problem.
Here’s the longer version of what I said, if it interests you. This was in reply to [some shit article]( about how smart phones are destroying society:
“Well, maybe we should get to making society more fun, eh? Did the smart guys ever think of that?
I want adult-sized play areas in McDonalds. I want to play with my Lego without judgement (yes, “Lego” is technically the plural). I want to make up silly pointless games in a field with friends. I want a car made by Nerf.
Why in the world do we have to be so damn serious all the time? How did “legitimate” come to mean “boring as hell”? I’ve seen grown ass men in business attire transfixed on a game of Candy Crush. That’s a little boy trapped in a hell of bills and reports. Give that kid some slime. He’ll forget smart phones were even a thing.
As adults we’re starved for fun, which is the natural expression of boundless discovery. We try so hard to fit in with the standards of society - to adhere to a cultural sameness - that we shun the wild idea of exploring beyond it.
It’s as if we expect others to follow certain guidelines or they’ll lose our trust, and we don’t dare wander beyond those guidelines ourselves lest we lose the trust of others. So, if we trap ourselves in a straight jacket of social conformity, then we’re automatically limiting how much we can explore, and it doesn’t take long for us to do it. As such, we put checks on each other to maintain a sort of social homogeny, and this is where taboo comes into play. 
We fear that a person, not limited by the borders of taboo, would venture well into that territory and break down the order we put so much trust in. And how are we supposed to trust anything without order?! How can we trust the animal in ourselves to function without destroying everything like the savages we’re convinced we are deep inside.
And yet, we look on with vicarious glee as a performance artist unleashes that wild into the world, adding to it’s creative diversity and delighting us with a side of ourselves we don’t dare let out. And we look to our children, who innocently play, and admire them with jealous eyes, quick to correct them if they let out a little too much of their savage and wander beyond the borders of taboo. And deep down, we feel guilty for doing so, knowing we’ve committed a necessary evil by killing a little more of their wild.
In time they’ll grow up, or at least try their damnedest to act the part, and throw away the fun things, and wear their uniforms, and secretly play Candy Crush when the boss isn’t looking, trying so hard to get back a part of their basic humanity and just have a little fun again.
Outwardly we play the part of a functioning adult, but underneath there’s still that savage kid looking for new things to explore. If that thing happens to be the a video game like Super Mario Run, then dive in (oh no! so taboo!). If you want to get nerdy about stuffed elephants, be my guest. If it happens you like weird stuff in the bedroom, then get your kink on. And then there’s the sizable population of people who get into all sorts of addictions, which given the circumstances, is pretty understandable.
And America wonders why we have a drug problem, or a food problem, or a smart phone problem, or a video game problem, or whatever discovery-fueled addiction we take on, when we all know damned well how shitty and boring and bleak this homogeneous world is that we’ve created for ourselves.
Consumerism plays off that problem by reinforcing the idea of being in a conformity riddled in-crowd, and then tying a new product to that crowd. The targeted audience, who has been starved of discovery, is then given social license to discover and enjoy this new product. One after another, industry spoon feeds us new products, just enough to keep the majority of us from going completely bonkers.
It’s no wonder that a few break out of that mold, starved of discovery with craziness in their eyes, and rampage upon the very culture that would otherwise lock them in a psychological cell for life. They deviate to lesser or greater degrees, these social rejects, and give a big middle finger to the world. And we openly condemn their craziness, and cover our kids ears from their evil, and we look at them in horror and think “How savage.” And we get a little more trustless, a little more fearful, and pull in those borders of taboo just a little closer, like a security blanket of conformity...and then we secretly admire them, and dream their action.
All I’m saying is, if we’d just let go of the social conformity crap, maybe people wouldn’t be trying to strangle themselves as they do a five-knuckle shuffle. You know? Like, if we just give ourselves more leeway to be ourselves and have fun and be human and playfully rail against the rules a bit, maybe people wouldn’t feel so trapped and depressed and anxious all the time, and look to escape all of it with their nose in a smart phone or a needle in their arm.
All we gotta do is let ourselves be kids again, and celebrate that boundless curiosity and enthusiasm that we’ve been keeping latent in our hearts.”
@_date: 2018-01-06 21:11:57
Your mobile website looks like it was designed by a high schooler. Just an FYI. I don’t know enough to know how legit you really are, but a quick look at your mobile website screams “scam”.
@_date: 2018-01-16 17:16:09
Man. I was just writing about this in a reply elsewhere on the internet. To have fun is to discover new things, but we’ve lost our sense of fun and discovery in the name of conforming to others. If we conform, then we don’t allow ourselves the freedom to go outside that conformity, and thus we’re starved of discovery.
Consumerism plays off that by reinforcing the idea of being in a in-crowd, and then tying a new product to that crowd. The targeted audience, who has been starved of discovery, is then given social license to discover and enjoy this new product.
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:44:23
Oh, and hey, thanks for sharing. Especially that sentiment. I’ll definitely be using it.
@_date: 2017-12-11 12:12:22
You should realize that the encouragement of spending is a blight on our economy. Unnecessary consumerism for the sake of consumption is a gigantic waste of resources. People should be encouraged to spend because *doing so would be fulfilling on a deeply emotional or physical level*. If currency is deflationary, it’ll prevent people from spending money on anything besides what they *really* want. That encourages capitalism to work in the way it’s really supposed to work and tempers markets against the artificial creation of demand via things like propaganda (advertising).
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:17:42
If those twins sold off, what kind of hit would the market take?
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:34:26
Considering our Idiot In Chief, we could lose our 401k tomorrow, too, so...
@_date: 2017-12-03 10:20:45
Is gaining capital from investments really “earning” money, though? You’re just taking it from other people.
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:37:49
You took the money from the person you sold to.
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:26:57
It’s screwy, but that’s not exactly how it works.
What happens is you give them your credit card and they swipe it and the machine prints out two paper “receipts”, one for your records and another for their records. Depending on the merchant, there will be a line to specify a tip, and you have to sign the merchant’s copy to say you agree with the transaction.
At this point in the transaction, there may be some asshole merchants who’ll get authorization for a set amount of money on your card before you sign. That authorization will show up on the transaction record, but it’s not a real debt.
The machine they use stores your card data until they send that data in (maybe at the end of the day) to the credit company. At this point, if you’ve specified a tip, the merchant will manually adjust the value of your transaction in their machine before they send it off to the credit company.
When they send in the data, your card will be debted for real and any previous authorizations will eventually drop off.
Still f’d up, but yeah
@_date: 2017-12-04 10:32:51
The word “take” doesn’t lose it’s meaning in that context. If I give you something, you take what I give you. The point is you did absolutely no work to earn anything. You invested money and you reaped a profit, but you never worked for that profit. The guy you took the money from worked for that money. It doesn’t matter what you “risked”. You contributed absolutely jack squat to society with that risk. Your perspective is the exact definition of “entitled”.
@_date: 2017-12-06 14:41:07
Would Puerto Rico be an example of what could happen?
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:46:37
This bitcoin thing gets better every day!
@_date: 2018-02-14 02:09:37
Well, if it works for over half my country in an election year...
@_date: 2018-02-14 02:08:18
“Yo momma”