@_author: rmoore911
@_date: 2019-11-04 15:03:47
Congrats, you were able to name 1 company.  As I said, very few have, and that's a fact.  That's not conjecture.  It's a step in the right direction, but it does not make it a defacto anything, other than the defacto crypto that othher cryptos strive to be as successful as.  If more larger companies begin to actually accept Bitcoin or other cryptos, then we can start having a conversation about a defacto internet currency.
@_date: 2019-11-04 10:02:53
Seeing that you're posting in the Bitcoin subreddit, you're going to be getting a lot of more positive responses to going whole hog on investing in Bitcoin.  You're young, and you haven't had a chance to really experience and play with the way the market can treat your investments just yet, so you might reconsider your thoughts on "safer" assets in the future.  While diversifying your investments may not seem like the greatest option to maximize your earning potential, it is however, the greatest way to lower your losing potential.  I throw a decent chunk of my biweekly pay into buying cryptocurrencies now.  I also have investments in tech, real estate, consumer debt, and other companies as well.  While most of my non-crypto investments won't have the greatest earning potential out on the market, they aren't losing, and they continue to grow.  It'll take a complete financial disaster that covers all areas of the market to kill my portfolio.  While that could always occur, you have to consider something like that compared to what are the realistic possibilities that Bitcoin stays relatively stagnant at where it is, it's potential downturn, or it's future growth.
@_date: 2019-11-04 10:07:50
Is it though?  Few major companies accept Bitcoin for transactions.  Most online retailers and services don't accept any form of cryptocurrency for payments right now.  Is that changing, yes to some extent.  But it's still up in the air of who will accept it, and when that might actually occur.  We're in what, the 10th year or so of Bitcoin as a form of online currency, and we still have very few major companies accepting it.  I'd be happier if more did, but it's growth as it's intended use has been very slow.
@_date: 2019-11-04 10:16:17
Don't forget the fact that more than 50% of all newly started business fail within the first year.  Don't get me wrong, I'm all for the taking the initiative of starting your own business, but the success rate is fairly low.