@_author: rmsams
@_date: 2014-04-14 12:08:47
Totally agree, and the fork option makes the devs of the early code more accountable than a world where we all had to beg for our pull requests. In cryptocurrency, there is the added accountability metric to the would-be forker: who wants to waste time developing an alt-protocol whose chain never gets a decent hash rate. You have to make a compelling case to get someone to buy your new coin with $ or Kwh. The legacy code and the alt-code are competing for the same, finite capital base. Raises the standards of everyone. 
@_date: 2014-04-14 11:49:40


I don't believe that confidence in digital scarcity is
compromised by alt-coins. That is like saying that
over-investment (in hindsight) in any new technology undermines the tech that eventually wins the network effect, when in fact the over-investment only harms the capital backing the loser(s).
Most alt-coins will go to zero, with the electricity costs spent
effectively wasted, but in the absence of perfect foresight as to
which protocol designs are most adapted to market demand, this is the price that we pay for innovation. The ROE of venture capital sucks, but that has never led to a secular loss of confidence by capital backing start-ups.
One of the beautiful properties of your hashcash, as applied to
cryptocurrncy, is that the marginal cost of minting new coin =
the market value of the coin via the difficulty reset. When
experimentation is done on independent chains, the scarcity
required to generate a sufficiently secure hashrate puts an upper
limit on the supply of new coin in the aggregate, as the hash
rate is both an *effect* and a *cause* (higher hash rate is
desirable, holding all else constant) of network adoption. To
think otherwise is to subscribe to the theory that increased
supply due to alts will drive the hash rate of all chains to zero
in the limit, a scenario that's not plausible even in theory. In
practice hash rates approximate a power law.. I expect that to
Note that this doesn't apply if alts were merged-mined against
Bitcoin. That destroys the MC=MV equality, and turns the hash
rate into a public good. Which brings me to the side-chain
idea. It's certainly a good idea for sandboxing innovation to the
Bitcoin blockchain, but to insist on all cryptocurrency
innovation along these lines presents a dilemma: (1) either all
cryptocurrency must be tied to Bitcoin's money supply rule via
1:1 conversion, or (2) if side-chains can implement something
other than a static conversion ratio, you've got the same problem with merged-mined alt-coins: a socialised hash rate that undermines crypto scarcity. I'd guess that you'll embrace the first horn. But IMO, that's a critical limitation on
@_date: 2014-04-14 12:31:59
Maybe I'm missing something, but if the innovation of a hypothetical alt-coin is, say, a different supply function that turns out to be desirable (say, because leads to lower exchange rate volatility in the alt), how would that alt get forked into a side-chain if the conversion ratio between bitcoin and sidechain-coin is fixed? 