@_author: rndm109073
@_date: 2019-11-21 21:31:22
Ah, I didn't realize it was a bad one.  It seemed like the most highly recommended one along with the bread wallet, since you control your keys for it, and seems to be the one that all of the most mainstream youtube cryptocurrency vloggers use for the day to day bitcoin usage, and it worked fine all the previous times I used it, so I thought it was a good wallet.
Damn.  So did I just lose the money I spent on the BTC then, like it's just going to be permanently stuck at 3 confirmations or something?
@_date: 2019-11-21 21:25:27
Its the Copay wallet app on my phone.
The other wallet addresses I have on it show the correct amount of BTC that I have in them, because those ones all have 6+ confirmations (from back when I did those a while back - no relation to this purchase, just explaining as an example).
But this one just shows "0 btc" to where it'll only show the actual amount of received btc amount once it gets to 6+ confirmations.
So, I assume I can't use it to buy stuff on the internet or whatever until it gets to 6+ confirmations to where it'll show as like the actual amount of BTC that I bought from the ATM machine, in my wallet address on my phone rather than show as "0.0 btc" in said address since it's still seemingly permanently stuck at just 3 confirmations.
@_date: 2019-11-22 01:23:26
Yea, I know as long as I have my seed words (aka my keys in seed word phrase format or whatever) that I ultimately still control my btc no matter how much the app bugs out or even if I dropped my phone in a lake or so forth.
I just never have actually done the process, so I guess I'll have to look into like, how the actual process works of getting some different wallet (not within the same app program, but a diff actual wallet brand of wallet) and making the coins from my broken wallet go into that new unrelated wallet of a different app on my phone
edit: I'm on like 1 hour of sleep, so probably not gonna bother with any more of this stuff till I get a good night of sleep.  Anyway, thanks for all the help everyone
@_date: 2019-11-22 01:15:09
Yea, after I looked into it more, looks like the problem was indeed with my wallet, which has some bug where was (then wasn't, and now is again) showing me incorrect stats (i.e. when it was showing me "3 confirmations" it was actually supposed to be showing way beyond 6+ by that point, but it was just showing it wrong for some reason.
@_date: 2019-11-21 21:19:37
The wallet app on my phone.  The transaction showed up quickly that I was receiving btc shortly after I sent btc from the atm machine to the wallet address on my phone.  But it shows it as zero btc in that wallet, since it doesn't have 6+ confirmations yet and it only shows a non-zero amount in the wallet once it gets to 6+ confirmations.  But, if you click on the transaction thingie, it shows how many confirmations it has at the moment.  It's been sitting at "3" for like a day, so now I'm getting nervous just how long this could take, and if it'll just never get those next 3+ confirmations for me to be able to use it, or if it'll get returned to the (ATM machine) sender, and I'll just lose the cash I spent buying the btc.
@_date: 2019-11-21 21:39:14
It wasn't an hour ago.  The first 3 confirmations happened quickly within the first hour or so, but then it has just stayed at 3 confirmations between then and now for the past 20 hours or so.
@_date: 2019-11-21 21:59:36
Right but when you say it "keeps going", define the TIMESPAN, like can it take 20 hours to get from confirmation  to confirmation   20 days?  20 years?  Is it just a probability game, like 1% chance it takes 20 hours.  0.1% it takes 20 days.  0.000001% it takes 20 years?  Or is it like, it'll just 100% guaranteed take 10 minutes to get from the 3rd confirmation to the 4th?
I understand that once it gets 1 or more it's mine, but I'm saying in the real world of actually trying to use this BTC in everyday life to purchase stuff with, where some stuff needs it to be at 6+ confirmations before ***I*** can use it to buy ***THEIR*** stuff, then it is relevant how long it'll take to get from the 3rd confirmation to the 6th.
Maybe from some semantics point of view I shouldn't be using the word "stuck" at 3, but "taking an extremely long time at 3" or something, but hopefully you guys get the gist of what I'm trying to ask
@_date: 2019-11-21 22:42:49
What are the most mainstream/reputable explorer sites.  Sigh, this is the problem with this stuff.  I thought I was using the most common/reputable/good wallet (Copay) and now everyone in here is looking at me like I'm an alien from Andromeda for using the Copay wallet, even though I was under the impression that that was like the mastercard/Microsoft brand of phone wallets back when I got it that like 80% of all people were using for their day-to-day phone wallet stuff alongside maybe the Bread wallet as the other main one.
So, now I'm paranoid about clicking on whatever the first random explorer site is to check the confirmations, because then what if I click on a non-legit one, and then  in the same way as how everyone in here is looking at me like I'm a total nutjob for having used the Copay Wallet as my phone wallet, what if I go to the wrong explorer site and everyone after the fact will be like "LOL wow so you just went to the first random explorer site someone mentioned, bro... do you even explorer site?"  And I'll get scammed by some rogue explorer site or something somehow.
So now I have to try to figure out how to figure out what the most reputable/mainstream explorer site is to be able to find out what's going on with my transaction, and then also try to figure out how like 80% of all humans who used bitcoin who were using the Copay Wallet and Breadwallet almost unanimously a year or two ago apparently just vanished off the face of the earth like they never existed and nobody has ever heard of either of these wallets when they were like the visa and mastercard of phone wallets since seemingly just the other day, and now I'm like the equivalent of some guy trying to use a pager instead of a cell phone in 2019 apparently and everyone's like wtf is a Copay wallet, lol.  Am I on Andromeda.  Ughhhhh wtf is going on this is getting so weird
@_date: 2019-11-21 21:36:50
?  Nobody literally "told me" to use that specific wallet, I just picked the most popular/reputable one that most of the mainstream crypto vloggers seemed to be using the most in their youtube vlogs for general day to day bitcoin usage from their phone, which usually seemed to either be the "Bread Wallet" or the "Copay Wallet".
When I looked into it back then, those were considered to be two of the best and most popular phone wallets since you control your keys for them (unlike) some of the other wallets, and seems like almost everyone uses one of those two wallets (Bread or Copay) for their phone and haven't heard of anyone having bad experiences with either of those two wallets.
I'm honestly kind of surprised that the people in this thread haven't heard of the Copay wallet, it seems like it was literally the default one that most people use for their phone?  Maybe it changed in the past few months and nobody uses it anymore?  I dunno.
Sigh, oh well.  Anyway so did I basically just lose my cash then, like if it's just going to be stuck at 3 confirmations forever then that's the end of that?
@_date: 2019-11-22 01:12:40
Heh, well I ended up researching explorer sites for a while and eventually picked one that seemed legit and looks like the transaction went through just fine, so it was my Copay wallet bugging out on me apparently where it kept showing a 0.00 btc amount and permanently stuck at "3 confirmations" (when really it was some huge number by like 20 hours in, and not actually 3).
That's the good news.
The bad news is after all that, and after it temporarily showed a correct non-zero btc of my amount in there, and I managed to spend it (not all of what was in there, but like half of it), I checked again just for fun a few minutes later, and it was showing the 0.0 thing again (my spending transaction worked fine, so it's just the display aspect on the phone app on my end that is showing weird stuff basically).
So, I guess that means my Copay wallet has some bug where it's malfunctioning in regards to this aspect of it.  So, not really sure what to do about it if I want to use it again in the future.
I saw someone mention exporting keys or something like that, which I don't know the first thing about, but looks like I might have to learn how to do all that stuff if this thing keeps bugging out on me.  At least sounds like it is after all a big/popular wallet after all so, worst comes to worst things should work out okay as long as I have my private keys, which I do.
Alrighty, well, sorry for all the fuss y'all, lol.  Just some classical adventures in n00bism I guess :\