@_author: rnway
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:56:59
Then don't go in any more. Bitcoin is an incredibly risky investment. Riskier than anything the world has ever seen before.
Bitcoin has higher volatility than anything else that is currently traded, by almost an order of magnitude.
Adding futures to that picture will probably amplify the volatility. Don't invest any amount that would cause you harm if it all dropped permanently to zero tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:27:39
Honestly, I'd be more worried about my ability to properly secure my seed phrase than about the risks from an online wallet.
@_date: 2014-08-12 17:04:45
Any time you deposit money into a bank, you are loaning them your money (or buying their debt, if you prefer). That's why they pay interest. 
At the moment, all of your deposits with banks are insured by the FDIC, up to ~~$100,000~~ $250,000. Even if the bank were to fail to repay your loan when you asked for your deposit back, the government would reimburse you.
Nothing will change about standard bank accounts. They would continue to be insured, and your money would be just as safe as it is now. In addition, the banks would be required to offer new products that could be used during bail-ins. These would probably be special "high-yield" savings accounts, or something like that, that would have a disclaimer that the contents of them are NOT FDIC insured. 
In order to get people to put enough money into these riskier accounts to meet the required level of bail-inable funds, the banks would have to offer enticing interest rates to compensate investors for the higher risk. This would vary depending on how trustworthy investors perceive a bank to be. The less trustworthy, the higher interest rates they would have to pay to investors.
Now, in the event of a bank failure, the deposits of the people who opted for the high-yield / high-risk accounts will be used to make the bank solvent, instead of the government bailing them out.
Compare this to what happened last time around in the US where the taxpayers payed out billions to make the banks solvent.
Also compare this to Cyprus, where ordinary depositors had money taken from their accounts to keep the banks solvent.
With this model, only the people who knew and accepted the risk would stand to lose any money, rather than all the depositors, or all the taxpayers.
Edit: Correct the FDIC insurance limit.
@_date: 2014-08-12 17:35:59
Exactly. Personally, I think this is a great solution to the problem.
@_date: 2014-03-24 18:23:13
What's the problem with MongoDB?
@_date: 2014-08-12 16:39:35
If you read carefully, they're not talking about bailing in existing bank debt (deposits). They're talking about requiring banks to issue *new* debt that could be used in a bail in. 
Presumably, this debt would come with higher interest rates that would compensate investors for the additional risk. 
TL;DR: They're not bailing in with your money. If you don't want to be part of a bail in, don't buy the new debt, and you won't be. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:52:24
I swear I'm not being paid by bitcointaxes.info, I'm just a really happy customer.
I just finished filing my taxes this year, and I thoroughly expected bitcoin to be the biggest hassle there. Nope. I got my bitcoin transactions dealt with in about 30 minutes, and then spent 3 hours dealing my my employee stock purchase plan for my job.
Thanks for making a great site!
@_date: 2014-03-18 22:08:05
Which calculations exactly were off the mark? I put in everything from mining, buying, selling, and spending, and it came out to about the numbers I was expecting...
@_date: 2014-06-26 03:01:02
Or Google Plus. 
@_date: 2014-04-29 20:54:33
What makes your product different from coinmap and similar projects? 
@_date: 2016-03-03 22:15:50
Be that as it may, the question asked was what it would take for to be folded back into The reason exists is that people wanted to discuss topics that are banned here. Unless the ban on those topics is lifted, they won't fold back in here.
As I said elsewhere in this thread, I would much rather the whole community could come together in one open forum, to talk about everything related to bitcoin, but the rules here preclude that.
If you want to both have a forum where forks cannot be discussed, and you want the people discussing forks to come back here, you have a set of incompatible goals.
@_date: 2016-03-04 04:40:48
First of all, let me say thank you for engaging in a civil discussion. I haven't made up my mind on the issue yet, although I will admit that I lean slightly toward Classic. I'm enjoying discussing this with someone with an opposing view.


Is there a problem with measuring support from the clients that announce their preference? The way [nodecounter.com]( measures?


You're absolutely right on that point. I think bitcoin in general has backed itself into a corner by becoming so beholden to miners, but isn't a miner vote going to be the same mechanism that activates the eventual Core hardfork, albeit a different threshold?


Two questions on this point:
Didn't Gavin come back into active development because a vocal group of users wanted him to work on Classic? I thought he left Core a couple years ago, and I wasn't aware that it was over disagreements on block size. If that's the case, I'd certainly be interested to find out more about it.
What exactly is the "technical process" you're referring to? I assume you mean the normal process of submitting BIPs and pull requests on github, but I think that's more of a political process than a technical one.


Honestly, yes, I think bitcoin would be strengthened and made more resilient by having multiple development teams. 
However, setting that aside and assuming that Classic is malicious, I don't think that sweeping the existence of it under the rug, and driving people to other forums if they want to discuss it is productive. That just gives Classic a place to spout their beliefs to an unsuspecting public with no opposition. Just as a result of the article, gained almost 1,000 new subscribers in one day. These are people who will likely never hear anything but Classic's view.
If the Classic HF really does activate, it will have huge effects on Bitcoin as we know it, much bigger than LiteCoin, or any other alt could have, and I think we should all be coming together to discuss it, instead of ignoring it and hoping it will go away.
@_date: 2016-03-02 05:42:46
There's a key difference between the bitcoin "fee market", and market pricing. Since you're bringing up surge pricing, I'm assuming you're familiar with Uber's surge pricing. 
When the market demand for a good forces up the price of the good, more people will produce the good, because they can be rewarded well for it. In the case of Uber, the higher fares during surges means that more drivers will want to drive at surge times, thus increasing capacity. This results in additional supply.
However, with a hard 1MB limit, there is no corresponding increase in supply, because no-one can fit more transactions into a block, even if every transaction pays a generous fee. There could 1.5MB of transactions, each with a 1BTC fee, and no way for the miner to get all of the fees, because the block size is capped.
This pressure only results in some people being unable to transact. At some point, when there are more non-spam transactions than there is space in the block, there is no amount of fee that will get all of the transactions into a block.
I think a safer option would be to keep a technical limit that keeps well ahead of demand, and let the miners choose which transactions to include in blocks based on whatever constraints they want. We've been down this road before, and it worked just fine. [For quite a while, all the miners used to only make 500KB blocks, but eventually they decided the extra tx fees was worth increasing their self-imposed limit.](
@_date: 2016-03-03 18:43:07
I think the most important change that needs to take place before the rift can be healed is the removal of censorship from this sub-reddit. Lots of the forks are doing some interesting work involving scaling technologies that could potentially be rolled into the core implementation, and that work cannot be discussed here due to censorship. 
The reason that forked off of is because of this. There are also a lot of users that would need to be unbanned from before the community could come back together.
Many people, like me, regularly read both. I'm subscribed to in order to stay informed about other forks of bitcoin, since that discussion is not taking place here.
@_date: 2016-03-03 22:00:12
Believe me, I wish there was a way to defend but as long as theymos is on the top of that mod list, his word is law. That's just how the mechanics of reddit work.
I'd much rather the whole bitcoin community on reddit could sit down in one place and discuss the issue in an open forum, but isn't an open forum, and most users from don't come over to I really dislike having one echo chamber only discussing core, and one echo chamber only discussing forks. I think it's driving a wedge between the communities, and both halves are becoming more and more entrenched in their views without properly considering the other side of the story.
However, a forum run by someone who wants to shut down all discussion of forks can never be that place. at least has the potential for that, if people from the Core side of the debate will come over there too, and that's why I spend time over there.
@_date: 2016-03-04 02:31:30
You're absolutely right. Because we've fractured, both sides have picked up an us vs them attitude.
Until the moderators stop declaring proponents of competing implementations "them" and making them unwelcome here, I think we're going to be stuck with that. 
If proponents of alternate implementations were welcome here, I think would quickly become irrelevant.  Once all the users were part of the same community, I think discussion would rapidly become more civil. 
The mods are well within their rights to manage their subreddit as they see fit, but I think it's their actions that have led to such a large fracture in the community. 
@_date: 2017-03-21 23:05:56
At this point, it has become largely a failure of trust between the miners and Core.
Back in February 2016, Core and the miners agreed that the release of SegWit would be quickly followed by a hardfork allowing 2MB to 4MB of non-witness data (planned for release in July 2016). 
Here we are in 2017, and there has been no sign of that.
@_date: 2017-03-28 00:51:27
Not working as expected at all to someone who doesn't follow Bitcoin news much. Every other time I've needed to pay, it has just worked. I assumed that my wallet would handle the details for me, and so far it always has, even during other times of congestion. If I have to go do research before I can pay for something now, I'd rather just spend the time signing in to PayPal. I liked bitcoin because it was faster to scan a QR and hit send than to sign in. Not so anymore if I have to research fees before paying. 
@_date: 2017-03-27 22:13:55
Two weeks ago, I got home from work (About 7:30PM) and sent a transaction for a Steam game that I wanted to play that night using Blockchain and the automatic fee.
It took so long to confirm that I went to bed that night with no game, and woke up in the morning to an email from Steam cancelling my purchase. I then purchased it with PayPal the next morning.
Two hours later (14+ hours from my original transaction), the bitcoin payment was finally confirmed, and Steam put the value on my Steam wallet.
If that wouldn't leave the impression of "a broken piece of crap" for new users, I don't know what would.
I'm an experienced bitcoin user, and after that fiasco I certainly no longer use bitcoin for purchases that I need instantly. 
@_date: 2016-03-04 01:51:05
What could be considered more of an attempt to bypass discussion than banning talking about the benefits of competing implementations?
I doubt that any of the forks will actually get off the ground, but even if they do, it's not like any of the competing implementations are going to activate their forks without having a supermajority of users supporting them.
If these forks are such a bad idea, why should not discuss all of our options, and mutually come to the understanding that the forks are a bad idea? I think if they are really a bad idea, that will become abundantly clear given open discussion about them.
Why has Theymos has decided that the users of should not hear about the other implementations, rather than letting them choose for themselves through reddit's voting system?
@_date: 2011-06-22 20:13:01
Now we've only moved the single point of failure from MtGox to ClearCoin.
@_date: 2011-06-29 00:18:30
If something sounds too good to be true, it probably is.
@_date: 2011-06-11 06:06:07
If I wanted to gamble, I'd just solo mine...
@_date: 2013-07-22 23:45:38
Ask anyone who's ever sold on Paypal...
@_date: 2013-08-02 19:30:22
I've tried running USB-powered devices off of the Transformer Prime. 
Running an external HDD, which is probably comparable to a bitcoin miner running full out, I get about 30 minutes of battery life.
@_date: 2013-09-19 22:51:41
I believe it would all have to go through the su binary first. However, custom ROMs usually ship with their own su binaries, which may be compromised, and may never prompt you for certain options.
@_date: 2013-07-22 23:59:17
What's the difference between that and /u/bitcointip?