@_author: road22
@_date: 2019-11-24 19:46:21
A while back i read an article that they only way Japan could keep buying their own bonds and not go into hyperinflation was due to the fact they had a trade surplus.  USA does not have a trade surplus and Trump is hoping to change that to prevent hyperinflation but it is way way too late.
@_date: 2019-11-10 20:05:47
I'm confused.  Even if somebody knows how much bitcoin owned how are they going to get their 24 password recovery phrase or bitcoin account/exchange.  All they see is a user name.
I know it is possible to see previous post about a person but nobody puts their real name, real phone number, real address on post.  Maybe if a hacker was really good could hack into reddit user base and find their email but that is all.  I just don't understand why everyone is so fearful.  Even if they find an IP address its not enough.
@_date: 2019-11-21 17:34:44
The CME futures market is nothing more than a side bet on the price of BTC.  Imagine we are watching a football game and I want to bet on the home team.  Somebody is going to have to take the other side or the away team.  If i wish to go long on BTC somebody must take the other side of the bet.
Only bad thing about this scenario is too many BTC whales.  I can bet big that BTC will go down, short the market,  and have me and few of my whale buddies sell their holdings, and win the shorting bet.  Then we go long and buy it up again.  To many scared Hodlers and traders will dump in the huge drops and smart money, or the patient money, gets it all later.
If nobody sold when the price dipped and only bought, and eventually that day will come, the whales will be not be whales anymore and lose control.
@_date: 2019-11-23 19:36:09
Best of luck to you.  I think your making a wise move to learn a trade that will always be in demand in a world full of waste.  It is not really worth going to college these days as the world becomes more and more automated.
I hope in about 5 years when you do a service call at home, you get paid in satoshi's.  And you will be telling the home owner that 5 years ago you bought over a million satoshi's for less than 80 dollars.
@_date: 2019-11-22 19:46:12
This is FREE MONEY for the smart investors.  What a discount to buy BTC at this price.
@_date: 2019-11-23 16:48:05
I created this image for some symbolism that the Moon keeps getting beat up with meteorites/asteroids and keeps shining on.  Be at peace with stacking.   Want to see something really cool... check out the original image and how it evolved,
Years ago I took an photo of 2 kids in a banca boat in the Philippines.
@_date: 2019-11-16 18:03:03
"A Government big enough to give you everything is strong enough to take everything you have"  - Thomas Jefferson
@_date: 2019-11-23 00:40:39
I think some of the smaller miners took a chance and borrowed funds to buy their mining equipment.  Then some whale in Korea dumps and forces them to sell their mined coins to reduce risk.
@_date: 2019-11-02 05:56:54
Its really not that hard if you want to.  Memorize the first 4 words and say them over and over in your head.  do it for a day  and then do the next for words the next day.  Within a week or so you should have it all memorized and be able to recite it in a few seconds.
@_date: 2019-11-02 17:03:12
Not many people have a clue to how much 1 trillion dollars is.
$10,000 dollars newly printed in a bank wrapper is just over .6 inches tall
$1,000,000 dollars in 10K stacks would be 5 feet tall.
1 Trillion dollars would stand about 950 miles high and space is only 100 miles high.
23 trillion dollars would put you far enough away from the earth almost equivalent to the geosynchronous satellites used for communication and rotate the same speed of the earth.
Soon our debt or BTC will go to the moon.
@_date: 2019-11-17 02:02:01
No, it is edited... but when i am done with the image it will look like even ore real. 
I plan to print it in canvas.. maybe send it to Jamie Dimon... LOL
 I can edit anything and I have recently been working on Bitcoin images.  I have a great Deutshe Bank image that is even better.
I recently acquired a great domain name for these images but have to build the content first.
@_date: 2019-11-05 18:00:42
If the central bank of Argentina had any common sense they would be buying BTC in large amounts and I will explain why.
Argentina has a huge debt problem.  When your in too much debt you either raise income or lower expenditures.  Raising taxes in Argentina will crush the weak economy because everyone has less to spend.  Cut off the social programs and default on the debt you have riots and civil unrest.  However they are taking the approach that most governments and that is to devalue their currency to secretly tax everyone.  Inflation is really a hidden tax on the people.  But this only works if you can force your people to use your deflated or devalued currency
When you file bankruptcy as a sovereign country its not like all your debts are washed away.  Creditor's will have the right to come into your home or country and take what ever they can.  Just like when Germany and the EU started confiscating all the infrastructure in Greece.  Germany now own most of Greece and forced them to make concessions on Greece spending.
What Argentina should do is print as many peso's to buy as much Bitcoin as possible.  Then turn around and sell it to the people of Argentina with a huge profit (why let the exchanges clean up on the governments mistakes).  Then use that profit to buy more Bitcoin for their own reserve before their currency fails.
@_date: 2019-11-09 17:01:05
I thought cryptos were banned in Vietnam.  Even if they allowed an exchange there anyone would be a total idiot to buy crypto's in a country that is NOT crypto friendly.
@_date: 2019-11-28 11:56:30
A lot of newbies in bitcoin are scared to move tokens into a offline wallet.  Many are scared to even send at first.  But is not as hard as you think if you follow the instructions and there are some very good youtube videos on wallets such as Ledger or Trezor.
Coinbase is not the best place to keep your tokens but if you must keep them there then use their Vault.  They offer a vault but once you put your tokens there they cannot be removed for 48 hours and requires a 2nd email.  And use the google validation as a dual verification to access your coinbase account.  But most important is you contact your phone company and do a NO PORT SIM password.  This will prevent somebody from taking your phone number and hacking into your coinbase account.
But I would never keep that much on a exchange.  It is 1000 times easier to hack into your coinbase account vs. getting into a ledger or trezor wallet.   And you don't have to worry about losing your wallet because all you need to keep is a 24 word seed.  With that list of 24 words you can recover all your tokens anywhere in the world even if your wallet gets damaged or destroyed.  Nobody can confiscate your tokens on a wallet like that.
@_date: 2019-11-17 02:23:01
I know your correct.  But I saw a clip where he called Bitcoin a fraud.  I am just thinking about all the Fraud the banks did with Mortgage backed securities and holding Bernie Madoff's ponzi cash.  Bitcoin is our only chance to make the financial world fair.
@_date: 2019-11-30 23:13:36
Everything I post in r/bitcoin gets down voted.  I walked into the lions den in r/BTC and did not know what kind of sub channel it was.  I mentioned how terrible bitcoin SV was and did not know they owners of Bitcoin SV are losing everything and going after anyone who post against bitcoin SV.  The will follow you and down vote everything you say.  It is like a group of them that have absolutely nothing better to do.
Seems strange that I got a golden award on other subs so I can't be all that bad.  Maybe one day they will get tired and give up.
@_date: 2019-11-23 01:13:00
Paper contracts are nothing but a side bet and do not control the price on the exchanges for buying and selling.      
 The price on the exchanges is controlled by sellers vs. buyers.  However, paper futures contracts open the door for whales or institutions to pump the price and then dump their holdings to win on the futures market.  They win by scaring the weak out of the market who bought on FOMO.  The weak had no business buying bitcoin if they could not HODL and ride it out.
It hurts those who are trying to make it rich quick on BTC which is not the reason why BTC was invented.  But also allows the strong and smart money to accumulate in bit dips like these.   BTC is long term investment and hedge against the failing fiat money system that will make the world fair.
@_date: 2019-11-17 02:25:12
Thanks but I am semi retired.  I retired at a very early age and do freelance editing but would rather keep it as a hobby... I hate deadlines.
@_date: 2019-11-11 20:55:22
I am not saying "Don't Buy Gold".  I am saying owning large size coins/bars can be a difficult to transact in time of social unrest.  It is sad that even if you wanted to buy some large purchase in Ven with gold would have buy it from a Government Official because everyone else has left the country already.  And most likely they are just going to kill you and take it from you.  No fair deals in complete social breakdown/unrest.   But my friend in Venezuela said there is no problem using Bitcoin because no change is needed.  Let us all hope for the best and prepare for the worst with very important knowledge from around the world.
@_date: 2019-11-01 14:33:28
99.9 percent of people cannot be trusted with their private keys?
What facts do you have to back up this statement?
Your also said they will need banks to look after them and banks will have BTC accounts for customers.
Sounds like an exchange like Coinbase does this already.   Maybe some exchanges sell more coins than they have on hand but remember BTC can be tracked on wallets and digital dollars/physical cash cannot.
If you look back at the involvement of the Internet in general.  At first it was a great way to share information and communication.  It was not so great for online transactions until the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) came out.  Then the Internet evolved into what it is today.
BTC  and cryptos  have some issues with the complexity of sending and receiving and security.  It is not idiot proof yet.  But i can assure you that there is not a day that goes by they are making it easier and safer to send/receive tokens.
@_date: 2019-11-22 16:15:58
Great Analogy.  Sometimes have to let the dumb rich guy win a few hands so he stays at the table.
@_date: 2019-11-08 18:17:49
It won't be long before the Warren Buffett's  and the George Soros dinosaurs are no longer in this world.  I doubt they plan to be buried with all that fiat.  I'm sure some of that inherited wealth will find its way into crypto's.
@_date: 2019-11-24 16:03:44
Central Bank of Japan only owns 760 tons of gold which is nothing compared to other major economies.  They are not buying gold like China, Russia or other central banks.
The World if fiat money is doomed and maybe Japan will create their own digital currency backed by Bitcoin instead of Gold.  It is just easier to purchase Bitcoin without sending alarms all over the world.
Japan was the first country to go negative interest rates and if the world economy tanks they are going to be forced to go even more negative.  Their debt is growing faster than any other country but they do have a positive trade surplus.. for now.
@_date: 2019-11-02 16:46:10
I used to buy gold/silver like many others and kept some.  I believe Bitcoin is a much better investment in today's digital world.
1.  Ever try to sell gold back to fiat?  It is not easy an easy task.   You a heavy premium when you buy gold above spot price.  And when you sell it you lose because most places buy it back below spot.  I know the same holds true for Bitcoin but on sites like Gemini (using computer and not mobile), you can buy Bitcoin on a limit order at extremely low cost... less than 1 percent on buy/sell orders.  The mobile app on Gemini is more like the one on coinbase and charges a heavy premium.  You can always shop around for best prices and charges for Bitcoin.
2. Portability.  Imagine how hard it would be to take 1 million dollars of gold with you out of the country or even to another place.  It is really not that hard to remember your 24 world recover code for a hardware wallet.  Lets face it most of us remembered the Alphabet and kept it in our memory. 
3. So much easier to store virtual currency vs Gold/Silver.  You can pay for storage for better safety but it gets expensive.  And there is always risk in your home.  There are super strong metal detectors that can scan through walls and even detect the type of metal.  It would be impossible to use a metal detector to find a small paper with 24 words printed on it, which could be stored anywhere.
4. Gold can be confiscated and has in the past.  The US, England, Australia, and Italy have all tried to confiscate gold at one time or another or made it illegal to purchase or own.
5. Bitcoin is by far a better means of exchange.  So easy to pay for goods and services.  Just try going to grocery store and pay with a small gold coin,  They could not give you change and would not even know how.
6. Bitcoin has grown to big to fast and will keep growing.  It is unstoppable. I read and listen to all the Gold bugs try to shoot down Bitcoin because it is starting to put a dent in the precious metals market.  Peter Schiff, who i think is very intelligent and knows a lot about the economy,  thinks he has a very good argument on why Bitcoin will FAIL.  He claims that it is like the very first phone ever made and somebody later will develop a new phone that is better.  This is total nonsense.  Bitcoin is not a single phone it is more of a NETWORK.  For example, a Bitcoin phone will not communicate with a Litecoin or Ethereum Phone.  Will all bitcoin phone owners just go back to the store and say I can't call my friend who has a Litecoin phone so can i change phones.   It will not happen.  Bitcoin will evolve just like the PC and Internet did and it is not going anywhere.
@_date: 2019-11-11 20:28:24
I said 1/4 ounce of Gold bought 5 months of groceries back in 2017 before all hell broke loose.  Now 1 ounce of gold is just do dangerous to even try to bargain with.  YOU WILL NOT GET ANY CHANGE EVEN IF YOU COULD BARGAIN WITH IT.  If you were a high ranking military or government official in Venezuela then its OK to have 1 ounce of gold or more.   Your protected.  But a normal civilian would have to leave the country with it.  It would be like carrying around a real 1 million dollar bill and nobody is going to give you change for it if they let you live.  I don't know how to make myself more clear on this.
@_date: 2019-11-02 06:16:44
Craig Wright  in a constant fight with Btc jesus.
@_date: 2019-11-08 03:01:17
Peter is a smart guy and has been right about the Federal Reserve and our current economic situation.  I listened to him way before Bitcoin was ever created and thought very highly of him on CNBC when he predicted the housing crash and everyone laughed.   I wish I would NOT have listened to him back in 2013 when he said Bitcoin would be worthless.  
I still listen to him because I am interested in his views on the Federal Reserves policy.  But he has an argument about Bitcoin that is complete nonsense and totally wrong.  Peter states that Bitcoin is like the first Phone and will be obsolete because nobody uses the first phone ever made.  He believes somebody will come out with a new phone or better phone.   But Bitcoin is not a phone it is a network.  A newer phone or newer coin/token cannot be sent on the Bitcoin network.  A newer Litecoin Phone will not talk or communicate to a Bitcoin phone.  and Bitcoin phone owners are NOT going to get rid of the strongest and most secure network on this earth to switch to another phone/coin. 
Yes bitcoin is slower but it will evolve.  i think most people don't remember in the 1980's the IBM PC (non apple computers) had a 640K RAM limit.  Many thought Apple linear memory would prevent the PC from expanding but the PC did evolve memory block problem did evolve.  Both Apple and PC still around.
@_date: 2019-11-08 03:45:06
Maybe they send you do a prison camp in Siberia until you give up your private keys.
@_date: 2019-11-21 03:31:01
As Central Banks are forced to keep lowering interest rates.  The only yield left is the stock market.  Right now it is FREE MONEY.
It is going to be a nightmare for the whole world if they ever stop creating more debt.  A lot of folks wish they would have held or bought Bitcoin when that day comes.
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:49:02
I think Satoshi created bitcoin months maybe even years before its release.   I also believe it was more than just one person.  Somebody or a team that knew about cryptography, internet, and the economy.   It just had to be released on made public after a financial crisis. Timing is everything when it comes to initiating some new device or system.  There must be a need for it or uncertainty about a current system.
@_date: 2019-11-01 13:17:09
The USA has a strong arm that reaches around the world that can squeeze crypto exchanges if they sell privacy coins to US citizens.  Of course many exchanges had to comply or be cut out SWIFT (which is on its way down)
I doubt Argentina has such a strong ARM to influence world wide exchanges.
@_date: 2019-11-02 15:28:34
I am sure could be a million "WHAT IF's".  But my wife knows also knows the 8 digit pin to the ledger, and knows where the written seed is hidden.  It is very difficult to get to the written seed but it is in a fireproof/water proof area.
@_date: 2019-11-28 17:00:49
I have read about confiscated coinbase accounts in the USA if sending/receiving tokens to offshore gambling sites.  Big Brother cannot seize tokens in your hardware wallet.
@_date: 2019-11-04 15:18:03
I noticed BTC started its bull run shortly after last proof of keys.  How many BTC holders actually leave coins on the exchange?  How many exchanges would be in trouble if they had to deliver the coins?
@_date: 2019-11-02 04:00:51
I would keep the wallet in a safe place but not as safe as the 24 word recovery seed.  I bought a 2nd Nano Ledger wallet and used the original seed to verify / test recover the original key and keep it as a back up in a safety deposit box.  Both wallets would need my pin number to access and only 3 tries out of possible billion combinations would make it very safe.  But the wallet in my home i keep rather safe but want it to be accessible if i have to leave in a hurry.  The 24 word recovery seed would be rather hard to get in a short amount of time.  However I memorized it.  It took me about a week to fully memorize it and I did it in groups of 4 words.  Total of 6 groups.  Its been months since i have memorized it and every morning in the shower i even recite it a few times in my head to keep it fresh in my memory. I even recite it my head before going to sleep every night.  It is important that if you do decide to memorize it to visually see the words in your mind as you recite them.  Take your time and when you have it really down good then hide the seed extremely well.  But make it a point to recite it daily to keep it fresh in your mind.  going a few weeks without could cause problems.
@_date: 2019-11-09 20:32:22
If and when this event does happen nobody or few exchanges will sell BTC.   It will be a mad rush to get out of FIAT.  I can even see a scenario when all major banks block exchanges as an emergency currency control to save the dying USD.  Maybe some exchanges will allow BTC purchase but it will be rehypothicated  (they will sell more tokens than they own). Just can't take delivery of it or use it.  Even miners will hold out selling to get the best price until currency controls are placed.
@_date: 2019-11-07 18:07:43
I am not asking for clicks... just more interest.  It becomes a snowballing effect over time.  I even suggest not to click just view the results.
Fed can't do anything with BTC or they would have long time ago.  It is unstoppable.  I just can't see big rises in the price until the big money comes in and when that happens more will realize where BTC is heading.
@_date: 2019-11-07 20:18:46
I am not asking for clicks.. just impressions.  Just view the results.  Google trends only monitors what people search for not what they click on.  It is a big big difference.  But if you interested in seeing the price of Bitcoin to go down everyone should search "Bitcoin is dead"  or "Bitcoin is dying" .  Again you dont have to click on the ads or results ... the negative search will switch the open interest to selling or shorting Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-04 08:30:34
Maybe you should try to look at the real reason why BTC went up so fast in the last 10 years.  Then you can give proof it will not continue.  Nobody can predict the future but I can predict all central banks will never raise interest rates and keep devaluing their currency.
Just imagine the result if a Central Bank that does now own much gold starts printing fiat just to buy BTC, and then more follow.  It would force all central banks and then all institutional investors. 
If you believe the current fiat system will survive then you can expect a very long road for BTC and cryptos.  But when the banks in Europe start to go under you can bet it will rattle banks all over the world.  The adoption just might happen 10 times faster than ever expected in the next few years.
@_date: 2019-11-04 03:54:34
If i was in your situation I would be donating blood plasma just to buy $250 extra BTC /month.  I would put my school first but in your situation I can't think of any better investment you could make besides your health and education.
@_date: 2019-11-04 15:42:01
Poof of Keys is a great idea and the crypto community needs to start posting it in the comments section on all the crypto youtube channels.  CryptoLark, Crypto tips, World Alternative Media, BoxMining, BTC sessions, Modern Investor, Data Dash, Altcoin daily, altcoin buzz, and many more
@_date: 2019-11-09 19:30:01
BENEFITS of Bitcoin.
First thing you need to do is go to this website:   [
Then scratch your head a few times and say a few EXPLETIVES.  Maybe even say  a few prayers because the central bank of Canada sold all their gold many years ago.
Then i suggest you get a better understanding of how the FIAT money system (money that is not backed by gold) works and why it is completely failing right now around the world.
Maybe you are old enough or maybe you are not; but there was a time we used to put our hard earned money in the bank and get interest.  A decent amount of interest like 6 percent annually.  If you're not old enough to remember then ask your parents.  Then find the real reason why (after 2008/2009 financial crash) we can no longer get interest on our bank savings.  The world is in a uncharted financial FIAT experiment that has never been done before.
Then i suggest you watch this short clip  [
At this time Bitcoin is probably nothing more than insurance or protection of what is about to happen very soon.  If you strongly feel that your Central Bank of Canada will weather any crisis and will not go into more debt or devalue your Canadian Dollars then Bitcoin is not for you.
@_date: 2019-11-17 01:54:20
I am a graphic artist and wish to send a message to JPM and the banking system.  This is a cropped portion of the image that I hope when complete will send more than a thousand words to the banking system. 
I only posted a portion of the image because I have decided to add the circuitry lines as on the physical coins.  The real image is huge and poster size.  When completed it will look as if all the workers in the building pulled their shades down to send the world a signal.
@_date: 2019-11-09 20:06:27
I guess you were not around when Bitcoin went above $17K and climbing to $20K.  Coinbase and some other major exchanges were offline and if you could get in froze withdrawals.  But the price kept going up on Bitfinex and other exchanges.
@_date: 2019-11-22 16:26:36
Some whale is dumping on HUOBI, could be the scammer from Plus Token.
 [
@_date: 2019-11-22 19:51:25
I held my silver but sold most of my gold while back to buy BTC.  Bitcon is digital gold and so easy to store and can't be confiscated.  I like silver because it is industrial metal and would be very hard to confiscate because it is everywhere...even in the circuit breakers in your home.
@_date: 2019-11-30 18:39:15
Just another one of my cool images.  I was going to name it ... "A Beautiful Day in the Cyber Space Neighborhood"
@_date: 2019-11-16 18:23:41
Totally useless.  Really won't matter until USD becomes its own cryptocurrency that can be tracked on a government ledger.  If and when that happenes, nobody would want to use a government controlled coin that could be confiscated or nullified in the USA or overseas.  The USD would lose its dominance over all currencies.
I could deposit on a offshore sports book with my credit card and cash out in BTC.  Good luck tracking that.
I could go visit another country, like the Philippines that has a Bitcoin ATM at every 7-11.  So I can only bring 10K with me on my vacation there but I can have a friend send Western Union daily.
Just using a VPN can use many exchanges that can't be controlled by the US.
Until they can stop the flow of every dollar outside the USA , which would take some crypto backed dollar... it is useless for IRS to track.
They know they are losing he battle but will try every option they have.
My biggest fear is all the GS20 countries come out with their own global token, controlled by the IMF.  But would be so much hair pulling and fighting between trade, law, and government control over the total Supply and who gets what would probably never work.
@_date: 2019-11-11 07:03:45
It means 99 percent of the population can't afford 1 ounce of it and if they could they would kill you for it.  It is not a means of exchange in a financial crisis unless you can exit the country.
@_date: 2019-11-13 15:45:19
**REHYPOTHECATION MADE EASY**
Will Swiss banks invest your BTC?
Just imagine if everyone went to the bank to get cash out.
Citi Group, the most unleveraged bank,  would get .24 cents for every 100 dollars in your account.  This trend is probably going to continue if the banks can't stop BTC.
If you can't beat them join them... Banks always find a way to screw their customers.
@_date: 2019-11-04 20:49:22
I think there are many reasons, not just one reason for the dominance shift.
Something i learned in wealth creation or rags to riches... once somebody makes a huge amount of money , they can't stop.  Its like hitting that jackpot in Vegas, most can't walk away and live happily ever after.
When BTC broke over few thousand dollars, it made many multimillionaires or even billionaires later.  And most of these early entrepreneurs  had knowledge of crypto's and had to create their own coin and hire a few block chain programmers.  They wanted more money and wanted to create a coin for 5 cents and expected the same result of Bitcoin to thousands.  And they had the ability to pump up their coins and this gave Alt coins a big boost.  Look at BCH and BSV as example.
Something you should look at is how much most Alt coins have dropped since their all time in today's market.  Many of them are down 90 percent or more.  Many don't even exist anymore.  Probably the biggest pump and dump ever known to mankind.
I think BTC was too big and strong to be crushed.  Many earlier investors held their BTC or reinvested back into BTC after the alt coin crash.
Maybe you remember when BTC dropped down to 3100 from its all time high of 20K.  It happened just after Bitcoin Cash forked with Satoshi's Vision or lack of vision.   Craig Wright and Roger Ver started mining each others coin in a hash war.  They both still had huge amount of BTC and had to liquidate in December 2018 to fight the war.  Wars of all type cost money. Personally i saw this huge dip as a great buying opportunity while others were running for the exit.
@_date: 2019-11-24 02:05:32
The LARK ROCKS!!!
@_date: 2019-11-10 05:00:44
Your attitude and being self taught/fast learner reminds me of Louis Bloom in the "Movie Nightcrawler".  If you have not seen the movie you should because he had determination and self taught himself to success no matter who paid the price.
@_date: 2019-11-27 05:46:49
When i used to use Coinbase they offered a VAULT to keep your tokens.  Coinbase even stressed to me to keep my tokens in a vault for added layer of protection.   It would take 48 hours to move out of the vault to send and required a 2nd email for confirmation.  
Good Judgement comes from experience.  And experience comes from poor judgement.
@_date: 2019-11-27 15:43:45
Inflation - The lesser of 2 evils.  Low interest rates and extreme money printing will save stock market, banks, jobs, economy, and allow government officials to get reelected. On the other hand will devalue currencies and reduce purchasing power for those who hold fiat currency.  It will crush those on a fixed income or on retirement.  It will force families to live together when housing becomes to expensive.  It will prevent any type of savings and no yield and force all investments into the stock markets which are already overvalued.
Deflation - Trying control the debt with raising interest rates, no more bank bailouts or money printing to control inflation.  Will crash the stock market, wreck the economy, extreme unemployment, home price collapse, government officials not getting reelected, social unrest and riots.
Either way this is going to end very badly.  HODL
@_date: 2019-11-10 20:37:47
Bitcoin is 100X better in a financial crisis because it is more divisible.
I have a very good friend in Caracas Venezuela who was forced to stay there and care for his father.  About 2 years ago, when things really started to go bad there, he traded a quarter ounce gold coin for 5 months of grocery's (pasta , rice, beans, and frozen chicken).
3 months ago he said had 1 gold eagle left that he never sold.  He said could not go to the same grocery store cause it closed down.  If he tried to bargain with it would probably be killed on spot.  And if did find honest store they could not give change.  If any police knew he had would be arrested for some fake crime and confiscated.  He said would have to smuggle it to Columbia or out of the country.
But Bitcoin can be broken down and no change needed.
@_date: 2019-11-08 03:25:58
I don't see the point.  The article states:
 "But unlike other ETF applications, Wilshire Phoenix’s ETF will invest in both bitcoin and U.S. Treasury securities, commonly referred to as T-bills."
Investors buy BTC because they want out of the Fiat USD,  not to invest in it.
@_date: 2019-11-05 15:13:38
1 Bitcoin is only worth 1 Bitcoin, 1 ounce of gold is always worth 1 ounce of gold.
When Bitcoin becomes the Worlds Reserve currency every other currency, commodities, and wagers,  will be valued in satoshis.
@_date: 2019-11-12 15:48:18
Imagine going back in time about 10 years when Bitcoin was only 5 cents a coin and asking the question if would ever reach $1000/ coin? I can imagine all the negative responses.
Has the USD or EURO devalued that much in last 10 years to put Bitcoin where it is today? No way. I believe most holders/investors  of BTC know the fiat money system is doomed. There is not a day that goes by that the world debt is growing at a parabolic rate.  But When does fiat fail?  That is the answer that will take Bitcoin to 1 million or even higher.
But when that happens probably everything will be prices in Satoshi's because of stability.  Nobody will ask if BTC will go from $1 million/coin to 100 million / coin.  Dollars/Euro/Yen will not matter and not even be part of the equation.
One BTC will always be worth One BTC nothing more nothing less.
@_date: 2019-11-09 18:40:05
Depends on how bad the recession and if the FED will overreact or go straight to negative interest rates.
At first, many HODLers who lose their job might be forced to sell to survive and even take a loss if price drops.  Smart money will be watching and waiting.
Usually every one gets scared and holds on to cash but if FED goes straight to negative interest rates that could be a huge plus for Bitcoin.  Plus other countries that depend on USD will start dumping their dollars for BTC or gold... probably no matter what the price is.
Huge amount of Liquidity will come out of the stock market and if the FED does step in with Massive QE or REPO then there is no limit to how high BTC could go. Can expect double digit inflation.  Probably could not even buy it cause COINBASE and other exchanges will be offline.  BITCOIN ATM's will be out of service, and maybe even have bank holiday.  This may seem like a long shot but we have never ever been in this financial situation before.
@_date: 2019-11-03 05:25:34
If you are only going to trade with 25 euros worth of BTC your better off holding on to it.  Hold On for Dear Life (HODL) .  The fees for buying selling each trade (on most exchanges) would not make it worth trading. 
If you are going to invest a few thousand Euros to trade then good luck.  Some traders do very well because they are not trying to make the big score and patient.  They just try to make a small profit and wait very patiently for Bitcoin to dip and buy it again.  It takes a great deal of patients and discipline. 
It takes discipline to push back from the table after you sold your position of BTC and it keeps going up.  Then you have to watch all the profit you would have had if you held a bit longer.  On the other side you feel terrible when you bought and it drops even more. 
Many traders follow wave theories and Fibonacci retracements  to predict the future price.  But what the fail to realize is there is no chart that can predict new crypto laws or deregulation worldwide.  There is no chart analysis that can predict future bank bailouts or Central Banks printing money or lowering interest rates.  There is no mathematical function that can predict trade wars, recessions, and currency liquidity shortages.
Most of us here are in for the long haul and know that all fiat currencies are doomed.  Just keep buying and holding and be patient.
@_date: 2019-11-07 20:42:28
I think everyone over estimates our Federal Governments ability to stop Bitcoin and under estimates the full potential.  Governments saw the threat many years ago and I believe they took a strong alternative to suppress its adoption.  
They made it too volatile for most companies to accept it as payment by pumping it up to 20K and then back down to 6K.  They gave too many investors a really bad taste in their mouth who bought at its all time high.
@_date: 2019-11-09 05:48:59
Never had a problem withdrawing BTC or USD.  Dollars take a couple of days to show up in my bank account.
@_date: 2019-11-16 03:39:50
I have a feeling the stock split at least 50 times since then. But would not show a profit buying just before the 1929 crash
@_date: 2019-10-24 15:43:27
The US dollar is (rat poison)^(3,)  
One Bitcoin is only worth one bitcoin.   We have just gotten into this warped mentality of converting BTC to US dollars or some other fiat currency.   Why?  because it is the best means of exchange until the fiat system fails.
@_date: 2019-10-25 16:20:29
I hope all the short investors wind up on skid row in a rat infested San Francisco alley.
@_date: 2019-10-31 14:08:20
Cryptocurrencies are new and The IRS is going to have their hands full.  They just want a portion of the profit that you made if any.
But what could and probably be the effect of they Taxation on Cryptos?
1.  More will HODL because of the hassle of trying to keep up with every coin spent.  Will be counter productive for trying to suppress the price of BTC and make it more like digital Gold.
2.  Will be very advantageous for other countries that do not tax profit made on cryptos and increase their economy.
Lets say you donate all your BTC to a unique ledger wallet and only use that wallet overseas.  This would hurt the US economy and force the IRS to change their mind.
3.  As the price of BTC starts to rise in the coming years, I believe BTC will not be spent on things like coffee.  Think about the guy who bought 2 pizzas for 100 million dollars of BTC.  What if BTC does hit 1 Million in 3 years... how are you going to feel that you spent $500 on a cup of coffee few years ago. 
4.  What if one day in 5-19 years everything is priced in satoshis world wide.  There is no conversion to be taxed on your profit.  There is no profit if no conversion because 1 Bitcoin is always worth 1 Bitcoin.
It is funny how our government has made so many rules without examining the implications.  I think for now they are trying to suppress the mass adoption of using cryptos vs the US Dollar.  It might work at first but hurt the US economy later.  Most US citizens have access to bank accounts and really dont need crypto's.  But overseas it is a different story.  As the rest of the world shifts into a better form of money the US will have to capitulate as always.
@_date: 2019-10-31 00:13:21
Your only taxed when you spend it or convert back to fiat.  In a few years , when the fiat money system dies, everything will be priced in Satoshis.  Then it can't be taxed.
@_date: 2019-10-01 17:09:20
I have often thought about the implications when BTC does breaks and sustains 50k.  All the Naysayers (Buffett's/Munger's, Brad Sherman's, J Dimon's) will be forced into the market.  Well maybe not Brad Sherman because he is nothing less than a total idiot.  But other congressmen/government officials worldwide will buy into BTC pushing the price to extreme amounts.  And when this does happen BTC will become the new reserve currency.
@_date: 2019-10-04 04:17:01
Gemini.  Don't use the app but use PC.  Set the price you want to buy/sell at.
@_date: 2019-12-03 16:48:47
Does anybody look to see where the tokens go after a hack?
Everyone states that criminals get caught using BTC as payment by governments because of a token trail.
What about all the tokes stolen from Mt Gox?
@_date: 2019-12-01 16:46:06
I bought bitcoin because I hate the banks.  We don't need them and we don't want them.  I have my own crypto wallet and I am my own bank.
@_date: 2019-12-03 20:09:10
Is Mt. Gox going to settle in BTC or Cash.  I read somewhere they are postponing payment until the price of BTC rises to pay out in cash.
@_date: 2019-12-01 10:33:38
You buy it and they hold it and can't withdrawal the tokens to your own wallet?  
If they let you withdraw the currencies or spend them , then... Maybe.
Bankers are like strippers, they will only be your friend if u give them money.
@_date: 2019-12-09 20:41:49
Have you ever been in a situation where you owe somebody money and agreed to pay them tomorrow.  Turns out you were going to pay him when your boss pays you.  However, your boss can't pay for 2 days.  So your short for a day and have to eat the interest and go to the payday loan for just a single night.  Similar to a REPO for banks.
Have you ever paid your car payment, insurance, or mortgage online?  Well mostly likely your paying from one bank to another bank.  Unless your own personal bank holds your car payment/ mortgage.  This is why banks are always paying each other.
But here is the root of the problem.  Imagine owning a store that sells food or snacks.  The vendor, or supplier tells you what price to sell for, you don't have a choice.   I had a friend who owned a convenience store. Frito Lay vendor told him "We will supply you with our Chips/products but you are going to sell at our retail price".  What choice do you have? Your hands are tied but you still make a profit.
The Federal reserve lowers interest rates, Thus making money even more cheap to borrow.  It is like Frito Lay vendor telling the Convenience Store owner "We want you to sell our chips at half price to stimulate sales".    And then the Convenience Store Owner runs out of supply.  So he calls another Convenience store and ask if they have any extra chips.  Kind of like a bank asking another bank for a over night loan until the Frito Lay Vendor gets here.
The problem is all about Liquidity.  I remember a quote from the Equalizer movie, Denzel W. tells the bad guy "When you pray for the rain you better learn to deal with the mud".  When you lower interest rates to inject money in the economy, you better print more money and give it to the banks.
Its not rocket science.
@_date: 2019-12-04 09:11:33
It means the government will promise not to create money faster than the economy grows.  Unfortunately Jerome Powell (Chair of Fed Reserve) just said a few days ago the debt is growing faster than the economy.
@_date: 2019-12-05 22:29:21
I know some here will come down on your for advertising how much bitcoin you own.  But you one of the lucky ones that own more than 1 BTC.  Just keep it safe on cold wallet. 
As far as Tom Lee being Bullish.  Every Bitcoin whale will always be bullish.  It is what bitcoin whales do... just like the GEICO commercial.
@_date: 2019-12-02 19:02:16
No change in the global financial Sector?  
What planet are you from?
If you looked at the world debt and how are they combating debt... by creating more debt. 
The cost of living is so high in most places young adults are forced to live with their parents. The BOJ and ECB are negative interest rates and about to go more negative.  The US FED will be forced to do the same.  REPO bank bailouts are keeping the whole banking system alive for now.  The more they print the more inflation.
Our Central Banks have started a economic experiment and created a monster that they cannot control unless the whole fiat system dies.  They will have to go back to some sound limited money.  The Bitcoin network is already up and running and will probably be the answer to sound currency of the future.
@_date: 2019-12-04 11:24:38
I can sum it up in just one word... DEBT.
Probably does not bother you that the world has about 200 trillion in global debt.  USA just past 23 Trillion. Maybe you think it is just a number but it is a VERY BIG NUMBER.
The world is waking up to the fact that our Debt based monetary system is doomed to fail.  The system is starting to fall apart in Argentina, Chile, South Africa, Turkey, Japan, China, and the European Union.
Deutsche Bank and HSBC are on there knees right now.
Every FIAT monetary system on this planet as failed in the past.  There needs to be some type of sound money.  Something that is easy to store and carry around.  Something that is divisible.  1 bitcoin can divide up to 10 million satoshis.  The world needs a form of money that cannot be censored or confiscated.  A form of money that is controlled by the people and for the hard working people of this world and not greedy central banks and governments.
@_date: 2019-12-06 04:47:52
I remember Bitcoin started a bull market after last years Proof of Keys in Jan 2019.  I am sure there were other factors involved.
Was last year the first year of PROOF OF KEYS?
@_date: 2019-12-20 12:39:29
Coinbase wins the patent rights to send Bitcoin by email.  Will probably work like Zelle when you send money from your bank to a friends bank account via text.  Not sure how safe it will be but somebody is going to find a way to scam on it.  But will probably make it easier for new people to get into BTC.
@_date: 2019-12-18 08:41:27
What a great buying opportunity the crypto community will have this xmas from this big sell off.
@_date: 2019-12-04 12:20:14
I know Peter Schiff has always said... If You Don't Hold Your GOLD - You Don't Own Your Gold.
A debit card is NOT gold.  It is a form of paper gold or virtual gold.
@_date: 2019-12-06 06:49:36
A couple years back the price of BTC was over $10K.
You bought 45 coins for $450,000?
In another post you made on r/buttcoin you said you bought the bitcoin for your aunts medication not allowed where you live?  Where you trying to buy from Pablo Escobar farm in Columbia?
@_date: 2019-12-03 08:00:49
I don't trust Bitfinex.  They never had the USD to back up the tether coins they claimed to have.  The probably do not hold the BTC they say the own.  Never leave your coins there if you buy from them.
@_date: 2019-12-01 16:49:28
That is a pretty scary thought.  But if so I hope there is a crypto run on the banks.
@_date: 2019-12-20 20:10:15
Coinbase is a corrupt centralized exchange operating under a corrupt centralized government.
@_date: 2019-12-07 03:30:27
Mnuchin is hiding the real truth!
The problem with Central bank digital currencies will be exposed very soon and have extreme limitations.
Centralized Censorship -  All income and transactions are monitored and can be verified by your government. 
Coin Storage Address/Key -  In order to send or receive tokens you must have a digital wallet and must be portable like a cell phone.   These storage addresses will be like bank accounts and approved by the central bank/government.  And that is the biggest problem for central governments to keep control.  For example, China could force all citizens to use a Crypto Yuan, but could they control a tourist visiting China.  Could the Chinese government control a US citizen who wants to hold Crypto  Yuan.  It will NOT make your currency strong if other countries can't hold it or use it.  It would be like currency protectionism.  Nobody from China would be able to spend outside of China.  How did that work for trade so far?
What makes the US Dollar so very strong is the rest of the world feels safe holding US dollars.  Many currencies like Argentina, Turkey, Venezuela, South Africa, are devaluing their currency, thus, the US Dollar has become a weapon and Safe Haven for world wide wealth preservation.   Can you imagine the implications if the US dollar switched to a Crypto Currency.  Is the US government will be able to control all the US crypto wallets around the world?  Nobody in other countries would want the US Government controlling their US Dollars just like US Citizens would not want the Chinese Government controlling their Crypto Yuan.
The world DOES NOT WANT A CENSORED CURRENCY.  And they will find a way out of it.
When China creates one, only the really wealthy and corrupt Chinese will be able to convert their Yuan to Dollars or be outside the Yuan.  I saw it happen in Venezuela when their country started going in hyperinflation.  Venezuela had to recently change their laws on holding US Dollars or the economy would have totally collapsed with worthless bolivars.  But in the beginning a huge black market for US dollars or payment method was created.
I predict one day there will be a world wide currency, uncensored, that has a limited supply and very secure that no government will be able to control.
@_date: 2019-12-15 21:41:56
Not really.  If they could not be mass produced.  The more cars they make the cheaper it is to make them.
@_date: 2019-12-04 01:02:20
Won't be a bad idea to remove coins sooner.  Make sure you have a chair before the music stops especially dealing with a shady exchange.
@_date: 2019-12-04 19:36:26
The problem is the way most people think in terms of fiat currency.  A bitcoin is only worth a bitcoin.  We tend to think of it priced in our local currency because we use our currency for most purchases.
But imagine everything priced in Bitcoin.  Or, imagine everyone transferred all their USD to bitcoin, there would be no conversion of BTC/USD.   It would be like valuing Bitcoin to grains of sand.
If Bitcoin does ever go over 10 Million dollars/ coin you can rest assured the USD is going is on its way to becoming totally worthless.  Forget the travel laws of 10K, because 10K would have the same purchasing power of maybe 500 dollars or less.
@_date: 2019-12-03 23:30:22
At the time or the hack i think BTC was 400/coin.  Are they going to pay the current rate btc/dollar or the rate at the time of hack.
@_date: 2019-12-15 23:12:33
Great post... But why do you have to create a new account to make a post like this.  I see way to many very informative post here by "REDDITOR FOR A DAY" length of time.
@_date: 2019-12-02 04:27:48
Lagarde should have gone to jail but instead she will take over the ECB.
She was convicted in 2016 and found guilty of negligence in approving a massive payout of taxpayers’ money to controversial French businessman
 [
@_date: 2019-12-11 02:07:19
What happens when a country is so far in debt and can't afford its obligations?  
First option is what Argentina has already tried... extend the debt to a longer pay period.  Ever heard of 50/100 year bonds before.  If you are a holder of debt it is better to get paid over 50 years than receive nothing.  This is already taking place but it is not enough to save Argentina.  And now the USA is going to sell 50 year bonds....LOL
Another option is much more painful for the country.  You have to cut spending which usually causes adverse problems such as riots and social unrest for those who depend on government support.  Usually government leaders are hated and don't last long.
Then there is the option of raising taxes which crushes the economy and also prevents leaders from getting reelected.
The last option is what every country does and that is devalue their currency.  This is very similar to raising taxes because it makes the population poorer.  But in order for this to work they must put capital controls on the currency.  We see this already happening in Argentina.  It happened in Venezuela until their currency completely collapsed and now they released all capital controls and using the US Dollar and Crypto Currencies. 
This will be the end result in just about all countries when they pile up too much debt.  It is pretty much a given except for countries like Greece.
Greece had this same issue but they could not devalue their currency because they used to Euro.  Thus Germany bailed them out.  But Germany took over their infrastructure such as utilities and government facilities and laid down the law of concessions.  Greece pretty much had no choice or leave the European Union and become like Venezuela.  But this is only a band aid because they are still not able to get out of debt but just sustain their debt or treading water with their head barely above the water.
What counties do we look forward to joining the party of unsustainable DEBT?  That is a great question and there are so many on the list such as Italy, Spain, Portugal, USA, Japan, and much more.  Does it really matter if all currencies are fiat and failing.
@_date: 2019-12-01 16:28:48
Today banks are fractional reserve.  They do not have all the cash on hand if everyone wanted to withdraw their account.  What will prevent them from doing the same with crypto currency.  This allows more tokens to be sold than actually exist.  I believe it is called rehypothication. 
To many will just let the banks hold their coins.  When the banks get in trouble like some are today, they will limit crypto withdraws just like they are doing in some countries.
@_date: 2019-12-16 17:08:31
When I first started Reddit, my post would show up.  Now they don't so I can only comment.  Not sure why but i suspect it has happened to others.
About a 6 weeks ago I removed a post out of anger mostly because it was suppressed or hidden.  A really good post that I made about the evolution of BTC compared to the evolution of the Internet.  I even showed how i made over 1 million dollars buy buying a domain name back in 2002.   And how the domain was taken from me from new regulations and laws.  Very similar to how laws and regulations are clamping down on BTC.  Why should I share if nobody listens.
@_date: 2019-12-03 02:41:04
I have noticed more states are allowing Sports Betting.  The federal government can print money the individual states can only raise taxes or find other sources of income.
@_date: 2019-12-03 05:48:55
You are correct.  At the state level (not the federal government), selling weed only helps the state economy and does not devalue the US dollar in anyway or make Bitcoin more attractive.
@_date: 2019-12-19 21:21:19
Looks like it will go sideways for a while.   Usually does after being rattled with a roller coaster ride.  Some traders need some time to clean their underwear.
@_date: 2019-12-05 17:13:31
I agree with you in certain aspects.  I mean if you had lets say a lot BTC on a cold wallet, memorized your key and memorized your 25th passphrase, nobody is going to get them from you.  Nobody without force.
But the fact remains, talking about it here or anywhere, CAN ONLY HURT YOU.  People on reddit are not going to bow down to you.  You are not going to get more karma or admired.  Absolutely nothing good would come of it.  You have absolutely nothing to gain.
@_date: 2019-12-15 18:09:24
That is a great question.  No single person/government loaned out 250 trillion dollars.  Debt was created by making fiat currency by central banks.  When interest rates are very low... you can expect even more debt created.
But here is the thing that nobody really understands about this global debt issue.  When debt is created like borrowing money to buy a home, there is usually an asset created which is the home.  Which means if the original owner can't pay the mortgage the issuer of debt reclaims the home.  It most cases there is some underlying asset with the debt.
Imagine a world were nobody loaned money.   Even though we have the technology to build cars nobody could save up enough to buy one.  Debt is a good thing but too much of anything is not.\\
Now our central banks have created way too much and they can't turn it off without crashing the whole damn system.
@_date: 2019-12-18 18:02:15
I believe you are wrong.  Not because I want you to be wrong, because crypto markets overreact on big sell offs.  Many large BTC holders get scared and wait for it to bottom and then start getting back in.  Many traders with stop losses got out yesterday and just waiting for the smoke to clear from the Plus Token Sell off.  These scammers were forced to sell in a hurry, probably in a rush to make it to outer Mongolia.
Bitcoin bottomed at 6400 this morning and will probably go back up fast.
Bitcoin is in a different asset class for trading.  No Elliot wave theory or Fibonacci retracement chart can account for all the scams, hacks, and whales with the ability to manipulate the futures market.   The only way to beat this market is to HODL.  You cannot lose if you hold in the dip, and you cannot gain if you sell in the dip.
@_date: 2019-09-24 21:48:11
Right after the bottom around 8K i saw a huge spread between prices on BITFINEX /GDAX/GEMINI.  BITFINEX  GDAX  GEMINI  I always watch the BITFINEX vs GDAX spread but never seen it this huge.