@_author: rob_salad
@_date: 2018-01-16 09:21:46
can we see data for other years? 2012-2015?
@_date: 2018-01-01 22:20:21
Good move, moving away from coinbase. They're awful.
I've had a great experience with Binance, but I've heard Gemini is good if you're a US citizen. If you just want a wallet for hodling though, I highly highly recommend just getting a hardware wallet. The Ledger Nano S is very user friendly.
These provide so much more personal confidence. Keeping on an exchange means you're subject to all the possible problems coinbase has if the exchange turns bad. Wallets should not be scary - they're not hard to use and your funds will be completely secure with you, and will scale to support forks, segwit, lightning, etc.
@_date: 2018-01-16 00:59:08
yeah, they essentially just want their price to go up with you shouldering the risk
@_date: 2018-01-17 04:47:06
Honestly, best way to combat this is to be super super happy and buy the dip, because you know something they don't - that you're gonna make a lot of money out of this.
@_date: 2018-01-02 06:05:10
Good reply, thanks for taking the time. I think we largely agree, and me now is different to me then, even though I did have a final resort even back then. And yeah I was surprised about being told to make a new account, but then did.
Agree with your final word, also. I use 1password but I hear lastpass is great too. People need to take control of their own security, but it's so hard for non technical users.
@_date: 2018-01-15 15:44:44
yeah, exactly. and those deeeeep in the green are all condescending and aggressive. it gets old.
@_date: 2018-01-17 04:53:27
someone actually did post several years:
@_date: 2017-12-03 07:39:16
coinbase is "so secure you can't even access your own money" - don't use it or gdax. They stole from me by locking me out of my account due to faulty sms auth - support is useless - never use sms for auth. ever.
@_date: 2017-12-29 05:00:21
no, I don't - this is stealing via negligence. It's not intentional, but the negligence has the same effect. Their responses show they have absolutely no interest in rectifying the mistake, and it's IMPOSSIBLE to get through to getting any kind of response that isn't a copy-paste.
I really hope they do fix it and if so I'll update my post for sure, but this is not good customer service even during a peak time.
@_date: 2017-12-29 21:04:42
amen, so true, and I lost my first coinbase account this way - never ever again - people still continue to use SMS for auth and I shake my head.. :(
@_date: 2017-12-31 01:41:41
No, 2factor is not a backup access method, you're wrong there. Authy is used during every login.
Two things though, you're both right and wrong, and I appreciate the reply - let me give you more detail. I also kind of object to calling this a 'rant' rather than a legitimate claim to a security hole, but hey, I'll try to explain.
Authy provides mechanisms for backing up your 2FA seed, but I had NO idea at the time (this was 2014, 2fa was new, and nowhere did it let you know about backing up your seeds outside of authy) - when you add your QR code it did not explain anywhere you could re-use this code or that 2-factor was a universal hashing system that was not exclusive to authy or GA. So at the time, I did not know to back this up. I know now, and I can use 2-factor completely without any SMS authentication now via authy, which is great. However at the time, and like many people even today, it was more difficult as a first time user.
Do you, for example, have all of your seeds for all of your 2factor apps? Or are you relying on authy to back them up for you? GA famously erased users seeds on an update once, and authy DOES rely on SMS for root level auth - but if you back up your seeds you can get in by simply creating a new authy account and re-adding the old seed.
Second, this only applies to 2-factor apps, and not SMS-only 2 factor authentication. If the root auth was SMS with no method of bypassing or backing up your 2-factor seed to an external location, then you're boned, and this is very easy to skim over unless you fully understand 2-factor, which most people don't.
Don't feel for me :) I did get my money back because I luckily had backed up my multisig seeds, and I got them out without coinbases help.
So, yeah, I agree with you IF it was actually used as a backup-only access to your account, but its' not. You use it every time you log in and if you don't, you're not using 2-factor at all.
These days I'm very very happy and comfortable with authy, because I manually back up my 2fa seed to my 1password - but how many people do this?
Lastly, there are still exchanges that don't use app-based 2fa but stick to pure SMS auth, and this weak-point will absolutely cause you to lose access. You then have to contact the support of your exchange and start a long process, but I have the emails to prove that if this happens to you on coinbase, they claim they cannot help you (or at least, could not help you in 2014-2015, now it may be different).
Any decent security professional will tell you that the more things you're relying on that you don't control, the weaker the security. This is why people use hardware wallets and back up their word list themselves. You need as much control as possible - SMS is not in any way under your control.
@_date: 2017-12-30 23:53:23
see, this is a common problem with security people - not saying you are one of those people but perhaps you're accidentally thinking like one. They fail to understand that security is useless if there are loopholes which lock YOU out of your own money - that is when the security itself becomes a security risk.
So what happened was, I travel regularly and have to buy new sims a lot. I know I could keep a single sim from back home and use an old phone or something, but at the time I thought that was ridiculous and coming from australia, plans are expensive, and I didn't know the following could happen... also even if I did that, it's still a terrible idea (read on).
I diligently updated everything to my new numbers each time I entered a new country, but unfortunately my phone was stolen in vietnam along with sim. I tried to get the number back but in some countries they don't have a central register of numbers so you can't just go restore your old number, you buy a new one and that's it.
So I had NO way of recovering the old number. I contacted authy support but they said I needed to know what the old number was, which unfortunately was only written on the material that came with my sim card, which was stolen in the bag I had everything in. I didn't have time to commit it to 1password.
I then went through shock and disbelief at this security hole as authy and coinbases recommendation was to 'just make a new account', implying forget about the money I had in there.
There are many situations where you won't have access to your number though - lack of payment, or mixups, the company going out of business, the sim breaking while overseas or away from a service area, or in cases where the company likes your number and decides to just take it and suddenly your phone doesn't work (this does happen).
The bottom line is, relying on an external company to give you access to your own number via text message, without any kind of rescue access or anything, is an extreme security risk that only the most stupid of people would not see as a major flaw. And yet, we have professionals recommending it. It honestly blows my mind.
You would not invest in a physical security system where the company who manufactured the locks had ultimate say in whether your keys worked or not and could revoke them at any time, so why would you do that with 2FA? Even worse, if the keys weren't even designed as a security system in the first place and were more of a service package for something completely unrelated. Not to mention SMSs are sent in plain text and often flash up on peoples lock screen, so physical access to the locked phone is all you need. There's just no acceptable defence for this, no matter what people will tell you, period.
@_date: 2017-12-14 15:16:51
Upvoted for brevity
@_date: 2017-12-03 07:05:59
this is not a support question, it's a question about the state of exchanges in general, I don't need support for kraken it's broken already and I'm leaving it.
@_date: 2017-12-11 06:28:35
This is a common but strange attitude usually held by people who have never known hardship in their life, so they can't imagine others enduring it.
It says more about the persons shortcomings than it does about the world. To them, they imagine not being able to find work as 'playing playstation'. Poverty as a choice. And growing unemployment as a fixable problem by just creating jobs despite the growing lack of need for them, as our ability to produce more with lower need for labour grows exponentially.
I don't know if UBI is the answer, as people need purpose, but capitalism in its current form is completely unsustainable as technology advances.
@_date: 2017-12-29 05:08:02
Well, someone entered the same ID - for that to happen they would have had to have browsed the list of transactions, and pull out an old transaction ID I made that happened to have the same amount on it, and whacked that onto their internal ledger instead of entering a new one. How is that not negligent?
If a bank did that, you wouldn't be too happy - but if when you tried to contact them they gave you a copy pasted response about the blockchain congestion (an unrelated topic) you'd claim negligence too!
@_date: 2017-12-03 07:02:32
this kind of thing is why you should NEVER use coinbase or gdax - it's so secure that even you can't access your money!
they basically stole from me by having flimsy 2fa that I couldn't access my account any more, contacting support was no help.
never, ever, ever again. sms is not secure and should never be used for 2-factor - add in some dodgy image detection crap to get between you and your money - you WILL get locked out of your account eventually.
if you care about your coins / money at all, honestly, just walk away from this company.
@_date: 2017-12-29 05:03:33
you're right, but I don't think it's malice, it's just negligence. And I have clear evidence of that - I believe they manually withdraw the money as an automated procedure would never have resulted in this kind of behaviour (randomly waiting for four days then randomly attaching it to an entry in the past). I really do hope that they do fix it and if they do I'll be 100% up front about that on this post.
@_date: 2017-12-17 07:00:48
ideas are evil? what is this, the middle ages?
also, using the condescending but meaningless "this is x 101" line.
next up: dad jokes
@_date: 2017-12-11 10:24:28
My point is that the worlds use for individuals having jobs is shrinking, and, like bitcoin, it really doesn't give care about your emotions on the topic, or how hard you struggled. Labour is becoming less and less meaningful/necessary, and we are going to have to work out a different model unless we drop into a kind of feudalism where only the privileged can work.
You being frustrated about working manual labour when you were young means nothing to the person who can't even do that, and would kill for the kind of wages you got at 16 working that lumber mill. I'm currently in Cambodia and there's many here working their guts out for less than $100 USD a month. But my aim isn't to juxtapose or prove anything, it's just to explain how little it all means. And from your story you've been very, very lucky compared with what's to come.
We will need an alternate solution to the idea that 'everyone should just work, and I deserve more because I've been working all this time, and those that don't, well it's their own fault', and soon (5-10 years) or we will face some crazy times. I'm sorry that some people can't see that, but I guess it ranks up there with climate change etc. as a problem first world ignores til it's too late.
@_date: 2017-12-30 20:49:42
btcmarkets has the same amount of money from me with no reply also, because they put two entries in their internal database with the same tx id, but deducted double the money. A few days ago I received a template response about an unrelated thing.
@_date: 2017-12-17 05:49:46
This is the perfect hodling strategy.
@_date: 2017-12-04 06:00:27
LOL - I fell for this, thinking it was yet another "selling my btc" post. wp, laughed.
@_date: 2017-12-07 05:08:48
I wish we knew who this was, so we could thank him. He's done a generous and noble thing. If bitcoin does dip again in the future, I'm going to buy some for Andreas, but I can't afford to come anywhere close to this amount, so this donator deserves some respect and thanks.
@_date: 2017-12-05 06:19:55
I withdrew everything I could from Kraken the other day as each page load works maybe 10% of the time, at best. I am honestly dumbfounded that anyone uses the exchange at all, or - more accurately - even CAN use the exchange it is that buggy. I'm so glad to be free of it.
Also they do actually steal (small) amounts of money as they have minimum withdrawals, so I had to leave about 20 pounds on there. Yes, it's a small amount of money, but I'm sure it would add up across everyones accounts.
@_date: 2017-12-11 08:30:46
Calling me a socialist, and putting words in my mouth when I said nothing about welfare and I actually even suggested that UBI might not be the answer? Nuff said; you don't really deserve a proper reply. This forum is for people who are intelligent enough to adopt technology early and see the future regardless of political bias. The fact that you can't see the inevitable isn't my problem, it's yours. Good luck with your coins.
@_date: 2019-03-09 08:57:24
Try losing your card (and passport) while travelling through south east Asia and see how long these banks of yours take then. Or dealing with an Australian bank. Btc ATMs can really save you if you’re a nomad. Your situation with instant card renewals is actually an extreme minority and rare case.
@_date: 2017-11-20 05:53:45
Under rational circumstances I'd disagree but I can't count now how many people I've met even recently that think that you need to buy a whole coin to buy in and people say they can't afford ~8k - so... you're... right? So many people really do think that the goldrush is over, because they don't understand economics and don't know that numbers aren't affected by human emotions of what feels 'large'.
It's a marketing thing really - but mbtc is a bad word as it's not pronouncable and "1 satoshi" is just pretentious and cringeworthy. How do you say 'mbtc' without spelling out the letters? That's why it doesn't catch on... millibit / nanobit sounds a bit nerdy...
@_date: 2017-11-23 04:52:01
haha! I more meant that with mbtc it's not intuitive that the m stands for mili and even when you work that out, it's a bit... dry? But I get what you're saying ;P
@_date: 2017-11-01 07:08:51
aaaand this is exactly what's wrong with so many entitled people in the world. "Millions worth is not life changing money", if you're really really really bad with money. The stories of the lottery winning immediate losers, do that because they're bad with money, not because millions of dollars isn't valuable.
Even 100k is life changing money, because it will open up opportunities you didn't have when you were hand-to-mouth living. You could invest in a business, or take time off to start your own, you could take a more risky job that pays less in order to be worth more in the future, there are so many things you could do if you're not financially irresponsible.
Also, not everyone has children or lives in a country with the US's health care system (no offence meant to americans but it is a factor for you I suppose) and so these concerns aren't a huge deal for them. But a family for example is a responsibility you have taken on which you must pay for which has no bearing on the actual value of a few million dollars.
Lastly, having lived and travelled in third world countries for a few years now, I was insulted by your answer. So many people earn much much less than 10k a year here and that is to support a family much bigger than yours, so even just one million dollars is 100 years salary... :/
You're scaling your income level with your ego - you assume that if you had a million dollar income you'd also need to pay for a billion dollar lifestyle. But that's exactly the thinking that gets those 'lotto winners' into pools of debt within a year or two.
@_date: 2018-03-20 05:47:37
I almost went here last night (I'm in soi 30!), took my mum to an izakaya instead, but it's a decent (but expensive) restaurant :) used to live in the building above.
Nice to see adoption increasing, I've seen it a few places here as well.
@_date: 2019-09-08 22:30:16
look it up. he didn't sell drugs or do anything illegal, yet was given multiple life sentences. Those who actually were involved in crimes related to silk road were given much lower sentences and some are out of jail by now.
If this were white collar, and they were bankers, he would not have even had to have stood trial.
It's similar to trying to put tim cook away because some terrorist acts were committed using iphones.
@_date: 2019-09-08 22:27:29
There is no good reason to keep keys on a USB if you're doing this. It only adds the chance that the USB will break or become water/moisture damaged. I don't understand why people keep master keys on usb drives. If you must use cold storage, find a physical method of documenting the key.
@_date: 2019-09-16 01:22:22
The internets main purpose is to illegally download game of thrones, depending on your perspective. Silk road actually had several markets including selling inhalers to people who could not get access.