@_author: rob_woodus
@_date: 2019-01-03 16:28:38
This video just made me realize what a major adoption problem is for Bitcoin.  There is no bank!  
In other words, there is no support system of people who are looking out for your money (whether or not it's because they are using you) on your behalf.  Most people would be lucky to understand even half of how blockchain technology works. Without that "parenting" figure as a buffer I'm not sure this will replace banks. Will Coinbase evolve to be the new bank?
@_date: 2018-07-30 15:14:05
Thinking that Bitcoin frees an economy is like thinking that the cell phone frees communication or Uber frees travel.  It's just a digital and efficient means of accomplishing what we've always done while agreeing that it's okay to require everyone to adopt a technology.
Someone else will own the infrastructure and you will pay to use it.  
And if you don't think an entity can control something as decentralized and open as Bitcoin, then I would ask you to think about another essential of life that is decentralized and open yet nearly impossible to acquire without cost or regulation... water.
Blockchain is cool technology and maybe it's a step towards something better.  But let's not pretend it's the beginning of a revolution.  The mere existence of capitalism in any form holds us back as a society.   I believe we will only begin to see exponential gains in our quality of life when we eliminate capital wealth and instead focus on the success of all as one.
Edit: wording.
@_date: 2018-07-31 21:20:09
A monetary system is necessary because as a whole humanity has been conditioned to be egocentric, aggressively competitive animals.  We need to hold value for work and own things because we are in **constant competition.** This fairness you are so concerned with is only an issue when you are focused on fighting for yourself. (Why did the castaways feed the orphan?)  This is not the most ideal society because when there is competition there are both winners AND losers.  If we want to advance as a race then we don't want any of us to suffer loss.
When there is a lazy person we don't assume their lack of work is punishing those who labor.  We instead work as a society to discover what is going on in their life.  We may find mental illness, but we may also find hidden genius when we support them as a part of humanity.  When there is mental illness in one, we don't say "Well you're on your own.  Good luck." We instead work to understand why this is the case and we all own the issue until we can improve it.  But most importantly we try to avoid a narrow view of what it means to be a human and how a human can "add value."  Just being human is enough.
When you are a part of a society that wants the best for everyone you don't have to worry about unfair treatment because what is bad for you is bad for everyone.  The greater society will see your difficulties and step in to change them.  But you won't care because you will know your efforts have gone to the good of everyone.  I like to think this is what it means to be family.  A family doesn't have to have money to keep track of each others efforts.
Most people defend a financial system as if it is a moral imperative.  It isn't.  Imagine our species 1000 years from now.  Will we all still be tracking "dollars" or "clicks" or "crypto points?"  If you're answer is yes then please realize you are proposing that the concept of "value tracking" as you might call it will not evolve.  Does this seem right?  If not then why not imagine what it could be.  And if you can imagine something that feels better.  Then why not work towards it?  
That's what I'm doing and though we may differ, I'm glad people like you who know so much are focused on it too.
@_date: 2018-07-31 17:28:24
Hey, thanks for replying.  I realize I'm talking about something almost impossible to imagine at this point.  But it comes down to the way we treat each other.  If we are all separate beings battling for resources then it is in the best interest of the individual to win at any cost, specifically at the expense of others.  After all that's the point.  Be the best.  Have the most.
However, if we instead are all one race and we treat our oneness as the imperative, then we can still have individuals that experience greatness without the necessity for it to come at the expense of another.  Because our overall success is the most important.  A win for one is a win for all.  And the problems of the few are the problems of the many.  It's the opposite of now.
@_date: 2018-07-31 08:15:52
There is no fallacy.  Crypto-currency does not address fairness.  What I think you are referring to is the inability of governments to change the amount of currency on the market at will, whereas Bitcoin has a fixed quantity.  But this is also ,in a sense, not true.  Bitcoin has and continues to be traded at ever-increasing fractional values of which there is no technical limit. 
I call this the Coconut Conundrum.  And if you'll indulge me, it goes like this:
Ten adult travellers and one orphan are castaway on an island where they soon find a lone palm tree and some coconuts.  Since there is a fixed number they agree to assign ownership of these coconuts based on work and trade them for resources.  They all agree that they will spare the orphan from the trade burden and share in his care-taking responsibilities.  They start by trading whole coconuts and evenly sharing the workloads and all seems fine.
But, tribes being tribes, some more skilled workers start to earn more coconuts than they spend.  This disrupts the even distribution of coconuts, leaving some with much and some with little or none.  Although the palm tree gives new coconuts each year, these new coconuts must be shared evenly among the tribe and over time demand again out-paces the supply of coconuts for trade.  
Hearing this the orphan suggests that the adults should break all of their coconuts into smaller pieces.  Now the pieces should hold less value but the greater demand brings things into balance.  All seems right again, yet a problem remains.  The coconut conundrum.  
Those who continue to earn more than they spend grow a glut of coconut wealth.  Not only do they have an excessive amount of coconuts, but the value of what they posses has continually increased due to "splits."  Now they find that they really aren't happy with gaining new coconut wealth.  For most of the tribe the value seems fair.  They are buying more with less.  But for the wealthy coconut holders the small transactions are no longer enough motivation.  They need more incentive to produce their resources.  But more importantly, they have grand ideas for the tribe of bigger and better things that only they and their wealth could hope to achieve.
So the wealthy ask the tribe to allow changes that will help them achieve their goals.  "These changes are for the good of the many," they say.  And the many, seeing no downside, accepts.
So the wealthy use their great leverage to change the rules of trade.  They control the promised new opportunities for resources and in doing so make it more difficult for tribe members to purchase their goods.  Coconuts are no longer enough.  The wealthy have achieved so much that they not only control the majority of resources, but in fact the very lives of the other tribe members.  The castaways become more miserable than the day they were lost. They need the wealthy producers and their goods in order to survive.  Yet they claim they are trapped by the very system that they themselves agreed to create. 
In desperation they grasp for solutions.  "We could plant a new palm tree," they say. "We could use fruit instead," they say.  "We could steal the coconuts back," they say.  But all of these ideas seem to leave them right back where they were when they started.  "There must be something else we could do with the coconuts in order to reward members for their work and at the same time take care of everyone on the island," they say.
And hearing this the orphan - having now been on the island for several years - says, "I've never owned a coconut.  What if we just eat them?"
@_date: 2018-12-24 00:39:26
This! Bitcoin without Internet doesn't spend very well.