@_author: robblse
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:26:13
Excellent, I really like to see how people came together on this. By late last night there were at least 5 seperate threads on reddit and bitcointalk about somehow reaching out to Dorian Nakamoto to provide some kind of donation to him from the community. This is the thread that will pull them together.
I just donated 0.015BTC
@_date: 2014-06-23 07:41:01
Good on both of you, but remember: it is these mining companies that are building the devices that are going to be maintaining the computer community that sustains the bitcoin network over the long run. We are only half way through the total bitcoin that will be created (12.9 million / 21 million)/ 
Do you feel any better that it is the companies that profit the most from ripping people off, and are the greediest, that are going to be the ones making the most bitcoin from mining in the future? And so these companies are going to do the best out of the longterm growth and popularity of bitcoin? I don't feel very good about that.
If you don't trust them now, beware the longterm implications of these companies running the backend of the bitcoin network.
This, to me, is the number one reason to be interested in altcoins that have different kinds of mining networks behind them, and that aim to be more decentralized and egalitarian in their distribution (like Vertcoin for example).
(Disclosure: I am far more invested in bitcoin than any other cryptocurrency (4:1), but for the reason stated above I also hold a fair amount of VTC, PPC, XPM, LTC and DRK, because they each have a unique, valuable mode of sustaining a P2P distributed network over time, and a more fair and equal way of doing so.)
@_date: 2014-06-23 09:22:01
I think Bitcoin should remain as it is. Any adjustment to the hashing algorithm would shake faith in the currency, and these mining companies did take a risk and invest in bitcoin and strengthen its infrastucture to make it what it is. For that, I think bitcoin should deserve to be the most valuable cryptocurrency. But we should recognize the world bitcoin is born into is an unequal world, and these inequalities are reflected and reproduced in the bitcoin world.
My point is that we ought to appreciate that other cryptocurrencies offer important alternatives in more ways than just alternative currencies, networks, or hashing algorithms - They offer different principles and models of distribution, and 'tweaked' community orientation that can make them appealing for other reasons (see Vertcoin's obsession with decentralization, for example). They add variety and value to the cryptocurrency community as a whole.
I have stopped seeing things as bitcoin vs. altcoins, or any altcoins vs. other altcoins as if  there was *'the one best currency that we should all use* -- I don't like that universalizing, winner-take-all attitude. Instead I think it's important for the idea of P2P cryptocurrency that the the cryptocurrency communities be diversified, represent different principles, and have different stories. 
Bitcoin is part of all of those stories, but it doesn't have to be a zero-sum game. Digital currency should not be monopolized by one, or even two or three cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2014-08-23 03:31:29
... And Vertcoin! :D
(Note: VTC makes up only a very small portion of the cryptocurrency I am holding, I mention it specifically because it took the 'decentralized mining network' and 'ASIC resistant' baton from Litecoin and ran with it)
@_date: 2014-06-05 18:12:06
it's a great time to buy silver!
@_date: 2013-10-26 19:36:04
I have been reading his work and following his activism for years, even if you disagree with his research and politics, it is hard not to be inspired by his conviction, strength, and commitment to taking personal action to address the nuclear, ecological, and political crises facing the planet. 
He has now been assaulted in Ecuador and desperately needs funds to cover his health and legal costs. I have donated cash and bitcoin, and I also figured I could support him by publicizing his work and his need in this forum.
His bitcoin address is at the bottom of the page of his latest blog post. It is: 1Dht92qEzCmvuLRKQD2MSJ1JdQ7rFRMVdA
More information on him can be found on his [blog]( his books are on [amazon]( 
And here is an article on his most recent arrest for anti-nuclear activism on [wired]( 
Richard Sauder is dead serious. The Wired article is written a little facetiously, but hey, as Russell Brand says: "Facetiousness has as much value as seriousness"
@_date: 2013-10-26 20:42:55
Yes, I saw that but I don't believe it at all. First, I don't trust NASA as a source for public health issues. Second, the ongoing Fukushima disaster will likely poison and kill many tens of thousands in the near term. 
Finally, the question is somewhat irrelevant to Richard Sauder's activism as his major personal protests have taken place on nuclear missile silos not nuclear power plants (although I am certain he would like to see most of them closed too.. especially the older ones that vulnerable in the same way Fukushima was, or the ones contributing to the nuclear waste which will be extremely toxic for thousands of years and we have no safe way of containing over time, and will [poison generations to come]( in ways that NASA couldn't possibly predict.)
