@_author: robbak
@_date: 2016-08-25 04:36:19
Of course, with bitcoin we are deciding to create that same problem, now and unnecessarily, with a hard limit. 
No one argues that the size of blocks should be made to grow beyond the network's ability to distribute and store them. That's just a strawman.
@_date: 2018-01-22 12:35:45
Not by soft fork, because 'who gets what' is a core part of a transaction, and altering that is hard fork territory - not that there is anything wrong with that. And preventing a miner taking the highest fee would be hard. I'm sure miners would find a way around it. And part of bitcoin's pseudonymity is not knowing which is the transaction and which the change
@_date: 2018-01-14 11:17:11
Both of them are complex changes to their system, with lots of opportunities to introduce security problems serious enough to kill them. They need to be real careful.
And for the moment, the problem can be cleanly worked around by paying a little higher fee, which they can calculate better than most others on the network. 
Risk of introducing an enterprise-destroying security bug. Benefit of reducing the fees paid by their customers by a few dollars. Result: delay.
@_date: 2018-01-08 08:00:55
What's the point of a timestamp? It's not like it would have to be accurate if there was one. All a timestamp would do is make the transactions bigger, and one of the major design drivers of the transaction format was making them as small as is compatible with simplicity.
The only place where a timestap is useful is in the blocks themselves, and there is one there. However, it is universally gamed to the extent that other nodes will allow.
@_date: 2018-01-08 07:26:10
Do you want miners to always mine the oldest transactions, regardless of fee? Well, for one, that would completely paralyze bitcoin. All transactions would sit in the queue for 14 days, when a small number of transactions would be mined, while the rest time out.
In addition, there would be nothing stopping people claiming that their transactions were really old to get their transactions mined first. And there isn't a timestamp in the transaction format, so you can't know how old a transaction is.
@_date: 2018-01-30 11:30:46
If running costs such as power are more than return, people will turn them off. People will be mining at a loss when they factor in standing costs and financing costs. Others may keep mining in the hope that the price will rise again. In any case, with the high block rate at the moment, the next adjustment will be sharply up; this is likely to price a reasonable amount of hash power out of the market, meaning that the adjustment will overshoot.
So if you have some coins you'd like to consolidate, this is the time. It won't last. Still, good to know that, at this time, blockspace demand is not too far from the supply. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 11:19:32
Estimating fee is very difficult. You are predicting how many transactions will be put on the chain before the next bock is mined. Even when the next block is mined is unknowable, and what the rest of the world is going to do, unpredictable. So to be sure that your transaction will be included in the next block, you have to pay considerably above the minimum fee that was included in the last block.
~~For one block in the last few hours, 300 was the minimum fee to be included. Some 300 sat/byte transactions were left in the pool, because there wasn't the space for them.~~(re-checked the graph). And we can't know whether this current low period will continue. You could put a 300 sat/byte transaction in the pool, and not have it confirmed at all, because mining effort may drop off slightly, or demand grow a little. The pool is trending down, but it's still on a knife's edge.
@_date: 2018-01-30 07:23:36
No, it's dropping because mining is currently running at about 10 blocks per hour, which is slightly more than current blockspace demand. The next difficulty adjustment will 'fix' this, and the mempool will fill up again.
@_date: 2018-01-30 11:03:20
More mining effort coming on line, I'd assume. Probably persons getting into mining based on the recent peak prices. If so, look to see them drop out again when the difficulty rises making mining less profitable. That may leave us with 4 blocks per hour - which will spike fees again!
@_date: 2018-01-20 04:25:35
Influential persons in the bitcoin community decided to stop the planned increases in the amount of data, and therefore transactions, that can be included in a block. This means that everyone who wants to transact must compete for a limited amount of space in each block. At the moment, there are more people wanting to send transactions than are allowed per block.
Lightning is a scheme to allow transactions between people without using the blockchain. The idea is that, if you and somebody else have bitcoin to spare, you can lock some up in a 'payment channel', and that allows you to send those coins between you by trading messages that say, 'Now more of this coin belongs to you', or 'now more of this coin belongs to me'. These messages could later be broadcast and included in a block (assuming you can pay the fee) to close the channel and recover the coin. It is hoped that with many people having many channels open with each other, they can send coin to anyone by routing transactions through other person's open channels. But there are many problems with this, some of which are actual unsolved problems in computing generally, and some of which are generally held to be unsolvable.
@_date: 2017-12-12 11:03:59
It has been featured - inaccurately, of course - on commercial TV, and the ABC news finance section covers it fairly regularly.
@_date: 2017-12-19 03:12:08
Once you make and transmit a transaction, it still exists even if you give up on it. It will not have disappeared, and it could still be transmitted by anyone and mined at some time in the future. The only way to prevent this is to wait until everyone has dropped it from their working memories, and then transmit a different transaction that spends one or more of its inputs, and getting that transaction mined - thereby invalidating the other transaction. 
I don't believe that myceluim supports this. You would need to import your wallet into some other platform - with the risks entailed in that.
@_date: 2017-12-15 13:07:00
It is clear that there has to be a way to adjust the consensus. We have had them in the past - one of them was to add the limit that has become such a problem, there was a bug years ago that needed an emergency consensus upgrade, the current limit will have to be changed sometime, and there will need to be one to introduce schnor signatures if that comes about.
So, where do you put the line between 'breaking consensus' and 'upgrading the consensus'? What if a small group of powerful individuals tried to block a needed upgrade for selfish or malicious reasons?
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:16:07
If all you know is the address, then you have nothing. The bitcoin belongs to whoever holds the private key.
We will need to know more about what you did with them before we can help you. Did you buy it on some exchange and not withdraw it? Did you use some online wallet, or wallet software on a phone or computer?
If you have the password protected private key, but have lost the password, then brute-forcing it should be doable using software running on a computer with a decent graphics card to do the heavy lifting, provided you have some idea of what the password was - some generic word with some capital letters and/or leet-speak or appended numbers, say.
@_date: 2017-12-30 08:13:21
It takes a little time to receive a whole block and verify that it is valid. So, once miners receive the headers of a new block, they set themselves mining an empty block based on those headers. If they find a new block while doing this, it is published. That is what this block would be.
A few seconds later, the miners will have received and verified the block, and, as they know which transactions have been mined, they will be able to work out a block full of new transactions, and will switch to mining based on that.
@_date: 2017-12-15 07:07:09
They were a very good, very liquid, exceptionally trouble-free exchange for a long time. Withdrawals of both fiat and BTC worked well, until they had problems with the theft, and the seizure of funds moved to the U.S. 
They clearly knew what they were doing when they moved their codebase from trading MtG cards to bitcoin. The problems happened much later.
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:59:23
Why are you bringing up core? I didn't mention them at all. Can we keep it that way?
What evidence do you need for considering something to be a future possibility? For me, it is just 'local rationality'. Would blocking consensus be a logical thing for someone who wanted to damage, limit or restrict bitcoin to do? I think that statement is self-evident. If so, then we need a way to deal with that situation.
@_date: 2017-12-25 11:33:11
That would be the case if there wasn't a size limit on the blocks. The transactions all have to fit into one of the 1MB blocks, so size is the important thing. The fee value is irrelevant.
But I agree that count of transactions shouldn't be the first graph. That one is also largely irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-12-16 06:35:06
There are no coins against the address in that label field ( so synchronizing those transactions won't help you. However, you can get bitcoin to tell you what outputs those transactions are spending, and if they are still live, then broadcasting them would give you the funds. 
I think you can get the information by double-clicking (or right clicking, I forget) on the transaction. You can then track them further using blockchain.info.
But whatever you do, don't do anything with the 'private keys'. They allow anyone to spend your coin.
@_date: 2017-12-04 06:20:24
The original design is that by that time, so many transactions will be put in each block, that the sub-penny fees on most of them will provide enough of a reward to keep mining profitable.
Current plan is that block sizes will remain constrained, meaning there will be a small number of higher fee paying transactions to pay for mining.
A third possibility is that by that time, 1 satoshi will be far too coarse, having a value of many of today's dollars, and we will need to adjust to protocol to allow for smaller amounts. If this happens, the change may also allow the regular halving of the block reward to continue, as a block reward of less than a satoshi could then be paid. (That's what currently will finish the block reward.)
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:32:49
Mycellium does provide you the BIP39 seed phrase as a backup, which can be imported into many wallets.
@_date: 2017-12-24 09:34:07
Segwit won't make much difference, to miner profits or capacity; and LN will work on Cash at least as well as it will on Core, as both of them have a fix for malleability.
@_date: 2017-12-25 03:55:03
Bitcoin is (or, was) meant to be a way for people to transact - to send value between them, without them having to seek the permission of some third party. Exactly the same as cash, but without having to meet and exchange physical tokens. We can't do this with bitcoin anymore, and I think that is something that should have been fixed.
I also don't agree that larger blocks - especially to some level that is reasonable at this time - will cause centralization. And if we use fiat for out transactions, using centralized payment services, then what's the point?
@_date: 2017-12-18 11:08:04
No, not him. This has multiple underscores, Roger only has one. So, beware, [deleted], you are being replied to by someone who is imitating a known figure.
@_date: 2017-12-26 13:22:26
Value at the time you trade is either the price in USD you bought or sold it for, or the price in USD of the asset you bought at the time you bought it(if you traded between currencies). Generally. I mean, tax laws fill libraries, not books. That then becomes the cost of the new asset, which you then use to calculate your profit (or loss) when you sold it.
As for the rate - you'd have to talk someone who knows your country's tax code - like others in this thread. Often there is a minimum tax rate for capital gains, sometimes capital gains tax is less than income tax rates.
And there may be a provision to treat a bunch of activity as a group, and just account for the value at the start of your trading, and the value at the end. That depends on your tax laws, but laws often assume that someone doing this kind of trading has the support of a whole accounting division.
@_date: 2017-12-19 08:07:36
It is just how they show transactions. They delete the outputs from your account when they create and broadcast the transaction, and add any change outputs back. 
I'm afraid I don't know how those wallets will handle matters. The mycellium wallet may restore the balance and allow you to re-send the coin when the transaction leaves miner's mempools - but I don't know.
@_date: 2017-12-26 12:51:39
Yes, that's the sort of thing you have to do. The fees are expenses. Export all that info from the exchanges into a spreadsheet.
You will end up paying taxes on your NET profits - what you gain, minus what you have lost. You will also be able to make allowances for office-type expenses too - power for the computer etc. In the end, your tax will end up being just on the 40k you take as profit, unless you can find a trading loss somewhere else you can use to reduce it further.
But if you have been buying and selling or trading between different currencies, then you have already incurred taxes.
@_date: 2017-12-03 12:29:17
Sorry! I'm sure some of them should be semicolons and dashes.
@_date: 2017-12-03 02:58:08
That is at least an indication that bitcoin was run on that computer. That contains bitcoin blocks that mined before 2015.
However, it is not the wallet.dat file that would contain private keys - but is is an indication that you should look for a wallet.dat file, or other container of private keys.
@_date: 2017-12-03 04:32:37
Yes, if someone can find such an algorythm, it will be good. DNS, however, isn't a model, because it is still centralized, a public register of everyone's identity, managed by ICANN.
@_date: 2017-12-15 11:16:36
Thankfully, implementing a macro that redirects all support requests including the word 'segwit' to the circular file is a lot less risky than complex segwit changes. If you want more capacity and don't mind larger blocks, then you know how to get it, simply and safely. Lodge your PRs at github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin
@_date: 2017-12-16 05:37:49
I've never met anyone who supports BCash. I doubt that project will get off the ground. It's dead before it started, and wasn't ever important. 
This sub is about bitcoin, whether cash or segwit. You could even discuss -gold here if you can find anyone interested. This sub is very positive, too. We want to see the peer-to-peer cryptocurrency survive, whereas the other sub seems to have completely given up on that.
@_date: 2017-12-24 10:05:29
Multisig has been part of bitcoin from the start, and remains part of both chains.
@_date: 2017-12-16 07:08:41
None that I know of. It works, although you will have to be careful about suggested fees - but no wallets are good at determining how much fee is required. And you have will the option of receiving and sending Cash payments if you ever need to.
@_date: 2017-12-19 00:46:48
Probably trying to fatten accounts for slaughter.
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:47:43
They would do arranging the protocol to not allow miners that control. Miners would be paid for securing the network, but all other functions - issuing or retiring coin, blacklisting outputs etc., would remain in their control.
@_date: 2017-12-17 12:14:53
It looks like only 300-500 sat/byte transactions are getting confirmed at this time, so the correct fee at the moment is in that range. If they paid in the 140-300 range, they'd be left in the queue for some time - a long time if others are prepared to pay 300+.
@_date: 2017-12-26 13:47:00
What do you want explained? The 1MB limit was added so that a malicious miner couldn't create a ridiculously oversize block (blocks were easy to mine back then), which would crash most nodes/wallets. Raising that limit again isn't hard - you just program the client to accept larger blocks at a certain time, based on number of blocks created (the block number, which is the number of blocks since the first one).
There was also an alert system, where a person with access to a certain private key could push out an alert message by broadcasting it on the bitcoin network. As long as it was signed, that message would be displayed on all clients. That system has been removed from Bitcoin-Core, as the key was also in the hands of someone who was no longer a committer of the bitcoin core repository.
@_date: 2017-12-15 06:54:16
Some of these ATMs are run by people who have large holdings from early days. In that case, they are being used to sell coin to pay for the owner's living expenses.
@_date: 2017-12-15 13:23:16
So, again, what do you consider consensus? Universal agreement by everyone who knows about bitcoin? That's not possible. Decision by core, everyone else be dammed? That seems to be the current situation. Could consensus be gained without the support of one small group of people with control of the github repo? I would certainly hope so.
@_date: 2017-12-03 03:08:17
Good one! Let us know. Of course, it is likely just someone who installed it, started it up, and uninstalled it again. But you could be lucky - in 2015 there were some faucets that paid amounts that might be worth today's transaction fees.
@_date: 2017-12-27 05:20:12
There is no difference between a Bitcoin Cash address and Bitcoin Core address. They will both produce an output spendable by the public key for the address. When someone identifies it as a -Cash address, it just means that they are watching for transactions confirmed on the -Cash chain.
So if you accidentally send one when you meant to send the other, just alert the recipient. They just need to export the private key and load it into a wallet supporting the chain you sent it on.
@_date: 2017-12-18 11:36:43
As you are aware, the net had no rules for most of its existence. It was, after all, built with the assumption that those involved were universities and colleges, who were all working to improve access for everyone. 
NN became an issue in 2007 when Comcast started firing RST commands whenever it saw a BitTorrent connection. The FCC immediately took action, and we've had NN controls in various forms since then.
So it is kind of like speed limits. We haven't had them for as long as we have had laws, but as soon as speeding became an issue, we have.
@_date: 2017-12-03 03:26:36
As this is a compounding, or exponential situation, it is more accurate to say that it needs a daily growth of  1.15%. That's still extreme, but not completely impossible.
^(Edit: didn't check that this came from back in July. Recalculated based on it hitting his price by July 2020)
@_date: 2017-12-11 04:20:11
If you bought or sold bitcoin for cash on Coinbase, then those transactions would be considered taxible events. When buying, you have to keep a record of it (including fees and expenses incurred) so you can establish how much those coin cost you overall when it comes time to sell them (or use them to buy something - the status of these transactions is less clear). If you sold bitcoin for cash at Coinbase, then you would have made either a gain or a loss, which would have to be reported in your tax return. It is these transactions that the IRS will be crossmatching.
Transferring coin off an exchange, or between exchanges, isn't itself a taxable event, any more than transferring funds between your bank accounts would be.
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:21:01
S2X didn't create it's own fork because both the Segwit and the 2X parts were both compromises by those who enabled it (before backing out). They didn't want Segwit, and did want more than 2X, but compromised on both in the hope of ending the debate, and preventing forks. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:15:56
It is my opinion that 'agreement among everyone' is not a reasonable requirement. You will never get agreement among everyone. There are people who hold that malleability is an intentional, useful feature of bitcoin that should not be removed (I don't agree with or even understand their arguments.)
And whether or not blocking consensus for malicious reasons has already happened, you can't deny that it is something that can happen - even that it is something that is likely to happen. There are powerful people with vested interests in killing bitcoin, and killing a needed change in consensus sounds like a way this could happen. How do we make sure that 'consensus' allows us to override such behavior?
@_date: 2017-12-30 06:29:31
Depends on what you mean by a paper wallet. The basic kind of 'paper wallet' is a record of an address and public key that can spend a single bitcoin output. You can only spend this whole output in a single transaction. Generally, if you only need to pay someone part of it, you would create a transaction with two outputs - one to the recipient, and you would create a new paper wallet and send the change to that new paper wallet's address, remembering to include an appropriate fee.
Not keeping track of change outputs has lost people bitcoin. They have installed wallet software, imported their paper wallet's private key, spent some of it, and then deleted their wallet software - including the private key for the change address it created.
The other kind of paper wallet is a record of the passphrase of a HD wallet. That HD wallet can generate many addresses, and these addresses can spend many outputs.  This passphrase can be loaded into any HD wallet software, and when you spend using HD wallet software, it will generate a new address to send the change too. Then, if you use this software, or load the passphrase into some other software, it will be able to locate and spend the change from there too.
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:55:55
Well, it's that or die. And they seem to be choosing the latter, which makes no sense to me, either. They seem to be putting a lot of faith in lightning, but the central issue - that of routing, allowing you to find a path of payment channels from you to an arbitrary recipient - seems to be an NP-complete problem.
@_date: 2017-12-16 06:17:21
bcash's competition is other zero-knowledge proof cryptocurrency ideas. But as I said, it won't even come into existence, so should be forgotten. I don't know why people keep bringing it up.
If bitcoin core resolves congestion, then it will survive. They show no sign of moving in that direction, though. The only option for them seems to be centralized sidechains.
@_date: 2017-12-04 05:54:38
It actually increases - but by a small amount - the size of a transaction. But it means that some of that data should be charged fees at a lower rate. But wide adoption of Segwit should increase throughput by a small amount.
@_date: 2017-12-09 07:17:57
You'll find likeminded folks at another place.
@_date: 2017-12-18 11:18:05
I agree that this is an issue. One thing that ISPs will love to do is prevent connections between customers. They love the client-server model, as it is easy to manage. Peer-to-peer is harder to manage. If they limit the world to peer-to-peer, then they can stick to IPv4 and just NAT everyone. ISPs are also closely related (or just owned by) big content creators, and client/server is easier to manage copyright on. And the loss of peer-to-peer connections makes a peer-to-peer currency a lot more difficult. 
That said, bitcoin would still work if we all connected to 'server' peers in data centers, but that isn't the bitcoin we all envisioned.
@_date: 2017-12-16 14:01:21
Really? As far as I know, bcash hasn't gone much beyond a fork of the zcash repo. The only github I can find hasn't seen a commit since August. I assumed it was completely dead.
Bitcoin Cash, however, is alive and well.
@_date: 2017-12-15 13:12:07
So if S2X had gone ahead - it had solid majority consensus, just about everyone except the core committers - you'd have followed the consensus and off core?
@_date: 2017-12-17 12:38:08
It didn't show that when he posted the link, or at least when I viewed it. Since then cheaper transactions have been mined, eating into the bank of 50+ transactions. 
@_date: 2017-12-18 11:59:00
We have had it from the start - at first, because that's what everyone did and because that's how the internet works; and as soon as someone didn't, it became the law.
And this all happened well before '2 years ago', which is the lie the FCC promulgates.
@_date: 2017-12-04 08:37:15
How do you think this will go if a nation state or well-funded corporation founds a cryptocurrency, using the same SHA256 algo as bitcoin, but backs their currency so that mining their currency will always be twice as profitable as mining bitcoin? How would bitcoin survive that - apart from by dumping that 'most powerful computer network' entirely by switching hash functions?
@_date: 2017-12-03 03:13:35
You should be able to install the software and see if there was a balance before it downloads the entire chain. You can also get it to display the public bitcoin addresses, which you can enter into any blockchain website to see if there are any outputs on them.
It is only the private keys that need to be kept secure. I'd only be concerned with entering the addresses if there were large balances on them, and you'd like to keep that securely private.
@_date: 2017-12-18 11:12:31
One of the lies told by the FCC is that NN is only 2 years old. NN has been the rule from the start. The new NN rules were just changing the legal basis for the regulation after an ISP successfully challenged the old basis. The court that ruled against the old bases even said 'you should instead do it this way', which is what the FCC did.
@_date: 2017-12-16 06:52:33
Bitcoin.com's wallet is perfectly legitimate. It is just that Bitcoin.com considers Bitcoin Cash as legitimate, and their wallet software supports it as well as Bitcoin Core. This sub considers support of Bitcoin Cash as 'fraud'. You should make your own decision about this.
@_date: 2017-12-30 07:07:52
Sorry, I have no experience with other cryptos, only the bitcoin family.
@_date: 2017-12-26 12:37:49
Keep records and report it on your taxes. Pay the tax that is due. The taxman won't mind at all.
Tax is only due on profits, less expenses, including fees and interest paid on the loan - so how you describe it is about how it goes. Oh, and if you haven't already, cash out 10k and pay that loan back. You got lucky - breaking shins with family members goes bad more often than not - so get that liability out of the way as fast as you can.
@_date: 2015-06-22 03:59:46
Because they are still the best, and are not controlled by corporations with agendas like facebook, twitter and Google.
You could host your own forum, but technicians on those spend most of their time complaining about the forum software.
@_date: 2015-06-22 04:09:03
Most algorythmic trading only loads down the market. It does so by posting bids and buys that never get executed. Only the trading companies' computers need deal with this load.
Most of the bids and buys that actually happen due to this also happen only on the trading companies' books. They don't hit the blockchain and the system until someone withdraws bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-03 21:51:27
They are going to be returned to their owners, the creditors who had coin deposited in their MtGox accounts.
@_date: 2014-02-13 07:07:31
Not a problem - although you'll get further in your conversations if you don't use 3 commas, fullstops or hyphens in a row.
I don't see how the paper-boy problem is relevant. Many times throughout history, a commodity - stock, bond or good - is purchased by someone cheap, and it then goes up in value. A company going through bad times, the currency of a country that has a problem that gets resolved, or some mineral that was useless until a scientist found it did something wonderful. What someone purchased it for isn't relevant, what someone else will purchase it for now is.
The value of a crypto-currency is the ability to transfer wealth between two persons without either of them trusting a third party, or even each other, without restrictions or excessive fees. It allows me to pay someone in Cuba or Iran for something, even if no financial institution will do the transfer. If they can get a short string of characters, I can pay them.
@_date: 2014-01-16 02:09:42
Banks have digital currency now - the transfers between banks, the credit card system etc. are all digital currencies.
The odd piece of paper handed out by the ATM machine or over the counter doesn't make up much of their business.
The idea of our digital currency is one that is not controlled by any central body. Theirs is one that is controlled by a central body - them.
@_date: 2014-02-12 08:57:27
So, is FT.com an offshoot of The Onion? Sure seems like it.
Well, if central banks want 'control' of bitcoin, they can just buy a few million dollars worth, and buy and sell them at a fixed price
@_date: 2018-08-03 13:04:00
As they have more than enough cash funds to cover MtGox' cash liabilities, they truly won't need to do any further liquidation.
@_date: 2014-02-11 03:13:03
Pretty much guaranteed. The malleability problem is on its way to being solved, and MtGOX will fix their software, although they are still in the process of working out the best method. I, for one, don't want them to rush and push out something with other bugs.
So - no problems, might take a month.
@_date: 2014-03-16 00:46:29
Yes, yes, it's not 20%, it's 21%. (10% + 10% of  ( Price + 10% ))
@_date: 2014-02-12 06:24:42
Long term they will make adjustments to the protocol to lock down the format of a transaction so that you cannot change the transaction and it's TXID, and still have it accepted, mined and confirmed. It was part of this effort that kicked off this brouhaha.
Short term, probably agree on a separate hash that can be used to id transactions that cannot be changed.
@_date: 2014-09-15 00:30:52
It is moved, from the on-card NV-storage to the on-card RAM to the on-card CPU registers, and at each of these moves the key is vulnerable to attacks that read EM signals or analyze power useage.
Jaw is the key protected during these transfers?
@_date: 2014-02-07 07:32:45
On the positive side, some people may have reason to believe that Gox's USD transfer problems are about to work themselves out, so are selling coins at the premium. The negative angle is that persons may be assuming that the BTC withdrawal problems are permanent, so coins on GOX are worth less in their opinion.
@_date: 2014-02-12 04:58:54
You picked a bad time to start using MtGox' services!
Anyway, the transactions in were the green ones on that list. From there on the value was in MtGox' control, and they bundled the value up with other transactions in their storage accounts.
@_date: 2014-02-09 00:11:50
My choice would be to root it. Personally, I'd also flash it with a basic 'AOSP' rom, and add a 'minimal Gapps' to it, probably updating it to one of the 4.1 or 4.2 series (Jellybean) if you can. The older androids had problems with the random number generator, if you recall. Most of the wallets have worked around this, but you would be better off with it fixed.
At the very least, root it and strip out all the network's junk software.
@_date: 2014-01-09 07:06:41
Are we also seeing the orphaned blocks that would result from greedy mining?
@_date: 2014-01-05 00:08:10
Because it is hard to get US dollars out of MtGox. Their systems for doing USD withdrawals are clogged solid, and a withdrawal posted now won't complete within a month.
@_date: 2014-02-13 07:45:55
Price (of a traded commodity) is what everyone, collectively, by their actions, believes the value is.
That means that I really believe that 1BTC is worth $US650, because I am neither using all my cash to purchase it, nor selling all my coin to buy cash.
@_date: 2014-02-12 01:49:19
Yes - until today. Today persons - probably persons who just want this fixed - started messing with this on a large scale, and causing problems. Now we have seen, on a number of fronts, how much problems this can cause, they are doing something about it. And what they are doing is setting about actually fixing it - locking down the transaction format so it is not malleable. This is a better idea than MtGox's preferred solution, that of adding an immutable hash to use as an ID, although that solution would have been faster to push out.
@_date: 2014-01-20 11:49:03
As they are having problems with capacity for wires, a $20 withdrawal is unlikely to complete. They are going to use their limited capacity for the 5 figure withdrawals for big, profitable customers first.
@_date: 2014-02-12 11:23:50
Newton's 'laws' were only theories. Theories that we now know were incomplete. They didn't take into account special and general relativity.
That is just like economic theories. They are attempts to explain observations. And just like scientific theories, they can be useful, but will be found to be either wrong or incomplete.
@_date: 2014-02-22 04:53:58
Try the millennia during which the world's currency was based on non-deflationary precious metals. Growing economies occurred many times, and all that happened is that the precious metals used for currency became more valuable. This meant that there wasn't the sort of insane growth and lending bubbles that have plagued the current deflationary system.
@_date: 2014-02-07 09:25:16
If their customers keep posting 2 withdrawals in the time it takes Gox to process 1, then they will never catch up, until they arrange a way to do USD transfers that isn't individual international wire transfers.
I don't see how the commissions that are funding their business affect this at all.
@_date: 2014-05-21 12:17:02
They reacted quickly to get rid of a number of copycat scam apps, and caught the legitimate original in the process. Thankfully, a number of Google employees were watching reddit, and took action to put KryptoKit back up.
Personally, I think that they reacted as they should. They were right to stomp on the bad guys, and quickly - getting the malicious apps out fast was important. A bit of collateral damage is understandable, as long as it is promptly fixed.
@_date: 2014-03-16 00:56:57
All articles are supposition, so there is not much here to go on.
Note that there are many things that are sold that are not money but are not subject to GST. Phone card recharges are one of them. The merchant does not collect GST when he sells you a phone recharge. However, the phone company does collect GST when you use that recharge on your phone. The 'service' is telecom services, so the that is when you pay the GST. The voucher is not, so no GST is paid when you obtain it. Gift Cards are another exemption - you pay the GST when you redeem the gift card for a good or service.
So GST is likely only to be charged on the commissions, but even there there is a precedent for excluding them - Bank Fees. We do not pay GST on Bank Fees.
GST will always be payable when you obtain a good or service, no matter how you pay for it.
@_date: 2014-01-15 01:06:47
When it comes to it being 'fixed' - the 51% problem is inherent in the very concept of a blockchain. No matter how you tweak a blockchain system, if a person controls more power than the rest of the network, they control the blockchain. The only way around it is to give 100% of the power to someone you trust.
@_date: 2014-02-08 09:13:55
No, they do not partner with banks, apart from being customers of theirs, holding bank accounts, and trying very hard to accept and make bank transfers to and from their customers.
You put money or coin in your account, execute a trade with another customer, exchanging your money for their coin or vice versa, and then withdraw your newly purchased coin.
@_date: 2014-02-12 04:53:39
They should be downvoted too, because the days when you could economically mine with a GPU are long gone.
@_date: 2014-02-07 23:24:47
A person who buttonholed MtGox directors in their lobby presented his version of their conversation. Even through the ringing tinnitus of his paranoia, he confirmed what I suggested.
The problem is not their logistics, which they may be able to sort out by throwing staff at it, but the bank's logistics, and the extra checking that the banks are insisting on doing on their transactions.
I don't doubt that many of their problems are from limited staff numbers, dictated by a tight liquidity situation, and a refusal to pay expenses with customers' money. The staff is understandably focusing on getting stuff done, instead of talking to us.
@_date: 2014-09-14 11:14:09
Technically, what prevents an attacker using something like a read head from a hard or floppy drive, held against the chip in the right place, from picking up the key while it is being moved into RAM and/or into the registers during signing?
@_date: 2014-08-28 04:26:23
I point out that your last line, "The economic majority decides the future of Bitcoin, not miners alone," is the point made by the line you are complaining about, "banks and businesses built on top of Bitcoin would have to support the fork." If the people offering valuable things for bitcoin (businesses and 'banks') accept the fork, then the fork wins.
@_date: 2014-02-09 10:50:01
I was thinking 'for ease of getting your wallet app of choice on there', and also for 'google play services', which most apps use. But you should be able to sideload software, and your chosen wallet app might not use 'google play services': If so, then you are right - you don't need it.
@_date: 2014-03-27 08:11:30
A agent deposited money from one account he controlled and withdrew it to another account he controlled. He therefore concluded that they were acting as money transmitters.
Note that if he did not control both accounts, his actions would have been against the terms he agreed to when he signed up, and, if he had done it for amounts of any value, his account would have been closed.
@_date: 2014-02-10 12:06:34
The problem is (as it has been deduced around here) that MtGox was assuming that transactions whose TXIDs no longer existed did not happen, and were reusing the outputs. As the transaction actually had gone through under different TXIDs, those were actually double-spend attempts, so were not forwarded.
@_date: 2014-02-12 22:39:16
The world is not flat, but people thought that it is a sphere. That theory turned out to be wrong - it is an oblate spheroid - or that is the shape we use for it today. Similarly, something pulled things down, but what it was even Newton didn't address. He called it Gravity ('heaviness'), and worked out a mathematical model that fit it very well. We now have a better model that fits it better, but not perfectly, and theory about what it is, based on large masses bending spacetime which results in an apparent force. It is a very good theory, but we know that it is at least incomplete.
The difference between this and economic theory is that there is not a 'real universe' in economics. An economy is just the result of the decisions of a lot of independent persons. We only have measurements of what happened in situations in the past, and we try to apply what we learned to different situations in the future. When you have something completely new, then the past no longer applies.
@_date: 2014-05-21 03:16:31
Well, that's something like a 128-bit keyspace. It can't be brute forced. That is even assuming that the '4 characters' thing is correct, and whether the encrypted wallet is really a valid wallet. 
The person doing this knows that it is impossible, so this is about getting other persons to give him money by depositing more to that totally secure address.
@_date: 2014-02-12 06:53:09
OK. There are no economic laws, only economic theories that some people think are more important. This is true even if you capitalize random words in your statement.
@_date: 2014-02-13 04:42:33
Well - I won't. The claim that bitcoin will increase until nano- and femto-bitcoins are worth a dollar aren't credible. There is too much competition from altcoins. 
And everyone does not need to hold 1BTC. They can buy as little as they need. Everything would be fine if most persons entire savings were a few tens of μBTC, if bitcoin goes 'To The Moon', as is the ridiculous catch phrase around here.
As for the paperboy problem - Most of them will act like lotto millionaires, selling out and spending big, maybe coming out of it with a decent balance, maybe coming out of it with nothing. Maybe that's what you think of as a law.
I'd expect that Bitcoin will reach a peak value, as some other crypto-currencies with better features take over. This could end in a crash. 
So you could say that I expect most of the experience in other things to apply to Bitcoin too. After all, it is just humans buying, selling and using them, and humans are apt to act like humans. And it might be a poor way to run a national economy - but we are not trying to run a national economy. We are just trying to send value to one another without having to ask a regulator for permission, just like persons outside the internet have been doing, with cash, forever.
@_date: 2014-09-18 07:36:46
In the case of loss of or theft of the card, then there is no limit to what they can try. 
@_date: 2017-02-22 03:06:59
If the majority of users and miners agreed, then yes, the 21 million coin cap could be raised. What would have to happen is that almost all the miners, almost all the nodes and almost all the exchanges and merchants would have to upgrade to software that would accept it. This sort of consensus change is part of bitcoin's design.
The only way I see this happening is if the value keeps going up until 1 satoshi is now too valuable for everyday purchases. Under those conditions, the community could accept an upgrade that adds more decimal places, and keeps the block reward going by halving into those new decimal places. This would be feasible because the amount of new bitcoin generated would be minimal, so it would not greatly effect the value of existing coins.
This would not be a decision made soley by the miners. It is something that would be agreed upon by the entire network, in the same manner that Unlimited would be.
@_date: 2017-02-06 13:34:32
I disagree with this. I would expect most exchanges that are currently running to fold sometime in the next 10 years. If you don't want to lose it, get it out of any exchange as soon as the exchange allows. Store long-term on an exchange? That's an almost guaranteed loss.
And if you have it in an exchange and something happens, you'll be all set to sell in the panic, before sanity is restored and the price recovers as a solution to the problem is found.
@_date: 2015-05-30 07:48:11
What you want is not, therefore, a web wallet. You want a standalone wallet. Probably a good spv client. Mycelium is probably the pick of them. It is very good at getting you to create a backup. There is nothing stopping you from restoring that backup on a second computer, although it is not a good idea - it means that your keys can be stolen from two places, and you can easily, and accidentally attempt a double spend which will cause you trouble.
@_date: 2017-02-06 14:12:06
Maybe if you are logged on to the exchange when it happens. But if you have to find your logon details, restore the 2FA code to your phone and then logon? You'll lose 80%, and buy back when it recovers.
Stop loss orders on a collapsing market? What a joke. A stop loss order is only going to work if there's someone willing to buy it.
And see what happens when gdax gets into trouble and their insurer refuses to renew.
@_date: 2016-01-26 08:03:09
By the time 100 confirmations have happened, the game will be over. One chain will be irretrievably dominant, and the other, irrelevant. The first will be 'Bitcoin', and the other will be history.
@_date: 2017-03-28 04:17:47
Halving doesn't change in any way. And, like the BU proposal itself, any future change to it can't happen without support from users.
BU gives the network as a whole the ability to negotiate a block size. That's it. Yes, it is true that miners have more influence in that decision than non-mining nodes do, but that is true for everything in bitcoin - always has been. Miners could chose 100kb blocks now, and there is nothing we could do about it.
@_date: 2016-01-26 06:21:19
There will be two blockchains if there is a change - a hard fork - that not every miner is using before the change takes effect.
It won't be two currencies, as transactions posted would eventually be accepted by both chains. The important differences would be when a transaction that would be invalid in one chain - spending the other chains miner fees and bonus, for example - is accepted on the other chain. Most transactions, which would be valid in both chains, would be accepted in both chains. There also would be users running clients that may not have been updated to accept the new fork as valid.
Soon, one chain would prove that it had more miner power using it, and the other would be left behind and abandoned.
It really isn't a problem. The protocol is built to sort these things out. It would only be a problem if the ratio of supporting vs. non-supporting was closer than about 60/40, and even then the confusion would not last long.
@_date: 2017-03-22 12:18:08
Yup, easy to get everyone connected - they all open payment channels with one of a small number of nodes. That's my fear for what lightning will become.
@_date: 2016-03-17 03:40:18


One of the questions you would be asked - or one of the conditions in the contract you signed - would cover any additional load you may intend on adding. Adding a large mining rig to your house would definitely be breaking your contract.
Part of the deal would probably be adding a self-reporting 'smart meter' that would allow them to immediately detect and large increase in load.
@_date: 2016-03-04 00:35:17
Because people are reasonably confident that the problems will be solved. There are multiple solutions in the 'marketplace', and all that has to happen is enough support for one of them for it to be accepted.
There are current problems, but they are solvable. The problems are keeping the price down, but not making it crash further.
@_date: 2017-03-26 12:44:17
I think you are talking about what happens if a miner chooses, for some reason, to orphan a block - to not accept a broadcast block, and instead mine a different one, a replacement.
Normally, nothing happens. They find a block, but most nodes have already accepted the other block, and are mining on it. More blocks are found based on the original block, and when the miner does broadcast his block, it is just ignored.
The interesting thing happens if the miner (or his friends) mine two blocks before the rest of the network finds another block. Then what happens is called a 're-organization' The original block is now dropped, and the nodes switch to the newly mined blocks, as this is the 'longest chain'.
In this case, what happens to the transactions in the original block? Well, in most cases, these are the highest fees, highest priority transactions, so they would be included in the new block(s) as well. If they aren't, then they go back into the mempool, ready to be picked up by miners in future blocks.
@_date: 2017-02-06 13:17:01
People are angry, not sad. Some people don't want the changes proposed, but other people do. They all have made their side of the argument like their football team or country, and don't want to 'lose'. I trust that in the end, good decisions will be made, and bitcoin will continue to grow.
@_date: 2017-03-15 10:39:47
That's what I thought, too. Wouldn't you expect it to grow by 10x in roughly the same time, at least until it hits some kind of saturation?
@_date: 2017-03-25 11:29:31
Yes, the transactions are valid, but according to the current consensus rules, any segwit outputs can be claimed by anyone, and transactions spending them are valid transactions to be accepted, forwarded and mined. Segwit miners would then fork off the main chain by refusing to mine on those blocks.
And if you want to change consensus rules, great! Bundle a hard-fork segwit with your choice of blocksize adjustment protocol - a proposal that would gain almost universal support overnight.
@_date: 2017-03-22 10:34:56
Lightning can't help but be highly centralised - a small number of bank-like nodes who only transact with each other or their customers; and anyone who wants to transact will have to open a payment channel with one of them. Hardly anyone will have the free funds to be able to open many payment channels with many small businesses or acquaintances.
Maybe it would remain decentralised if fees drop so low that a user will be happy to create a small payment channel with one person, and then close it off and recover their funds to create another one a day or two later  - but that won't help scaling, because it will increase the amount of stuff confirmed on the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:54:35
You will have bitcoin. When you spend them, the transactions will confirm on both chains.
If you do tricky things, then you can create a transaction that will only confirm on one chain, and be rejected on the other, thereby 'splitting' your coins. I suspect that doing this will lead to your coins being rejected by many merchants and exchanges.
@_date: 2017-03-20 12:19:06
Blocks are full, transactions are expensive. Two groups have two different ideas of how to go forward from here.
One is that blocks should remain full and transactions should remain expensive, and most transactions should move to other layers such as proposed lightning networks. Before these networks can work, a fix for a bug called 'malleability' is needed to the bitcoin protocol. This fix, and some other changes, is provided by Soft-fork SegWit, provided by -core. They hold that block sizes will need to increase, but it is not needed now. However, as a concession to the other side, they have tweaked SegWit to allow a small increase.
The other group sees that blocks should not be full, and transactions should be cheaper.  They see that the most pressing issue is to increase the blocksize. They also see that this argument has been damaging, so it should be done away with. Their solution is a proposal called Bitcoin Unlimited, which removes the blocksize cap from code, and replaces it with a messaging system that allows miners to chose the blocksize together. This group sees that the malleability fix is required, but it is not urgent, as it can be worked around for merchants and traders. There is time to make such changes 'properly', when we are not under such blocksize pressure.
Layered on top of this on both sides is a heap of rhetoric and vilification. Peeling away these layers and analysing the arguments themselves is a real challenge. But as a user, it is your responsibility to do just that, decide the issues for yourself, and support the side that produces the bitcoin you want - while not falling victim to the rhetoric.
@_date: 2017-03-22 23:46:34
You need to commit some of your coin to open a payment channel, yes. One of the replies to my original post provided the description of what they hope LN will become, although I can't see it - that you open a few payment channels with nodes belonging to acquaintances and some businesses, and then make and receive payments from everyone, routed through those payment channels, in '[Six degrees of separation]( fashion. One thing behind their desire to keep blocks tiny is that this works better if everyone is running a full node. A participant in the lightning network should run an always-on node, so their node can see and react to a node closing their payment channel with an old state.
Their hope seems to be that all the transactions happen on lightning network(s), few transactions end up on the main chain, so fees on the chain don't grow out of hand. This leaves me worried that a multi-billion dollar economy would be supported by mining activity that, with few transactions, low fees and shrinking rewards, isn't profitable.
@_date: 2017-02-06 13:06:27
If you are running software that understands both sides of the fork - core, unlimited, segwit and non-segwit - then it won't matter that much to you. You'll keep tracking the leading chain, and could only have issues if there is a fork that about half the mining network rejects. That is very unlikely. 
Note that a client that will accept all proposals doesn't yet exist. But the code is all out there, it would only take a few hours to produce one, although it should be given some months of testing before general release.
If a fork happens as it should, almost all miners and all nodes accept it, and everything continues as normal. The few miners and nodes that don't accept it find themselves on a chain that mines a single block every day or so, being completely overwhelmed by the transaction backlog. The clients all get a warning because blocks with different rules are being seen. The hold-outs upgrade, grumbling, and bitcoin continues, with updated rules.
The important thing is that there will be only one 'bitcoin'. When you produce a transaction, all nodes will receive it. It will end up in all miner's mempools, and have a chance of being mined by all miners, on both chains. There will be differences, however - block rewards will only be valid on the chain where they were mined, so a transaction using coins that originate in a block reward will be accepted on one chain and not the other; a person could create two different, conflicting transactions and see to it that different versions are mined on the different chains, to deliberately split their funds between two chains. But all of this only happens if there are two functional blockchains - something that everyone knows is a bad thing, and all miners will reject.
So, make sure that the software you are running can follow the leading chain, no matter what is decided. And keep listening to bitcoin news from many sources so you know to be careful if and when such a thing happens.
@_date: 2017-03-26 12:54:17
Running a full node is a good way to support your side of the argument. But mining using purpose built processors has gone so far that using commodity hardware to mine is now just pointless.
So, yes: do run your choice of node. But don't set it to mine, unless electricity is free and you want to warm your home. Even then, you'd be better off mining some other coin that uses algos that still work on CPUs or GPUs, or supporting one of the  projects.
@_date: 2017-03-18 23:42:09
It depends on how contested the fork is. Hopefully, one side will have all the mining activity, the other will have none, and merchants will accept when a transaction is confirmed on the only functioning chain.
If it is split, and both chains are functional, - well, I'd reject any coins that aren't valid on both chains, and wait for the transaction to confirm on both, until things are sorted. Persons trying to split their coins between chains are, in my opinion, trying to commit a fraud; and mining outputs are unlikely to mature before the issue is sorted.
@_date: 2017-03-21 12:19:40
As long as the computer doesn't crash every few hours, people are surprisingly ignorant about their computers. If the computer has a GPU, and the person doesn't make heavy use of it, and the botnet doesn't also load the computer down with adware, the user probably will be deaf to the screaming fans.
@_date: 2016-01-18 08:12:33
It was closed for that reason, because they are blanket closing things that are not about the 2MB change. So they didn't consider it.
Well, only to the extent of making the statement, "It does not appear to be a favorable change."
When they consider things like this, you can be sure that the consideration will be short, decisive, and will result in the answer, NO. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 22:56:14
A lightning hub will contain private keys, because they need to countersign the contracts being passed back and forth to represent transactions. Ideally, the keys will be half of 1-of-2 pairs in active payment channels, but even those will allow the attacker to create havoc. The node would also need a wallet with keys to it's owner funds, so the node can open new payment channels when needed.
@_date: 2017-03-22 12:05:58
That's the dream, anyway. I can't see a reality where the routing is anything other than Me -&gt; bank-node A -&gt; bank-node D -&gt; bank-node-D's customer. Neither of those nodes will route transactions to customers who aren't the final recipients. 
Most users will get into it by buying at an exchange and having the exchange open a payment channel with them on the exchange's major node, which the user can close if they wish to pay the stiff miner's fee, and then pay a fee to another node to open another channel. If they don't close, then their transactions are at the mercy of their exchange, who can close the channel, forcing the user to pay the fees, if they dislike anything they do.
And, hey, 'having a monthly subscription with every site you visit' is the world we are getting without net neutrality, and while it is a different issue, the motivations behind it are similar.
@_date: 2017-03-22 12:58:15
Yes, if they are happy to have a node running and available all the time, with a large supply of bitcoin on it, with the private keys. That's a big target for a cracker, so it will require solid security - security that most people are not capable of providing.
@_date: 2017-03-18 02:59:51
No, you don't have to do anything. If you keep your keys secure, you won't lose your coin.
When it comes time to use your coin, you will need to be running software that supports whatever upgrades have been accepted by the network.
If you want to have any effect on this decision, then examine the issues at hand, make your choice, and then run a full node that supports what you want to happen to bitcoin. People, such as miners, exchanges and businesses do watch what software others are using, and can detect the difference between large numbers of nodes spun up on virtual servers to confuse them, and real users running their own nodes.
@_date: 2016-01-26 09:37:58
If there is a fork, the miners will decide in the first hour who has the winning numbers, and those on the losing side will switch. Miners won't risk losing money by mining on a dud chain. Unless the numbers are really close, you'll end up reaching 100 on one chain before the other reaches 10. You just want to make sure that you aren't running a client that rejects either fork.
By the way, your use of a pejorative like  'ClassicCoins' reveals a staggering prejudice.
@_date: 2017-03-28 09:16:02
Any future change to the protocol, 'it' in that statement being the rules on halving, can't happen without users support. That's the first point.
Miners don't have to mine full blocks. They can refuse to mine blocks larger than any value, and chose to orphan any blocks larger than that. That is the situation now, and has been from day one. BU changes nothing there. That's the second.
No contradiction there. Hard to see how anyone could think there was.
BU doesn't change any of that. All it does - and nothing more - is allow the network to make blocks bigger. It takes power off a group of developers and places it in the hands of the whole network.
@_date: 2017-03-26 13:12:43
No. Segwit and BU are both small changes, where mining hardware is concerned. The ASICs are just special computers that do bitcoin's hashing algo very fast. All the stuff about the protocol is just working out what data to hash, and it's done on general purpose computers - often very low power ones, because that's not very hard for a computer.
@_date: 2016-06-22 08:28:29
With 5 inputs and 4 outputs, that is a fairly large transaction. Taking that into account, your fee is 'only' 43.71 sat per byte, and blocks at the moment are full averaging 70 to 120 sat per byte.
@_date: 2016-06-22 09:01:31
Although the fee is a problem, there does appear to be a problem with one of your inputs. I can't see exactly what the issue is, though, or which input may be problematic.
@_date: 2017-01-20 08:49:48
Web protocols prove my point very well - chasing backwards compatibility makes them awful, complex, and their implementations full of holes.
@_date: 2017-01-21 09:15:43
There is no one that is arguing for an adjustment to the 21M limit. 
@_date: 2017-01-21 09:28:11
Yes, while complaining about that being a dangerous compromise, and saying how even 1MB blocks are causing problems.
@_date: 2017-01-20 07:17:57
You know, that's one of the reasons I don't want segwit. With the segwit kludge in place, and the work done to make software function with it, it will be harder to get the real fix in place. The complexity of the code to make segwit work makes it harder to change codebases to support an improved transaction format in the future.
I am really concerned that we'll run into the adobe flash problem - a protocol that started poorly and grew through so many steps and with so much backwards compatibility that it is impossible to make a secure implementation. We need to make sure that any change we make simplifies the code.
@_date: 2016-06-22 08:16:07
The mempool is currently 12.3MB. It's thoroughly choked. Your transaction seems to have a high enough fee - hopefully it will bubble up and be confirmed eventually - but you'd need to be higher still to be confirmed rapidly.
@_date: 2016-06-30 13:23:52
For the same reason a person might lobby to change a single, disagreeable and problematic law of a country they live in, rather than go somewhere and declare it their own new country.
Of course, they also see the argument about the law to be black and white, and wonder why any sane person would see it any different. Hence my question back at you - why do you want the 1MB limit to remain, apparently, based on past history, indefinitely?
@_date: 2017-01-18 08:36:45
So every block mined would tax every unspent output? Yeah, that would be so unpopular that a currency with that feature would be rejected by everyone. 
@_date: 2017-01-20 04:15:26
OK. Wouldn't you rather see those fixes and changes as a nice clean new transaction format, one that doesn't split the currency into 'segwit' and 'non-segwit' outputs, one that provides those fixes for all transactions? As it stands, merchants will have to keep working around malleability, because they might receive transactions that spend non-segwit inputs.
This is one of the problems I have with segwit - that it is a half-hearted work-around to something that should be fixed properly.
@_date: 2017-01-20 09:04:06
If miners allow segwit transactions into blocks, they will be a part of bitcoin forever, and every fully-validating node will have to code for them. Segwit outputs will remain part of the UTXO set, so every client will have to code for them. It can't be undone. That's technical debt.
A 'real fix' would be a transaction format that fixes quadratic hashing and malleability, while also fixing issues like wasted space on normally unused fields and use of multiple integer formats, while also being extensible. Bring it in using the BIP system, with a nice long activation time, and make the old transaction format non-standard maybe 18 months later.
@_date: 2017-08-25 11:01:36
Bitcoin recently went a whole hour where the only block that was mined was empty. This has left the mempool full. It's going to take some time for that to shake out, especially with many miners mining elsewhere.
@_date: 2017-01-20 02:23:05
40 days ago, all the miners that thought that Segwit's problems are worth the gains finished signaling their intent. The rest do not think that segwit's problems are worth the gains. There is a campaign underway to convince them, but things do not look promising.
The support for simply growing the blocksize instead is still increasing.
@_date: 2017-01-20 03:32:30
By the miners' public signalling of their intentions on the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-01-21 09:14:36
Not if you listen to the core developers. They argue for a decrease in the size of blocks, if not the blocksize limit. IIRC, 300k is their target blocksize.
@_date: 2017-01-21 09:11:05
Increasing difficulty in downloading the full blockchain to bootstrap a new node. Even if blocksizes stay at 1MB, the full blockchain will grow faster than our ability to download it, and the difficulty of verifying it all will increase faster than our ability to process it. It will keep taking longer and longer for a new node to get started.
Of course, downloading and verifying the entire chain is not the only way to bootstrap a new node. Minimally, all you'd need is the last block and the full list of unspent transaction outputs. Then you have all you need to verify transactions you receive are valid, and to verify the next block. But devising a method that would allow a new node to retrieve them, and verify that they have not been spoofed, is not trivial.
@_date: 2016-06-14 11:46:57
It is no longer necessary. Core-based bitcoin clients now retrieve data from multiple peers, basically doing what a torrent client would do. This means that it always retrieves block data faster than the computer can verify it.
Wallets are slow to sync because of the amount of cpu-intensive verifying they have to do. This would take the same time if you provided it with a torrent of the block data for it to work on.
Sorry, but it is slow for a reason!
@_date: 2017-01-18 10:26:36


That means 'tax all existing unspent outputs', doesn't it? Reduce the size of all unspent outputs and hand that to miners?
@_date: 2017-01-20 03:06:28
Well, that's you and your full node. For me and my full node, I don't want SF-Segwit ever, and I want a blocksize consensus change ASAP. Fix the transaction format to eliminate quadratic hashing and malleability later.
@_date: 2016-12-24 12:58:03
Depends on you. How difficult will it be to sell (and get the proceeds back to your bank account/cash)? Would the quick profit make a difference to you today? Compared with your other assets, is the purchase a small part, or a major investment? How's your tax status - could you absorb the income without going up too many tax brackets?
While, like most here, I am long-term bullish, BTC could collapse back down to $500 on a single bit of bad news. Or it could keep going up through $2000. Last big bubble run peaked at ten times the pre-run levels. No one really knows.
Remember that no one ever made a loss taking a quick profit. You may want to consider recovering your investment and leaving the rest ride.
@_date: 2016-06-30 12:51:01
Because we believe in bitcoin, and not in splitting up the cryptocurrency scene with many cryptos with different constants. 
We want this done to bitcoin because we want bitcoin to succeed, and we know that, if it is not done, then a severely limited bitcoin will be overwhelmed by some other coin that doesn't limit its use. And we don't want that.
And there is only one problem with bitcoin, and that is the temporary blocksize limit wasn't increased before it became a restriction. All that needs to happen is that problem needs to be fixed, which is simply a matter of removing, or changing, a few lines of trivial code.
Of course, as we have to do a hard fork to achieve that, we have an opportunity to fix some other things, such as malleability, and the ability to cause wallet software issues with overly large transactions.
Now, I know there is another issue that needs to be researched, and that is how to make bitcoin work when the number of transactions makes a universal shared ledger unworkable. Maybe sidechains and smart contracts are the only way - but it would be nice to be having that discussion without the collapse of the network hanging over our heads.
Edit: I'd like to put a question back to you - why do you think the blocksize should be so severely limited? Why are you small-blockers so fixated on such a small transaction rate? Because I can't think of a single reason why it should not be increased.
@_date: 2016-12-06 12:19:31
The smallest amount of Bitcoin you can get at this time is 0.00000001 ฿, worth 750 millionths of a cent. So there is no problem with purchasing and transferring an arbitrarily small amount of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-01-18 08:27:21
Some people have proposed cryptocurrencies that 'solve' the lost coin 'problem'. They require an output to be moved occasionally, and, if they are not, then they are either destroyed - the outputs dropped from the unspent pool - or they are able to be claimed by a miner. Often, outputs too small to be spent are to be dropped immediately, and large outputs take decades or centuries to be dropped.
These currencies have been very unpopular, have had virtually no acceptance, and have disappeared. As far as we are concerned, lost coins are a problem for the person who was careless, but are not a problem for the rest of us.
@_date: 2016-12-01 06:28:27
A person creates a 'coin' - which is the same thing as a transaction output - and publicly says, "Whoever holds the public key for this coin owns 1 share in my company", or some other intangible assett. They then sell that share, announcing that by spending that coin in a transaction to someone else. 
Then everyone knows that someone else, whoever has the public key to the private key/address that coin was spent to, also owns the share or asset. Anyone can demonstrate their ownership by signing a message with that private key. A person could vote in a company election, for instance, by signing their vote with the private key and sending that vote off - completely anonymously, if they wish. They can then transfer the share to another person by spending that coin.
So, it is basically coins, outputs, that are marked in some way.
@_date: 2015-08-16 22:12:15
He is *a* lead dev. He could commit the patches, but another dev who disagrees would back them out immediately. This would create a commit war, that would end when the group decides who they should kick out.
@_date: 2015-08-22 02:52:09
Not at all. If, come January, either -core has adopted BP101 so everyone accepts it; or conversely consensus on BP101 (via patched instances of -core or bitcoin-xt) has not been reached and no-one accepts it, then no fork will occur.
@_date: 2015-08-16 10:41:56
It depends on what your standard of a 'normal user' is. Where I am, the last upgrade to Internet connection speeds happened about 10 years ago, with the introduction of ADSL2. There is currently no likelihood of any upgrade to that in the next 10 years. My full node causes me no problems at the moment, but an 8-fold increase - if and when it grows to that size - in the size of the data stream would change that.
@_date: 2017-11-04 13:04:47
You will have your coin valid on both chains. The leading chain will be called bitcoin and keep the BTC ticket. The other chain will be given a new name and ticker symbol. 
That, of course, is assuming that the losing chain remains viable - which is unlikely, unless one of them breaks away completely with difficulty adjustments and/or a change of POW.
@_date: 2015-08-17 08:48:22
I take it you mean, 'miners refusing to include your transaction (or accept a block that includes your transaction) unless there is a verified real ID attached to all the inputs and/or outputs'?
@_date: 2015-08-19 08:07:46
Pico = 10^(-12) A thousand-billionth. Mostly used for capacitance, as the picoFarad, (pF, or puff) 
10^(12) is tera, for terabyte. The next one up, 10^(15) is peta, followed by 10^(18), exa. ^(good thing I looked these up, as I was wrong!)
@_date: 2015-08-27 07:04:23
If miners controlling 21% of the pool put a vote in for a stupidly low number, then the other 79% would say, "Not in this lifetime", and simply ignore their blocks. A miner is always free to ignore someone else's block - they just take the risk that they will be left behind.
Note also that the proposal is that the blocksize could only ever be halved, so it would take a long time to disable bitcoin by multiple halvings. And the 3-month block voting period allows other miners to decide on any action, as well as giving pool participants time to vote with their feet.
I agree, however, that "the most common floor (minimum)" is ambiguous, and needs to be clarified. What is generally assumed, that it equates to simply the to 20th percentile (the lowest after dropping the lowest 20%) makes the dropping of the highest 20% meaningless. 'Truncated mean, rounded down' would make more sense, but I have a hard time reading that into "the most common floor (minimum)". "Most common" suggests mode, but a mode would be largely unaffected by the truncating.
@_date: 2015-08-24 06:12:15
Looks like you just had to be patient. It finally was included in a block about an hour ago, and would now be confirmed.
@_date: 2015-08-27 07:28:51
Now that does make sense. If the current size lies between the 20th and the 80th percentile vote, then there is no change; if the current size is less than the 20th percentile, it increases (by up to 2x); if the current size is more than the 80th percentile, it decreases (by up to ½). So you'd need 80% of the mining power to force it up or down by yourself, but 20% could prevent a change.
But we shouldn't have to be creating theories! &gt;:[
@_date: 2015-08-16 09:58:12
There is currently a controversy in the Bitcoin community.
A few years back, there were some people putting many, many tiny transactions onto the network. Also, there was nothing stopping someone from creating an enormous block that everyone would have been forced to transfer and store. To stop someone swamping the network, a limit was added to the size that a block could be. The amount of 1 megabyte was chosen.
The number of bitcoin transactions is going up. It is now filling that 1MB per block size. The community has to decide what to do about this.
On one side, the decision is to keep the 1MB limit. They argue that increasing this limit will make running a 'full node', which keeps up with and tracks the blockchain, too difficult for users on domestic internet connections and with domestic computers. They say that we should allow a market to develop, deciding how high the fee on each transaction should be to earn a space in the limited blocksize. This increasing fee would spur development of other ways to deal with the problem, like 'sidechains' or the 'lightning network', which are ways to allow secure transactions to happen without being added to the blockchain.
The other is that we should start increasing that size, allowing more transactions in the standard blockchain. They argue that size of internet connections and computer storage and speed will continue to increase, and if you do end up needing a datacenter to run a 'full node', that's not a disaster. They also claim that the reason the first party are trying to keep the limited blocksize is because many of them are working for companies that can, or do, run bitcoin wallet software that can work without accessing the blockchain. They claim that these are therefore biased against 'the ideals of Bitcoin'.
Most of the developers who run the reference implementation, which in practice defines what bitcoin will become, are in the first camp. But some of them, most notably Gavin Andresen, are firmly in the second camp.
So, in order to solve this issue, Gavin has launched bitcoinXT. BitcoinXT is a version of bitcoin that will start growing the size of the block. If more than 75% of those using bitcoin to mine coins and blocks are using XT (or other software that emulates it) come January, it will allow 8MB blocks, and will keep growing that limit steadily in the years that follow.
If that happens, then, in reality, bitcoinXT will become bitcoin, and bitcoin-core will be forced to follow suit. Some will disagree with this last statement.
Edit: Thanks for the support, gold and tip. Please read the replies to this comment in the original thread - some good points were made there. Most importantly - The majority at -core hold that the block limit should be increased *sometime*, but not now; Mike Hearn is also closely involved with BitcoinXT; and there are other controversial changes that have been included in -XT. 
@_date: 2015-08-02 11:18:33
The business world really makes 'morality' hard to maintain - and 'morality' is often illegal.
If the company could continue operating - if it could cover normal withdrawals, maintain cashflow, cover liabilities with future income etc - then it is their legal responsibility to keep the company operating. This includes giving assurances that everything is fine - something that may not be 'moral'. 
That said, would stating that there are problems, kicking off a panic that would kill the company by any more 'moral'? 
@_date: 2015-08-05 07:31:34
If it is found that bitcoin is likely to become susceptible to quantum computing, we will upgrade to a algorithm that is not susceptible. This will require a hard fork, but there is a procedure for that.
Then everyone will have to spend their coins to move them to addresses protected by the new algos. Then there will be a round of quantum mining, determining and claiming the balances on currently 'lost' keys.
@_date: 2017-11-03 06:51:24
Do you have the device it was on, in any condition? If all you have is, "I remember using this wallet", then the key and funds available on it are gone for good.
@_date: 2015-08-22 03:58:13
Businesses that do a lot of cash sales and who make sure to never bank more than $10,000 (for instance, by not banking all of the weekend's takings on Monday) so as not to have funds frozen by the KYC/AML complications, have had their entire bank accounts frozen for 'structuring'.
@_date: 2017-11-05 09:41:01
The issue there is that the amount of hard work done is what secures the chain. Push hash power off the network by not rewarding it, and you then have unused hash ability available to commit fraud. And if that idle power ever exceeds the amount hashing on the network, then a lot of your coin's security assumptions are no longer valid.
@_date: 2017-11-05 08:54:53
If there was a way to do this, then you could bypass it by splitting up your effort between multiple 'independent' accounts.
There have been ideas to reduce power consumption - by making the POW more dependent on hardware than on computation. Such as being dependent on memory access more than CPU speed.
@_date: 2017-11-04 11:28:22
Blockchain.info demonstrating how it should be done.
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:46:53
"No one ever made a loss taking a profit."
If the price of an investment goes up and you feel that you are over committed, then selling some is sensible. They are to be congratulated.
@_date: 2017-11-03 07:43:59
OK... Then turn on the device, connect to wifi and send your coins where you want them, or just open and write down the 12 words? Or have you wiped the devices since then?
If it is that the devices have stopped working, then you may be able to get them repaired, or get the data extracted. It is difficult work and often expensive work, so it depends on the value.
@_date: 2015-08-22 08:00:54
True - and that is one thing I don't like. Each particular proposal should have an end date, even if it is a year or two away. It leaves the possibility that we could spend a long time unsure if this proposal will succeed. But, that said, if this doesn't work within a year, it won't ever happen. The problems of this unsureity should make large parties abandon it if it doesn't clearly pass.
@_date: 2017-11-26 00:05:47
It does have less protection, yes. But it is still very hard to achieve a re-org, but it does mean that a minority fork of -cash could hang around and remain functional, whereas a minority fork of -core could not.
@_date: 2015-07-14 07:25:55
I agree. Spending many outputs in a single transaction helps the network, creating many outputs harms the network. The former should be cheap or free, the later should be prohibitively expensive.
@_date: 2017-11-03 10:06:53
It is possible yes. There are several problems with bitcoin that can be abused to do this, assuming the miners allow it.
The difficult part is just getting different transactions that spend the same input confirmed on the different chains. One way would be to submit different transactions to miners who are committed to the chains. You (or anyone else - ugh) could do this using malleability. Another is waiting 100 blocks and using miner outputs, which will obviously only be valid on one chain. 
Once that is done, the rest is simple. Include an output from that split transaction in the transaction you want to only confirm on one chain.
I hope that miners refuse to allow this, by not mining transactions on a minority chain that haven't been confirmed on the majority chain, and refusing to accept such blocks. But I fear that miners will split the chain, simply because they can earn more in the short term.
@_date: 2017-11-25 08:21:33
No - it is bitcoin's strength. It means that there can only be one chain, because the long adjustment time means that a minority fork is quickly buried. Other coins that adjust this create a weakness, a greater vulnerability to reorganizations
@_date: 2017-11-04 07:59:41
First option is to turn on upnp on your router. If you haven't specifically turned it off, then it's still on. Your bitcoin client will communicate with the router and open the port. This may already by happening.
If you don't want to do that - and there is good reason to keep upnp turned off - then you need to look through your router's settings for 'port mapping' or 'services'. There are plenty of guides for all routers out there - you just have to google.
@_date: 2017-04-21 09:01:16
Make the POW generating a private key for any address matching $difficulty bits of something. Make it the address of the reward on block 1, perhaps. The possibility of finding an address collision would be secondary.
@_date: 2017-04-22 11:59:22
You are being used as a money mule. The cash being transferred in to your account is the proceeds of either fraud or crime.
There are 2 likely ends to this game. The first is that the transfers are unauthorised, and will be reversed. This will leave you with a $3500 debt that you will have to repay.
The other is that the police will arrest you for either the fraud, or money laundering. 
It is likely that both of these things will happen. Your best course from here may be to make a statement to the police, as your assistance to help identify others engaged in this fraud may help your case.
@_date: 2016-02-06 03:35:13
Well, that's better than the current position, where we allow one or two people do so, by blocking such obviously necessary changes.
@_date: 2015-07-16 02:44:27
Brute force is your only option. I take it you know what he wanted the password to be - there can only be a limited number of ways he could have misstyped it, and you just need to try them all, until you luck on it and can recover the seed.
@_date: 2017-04-21 10:33:34
Yes - it is straight from the definition of what energy (and it's inverse, entropy) is.
Your first step down the rabbit hole is probably [Landauer's Principle](
@_date: 2017-04-21 08:26:11
I agree that we do not need to 'fork' into two chains. That would be a disaster. The change that we make needs to be clean and clear, with the whole community taking the same path. Any confusion must be brief, and the result decisive.
But we do need some changes to the rules to fix bugs in the protocol and allow growth, and we need to decide whether we do these with extensions of the rules, or whether we do them with protocol changes.
@_date: 2015-07-28 03:05:30
A 'coin', for bitcoin, is an output of a transaction, and can have any value. When you buy some bitcoin, the person who sells them to you creates an output, a coin, in a transaction. You then spend part of it, destroying the output, or coin, you were given, and creating two new ones - one for the person you are giving some too, and one for you to keep as 'change'. 
This is all regulated by the fact that a transactions inputs must have a higher value than its outputs. Whatever is left over is the fee.
@_date: 2016-02-16 12:36:38
That is a capital loss, which in most places can be used to offset current or future capital gains - although this changes depending on country. You may be allowed to use that loss to offset other income, reducing your income tax bill. Check your country's tax laws.
Note that capital gains and losses also take into account costs of making the purchase and sale. So make sure to increase the purchase price by the cost of any transaction or currency conversion fees.
@_date: 2017-04-21 10:26:21
And I thought I was being evil.
@_date: 2016-02-16 12:34:51
Yes, it is capital gain of 100USD. International laws on capital gains differ widely, but in most places a gain over only one month would be taxed either as ordinary income, or at a similar rate to it.
You'll have to educate yourself on your country's capital gains tax laws.
@_date: 2017-04-22 12:27:57
Difficult question. There is the legal principle of ["Mens Rea"]( literally, "Guilty Mind", that is needed for a person to be guilty of some crimes. But you'd need a lawyer to explain it to you. I would doubt that this would apply for financial crimes.
You could easily be needing a lawyer in your near future.
@_date: 2016-09-24 11:59:04
No, you cannot derive the public key from the private one, or vice versa. It's trivial to verify that a known public and private key belong together, though - that is the point of this kind of encryption.
Edit: Note that a bitcoin address isn't the public key - it is derived from the public key. When you spend bitcoin, one of the things you do is reveal the public key, so everyone can verify that the address is derived from the key.
@_date: 2016-09-24 12:57:43
Hmmm Good point. Time to research.
It looks like I was thinking of other public/private key systems, which generate a pair of keys, and you chose one as the public and one as the private, largely arbitrarily. The ECDSA scheme used by bitcoin is not like that. Sorry for the confusion.
Here is a page that describes how a public key is made from the private one: 
@_date: 2016-09-20 09:20:13
Clone the drives, maybe run recuva or photorec over the cloned images to see if you can get data from deleted but not overwritten files, store the images in the hope that someone will break the encryption (which has happened many times) and re-install from scratch.
Sending money to criminals is not an answer, even if it does work. The data is gone; start afresh.
In the meantime, keep an eye on these sites (others may have more):   
@_date: 2016-09-24 07:03:03
OK, what's going on here? Are nodes actually tricked to forward these dud transactions, or is it just that this guy has a hacked electrum build that he has set as one of his program's peers?
If this is a genuine demonstration, then surely we need to close this loophole as a bug?
@_date: 2016-09-24 11:48:15
Yes, there will be multiple bitcoin addresses for each public/private key pair. But they will be impossible to find.
@_date: 2017-09-30 07:23:51
It will be up to -core to decide whether their minority fork requires replay protection.
@_date: 2018-03-15 01:45:51
No matter what you do, it will still be advantageous to do it in one place with custom equipment. If one of these 'ASIC resistant' cryptos really becomes big, we'll see custom ASICs in custom hardware employed. It might only be a 2 or 3x efficiency gain, unlike the large gain that makes GPUs useless for mining bitcoin, but there will still be an advantage with custom hardware.
@_date: 2018-02-27 03:47:46
IPhone is out. If it is a technological society, it's outdated, either way there'll be no compatible networks for connectivity.
The Glock is OK, but you only have 1 clip.
A plastic sheet would allow you to survive exposure in the first few days if there's no society to provide shelter.
The hatchet is again endlessly useful post technology. useless if there is.
Iodine is essential if you are in a post nuclear war world.
Bitcoin - probably useless too. Even if bitcoin remains, quantum computers would have cracked all dormant keys. Your key will be empty.
Really, I'm leaning towards D, C. Maybe I'll assume I can create shelter and choose B, C.
@_date: 2016-09-19 12:30:53
I'm sure it would fall under similar provisions to a forgery. You represented the payment to the merchant as a valid transfer of value to them, and then invalidated it. Most systems would see this as similar to uttering a fake cheque.
@_date: 2018-02-10 12:18:09
Probably the second of those two values in parenthesis, the zero - but to what, I don't know. You'll have to dig into the spec of base58 encoding. Note that bitcoin is in the process of moving to a new address format anyway, as the old one, what with it being case sensitive and not amenable to much of the error correction and compression in QR code designs, is rather ugly.
@_date: 2017-09-27 09:22:01
No, of course not. They're just a tool. The may not even realize it.
@_date: 2017-09-27 06:16:45
If the NYA activates, and it has the support of all the miners who are currently flagging for it, NYA wins. Bitcoin Core can't survive on less than 10% of the hash rate - especially if the miners defend their actions. 1x hashrate drops to zero. Clean fork, as it should be.
The sane reaction to this would be for -core to merge 2X. Alternatively, they could try to create their own new fork with a new POW etc. 
@_date: 2018-02-23 02:13:47
You've got your numbers a bit wrong - or maybe I am missunderstanding.
Lets use that 1 million required outputs to their customers. In 1 million individual transactions, that would create a bit under 2 million outputs, because some transactions would exhaust inputs and not require change - any excess 'dust' would be included in the fee. But that's not important, so call it 2,000,000 outputs.
If they batched these in 1,000 transactions, then you'd still have the million required outputs to the customers, but now you'd only have (about) 1,000 change outputs.
So the output count goes from 2,000,000 to 1,001,000, not 2,000.
That said, outputs don't take up much space - it is the signatures and the inputs that do. It is the lowering of the number of inputs that is the real gain from batching.
@_date: 2018-03-17 13:23:30
IT's an OTC (Over-The-Counter) sale, which is a sale that does not happen on the open market. It may be negotiated through an exchange company, but without the public posting of bids and asks. 
These trades may happen at either a discount or a premium on the market, depending on whether the buyer or seller was more eager. A person approached to sell OTC could expect to receive a premium, a person desiring to sell OTC should expect to sell at a discount.
@_date: 2017-09-17 10:08:31
Almost all countries have laws about the amounts of cash that can be carried over their borders. Similar restrictions apply if you move that amount overseas with bank transfers.
And Hong Kong is still part of China, so expect the new restrictions to apply there too.
@_date: 2018-03-10 05:27:47
...and 91% answered the question correctly.
@_date: 2017-09-12 06:30:18
I'd recommend taking as much of your profit as is reasonable, depending on your taxation situation. Look to fill your current tax bracket, without pushing yourself too much into the next one. Then say no to that extra work you no longer need, and enjoy a little more leisure.
@_date: 2018-02-10 07:43:09
Bitcoin addresses begin with 1. You might be thinking of segwit addresses, which use a different address type - a script address - which begin with 3.
OK, so PUBKEY_ADDRESS isn't a macro - it's an enum, defined in src/chainparams.h, as base58Type. As PUBKEY_ADDRESS is first, it is probably equal to the number 0 or 1 - but that's not important, as you never rely on the binary value of enums!. I believe the source of the prefix comes from the value of the value inserted here - 0 at this stage - which then gets converted to the default of 1 when the address is processed into a base58. Segwit addresses are not ordinary pubkey addresses , but script address, which come from the next line - a decimal 5, which becomes, when encoded, the 3 you expect. I think.
@_date: 2016-09-13 04:56:24
The obvious counter argument to this is that you are arguing an analogy, and not reality. This whole document falls flat with a single obvious statement - bitcoin is not like chess.
Changing the blocksize limit from a temporary DOS protection measure to a permanent network capacity cap has absolutely changed bitcoin at a fundamental level.
@_date: 2017-10-07 05:48:05
One point to note here: block propagation is a technical problem that can be solved. It is also acts as a natural limit on blocksizes, as a miner of a very large block risks having his block orphaned.
Many miners work together to reduce propagation times. They maintain high-speed links between them, and use them to share both transactions and blocks. Any choke points - the Chinese Great Firewall is often quoted - can be overcome by having at least one high-speed link to a data center outside the choke point.
Another fix that is currently in use is to share only the headers and partial IDs of transactions in the block. This is not much data to have to share, and miners can assume (supported by evidence) that the other miners will already possess all the transactions. If they are missing some, they can request these transactions. Again, only one miner has to recreate and retransmit the whole block for anyone not using such a scheme to receive it. These protocols have been shown to reduce propagation times to well under a second for arbitrarily large blocks.
Block propagation had to be solved long before we hit 1MB, and the fixes work for larger blocks. Further fixes will be found and implemented as needed.
@_date: 2018-02-16 00:24:56
"If fiat is losing value and will be useless" is a big "If". A sensible person who believes this is likely should still hedge against it not happening. If their crypto holdings are worth a large amount, selling some to also gain a comfortable wealth in the traditional system doesn't affect their being well-off in the crypto world, too.
Remember that having more than a certain amount of wealth doesn't really improve your lifestyle.
@_date: 2018-02-10 06:04:40
A vector is C++'s replacement for an array - although, unlike arrays, you can add more values too them, and shorten them too. The bit in brockets (&lt;&gt;) tells it what this vector is to store - in this case, characters.
The arguments tell it how many to create at this time, and what they should be. Note that there is a comma between them, not a full stop. This makes it two values (1, 0), not one float (1.0)
The first value is the number of elements, the second, what the default value is. So one value(for now), initialized to 0, or NULL.
It seems that base58Prefixes is some kind of data store - the line doesn't make exactly what type of data store clear - and the pointer to the newly created vector of chars is put into an element in this data sore identified by whatever is assigned to the macro, PUBKEY_ADDRESS.
So this line creates a vector data store for characters, starts it with a single item, with a value of 0, or NULL; and stores the address to the vector in an element in base58Prefixes.
@_date: 2018-02-12 04:25:23
Two options - one, that fees will have grown to have replaced the mining reward as the mining incentive. Secondly, by that time, if successful, one satoshi would have become too valuable for daily transactions, so the code will need to change to allow smaller amounts to be transacted. This change could allow the mining reward to keep halving below one satoshi, and so continue.
@_date: 2017-09-22 07:12:26
Users do have the option of forking away from the network, if miners decisions don't match up with their interests. That's what Bitcoin Cash was - miners refused to increase the blocksize, so a group of users with a mining minority forked away. This is the check on miner's ability to change the network - users also have to agreel
@_date: 2017-10-07 06:05:41
Yes - -core implements this as Compact Blocks, described by BIP152.
@_date: 2018-02-17 05:07:53
There is a really strong resistance to considering any adjustment to the blocksize. This subreddit has made that resistance a core tenet - that any change can be considered and implemented, as long as node software from the end of the Satoshi era will accept the blocks produced. But it's OK if the software won't understand the information in the blocks, or will misinterpret it - just as long as it won't reject them.
@_date: 2017-10-14 11:49:09
That also would be reasonable, but would be better achieved by just not mining on that chain at all. This article is claiming that they might mine SW1X blocks for the reward, but mine empty blocks to shut down the SW1X chain - but that would eliminate the value of their reward before they could realize it.
@_date: 2017-09-22 07:56:20
Which is to say, you think that the Bitcoin(core) price would be a few hundred dollars higher if not for Bitcoin(cash)? You may be right.
If it continues to happen - maybe. I think, though, that unless there is a good reasons for it - the change made was really popular, or the change forced really unpopular - the other chain won't have enough interest to keep it going. Here, we had a popular change made and an unpopular changed forced - hence the creation of a stable fork. I don't think that is something that will happen very often.
@_date: 2017-10-14 11:40:28
I don't think this is realistic. If miners do mine only empty blocks, the chain won't survive for the 100 blocks they need for their coins to mature, and even if it does, by that time the price will have tanked.
However, mining empty blocks to defend bitcoin (as updated) by orphaning blocks mined on a minority chain that contain conflicting transactions is something rational they could well do.
@_date: 2017-10-10 09:10:37
I..... looked at the price, hitting my head, rubbing my eyes. And I, lost out on bread, selling instead, despite all I had read.
@_date: 2017-09-20 12:07:32
Each block mined has a block of data added to it called the 'coinbase'. A miner can put any text in there. Part of that text is codes that indicate their support.
Blocks also have a version field. Other proposals are indicated by setting certain bits in that version field.
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:09:40
That's your opinion. My opinion is the reverse - Bitcoin's rules have been updated to S2X by a perfectly valid consensus process, and it is S1X that would be the new chain.
@_date: 2015-04-11 13:40:22
To prevent him attacking the new address, I assume.
@_date: 2017-10-01 11:03:06
It is hard to believe it is not just a large bunch of sock puppets and shills, together with other voices being forced out. It is a simple change with large benefits. As far as I can see, the opposition is because it reduces the influence of the developers of the bitcoin github repository, who have been against any increase in the blocksize.
Outside of this subreddit, the support for it is strong.
@_date: 2017-09-27 04:03:22
Developers are working on it now. Their are a number of wallets and nodes that support it. If miners really are serious, -core will be forced to support it. The ball is in the miners' court.
@_date: 2015-04-11 13:54:55
Ah. He wanted to keep being a 15-year old, and keep talking with the joker.
@_date: 2017-09-27 08:33:27
On the contrary, if it cannot do this to fix the current corporate takeover, then bitcoin - at least on this side of the fence - will be a failure. But bitcoin has already escaped, so there is reason for hope.
@_date: 2017-09-24 08:18:01
No - an address is not a public identifier. An address should be tied to just one transaction, and never referred to again. Your wallet watches for transactions received for many different addresses.
This is essential for any privacy in bitcoin - that addresses are hard to link to people. So any address should only be used once, for one incoming transaction; and a new address created for the next transaction. 
@_date: 2015-09-04 00:51:12
Great. I was worried about the last commit. Nice to see this clarified. Now all we need is code!
@_date: 2017-10-02 12:08:55
If the system works as it should, you will not be able to do this. The first coins to be unique to either chain will be those coins mined, the first of these coins will only become spendable 100 blocks after the split happens, and a minority bitcoin chain should never get to 100 blocks.
Of course, it is possible that someone will be able to get conflicting versions of a transaction included in blocks mined on either chain. It is hoped that miners will treat this activity as the attack on bitcoin that it is, and defend bitcoin by forcibly orphaning any block including such a conflicting transaction. However, it is possible that this will not happen, allowing people to obtain these coins, and split coins by creating transactions that include an output that is only valid on one chain. This is messy, damaging, the logical thing is for it not to happen. 
There may be exchanges that offer to trade coins on these chains separately. Traders will be hoping that the coins that they buy will later become separately spendable. It is likely that this will never happen, and those who buy coins on the losing chain will also lose. 
Of course, all this is based on the assumption that the losing side won't implement 'replay protection' (changing the transaction format to be incompatible with bitcoin), and/or a POW change to create a completely separate mining network.
@_date: 2015-09-04 07:43:16
I can understand the need to do the development in private. They know that whatever they release, many people will build it and run it on the public net. So they have to make sure it is reasonably bug free before that happens, before they release it - so that means using a private repo.
@_date: 2015-09-04 11:21:17
Adjusting to the mean would result in a change to the maximum blocksize every single difficulty adjustment. I don't think that this would be a good move - having it change every 2 weeks, and by small amounts. A broad no-change window should mean that adjustments are rare - most of the time if the block size is adequate, more than 20% will probably not vote, meaning no change.
We can argue whether the 20%/80% numbers are good - many argue that increases should happen on the 30% percentile to reduce stonewalling; others are arguing that the lowering point should be 50%, because miners could soft-fork at that point anyway.
But a mean or median (or mode), which would guarantee fortnightly maximum blocksize changes, would be a bad idea.
@_date: 2015-09-07 11:11:26
If more than 20% disagree then it clearly is not consensus.
You have a substantial part of the community that disagrees. For ⅕ of the community to be taking an unpopular stand, they must have an important reason - for instance, keeping fees down when others want to push them up by reducing the blocksize, or keeping operating when others want to push them out by increasing it.
Personally, 80% seems a bit of a high hurdle, and 75% or even 70% would be a strong enough consensus. But 51% - which would be abandoning consensus for simple mob rule - isn't reasonable.
@_date: 2015-09-11 01:09:06
They sent them to the empty string ~~paper~~brainwallet address.
@_date: 2017-10-05 08:41:11
As it is almost impossible to create a segwit block that approaches 2x the base block size, the numbers to be concerned with are 2MB and 4MB, not 4 and 8.
And if the ability to abuse the discount system to maliciously produce oversize blocks is a problem, the fix is to soft-fork to reduce the signature discount.
@_date: 2015-09-04 13:07:59
'Must be a power of two' means 'must double or halve', or greater. That is too coarse a change. My biggest problem with using a mean, mode or median is that you are forcing a change to the Max block size every time.
And I don't see the reason for it. 'No change' should be the default, unless most of the network wants a change. That's the reasoning between the 20th percentile working - 80% is their definition of 'most'.
Personally, I would make one change to BIP101 - the change comes into play a few hundred blocks after the vote is made - enough time for people to make decisions about it. If the change is voted on difficulty adjustments (2016 blocks), then the change should come into effect a week later, after another 1008 blocks. Or an even-odd, where a vote finalizes on even difficulty adjustments, and takes effect on odd adjustments. 
But whatever decision is made, a decision is required. This analysis paralysis is the biggest problem we have.
@_date: 2015-09-08 03:10:18
But - 'deal with it one step at a time' is what BIP100 allows - it allows the miners to adjust the blocksize without fuss in the future, instead of requiring the miners to lock in a rate of expansion, which may or may not prove workable.
@_date: 2015-04-26 01:50:42
The answer to his question is, of course, no.
The content you provide is the transaction details, item descriptions, the copy and pictures you provide to identify your paypal account etc. 
Persons have argued that copyright covers everything; so Paypal has to make sure that it has a license to use such simple things as, for instance, the name of the product sold.
@_date: 2015-09-04 01:44:47
No - the code for BIP100 is still being privately developed. Watch that github repo for updates.
@_date: 2015-09-07 12:36:29
This sort of thing sounds good - but, again, it is just another way of voting by miner's hashrates. Miners can choose how big the blocks are, you know! And that puts the decision in the hand of any small party that can get 1 block in every x (if lowest), or the party that has enough clout to push whatever averaging calculation you use over the chosen percentile by mining artificially full (or empty) blocks, which would cause problems to the network directly. You still have to chose whether you need to protect the minority or 'respect' the decision of the majority.
So if you are going to have the miners vote by how large they make their blocks, which would have immediate effects on how the network functions, you might as well just make the voting system explicit - i.e. BP100 - and not force them to manipulate block sizes to do their voting.
If you want to auto-adjust the blocksize, you'd have to do it by measuring the unconfirmed mempool - but we can't use that, because the mempool isn't part of the blockchain, so anyone verifying the blockchain in the future wouldn't be able calculate the blocksize to know if a jumbo block is valid.
So, maybe measure timestamps - use difference between timestamps of included transactions and the timestamp of the block as a proxy for how long the transactions spent in the queue? But how would you prevent people manipulating it by releasing man paid-up transactions with old timestamps, or miners manipulating it by only including new transactions in their blocks?
Yes, there are clear issues with miner voting, but there are insurmountable issues with any other idea - except, maybe, blind increases like BIP101 provides - but that trades the voting's problems for a different set.
@_date: 2015-09-07 11:17:22
Non - votes are a clear vote for no change, and this would be a deliberate decision. By not placing a vote in your block, a miner states that they are not pushing for a change, and that vote should not be ignored.
@_date: 2016-10-29 06:35:46
Thankfully, we had a quiet period without many new transactions, and the backlog was cleared. 50 blocks worth was a worry, but that makes 10 hours worth of nominal capacity, and it was largely cleared in under 24 hours. It was also partially created by a period of low block generation rate, which has since recovered. I don't know whether this happened because of plain chance, or whether extra capacity was brought back online to reap the fees.
Bullet dodged... this time.
@_date: 2015-09-28 07:25:14
My belief is that -core will be forced to react to this one. The mining community will make its choice, and -core will have to scramble to catch up. That choice is looking like BIP 100 at the moment, as the BIP101/bitcoin-xt movement seems to be dying.
Not a good situation, no; but when -core entered 2015 without a clear, ready-to-be-committed plan, it became unavoidable.
@_date: 2015-09-07 13:12:03
Yup. I'd like a way for it to adjust automatically, but you'd just end up with perverse incentives all over the place. BIP101 is OK, but I am concerned - the rate of increase will be wrong, that is a given, as no one can predict it. But how wrong will it be, and what problems will the wrongness cause? I don't even know how to address that question.
At least BIP100 allows people in the future that know what the future has been to adjust the blocksize as needed. Maybe they won't do exactly what is required - but is that going to be worse than today's blindfolded dart-throw that is BIP101?
But something should be done. I end up sounding like Humphrey Appleby of Yes Minister - "Something must be done, this is Something, therefore we must do it." "But doing the wrong thing is worse than doing nothing"? - that, Arnold, I am not sure of.(
@_date: 2018-04-10 08:41:01
It requires a hard fork, and we have seen how hard they are, even with simple changes. And it is possible that the protocol we shift to could prove susceptible to whatever form of quantum computing comes about. So waiting to see what actually happens is a reasonable decision.
@_date: 2018-04-10 06:57:42
We would have to do a hard-fork upgrade to a new, quantum proof encryption protocol. But existing, unspent outputs to addresses that have not been re-used will remain safe. The general opinion is that the hash protocol that produces an address from a public key is quantum secure. 
The danger is that once you spend from an address, you reveal the public key, and the public/private key algo used is not held to be quantum secure. If it became really fast - and this would become possible a long time after the first break - someone would be able to use that public key to recover the private one, and use that to double-spend your transaction. And, of course, there are a number of outputs that are on addresses that have been spent from (or even signed messages made public), so their public keys are known and would be susceptible to attack.
@_date: 2015-11-14 02:49:42
He determined that enough people know about bitcoin to take advantage of a straight give-away within a few minutes. 
You'd expect a $100 dollar bill taped to a 'please take me' sign would be gone within seconds. He did the bitcoin equivalent, and it took a few minutes.
@_date: 2015-11-06 07:18:23
Probably lost forever. The only way around it would be if a way was found - quantum computing plus an unknown flaw in the cryptography, say - to calculate a private key from an address. 
First up, the method would initially be really difficult and expensive - theoretically possible more than practicable. Bitcoin would respond by changing encryption techniques, and existing balances would be secured by spending them to new, secure private keys. But lost balances would then be susceptible to the new technique as it was brought to maturity, and could be claimed by anyone with the resources to apply it.
But this would only be possible if quantum computing does develop a method to crack bitcoin's encryption.
@_date: 2017-05-23 10:21:07
The finance section on ABC news has mentioned bitcoin a few times, as it went through booms and busts. 
@_date: 2017-05-06 04:49:34
A transaction that spends to a segwit address would be a very bad idea, because, under the current rules, this is an 'anyone can spend' output that the miner of the block, or anyone else, is at liberty to claim. And a transaction with a segregated witness is impossible, because it needs to have a segwit output to spend, which can't exist because of point 1.
@_date: 2017-05-03 06:36:02
A transaction is made up of 180 (plus or minus 1) bytes for each input, 34 bytes for each output, plus 10 bytes. So you could say that an 'average' transaction (2 inputs, 2 outputs (payment and change) would be 438 bytes. So for a 1 MB block, that would be about 2000 transactions - for the whole world. And that doesn't take into account larger transactions - such as transactions spending many small inputs, or transactions that include advanced scripts.
@_date: 2017-05-01 04:24:03
No. Your bitcoins will always be valid. You do not need to do anything until it comes time to spend them. And then, all you'll have to do is update your client software to one that supports the changes that have been chosen.
@_date: 2016-05-19 22:41:19
Person A would owe capital gains tax when they disposed of the coin to person B. Alternately, person B could be considered to have sold the coin on person A's behalf, meaning that person A owes the tax when they are sold.
@_date: 2017-07-10 08:11:13
You probably do - sorry, that will take some time. There are things you can do to speed it up, though.
@_date: 2015-03-28 05:03:24
You can put information on the blockchain - including information that we don't like.
@_date: 2016-05-19 07:57:35
Nothing unusual. Mining pools mine for empty blocks while they retrieve the info about a recently announced block, and calculate what transactions to include. Sometimes they find it!
@_date: 2015-03-08 11:01:03
The traditional banking system is also fiendishly complex. But people use it every day, simply by remaining ignorant of that complexity.
It is the same with Bitcoin. You can install an app or program and use it without knowing anything about the world beneath it. You can even sign up with a web wallet provider and know even less.
@_date: 2017-07-24 12:56:41
Sorting by controversial is usually a good way to put false comments at the top.
@_date: 2017-07-10 05:46:32
The first thing that has to happen is that you have to receive segwit outputs for you to spend, before you can send transactions with witness you can segregate. Then the persons you are sending to have to be happy to receive segwit outputs, which does indicate that they have upgraded.
@_date: 2015-02-09 05:42:01
This would be the worst thing a country with a weak economy could do. 
A country with a weak economy needs to be able to allow its currency to devalue, making exports cheaper and imports more expensive, stimulating the local economy and triggering recovery. Not being able to do this (because Euro) is what got Greece into its current mess. 
Tying itself into a deflationary currency would be a disaster.
@_date: 2017-07-10 08:03:06
Bitcoin-core and other derived wallets can do that. Click the 'coin control' button, and you will be able to select individual outputs.
@_date: 2015-02-07 13:24:57
I see you like camel-case.
Good evening to all.
@_date: 2017-07-05 10:25:34
The other subreddit is not about him. It is just a place where people can discuss things that are not allowed here - ways forward apart from -core's plan.
Personally, I don't see how -core continues to have a following, after their refusal to increase the limit years ago, and their continuing to push a proposal long after the network has rejected it.
@_date: 2016-07-13 11:11:50
The block reward has halved, and the price has been fairly steady ever since, after having risen strongly in the months before. Looking back over the last months, the current range of about 650 is a strong price.
For the future - much of the coin available on markets has been from miners selling to cover expenses. This supply has just been halved, but there has been suggestions that this lack of supply will be used by some people to sell reserves. Once that has happened, upward pressure should return.
@_date: 2016-07-01 02:48:45
I don't believe that many are happy with this severe, artificial limit on bitcoin's transaction volume. And I don't want to "get rid of '1MB Bitcoin'". Phrasing it that way seems rather silly. When the 1MB limit was added, years ago, with the rider of 'this is only temporary, we can always increase it', we didn't 'get rid of' the original bitcoin.
Again I ask, what, to your mind, is the benefit of this restriction? What big thing do we users gain by capping transaction volumes? You seem to want this limit, and by phrasing it as 'getting rid of 1MB Bitcoin', you seem to indicate that you want it to remain forever, and I don't understand why. Can you help me understand your position?
Edit: And, if (when?) the majority of miners decide to abandon the 1MB limit, will you refuse to install a client that accepts those larger blocks?
@_date: 2016-07-01 11:01:39
Thanks. That is a reasonable position - although, I do fail to see how those arguments are relevant to such modest increases as are being proposed. And a temporary stress test is OK, where the large mempool will either expire or be cleared when the test is over - but we are rapidly reaching the position where there isn't enough room for all the important, urgent transactions, which will make for a stress test that never ends.
Yes, at the moment, any more than 8MB would be bad. Even an 8MB limit would only be acceptable if the miners maintain a soft limit of no more than 4. So you say that block sizes should not be allowed to grow to the point that full nodes are not widespread? Yes, I fully agree; we fully agree with you. Even a dynamic limit should maintain a large, decentralised network of full nodes.
So, what I read is that you are with us, agreeing that a modest increase at this time would not cause problems. Welcome to the community of 'Big Blockers'!
@_date: 2013-06-30 12:11:41
Got a picture of the vehicle it is going on?
@_date: 2013-08-01 02:58:40
MtGox is having huge problems with wire transfers. They are having to do wires manually, and are way behind and getting further behind. They are focusing on wires that are $10,000 and above, which further frustrates the average user.
You are by no means alone, and it is creating all sorts of conspiracy theories and huge loss of business for MtGox.
The only way to get value out of MtGox is to ask them to cancel the wire (which they are doing - anything that reduces the pending wire volume!), buy bitcoins and take them to another exchange. You will incur a loss, because MtGox USD stays around $10 above other exchanges USD prices, for exactly this reason.
@_date: 2013-12-21 23:59:09
Authorities arrested another few people accused of being involved in Silk Road toady. Maybe one of them was an early miner, and authorities have seized their bitcoin?
@_date: 2013-05-27 13:38:38
The microtransactions that caused the problem are the 175 transactions that added up to $10. I don't know what they all were, but there is probably some 100 or so that add up to a few cents. Use lockunspent to prevent them being used, and he will probably be able to spend $9.00 of that with a much less unreasonable fee.
@_date: 2013-04-16 07:48:15
$50 is a reasonable value - maybe still a little high. That peak approaching 300 was just madness.
Take a look at a long term graph. It was at $10 for months. If it settles down to $20, it's grown up 100% in 3 months, which is a great rate.
@_date: 2013-05-08 07:27:15
It's more likely that your bank is slow at displaying the transaction. Or you have forgotten which account you did the transaction from.
@_date: 2013-05-06 13:15:43
Hope so! They will have to group payouts together until each output is a sane amount, like .01BTC
@_date: 2013-05-05 01:54:40
Next thing would be that partial Private key sticking out at the bottom. There is obviously not enough for a full read, but I'd like to know how much of the key could be recovered, and would it be enough to reduce the uncertainty to a level that could be brute forced?
@_date: 2013-04-13 09:13:20
Just like you can't view the dollar as legitimate if a bank ever closes.
@_date: 2013-05-01 06:05:12
The merchant is still at risk of a double-spend, as the original party is still in possession of the private key. They, or an agent, could still do anything that could be done with a more traditionally completed transaction.
Another idea would be multiple password keys. Both parties cooperate to create a address with 2 private keys, each owned by the party. The seller transfers coin to that account, and, after it is confirmed enough times, they then cooperate in using their keys to move the coin on.
Issues include that, once the coin is in the two-party address, both parties are at risk of unfair play, like demands for extra payment before the locked funds are released.
@_date: 2013-05-01 11:52:08
What on earth was that article about? It seems like they read about the DOS attack, misunderstood it completely, and are drunk on the inflation Kool-aid.
@_date: 2013-05-08 08:00:53
 is the transaction that dealt with that 0.01. It was a transaction that included lots of small outputs, and deposited them to the new address.
You were not looking at a transaction. You were looking at the history of one address. It had one output, which was redeemed with one input, leaving it with no balance. 
And here is the transaction that created that 0.01 - 
@_date: 2013-05-08 12:50:29
The blockchain is a ledger that keeps the record of all transactions since the genesis block. So it will get large, and it is getting out of hand - hence changes to reduce the amount of small transactions.
Those 'free bitcoin' sites really need to change. Bundling payouts into larger single payments would help, but pay-per-click is never going to earn you enough to make the transaction worth doing.
@_date: 2013-04-30 10:18:27
No one here will guarantee that bitcoin will not sink into obscurity over the next few years. Pulling some of those out into a less risky investment might be a good idea. In addition, if you do that now, the fact that you have taken some wealth out makes you less likely to panic sell on a crash (which will happen, someday), which is the real way to make a loss. It might also provide some cash you can use to take advantage of a price drop!
@_date: 2013-04-16 07:40:03
There is no plans for timing out coins on any timebase. It has been suggested as a way to control the UTXO growth problem, but it would also be seen as theft.
In the really long term, it may become possible to brute-force an address. If this becomes something that we can see happening, a 'hard fork' will switch the blockchain to a higher security. Only then would holders of bitcoin be required to transfer coins so they would be better secured, and, sometime after that, people would begin trying to brute force orphaned UTXOs. But we are talking really long term here - Large scale quantum-computing using unobtainium sort of long term. Even then, today's addresses would stay valid - it's just that the addresses could be hacked.
For the moment, if the private key for an address no longer exists, the balance is gone.
Edit: Think about cold-storage accounts - accounts where the only place the private key for an address exists is on paper in a bank vault. This sort of storage should be good for at least 100 years, not 3.
@_date: 2013-11-24 02:34:43
It may never really stabilize, as the availability of coin is always going to be limited. But I would expect the trading range to decrease as time goes by and more persons are live in the market.
But the economy has worked out how to deal with commodities that vary in price wildly and randomly - futures markets. They allow you to buy something to be supplied at a future time. So someone selling something for bitcoin could take out a futures contract, insulating themselves against changes in price. We may see prices for items being based on, say, the 72-hour futures contract, instead of the current price.
@_date: 2013-08-04 11:54:56
This happened in Queensland, Australia for several days last year. Flooding took out the coastal fibre, a landslide took out the western backup, and ⅔ of the state was without network access for days.
@_date: 2013-04-24 12:49:12
One thing that needs to be explained: The exact definition of the two moving averages indicated by the blue and green lines. They are "EMA"'s, whatever they are.
@_date: 2013-05-07 01:06:22
The blockchain can be pruned of all old data, and replaced with a UTXO list, a block and a checksum. In order for this to be reasonably effective, the UTXO list needs to be controlled. 
This change reduces small UTXOs, and makes sure that the small outputs that are created have value and are used.
Lastly, the 5430 number is based on the current fee. When the relay fee changes, this number will change too.
In order to aggregate an address's small transactions, you need the address's private key to sign a pay-to-self transaction.
@_date: 2013-04-17 12:56:59
Don't enter your password incorrectly too many times. It is good to hear that anyone entering an incorrect password get's their IP blacklisted. Of course, there are ways around that, but it does slow brute forcing down significantly.
System working as it should. Thanks for sharing.
@_date: 2013-04-15 09:33:22
4 years, 15 days too late.
@_date: 2013-11-27 06:15:35
Nice - apart from your last line. If you have a quarter in your pocket, you can buy bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-16 08:40:33
1. Bitcoin is just volatile at the moment. It could gain over the week. It will either double or halve, or something like that. 
2. I'm gently buying at these levels. I'm selling on peaks too.
3. Well, they were lacking sanity then, so I can't think their mood has improved any. 
@_date: 2013-04-16 08:24:01
It is just a small, longer-term version of the main graph. It keeps updating as long as the page lives. It's just there to give you an idea of longer term trends than the main graph.
@_date: 2013-07-05 13:40:34
Was there anything on the second page of that article? The site is broken and won't allow access.
@_date: 2013-05-01 06:07:56
Remember to at least mark your affiliate links as such, if you must post affiliate links.
@_date: 2013-05-06 13:14:15
Yay!! Let's all get together and make more problems for SatoshiDice!!! That thing needs to die.
@_date: 2013-04-13 09:23:58
There is a major issue. The banking and transfer system has been built on the assumption that any transaction can be reversed if it is found to be fraudulent. This allows convenient transfers without extreme security measures.
Bitcoin does not allow a transaction to be reversed. This causes a major disconnect.
If the existing banking system would fix the lax security around internet banking, then it would be less of a problem. As it is, it's just too easy to make a transfer on someone else's account
@_date: 2013-04-17 07:28:56
At the moment there is a big wall - i hesitate to call it huge, but it's getting there - at $70. 25k of coins will take some time to wear down.
@_date: 2013-05-07 06:54:34
The transaction history would be there for all to see in the blockchain, but you'd be right in saying that paypal wouldn't care. But they don't care about anything, anyway. (See the antique violin story)
@_date: 2013-12-07 09:53:55
Doing that should get you arrested for fraud. You make a transaction and then deliberately set up that transaction to fail, for the purpose of financial gain? Yeah, that's fraud, right there.
@_date: 2013-05-04 03:12:53
What prevents someone from trying to 'negotiate' while the party's coins are encumbered? Given the 'risk 20 to trade 10 for $1K example, what's the stop someone trying to say 'I'll blackhole this if you don't give me 11"
And, of course, with Paypal, the funds at risk have to stay there for at least 6 months, as Paypal will accept chargebacks for at least that long.
@_date: 2013-11-27 11:58:22
Oh, come on, I'm getting tired of this one. As you know, a bitcoin is as large, or as small, as you need it. A bitcoin is an unspent output, with a value anywhere between 1 satoshi and 21 million BTC.
@_date: 2013-05-08 10:12:54
The low value of that transactions inputs and the very small fee mean that it may take some time before it is taken up in a block. 
It's worth noting that blockexplorer has yet to see the transaction.
@_date: 2013-06-09 12:17:51
Wait till october an all will be ober.
@_date: 2013-05-01 04:11:39
Note that that is not necessarily a single sale at that value. It could be made up of a number of traders buying at the same level. Note that it was at an even-ish value - 32.25 - which is a value that several traders could have chosen.
@_date: 2013-05-11 23:48:46
How would not knowing the send-to address beforehand make that any more difficult? You know the private key and output that you will be spending from, and the double-spend is a duplicate transaction from that output.
@_date: 2013-05-08 08:03:11
Yup. Classic ponzi
@_date: 2013-05-01 04:19:27
What wallet, what connection, how long since you last synchronized?
If you are starting a bitcoin-qt client fresh, please do our network a favor and grab the latest bootstrap.dat via bittorrent. Instructions on what to do with it and the torrent file are on the sourceforge page - 
There is no extra risk with doing things this way - your client will fully verify the data before continuing.
Edit: Oh, the sourcefoge instructions are out of date. You stop the client, copy the bootstrap.dat file into your bitcoin directory, the one with your wallet etc., and restart the client. It noteces the presence of a bootstrap.dat file, examines it for new blocks, and then renames it so it won't trigger on it again.
@_date: 2013-04-22 07:26:50
Mining will remain profitable. If it is not profitable for everyone mine it, then those with the highest costs will drop out, restoring profitability for others.
Problems will occur if it becomes more profitable to use hardware to disrupt the network - hard forks, for instance - than to mine. 
@_date: 2013-06-11 02:10:29
Probably because there are large amounts of bitcoin waiting to be sold. All this sell pressure, most of which is off market, will have to be sold (or eliminated by growing confidence) before the price can rise.
Much of this coin could come back in and force the market down as well. It's all up in the air at the moment.
@_date: 2013-05-07 01:15:05
Not if the UTXO list, the record of all unspent outputs on all previous transactions, gets to be too great; and the whole chain still needs to exist for verification.
@_date: 2013-11-10 11:57:25
I don't know what that has to do with hashing. Maybe some type of encryption, but not hashing. You cannot recreate the original from the hash. If we could, we would no longer need to keep the entire blockchain - we could just keep the last hash, recover the full block, which includes the hash of the previous block, from which we could recover the next block.
Try this one:  Brady's computerphile.
My thought would be to demonstrate the checksum algos from, for instance, barcodes. Maybe start with a simple summing barcode. But you really want something that can just illustrate hashes and move on, I know.   Hmmm.....
@_date: 2013-04-28 02:51:18
I'll have to apologise being slightly involved in that. I suggested it, and someone else said "yay, it's like vandalism, only good" and btctipped it.
@_date: 2013-05-01 04:07:54
Decent thought, although bitcoin is not yet big enough to really be useful as a threat against the card systems.
Still, it can't do them any harm to point out to the banks that, unless the card system remains economical, reliable and easy, the world is pretty good at finding alternatives.
@_date: 2013-05-07 00:53:05
It is using a small transaction as a type of information. The idea is to have a small output represent a share in a company or something else of value. Transferring that output is considered transferring that asset.
This type of thing can still continue, but it needs to be tied to a transaction that is large enough to not be spam.
@_date: 2013-04-17 10:35:46
No, you are waiting for a miracle to happen.
At the current rate, the average would be 4 1/2 years
@_date: 2013-04-25 04:12:55
Perhaps if you and a couple of miners get disconnected from the wider network - for instance, if a country went offline, but was internally connected. The local pool would go ahead, slowly, perhaps further than 6 blocks, and all of that would have to be abandoned and the transactions retransmitted when full connectivity is restored.
(I would like someone to inform me exactly what would happen in this case.)
@_date: 2013-08-22 04:24:22
Mining requires computing power, and the amount of computer power required is adjusted so it takes, on average, 10 minutes for the entire planet to find a block. Anyone who creates a block gets a reward, a bonus of 25BTC and whatever fees included in transactions. The first to get a block gets the reward, and everyone has to accept that block and start trying to create a new block based on it.
As you can imagine, there is a lot of hardware mining, so 1 block every 10 minutes isn't much. The difficulty is high. So high that only custom hardware - specifically created silicon chips - can compete. Generic hardware like GPUs or CPUs just isn't going to cut it.
@_date: 2013-11-26 01:17:24
Yes, you can, but it can get confusing. When you spend one of those outputs, you release into the wild the public key for that address, and open up ways for the private key to be compromised through the system that it is used on.
You also link those deposits together on the public record.
A much better way is to print out a book of many paper wallets, and make one deposit to each one of them. Then later you spend out a paper wallet completely and trash it.
@_date: 2013-08-07 09:14:17
These microloans are really useful. Apart from what others say, another problem is that in most poor communities, there is a real shortage of money locally, causing crippling local inflation. Anything that puts even a little currency into a community has a big effect.
Communities creating their own local scrips has a similar effect.
@_date: 2013-05-02 01:57:32
Less than it would cost the recipients to actually spend them. 
@_date: 2013-05-06 13:16:52
Here Here. Thank you for caring and making this necessary change.
@_date: 2013-04-27 03:58:12
Are you saying that you have sent them to the wallet created by Bitcoin-qt? In that case, yes, they will show up when it has finished syncing. It doesn't listen for new, unconfirmed transactions until it has the full database.
For future reference - It is a good idea to get the bootstrap.dat file over bittorent first. Takes a huge load off the bitcoin network, and makes syncing much faster.
@_date: 2013-12-06 08:07:47
Maybe - although there are still cases where people will forget to take a backup, and people will still not bother about saving wallets with a few μBTC in them.
@_date: 2013-12-26 08:26:45
In that case, they have arrived. Congratulations. That paper wallet address has (not had) 1.26 bitcons in it.
If you thought you had send them elsewhere, you failed. They are still there. Send them again.
aaand, you just did so. Just seconds after I clicked the link! Well done, anyway. OH, make sure you don't lose that 0.03 change on address 15WKd...
@_date: 2013-04-16 12:37:07
The main line is just a graph of the price every n minutes (or hours, or days, depending on what scale you use). The green and red areas indicate the highest and lowest prices during those times - the range over which it traded. 
So now it is a bit like a standard candle graph, except a lot prettier.
The description is not very clear. He'll work on that - he changed his format every day.
@_date: 2013-06-07 12:29:24
The price was too high, there are people needing cash out to finance ASIC production, and fewer people in the market buying. For various reasons, the trend is downward at the moment. Could be a problem if the price drops below half its current value.
@_date: 2013-11-27 11:54:57
It's worth considering if you are using a modern printer. Personally, I'd like to see old dumb dot matrix printers used. But as long as the printer does not have a hard drive, like larter copiers do, you should be OK.
@_date: 2013-06-09 11:43:24
You get whatever prices the trades are at. So if you put a sell of 90 at 90, you will get 30 30 and 30
Your sell is matched with enough buys to fill it, if the exist. If not, the remainder sits there until someone posts a buy to cover it.
If you put a higher buy, it sits there until someone takes it. You get the price you placed it for. However, if there are sells on the books lower than your price, then you will get those prices.
People who place bids or sells that can be filled immediately get the better prices made available by existing sells or bids. If they can't be filled immediately, they get the price they specify when or if someone places a bid/sell later.
@_date: 2013-04-16 08:31:11
Who knows? As we came off a stable $10 before this madness, a nice growth from that would be nice. I'm looking at about 20-30, but there's more instability to come.
@_date: 2013-06-25 13:16:09
I think you are missing the point.
Bitcoin is not about creating a 'functioning capitalist economy'. It is more a reaction against the debt-based system that the standard capitalist economy has become.
The fact that bitcoin does not require 'investing' just to prevent loss of a   persons savings due to inflation is a feature, not a bug.
@_date: 2013-12-01 00:27:33
A transaction must spend, or output, all of its inputs. If the amount you want to spend is not exactly equal to the input, then the extra will be sent to a change address. This change address is normally a new one, unseen to the network, that is selected by the wallet software from it's pool (which will have been included in the most recent backup). This is important for anonymity - the network does not know or care which is the change address and which is the transfer address.
If you import a paper wallet into a temporary system and spend part of it, and then delete the wallet, you won't have saved the public key for the change address, and the change value will be lost. It's the major snafu for paper wallet users. So, if using a paper wallet, you must spend the entire value of the paper wallet. Many wallets allow you to specify a change address, or tell the wallet to send change back to the original address (which could be compromised, as it's key has just been entered into an online computer, if you are paranoid!) Note the current bitcoin-qt doesn't have this functionality, but the upcoming .9 version in development does.
@_date: 2013-04-29 05:31:28
Bitcoin doesn't stop a financial institution from using a fractional reserve system. All a fractional reserve means is that the bank doesn't keep all the money that is deposited in a shoebox - it loans it to others, who pay interest, part of which is paid to the depositors, maintaining a reserve which is a fraction of the deposits.
A party could do this with bitcoins. Accept deposits from some people, and loan bitcoins to others. The only problem is that with a commodity that i pseudonymous, the ability to force repayment of a loan is questionable.
@_date: 2013-08-04 11:46:14
Make sure that the device is in a location where no one can place a listening device. Retrieving the private key from audio of that dot matrix printer should be child's play.
@_date: 2013-08-18 09:26:22
The top line - infinite in the cloud - is stupid. 
Tell that to those who had stuff in megaupload.
If you have stuff 'in the cloud' it is 1. the property of whoever owns the computer holding it, and 2. completely at the mercy of the financial condition of dozens of corporations, and several police forces and bureaucracies.
Basically, a useful system for convenient retrieval of non-sensitive information, but not anything to be relied upon.
@_date: 2013-04-17 07:56:32
The nice thing about asic mining is the move from a purely power-limited endeavor to a more asset limited. The price of those assets is going to the setup for small fab runs and engineers labour. 
A lower number of watts per $ equivalent is a good thing.
@_date: 2013-11-30 22:21:53
In that case, download a Linux .iso file-any one will do, although there are some made for the job - burn it to a cd (using the 'burn image' method), and boot from that. If you turn off the Wi-Fi device and unplug Ethernet, you'll be plenty safe.
@_date: 2013-05-01 04:47:59
OK, thanks. You answered most of it.
You are using bitcoin-qt. That is a full client, and must download and verify the full block chain. Think 24 hours, if you have a decent computer and reasonable internet connection.
You can save a lot of grief - for both yourself and others - by getting a lot of that blockchain quickly using bittorrent. The page I linked contains a .torrent file. Grab that and a bittorrent client, which will download a file called bootstrap.dat. Once finished, move that into your client's directory - it's inside the application data or appdata folder in windows - and restart your client. It will then use the information in that file instead of getting it from some other client. It still will take several hours to complete.
Another option is to get a more lightweight client - one that relies on a server somewhere to hold the whole blockchain and verify transactions against it.
There are known issues with the Initial Blockchain Download system in the stock client, bitcoin-qt, and discussion is ongoing on how to fix them permanently.
@_date: 2013-05-10 02:12:46
A virtual machine on a computer you own and secure should be fine. But persons who have run bitcoin enterprises on other people's VPS's have been cracked, either from flaws in the VPS's software or malicious actions by the VPS company's staff.
@_date: 2013-05-01 05:48:44
Not at all. You won't be able to spend it until you have the blockchain, but that's fine. As it seems you are by now a fair way through it, then go do something else (sleep or take a bike ride, depending on the hour) until it finishes.
@_date: 2013-09-28 06:03:41
I would assume that that printer would keep a record of everything printed for a limited time, and that record would possibly be hackable. Get something simple and old to print wallets with.
If you are even mildly paranoid, I wonder at you even considering a device like that.
@_date: 2013-11-29 00:17:08
Doesn't that graph scream 'Sell!' But I, like most people, think that this bubble will go a fair while longer before correcting. Could be the last big bubble - bitcoin is getting into the mainstream this time, so the buy-in could be huge. Let's say I'll still be breathing normally if it passes 10k in this run.
@_date: 2013-05-13 07:28:49
Why be afraid? We are looking for new ideas that will make the next crypto-currency successful. It is an exciting field. Why should we be afraid?
The 21M limit on bitcoins practically guarantees that other crypto-currencies will be required.
@_date: 2013-04-24 08:42:06
My, I really want to put a few extra pennies against the address you showed in that picture - just to make it a 1.01 BTC coin!
@_date: 2013-05-04 01:22:09
That is what it sounds like. The bitcoin wallet creates multiple keys in advance. These are used for change addresses, and one is revealed when you ask for a key to present a new transaction. This is so that a backup created today will still be valid for a few [days|weeks|months, depending on your usage levels].
When you encrypt your wallet, existing copies of your unencrypted wallet will still exist - in backups, in swap space, in unallocated blocks from when it was 'deleted'. To reduce the risk of a malicious person using these wallets, none of the old keys will be used for change, or presented as a new key. The will be kept, as a transaction could still be made to them.
This message is just to remind you that old backups of your wallet should not be trusted, as any new transactions will be made to newly created addresses.
Also note that, for the same reason, any existing addresses you have used should be considered insecure, as their private keys are probably still available unencrypted somewhere on your system.
@_date: 2013-12-13 10:21:46
Nice, well written and fairly balanced discussion of the risks. Would have been better if they had provided some information about mitigating those risks, but that wasn't what they were about.
@_date: 2013-04-22 08:26:23
That person shows a lack of understanding of the maths he accuses everyone else of not understanding. 
There is no problem with some person mining 6 blocks in a row. Someone mining 6 blocks straight at any time has probably already occurred. But as the first block was announced, with all its transactions, it matters not.
In order to cause problems, they would have to pull their hashing power off the main network, to create a fork. Do you think that all the participants in a mining chain would not notice that? Or arbitrarily change something, like credit themselves 1000BTC reward, and then mine 6 straight at will, without the rest of the network blacklisting them.
The birthday paradox says that someone, sometime will mine 6 blocks straight. But in order to pull something off you'd have to mine the next 6 straight, without announcing them, before the rest of the network mines 6 straight.
@_date: 2013-07-09 00:11:47
What? Multibit is in Java? We are encouraging people to put that horrid, bug-riddled mess on to their computers? Look, Java has been an insta-uninstall item for about a year now, and will continue to be.
While we do need to start people off on a more lightweight client than bitcoin-qt, multibit's reliance on Java makes it a no-go.
@_date: 2013-04-29 01:36:18
Why would we fight it? It would mean that bitcoin has succeeded and become a currency in its own right. 
The fact that most prices are still in dollars is a sign of bitcoin's immaturity. 
And if a big retailer wants bitcoins so much that it offers their clients that use it a discount -- YAY!!!
@_date: 2013-05-08 12:26:24
You aren't the first person to make this complaint tonight. I'd still assume that there is a problem at blockchain.info that will probably be fixed. 
@_date: 2013-05-07 01:11:59
Gavin is not a dictator. The senior devs at github have to establish a consensus before a change is made. This one was fairly obvious, and well discussed beforehand, so the actual consensus was quick and quiet. Mind you, there has been a lot of yelling since, but not from the senior devs.
@_date: 2013-07-08 05:57:04
You probably don't have the correct timezone set. Right click on the taskbar clock, click 'change date and time', and use the "Change time zone" button. You will the need to readjust the time.
@_date: 2013-05-20 13:16:56
Of course, it is not guaranteed to be on the blockchain forever. Any data not linked to live balances will eventually be pruned. So it may remain there as long as you keep that 0.01 against it, although even then it may eventually be written off as a lost key output, only spendable by dealing directly with someone who's client and/or miner is working off an archival chain. 
@_date: 2013-05-08 12:36:38
They did have a reported issue 11 hours ago, but they did give the all clear 4 hours ago.
Do you have a transaction ID? There are other transactions that others have reported that haven't been seen outside blockchain.info.
By the way, that does mean that, if you have the private key, you can repeat the transcaction without problems. Import the private keys elsewhere, and leave blockchain.info to it's own mess.
@_date: 2013-11-10 12:41:55
No, that is no key to recover the original from a hash. A hash is much shorter than the  message anyway - it contains less information.
A check digit is a simple form of hash. It lacks one important feature - it is too simple, so it is easy to do it multiple times, or tweak it to find collisions, or two numbers that hash to the same value, but it serves for illustration. Here is the check digit algo for a bar code:
Add together the odd digits and multiply by three.
Add together the even digits, and add this to the first result.
Subtract the last digit in the number you get from 10.
So the check digit for 03600024145 is '7'. Is there any way to recover the full bar code number from the simple number '7'? Of course not, for the same reasons why you cannot recover the original message from a hash. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 13:10:11
Well, if I had sold coin, I would have already banked the procedes. If I had bought them, I'd have already moved them to a off-site wallet. So they'd be mugging me for pocket change, which is kind of a losing move.
Edit: Especially when their face would be on the best quality CCTV in town.
@_date: 2013-11-27 05:59:31
Explain the reason for pulling the value from those paper wallets. Note that if anyone breaks into the machine and gains access to the private keys in the wallets, they'll transfer the value out immediately, just like someone who bought one would.
Or is this to adjust the bitcoin values to match the current exchange rates? As you say, you'd better make it clear that you have the key and that users should spend the wallet dry immediately.
@_date: 2013-05-01 05:57:36
This sort of pruning is certainly being discussed. And it wouldn't require putting the chain on hold - a checkpoint would be created, and the chain pruned of redundant data from before that. 
And, hey!, yeah, magnetic media is on the way out. In a few years we will be laughing at a thing as bit as a _whole_tablet!!_ that could only store a terabyte. Even today, a terabyte is only 20 64G uSD cards, which is quite a small stack. You could hold 100 TB in your hands today!
@_date: 2013-12-25 14:26:09
Yes, if all the participants in those pools stuck with them. At the moment, as soon as one pool starts getting near 50%, people leave to other pools to prevent one pool having too much power. There is every reason to think that this will keep happening.
@_date: 2013-05-06 03:58:42
The problem as I see it is that, from the start, the fee structure was based on the size of the whole transaction, not on the size of the outputs. If outputs were charged but inputs were free, all those tiny transactions from SD, pay-to-click and crowdworking would be swept up into larger outputs constantly, and become a historical footnote whenever the blockchain is pruned. As it is, they will never be spent, so they are a problem forever.
Then any transaction could/should/would include all outputs on an address, and consolidate them into 1 payment output and 1 change output.
I'd also like to a way for many small inputs - say, payments from many persons to view a video or play a game - could be handled in one transaction with thousands of small inputs and 1 output. Maybe here I am just uninformed - perhaps there is a way to sign half a transaction, with an input and a change output, so it can be included in a full transaction later. I see many problems with it though - how can the input be validated and secured when it cannot be included in a block until it is complete.
@_date: 2013-05-02 01:59:56
Mibbit? Make the symbol a bitcoin logo, on it's side, with dots in the voids of the B so it looks like a frog.
@_date: 2013-11-30 22:43:08
That graph suggests what the market may correct too. It does assume that the market didn't fully correct after the last surge/bubble.
Noting that the market takes time to correct, the graph suggests that we have maybe another thousand to go, before overcorrecting, briefly, to three- to five- hundred level over the next few months.
@_date: 2013-08-05 09:23:51
Every transaction should be to a new address. This means that it would be like paying for your drink with a $20. Or with a five, two ones, a couple of quarters and a dime.
Think of addresses like notes, and you will see why we call it a 'wallet'.
@_date: 2013-11-22 11:13:15
A few persons who set up set up a few ssl tunnels
@_date: 2013-04-13 10:36:05
Possible, yes - it's still there, used for testnet purposes. But it is not feasible. A CPU's hashing power is many orders of magnitude away from being relevant.
@_date: 2013-11-27 23:57:15
Escrow would be good if you can't quickly verify the notes. There have been a number of people who have been handed counterfeit cash in person-to-person trades.
If i was doing something like this, my location would be inside a bank office. You can deposit the cash quickly, and no one has better quality security cameras.
@_date: 2013-09-01 03:26:16
MtGox is holding steady at $10 above other exchanges, so this increase isn't only on 'Gox. as other exchanges are going up with MtGox. I haven't done the research to see whether another exchange lead Gox up, or whether other exchanges followed Gox's lead.
@_date: 2013-08-25 09:23:54
The problem with zerocoin is that the messages it wants to place in a blockchain are huge. And with blockchain size bitcoin's biggest problem as it stands, there is no way this will ever become part of the standard chain.
@_date: 2013-08-01 23:05:27
Mining will naturally centralize. There are economies of scale that make it more efficient, although not greatly. However, there will be pressures against this, social pressures, for instance, that will lead to a small number of large mining operations.
Another wildcard would be if a government wants to establish some level of control by doing serious mining themselves, perhaps even targeting 50%+, which would mean basically duplicating the world's entire mining power.
@_date: 2013-05-12 11:19:52
Transactsions have a fee attached them, either optionally to ensure that the transaction is confirmed quickly, or requred when the transaction inputs are new, many, or the outputs are small. When there is no longer a  bonus paid for mining, the fees will be the sole payment.
Lost coins are lost for good, unless next century's advanced computers can break today's encryption and recover the lost private keys.
@_date: 2013-12-09 12:34:33
All this indicates is that there is a difference in the ease or the cost of getting Euros and US Dollars in or out of that exchange. 
@_date: 2013-05-02 01:32:28
Satoshi Dice keeps 1.9% of all funds sent to them. They redistribute the rest back to those that donate it unevenly.
@_date: 2013-05-07 07:14:42
No, it would only risk all unspent outputs on the private key's address. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 07:54:25
There's usually about a 10% spread. That is the same now. It has remained at about 10% for several months now. Nothing has changed.
@_date: 2013-05-01 04:41:27
What are all these people complaining about fried cards for? GPUs all have thermometers watching temperature and clocking themselves down if things get warm, don't they? Or are these people overclock freaks who disable that? If so, they can find the guilty party by looking in a mirror.
@_date: 2013-04-22 08:42:37
But.. A $4 spread + a commission? So the sell rate is 117.20 with a 2% commission. That takes it down to 114.85. The buy price is 121.13, but the commission is 7.9%. So a real price of 130.70.
So 114.20/130.70 . Why don't they advertise that? Or have a single price, and have a commission (probably my preference)? This type of fee hiding is - well, dishonest, IMHO.
@_date: 2013-06-16 08:45:14
Settings|Options, Display tab, "Unit to show amounts in:". Knock yourself out.
You can even choose µBTC if you really think that a pie cut into tiny pieces is bigger than a whole pie.
@_date: 2013-12-25 06:55:36
Note that you don't need to add half as much hashing power as existing network to do a 51% attack - you need to duplicate the entire hashing network, plus a bit. To get 51% of the network, including you, you need to have as much power as the entire network before you came along.
To get to the levels you are talking about, you need 5 to 10 times the entire existing network's power. Just not feasible.
@_date: 2013-09-21 08:11:41
"Free Energy" won't - the sources of energy available to anyone for free pretty much boils down to solar. I don't see costs for solar generation moving enough to make a really big difference.
And if they mean the la-la stuff that ignores laws of thermodynamics - well, it needs to be possible before it can change anything.
@_date: 2013-04-27 05:13:27
Most of these things apply to the normal currencies, too. If you invest your income instead of spend it, you'll be able to buy more with it next year. But still people spend. And it's not because they believe the global economy will collapse and all investments will fail. It's because they need stuff to live on, they want gadgets to play with, they want to go places and have fun.
It's the same with bitcoin. We believe it will be worth more in the future. But we also want stuff today.
@_date: 2013-05-04 08:05:19
Was your first order completely filled? Perhaps there was only .095 worth of buy orders to match at your price. You may have a leftover buy order for 0.0005. 
Check the history record. It will tell you what actually happened.
@_date: 2013-11-23 06:57:27
They probably are not.
For those coins to become available again, the encryption would have to be broken. Say quantum computing lives up to its hype, and then some. Bitcoin would transition to some other encryption/hashing method that is secure to quantum computing, and persons would then set about cracking the lost keys. Everyone else would have to secure their balances, say, with a spend-to-self transaction that would secure their balance with the new encryption/hashing methods.
@_date: 2013-05-01 04:02:36
Aaaand - the price does nothing. There goes that theory. Thanks for playing.
@_date: 2013-08-16 11:43:17
There are a few crowdworking sites that can be almost worth doing. Coinworker comes to mind, and I think there are others.
@_date: 2013-04-17 07:24:25
Note that Nasdaq is not selling a single commodity. This means that they are able to segment their market across multiple servers, and allow them to take a second or two to synchronize.
I'd be interested to know what Nasdaq's maximum trades/second is for a single stock.
@_date: 2013-11-11 08:37:17
OK, so a citizen gets an ASIC mining rig. If this is big enough to do any good, it is going to be big enough to attract smart people who will find ways to profit from it.
@_date: 2013-04-16 12:46:08
By the same reason, it is irrational commit to assets in an inflating currency. But we all hold assets and investments tied against the inflating dollar. We either hold them for short periods for convenience, or ensure the interest rate at least covers inflation.
So the rate on a loan written in bitcoin, assuming it tosses off these toddler tantrums we are having now and settles down to a steady deflation, would simply be very low, maybe even negative. Sounds weird, yes, but that is just because our brains are wired for an inflating currency.
@_date: 2013-12-25 06:58:45
I they did, the rest of the world would ignore their broadcast blocks, as they don't meet the rules. Every honest user - i.e. everyone but them, requires blocks to meed the correct difficulty. If you broadcast blocks of lower difficulty, no one will forward them, let alone accept them.
@_date: 2013-12-09 12:30:42
Needless to say, if anyone wants to trade in a 'shady back alley', then turn them down. And report them too.
If I was doing a trade, I'd do so in the foyer of my bank. I don't have to take the withdrawn cash out the front door, and banks have the best surveillance cameras in existence - many of them actually still use film for evidentiary reasons.
@_date: 2013-08-05 09:30:52
Zerocoin is a neat idea, but there is no way it will be integrated into the Bitcoin blockchain. The zerocoin hashes are just to huge. If they could be reduced by a factor of 10, then maybe.
An altcoin incorporating Zerocoin would have to answer the same problem.
@_date: 2013-04-24 13:31:16
Thanks. Estimated Market Average makes sense. But they are not buy and sell, however, as when the market is on the rise, yellow is highest, but when it is dropping, blue is. So yellow is the average over a shorter time, it seems, but just what times (or otherwize) is not made clear.
@_date: 2013-07-10 06:41:28
@_date: 2013-08-07 09:25:42
The only machines currently mining bitcoin successfully are older FPGAs still running, working inefficiently, and ASICs. There is no way to mine on standard computer hardware anymore. Mining has moved on.
What you are seeing, I think, is bitminter catching up, and you are seeing the 'blocks remaining to download' count decreasing.
But, seriously, don't bother. mining, even with high-end GPU hardware is no longer feasible.
@_date: 2013-11-27 05:49:09
Because they chose the name 'coin' for it. If they had called it 'BitTonneOfGold", $900 would be cheap.
If it makes it any better, buy some milliBitcoins or microBitcoins. They are the same thing, only 1000 and 1,000,000 times cheaper. And don't think of them as whole coins either. 0.235 has as much validity as 1.0 or 1.3543 BTC. If you want to invest, invest a dollar amount for whatever you get for it.
By the way, they'll probably be 1,100 tomorrow.
@_date: 2013-06-25 13:24:53
Many persons still look at the mtgox price, but the other exchanges are running ~$5.00 below the mtgox price.
There is nothing official about MtGox pricing. At the moment, they are out of sync.
@_date: 2013-04-23 09:26:25
You can use things like bitaddress to create a bitcoin private key from any text you can remember. Mind you, that is losing randomness. For instance, I put a few bitcents on the private key for the brainwallet for "To be, or not to be, that is the question:". It sat there for 6 months or more, until I emptied the wallet I had the address attached to. In the meantime, someone else had put a few outputs from a PTC faucet, which someone else withdrew later on.
@_date: 2013-04-29 01:13:39
The only reason shipping addresses are tied to credit card and paypal accounts is to reduce chargebacks. The card company gives you the address, and you ship to that address only.
That is all unnecessary with bitcoin - chargebacks are a thing of the past. Simply collect the address on your checkout or sign in form, and send to it. Perhaps you'll want to quote the address back to them to give them a chance to correct any errors, but that's it.
@_date: 2013-04-17 12:45:36
Bitcoin works that way because that is the way bitcoin works.
A bitcoin transaction consists of a message, signed with the private key for the public key identified by an address, saying that the output of a previous transaction that specified this address can now be spent in a transaction signed with (the private key for the public key identified by) these new addresses.
So it is transactions that are the key items. Addresses are just a way of referring to the public key.
@_date: 2013-05-06 08:54:31
If you want to know that the community as a whole thinks of this - well, this noise has started today, and the price has been up all day too. Correlation != causation, yes, but if this was as bad as some make out, the price would have fallen drastically.
@_date: 2013-07-09 12:54:08
Java by default installs a browser plugin which has had multiple exploits in the past and has a long lead time between a responsible disclosure and a fix.
The java install also pushes the Ask malware.
Does Multibit install a custom java without Ask and without the browser plugins? Dopes it somehow ensure that Ask malware is not installed with updates?
@_date: 2013-05-07 05:49:27
A functioning and secure credit card infrastructure? Well, that's what should stop it. The way the credit card system works at the moment is a joke.
Credit card fraud is the problem of the credit card companies, not the rest of the planet. They should not be able to farm off the results of their incompetence on to others.
@_date: 2013-06-14 04:14:43
The manufacturer mentioned a led to signal that it was good or bad - I'd think a single cell e-paper would be a better idea.
Bit downside is the ability to probe it. If the card can sign a message, then it has to use the private key, and that means that it will be able to detected inductively. People have shown that even the changes in power draw reveal a lot about the data being transmitted.
Think a hard drive read head accurately placed over the chip.
@_date: 2013-05-03 13:41:16
No, many of us consider that around $50 is where we can expect it to settle when all this noise is over.
@_date: 2013-05-07 07:19:52
I see it as inevitable. I'd say it is one of these alternatives that will be the eventual winner, but it needs to bring something genuinely new to the table. Perhaps some novel way to deal with the problem of blockchain or UTXO table bloat, or secure instant transactions.
@_date: 2013-05-06 08:28:50
No, microtransactions, which have a value of between 1 to 10 US cents, will be unaffected. Those annoying services that flood the network with valueless spam outputs worth less than a cent will be affected, and that is a good thing.