@_author: robeenio
@_date: 2013-10-16 01:28:05
I've been looking for a decent and reputable UK based BTC exchange for a while.
The problem I have is that the more I dig around the less trust I have in IBWT.
If you want people to trust you, it takes time and money invested on your part.
A decent secure website, a solid 2 stage authentication and open and honest answers to peoples questions.
It stinks of business immaturity that you refer people to a facebook page for any queries.
you should have a helpline ready to take peoples calls
you should have a detailed and thorough FAQ covering not just how to buy and sell but an insight into your services.
The more you put peoples mind at rest the more money that will get invested in your business.
Second of all invest in a business premises, a simple companies house check shows the registered address as a residential. 
Are we to assume this is a run from home business? 
Are we giving all of our details over to a computer sat in a bedroom?
What safeguards are in place to protect customers data?
 
There are so many potential security flaws I'm not going to even go into them.
These small things all amount to a business which if done right can be quite lucrative. I understand that every business has to start somewhere, but it should also have sufficient investment and planning from its owners to ensure its success, which I personally feel you have not.
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:24:13
For those wanting a Live link to the US gov site. 
shows who people are, and also includes a direct download of the different speakers testimonies also.
@_date: 2013-11-19 13:16:13
Given the news last night regarding the senate hearing and the overall rise of bitcoin don't be surprised it takes ages if you don't pay a transaction fee on a small transaction.
Think of the amount that need verifying currently with all the buying and selling. The priority is going to go to the larger and those that pay a transaction fee.
@_date: 2013-11-19 12:42:28
You have Balls..... I like balls!!