@_author: robeph
@_date: 2014-02-09 19:46:36
A third was arrested as well,  Though this article is lacking much information.  
The original articles I came across yesterday suggested that the actual case here arises from several part state attack on the currency traders.   
The person is not a licensed money handler.  However, I fail to see how this is applied in such cases as they're charged... Since they're paid in US currency for virtual "items".   If they were giving money in side-by-side conversions,   buy / sell transactions,  showing proper exchanges, I could see it plausible,  even then a stretch.    
Problem here would suggest that using USD to buy, say a Titan in EVE Online,  is a criminal transaction,  since valuation for BTC is a virtual element,  beyond that of world currencies.   Also of note would be WoW gold,  EVE Isk, etc.    Yes these are not BTC,  technically however, under the specifications as will be seen in the application of the world's laws, they are of the same class.   Even if it is simply an armor set or spaceship in a game, same class of transaction,  cash for virtual-only representation of a product.   Whether BTC or an EVE Spaceship,  these both, being virtual,  have a similar status that real world items do not.   You buy a car it suffers devaluation,   if the market in EVE remains the same, no amount of time or use will cause deprecation in the value of the ship,  just like BTC,  the value is purely market based,  one could argue that EVE Ships could be currencies in the law's regard,  if BTC is to be seen as such in the application used here.
Next, another issue is that this wasn't as the headlines scream.  What REALLY happened is that a buy order was placed for &gt;$30,000 worth of BTC.    When they met to make the transaction,  the buyer told the seller that he was going to use the BTC to buy stolen credit card information from the target et al POS card leak.   This should have been a warning flag and the transaction neglected.  However,  once being told that it was to be used in a crime, and continuing to accept the cash for BTC,  you do become involved in criminal enterprise.   Taking the USD while knowing the intent to use the BTC for fraud, does create a responsibility of not following through with the transaction.  
I do dislike the way they went about this and am hoping to see some interesting applications of entrapment laws application.   I feel that a good defense on his behalf is that his transaction initially was legal and the the illegal nature of it was only realized by the agent of the police who created it,  and that he played no part in that and the transaction would have gone on with or without the undercover agent's statement of that.  Being as such, there was nothing illegal on his behalf as he had no real concern nor did he actually consider what the agent was saying and had no responsibility to do so.  
@_date: 2016-03-04 02:09:47
That isn't how you provide a source.  
@_date: 2013-04-13 19:07:36
I'm not sure why people keep saying this..."Ponzi scheme..."  It isn't entirely too hard to not end up looking like a complete tool and just look up what it means.  
I'm not an ardent defender of bitcoin,  I don't use it myself, and really just like to watch, because it is interesting.  I am, however , somewhat easily irritated by how common it seems that people use their own language without even knowing what the words they use mean.  
A ponzi scheme is one where the earlier tier investors are paid with the later investors funds down the line. Bitcoin, bad investment or not, is nothing like this.  It is fully stated what exactly it is.  There is no false story of investment schemas that are actually just later investors money coming into earlier pockets.  It's exactly what it says it is.  If you want to make up a name for that, go ahead, be my guest,  but at least learn what the fuck you're saying when you speak, so you don't sound so stupid. 
@_date: 2013-04-14 01:28:55
You realize that the USD is just a share of nothing,  just happens to be on a paper in which the value is denoted, rather than a digital cryptographic storage methodology
@_date: 2013-04-14 04:52:42
This I'll concede is true, if you don't lose a fuck ton of money in the bubble drop.
@_date: 2013-04-13 20:04:38
That still isn't exactly as I described it,  I'm guessing now ponzi scheme isn't the only part of the language you've trouble comprehending.   Yes it is dangerous, yes it will likely not do well for investors long term,  yes people make money off of other people... but what it isn't a ponzi scheme.   
Bitcoin has no pay out trickle down which is a core premise of the pyramid based ponzi scheme.  Everything else you've said is correct,  if you buy in now you hope to pay the investors down the line, except, this is how ALL trade works, whether real or share based.   If I buy 10 tons of oranges from a florida farm in hopes of selling them at a higher value to Minute Made a bit down the line,  is this a ponzi scheme?  
@_date: 2013-04-13 20:37:04
Still incorrect.  
FTA: *Since the shares were not quoted on any stock exchange and the company itself determined the share price, it maintained a steady price growth of thousands of percent annually, leading the public to believe its shares were a safe and profitable investment*
Unlike this, where a centralized company decided the pricing of the virtual 'shares' bitcoin exchange rates are a value determined by the trade prices chosen by the individuals,  sort of like that grand (ponzi scheme?) we call wall street.   
Mt Gox and the like don't technically determine the exchange valuation,  they simply use an algorithmic determination for the current exchange rates based on trade values.   Ponzi's such as MMM were self-priced,  they increased in value, not because of any market rise,  but simply because it looked nice to those paying them for the shares that they held control over.  
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:00:58
Indeed.  Though I'd not necessarily define myself as crazy.
@_date: 2013-04-11 12:25:13
I agree this is a good idea.  Some suggestions for such an effort on behalf of exchange listing sites, however;  First, consider the number of trades an exchange has, anything &gt;T (T being an arbitrary number of trades per day/hour whatever, to determine whether an exchange is high enough trade volume to be considered).   Average the lot of the &gt;T exchanges to determine the "exchange rate".  Second, list both the high and low exchange rates from their respective sites, ie. if one is trading at $150 while another at $136 list both these sites in the sidebar showing the min/max exchange rate sites (since those in the middle of the average are of less concern for quick reference, the whole set of the exchange prices could be added on another page).  
The reason for using a &gt;T exchange is that it needs to be ensured that the exchange is entrenched and not apt to easy manipulation by outlier trades on the exchange rate of that listing exchange.  
Something akin to this would be a very quick three value reference to give a good idea of what is going on.  One could go further and weight the average* value based on trade ratios, although this would take a step away from the intent of the OP by still granting more power to the higher voume sites,  it would provide a much more accurate look at the "true" value of the btc across the trade sites.
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:55:49
Omg, if you hadn't posted this thread I'd never have known, thank you. Without you I'd have to check the prices myself. Thanks again, post fifteen more threads in case someone misses it, okay?