@_author: robertlankford
@_date: 2018-01-25 20:29:05
The thing is, no one knows.  Every article you read (and they come out every day) where some "expert" predicts the price to go to $100k, or do to $2k; they're all bullshit.  No one knows.  There is, literally, no way to know.
This is also true for stocks, by the way, but there is an entire industry built up around folks who provide guidance about future pricing.  And all of it is complete and total bullshit.  By definition, no one knows.  And, if they do know, it would be because of insider information, which is illegal.  So there's that.
And Bitcoin is different from stocks on that there isn't some company performance metric behind the scenes that you can use to convince yourself of why a price should or shouldn't be what it is. 
So, all this, really, is people trying to discern popular sentiment and then trying to map that to what they think that means for future pricing.
The only advice I can give you is to understand and come to your own conclusions about what Bitcoin is and what the promise of it could be in the future.  Balance this within the context of how long you plan to be in the market.  Really, ultimately, it's all on you to decide.
For my part, I'm extremely long and truly believe that we haven't even yet begun to see the possibilities that are ahead.
Bitcoin, fundamentally, isn't a stock.  It's a completely different animal.  And everyone bringing their stock "expertise" to it are like the horse trainers of yesteryear trying to tell you about the value of your new car, which they haven't ever seen one of before.
This thing is a protocol that marries finances with computing.  The future is probably bright and won't look at all like what you think of the state of Bitcoin today.
@_date: 2018-01-20 03:44:22
Not to burst your bubble, but there will always be a use for dollars as long as the US government requires folks to pay their taxes in dollars.  After all, the tax requirement is the most basic way of forcing value/adoption for a fiat currency.
But I don't disagree with your point.  The matrix meme in this sub is absolutely right.  By the time you can cash out a single Bitcoin for a fortune in and of itself, you won't need or want to.
@_date: 2018-01-28 01:53:40
Like others have said, go buy a trezor directly from them.  The instructions that come with it will walk you through setting it up.  You will get seed words.  These eventually turn into your private key when entered into a compatible wallet (like trezor).  But your seed words/key are what you need more than anything.  Write them down, store them someplace safe (safe deposit box maybe).
Send your coins to gdax (free).  Send then to your wallet from there (also free). . Sleep peacefully knowing that no one can do anything with your crypto but you.
@_date: 2018-01-28 01:48:27
They support bch.  You get an extra "this isn't BTC, so be careful" click when you access it, but they support it.
@_date: 2018-01-14 17:57:58
Which is fine, as long as you work every day until you die and spend all of your paycheck as you get it.  It's a nice treadmill and it makes for an excellent "boiling frog" scenario.  But if you decide to try and save dollars; if you decide that you are going to live frugally in the hope of NOT having to work someday in the future; well you're kind of screwed.  Because all that  "necessary" and "healthy" inflation means that your savings becomes less valuable every single day.
So folks are then left investing (taking financial gambles that they hope work out), just to try and have something that either keeps up with inflation or maybe even outpaces it. But in the end, it's undeniable ; using the dollar as your main currency enslaves you into a life of servitude.  And this is true whether you realize it or not and even whether you like it or not.
And I'm someone who has "saved adequately" for his retirement. So don't try and characterize me as just being pissed at my lot in life.  I'm just trying to answer your question with some truth.
Tldr: use dollars and get on the wage treadmill.
@_date: 2018-01-20 03:48:03
BTC doesn't have to win out long term.  Buy sometimes first mover status is all that's needed to maintain a majority position in a market.  Plus, the best technological improvements can be folded into Bitcoin.  It doesn't stand still and is already adapting to alleviate those immediate bottlenecks that enhance transaction times and costs.  *cough* lightening network *cough*
@_date: 2018-01-08 19:56:34
It means my miners will be a lot more profitable.  [̲̅$̲̅(̲̅ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°̲̅)̲̅$̲̅]
@_date: 2018-01-28 02:00:55
No battery in a trezor.  It draws power from the USB connection when plugged into your pc.
It would do you some good to go to their site and spend five or ten minutes reading and understanding how it works.
Your trezor is pin protected.  Even with the wallet, no one can do anything without the pin.  Just memorize it and keep it in your head.
You can even add a password to the end of your seed words.  Pin plus password then gets you in.  Even if you write the seed words down for safekeeping, you might elect to never write down the password on the end.. Like your pin, it can only be in your head.
Finally, you can even stack accounts on the trezor.  So, you can have an account that unlocks with your pin that you only keep a small amount of crypto in.  You can then store your real money in the second account that requires the special password.  The point being that someone could put a gun to your head and force you to give up your pin.  You can give them the one with low funds and they wouldn't have any way of knowing that you still have other money under your control in another wallet.
They have thought of everything.
The only thing that could reasonably happen is someone takes your trezor, tears it apart, and with expertise, physically breaks into the chop on board to extract the keys from there.
But if you add the password on at the end, even this wouldn't work.
Seriously, just do it.
@_date: 2018-01-20 03:39:35
Or the fact that there is no safe way to leave bitcoin to one’s heirs?
Sure there is. I'd say there are lots of ways.  But how about just this one.  Create a LastPass entry.  Put your seed words into it (or just a portion if you have a spouse and let your partner store the other portion in their LastPass account).
Now set up whomever you want to have your crypto as the emergency access designate for your account.  After you pass, they can take over the account and access your private key.  Before you pass, any attempt to take over your account would require your approval first. 
That may not be a perfect method, but I bet that it would actually work if put into practice.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:27:58
Stupid question from a total noob.  Can the blocks themselves be expanded by altering the core software to use a standard lossless compression algorithm on each block's data.  It's a stopgap, but a pretty easy/straightforward one that could maybe buy some time.
I realize this effectively is the same as a block size increase (with similar levels of buy-in required) , but maybe it would be slightly more palatable to folks who don't want a block size increase? 
Hell, for all I know blocks may already be compromised of compressed data.
I'm sure I'm not the first person to suggest this.
@_date: 2017-12-24 04:45:19
Our brokerage accounts had extra cash funds available for trade one day.  We, of course, just bought more gbtc with the money!  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:02:50
Sure, but what's a little cpu time when the block chain itself is becoming so unwieldy that folks are starting to consider alternatives?  I mean, how long does it take to compress/decompress text that fits in 1 megabyte?  Sure , it's not nothing, but certainly worth consideration, right?
@_date: 2017-12-24 02:44:09
Yep.  Wife and I have both received ours as well.  But in not entirely sure that they are done.  I thought they said that they would sell progressively over a month or so and I'm thinking it's possible that we might get more than one disbursement.  Somebody fact check me!
@_date: 2017-08-05 11:30:01
I have the same types of thoughts and experiences lately.  As long as you remain a good little consumer working your life away and purchasing things at the store, the banks seem great.  Automatic deposits, online bill pay, etc.  All the friction has been removed from those activities.  But the second you start to try and act as your own self aware agent that wants to use banking to your advantage, things get expensive and become inconvenient immediately. 
Banks suck.  Can't wait to see them fall by the wayside as they are disrupted right out of relevancy by digital crypto currencies. 
@_date: 2018-06-21 19:40:02
So...  Will sending coin from your coinbase pro account still be free like it was on Gdax?
@_date: 2018-06-13 11:08:59
Two passwords would be.  But getting a code sent to your phone via text isn't a second password.  It's a second factor.  And a really insecure one when your phone.number can be taken away from your Sim card.
It's something you have no control over and folks (Google this) have sat by helplessly as they watch their email stolen and money drained from their accounts within minutes.
It's an illusion of security, unfortunately.
@_date: 2018-06-12 12:29:21
I just want to chime in and say that having your phone serve as a 2nd login factor is literally worse than simply having a strong and unique single factor password.  This is because bad actors and spoof telephone numbers (and intercept 2nd factor / password resets) easier than they can guess the original strong password.  Use something else everyone!  Phones (texting) are convenient, but they aren't secure.
@_date: 2018-03-14 10:07:47
Not only does this happen.  It happens regularly and right out in the open.  It's called 'inflation'.  And it's why Bitcoin matters.
Of course certain greedy bastards are playing with the numbers to enrich themselves.  And it's not just by fudging the number of currency units either.  Go Google 'libor scandal'.  What Satoshi did was start a revolution.  A revolution against Central banking.  And he damn well knew it and he remained anonymous because it.  Because literally the richest most influential people on EARTH (and they aren't the ones you hear about on the news and see in Forbes lists) stand to lose here.
@_date: 2018-02-06 00:20:02
Bitcoin is different in that you can keep sub dividing a single Bitcoin into smaller denominations.  You can't really do that with physical currency.  So even if 98% of Bitcoins (for instance) are tied up with hodlers, the remaining 2% of coins being actively traded can be subdivided further and further until enough units are available as to facilitate meaningful trade across a given population.
And, yes the savers come out way ahead as their existing holdings become more and more valuable.  And when they do start to spend, we'll, there is your inflation right there.
The system we have now that tells us "inflation is necessary" for a functioning economy simply turns nearly all of us all into wage slaves.
@_date: 2018-04-30 17:19:40
Here's what I don't get.  Are stocks not a gamble?  Because if you don't think that they are, if you're sure you know how to always make money in the stock market, well, then you probably ought to be investigated for potentially engaging in insider trading.  Because, by definition, stocks ***ought*** to be 'gambling' for anyone too.
@_date: 2018-04-15 23:26:09
Seems like a big problem with this is the erosion in confidence that the entire chain would suffer.  If an actor is doing it to profit from double spending, their Bitcoin value will fall precipitously after executing the attack.
The only way it could really be beneficial is if someone can profit from devaluing the entire block chain itself through the erosion of confidence in it.
@_date: 2018-12-08 14:05:04
Retired from what? A previous career or mining at the moment because it isn't profitable?
My point was just to say that lots of people keep mining at a loss, which is silly.  If you spend $10 in electricity to obtain $9 coin, you'd have been better off just buying $10 of coin.
The whole point of mining is that people quit when it isn't profitable.  That way the folks left mining get more coin per cycle and it becomes profitable again.  In other words, it should self regulate.  But lots of folks continue to irrationally mine at a loss and that isn't good for anyone.
Another factor is folks mining who get the electricity for 'free'.  It's all profit to them.  But someone has to pay and, in effect, you're stealing from them.  The moral thing to do would be to give them the coin you earn.
@_date: 2018-12-06 02:46:17
It's never smart to mine at a loss. Take the money you are spending and just buy coin.