@_author: robpot891
@_date: 2018-01-31 22:34:40
Not informing anyone of anything. I assumed there was a fix in the works and that’s why I asked. I don’t know why everyone is so defensive here, it’s not like that in stock or precious metals forums.
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:13:10
Yep pretty much exactly right. Typically it’s illegal to collude with other firms to manipulate price, or use order book spoofing or other forms of manipulation to steer an asset away from its true market value. 
Bitcoin is the Wild West with no regulation. People manipulate it all the time and now that the REAL money can play along things are going to get interesting. Goldman, JP, Morgan Stanley, and about 50 hedge funds all have prop trading desks that have billions in capital. They could easily move bitcoin wherever they want and no amount of retail investor enthusiasm can stop that. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 03:21:20
It doesn’t matter if there’s a lot of people going long contracts to match shorts, that doesn’t effect the underlying price. It’s how they react in the BTC market that matters. Also like I said there’s a lot of longs that will have a greater time span. You buy a contract 6 months out at 20k price and the guy who sold it will sell it tomorrow if it crashes 79%, making huge profit, that doesn’t effect you. You are looking at 6 month price. Just because two people buy and sell a contract to each other doesn’t mean it stays with those two the entire time. It’s a liquid market and contracts change hands a ton of times before expiration. 
I’m saying long term holders can buy contracts 6-12 months out and many will but in the short term bitcoin will take a beating and front month contracts won’t fare so well
@_date: 2017-12-09 03:08:22
Uhh yeah sure you go ahead and try to squeeze out the rest of the Street. When you get slaughtered like the rest of the cultists here then you can go back to school and learn about homoeostasis or entropy or any other mean reverting concept. You can’t keep going up without going down.
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:02:37
They have no reason to go against the herd. Why wouldn’t they short and make a killing with everyone else? Professional traders don’t get in the way of a market they ride it wherever it goes. 
Only stubborn fanboys who have married their asset hold on tight in the face of crashing prices. Especially with bitcoin because it literally has no underlying value except the value given to it by speculators.
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:02:48
Yes, yes it is how it works. You have a lot of people who will want bitcoin exposure because they have too much capital to effectively buy their block on the open market so they buy long contracts. 
The fact that it’s run up so much BEFORE futures have traded means the manipulation is to the downside. Why would they pump it up before they even have long contracts? 
Look at the fanboy nature of this sub. You don’t think you can find traders willing to long BTC futures? Most of the trading will be done HFT anyway. Algos talking to algos and sniffing out orders to front run and/or push prices down by order book spoofing and hidden orders. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:31:13
Facebook makes billions in profit and essentially is taking over the world. They have very real value. 
Bitcoin is what? One of thousands of internet currencies, which can’t be spent at most places?
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:49:04
I’m going off that. They say 5-10%. Either way it’s highly leveraged.
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:38:21
I’ve worked for several prop trading firms and a consulting company that advised clients on commodity risk. I have traded options for 15 years and some oil and gas futures when it’s right in my own account and now I work for a large Canadian broker making prop algos for the prop desk and building a websocket for faster trading for retail side. 
I’m going back to school to get another masters in cs though since that’s what trading is now. 
Reasons I could see this not happening is liquidity issue where buy side can’t match the sell side and big short positions can’t be taken. Also the infamous short squeeze could happen where firms pump the price up to squeeze out other firms with known short positions. That’s not a confidence play on BTC tho it’s just a tactic to gain short squeeze profit. 
I’ve seen this before and whenever an asset is massively volatile to the upside before news, something is a miss. Markets always react negatively to uncertainty, and this market move makes me think certain members of the market place aren’t so “uncertain” of the future. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:10:52
Oil was 158$ one year and $40 the next and hasn’t return back. 
The miners can’t mine bitcoin lower than a certain price, and that will exacerbate any price drop as people aren’t clearing funds and there’s a rush to the exits to get on the last block so to speak. 
Also, who knows how much BTC is owned by short sellers? It’s a dark market where you can hide in plain site. Any rip could be hit with a dip for a long time, and contract holders have time working against them. 
Negative carry is something you learn early on to never have exposure to.
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:45:34
The age old adage “Buy the rumour, sell the news” is at full force here. 
You’ve had massive (read: Irrationally parabolic) returns in one month and now you should sell into the news. This is a fundamental material change in the market and that doesn’t bode well for the status quo of double digit monthly returns. 
Bitcoin has a lot pent up bears that had no way to get exposure to the downside and that kept bitcoin going like a bipolar manic chick. Now that the Street can get downside exposure with a fiat instrument, bitcoin WILL pay the piper. 
Bulls make money. Bears make money. Little piggies get slaughtered.
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:08:21
Also, this is a futures contract not an option contract. What if someone wants to take delivery of bitcoin in the future? Or hedge their bitcoin price if they rely on it for business? There’s a ton of reasons one would go long contracts that aren’t necessarily purely profit driven or 0 sum. 
When airlines buy oil futures do you think they’re making speculative bets? No. They’re hedging oil costs so they aren’t exposed to volatility. What the fuck is more volatile than bitcoin? Pretty soon my dog will start telling people to buy bitcoin. 
“When your dentist is giving you stock advice, it’s time to sell”.
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:44:41
Yes thank you I thought I was in an investment sub, not a fan club. 
The interesting thing is bitcoin still has no mechanism to short it effectively. Shorting bitcoin the regular way is pretty much impossible and the futures market is derivative so there’s going to be massive divergence between forward contracts and price...in a market where manipulation is perfectly fine. Bitcoin will turn into the biggest cesspool of price manipulation that there’s going to be boiler rooms popping up everywhere just to take a piece of the free pie. 
How are the miners, devs, industry leaders and regulators going to react? Bitcoin is going to be the next binary option scam unless people actually put effort into cleaning it up. 
Here’s a trading strategy for when futures start trading. Watch for volume to start drying up when the futures price is really far from the underlying.  That’s when the Street is lifting the proverbial hammer only for it to come swinging down again with huge force. Something like go short when futures price is 2 standard deviations from the bitcoin 10 day ma and volume has lowered every day for three consecutive days. I’ll have a few algos paper trading the market next few months that’s for sure but the edge potential is massive. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:18:59
What’s your take on the situation then? Do you even have any thoughts past “hodl”? Any exit plan or even a general guideline on how you’ll navigate the upcoming uncertainties? Or is it just the typical don’t think don’t stress just hold on tight and most importantly don’t ever question bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:53:01
Because you can crash bitcoin yourself by putting up huge sell orders, you can’t bid it up quickly because you rely on counterparties for that. And the run up in the last few days indicates massive buying which means they’re planning to use the BTC they bought to dump with. If they wanted to go long futures they would have wait until Monday and got into their long positions first before pumping. Why do it now and miss out on the very thing you’re trying to do? 
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:29:18
5-10% 
It’s massively leveraged. Buy a bunch of bitcoin and you actually HOPE they go to 0 cause your contracts have just gone up triple digits. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:56:55
You can sell your contracts when they go up. Expiration just means the holder the of contract can choose to take delivery. You can trade futures intraday and many do. 
In fact, most futures trading is done HFT and it’s what caused the flash crash. Trader with a fat finger sold too many e-mini futures intraday and caused a chain reaction.
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:40:00
Look at this thread for your answer. Not so obvious to most.
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:20:46
Oh god you’re a prepper libertarian type. Fiat is backed by the US government and is trusted as a fungible and stable store of value. Who cares if it’s just paper? So are contracts. Bitcoin is no different since literally anyone can create a coin. Can’t say the same about USD. 
Bitcoin is a massively deflationary currency which means it’ll never be used ax wide spread currency since no one would spend it when they can just hold it and have more buying power later. 
That’s pizza everyone talks about here where the guy bought it with BTC? That’s the issue. Who wants a currency where you’re terrified to spend it cause it might quadruple in a year.
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:33:26
Hedge funds can do private offerings and by bitcoin off market, they can layer every order book with bids and clean it dry. Hell, during the 80’s hostile takeovers they used to put ads in the paper saying “Will buy your stock of XYZ, paying $2 above market price” just to pick up as much as possible. 
The scariest thing is how many bitcoins have changed hands off market? It’s easy to call up big holders and offer higher than market price to buy huge blocks off them, all without an exchange ever seeing it. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:46:27
It would only take one firm to do it really. JP Morgan could sink 10 billion into this and walk away with a few billion risk free. I’ve been around for a while in this business and all the firms talk and talk a lot. There’s an overnight money lending fund where firms loan cash to each other. It’s a big incestous family.
Also, not even a need to collude blatantly. Anyone can see this as the trade to make. It’s really really obvious. Cantor Fitzgerald set up the whole thing to provide a trade to the big boys. I’m sure Cantor will have quite the warm reception on the street after this. Good for them tho they deserve it after what happened to them on 9/11.
@_date: 2017-12-09 02:57:03
I’ve addressed that many times by saying no they won’t. I don’t believe there will be enough pumpers to offset the crash. Who in their right minds would go long an asset that’s gone up to these ridiculous prices in one year? Why would they risk ruin by buying into an avalanche of selling? Be pragmatic. Commercial traders don’t trust an asset farther than they can spit and they wouldn’t have the capital to fight the dump even if they were drunk or high enough to try.
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:04:31
The massive growth from it becoming popular isn’t good for bitcoin. It’s diverging from its mean way way too far and it’s being bought by people who just want to own bitcoin. There’s no opposing market forces to force a price equilibrium. Most markets are efficient in that the current price is the sum total of all known information regarding the asset. 
Bitcoin is what is called a speculative bubble because all pretence of underlying value are out the window and what’s worse is that nay sayers don’t have any options to short. They can’t step in and keep equilibrium and try to revert to the mean. Which means we’re god knows how many standard deviations away from the norm and the only thing keeping it going is confidence. If the party ends, and people get tired or bored or just take profit then this thing could crash far. 
What’s the fair value for a bitcoin? What metrics do you use? What about the asset makes it have inherent worth and what is that worth? If these questions start being asked loudly and by people with a lot of money, we could see another dotcom bubble, housing collapse or tulip mania. 
...and those things actually had intrinsic value to them. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 03:31:10
Ah man I hit a nerve. You shouldn’t get so emotional and attached to your trades. Look at them from both sides and write down why each decision would fail (fear is a stronger emotion than greed). 
This game theory non sense completely ignores the price action of the last few days and the public animosity that Wall St has had towards bitcoin. Just look at the numbers so it’s objective. Bitcoin is way way above its 200 day ma, it’s spiked up going into news (bad sign), it hadn’t had a healthy correction to shake out weak hands in a long time which means the holder base is bunch of jittery squirrels and the price is now in the classical end of the bubble phase, past exuberance and into what is called a “blow off top” where the first domino falls so to speak. 
Anyway you’ll see in the coming weeks what I mean. If I’m wrong I’m wrong and I’ll just buy bitcoin instead. You however seem emotionally invested and good trading decisions are never made when one is emotional. Good luck!
@_date: 2017-12-09 03:14:16
That’s all well and good but people using it as protection against governments and inflation don’t trade on markets, they typically trade amongst themselves so their order flow doesn’t effect price they just react to it. And gold is used as a protective asset too and has been for thousands of years, yet gold only moves when Wall Street says it does. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:37:34
No that’s just the logical move. If you could leverage your firms capital to engineer a trade that will net you billions, in an unregulated market, with unsophisticated counter parties, wouldn’t you? 
This happens in precious metals markets all the time but it’s much much harder because liquidity is so huge and the market is so robust that any one firm can’t really manipulate price much other than spoof the order book. And it’s illegal so it can’t be too telegraphed. 
Bitcoin? This trade is like Christmas morning coming early. It’ll be like The Big Short except instead of feisty upstarts sticking it to Wall Street, it’ll be Wall Street butt fucking “hodlers”
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:56:13
That’s not true at all, they just have to slowly push prices down until the expiration dates. Can’t dump it 70% in two days or they risk not offsetting the short before a big rebound. 
A light and gentle stab to the neck then slowwwwly let bitcoin slump to the floor. Ssshhhh.
@_date: 2017-12-09 00:23:43
They’re still hedging volatility. You can buy a contract and you know your entry and exits. You can quantify the trade. Institutional investors don’t like 25% swings in a day. They don’t even like 3-4% swings in a day because the longer you’re in this game the more you realize value adjust risk and sharpe ratio matters way more than alpha. 
You lose 50% and it could take years to get back to even. You slowly gain returns and you let the power of compounding and positive carry make you rich. No real trader would buy an actual bitcoin, they’d buy a long contract that they can roll out if it goes against them. 