@_author: roca215
@_date: 2018-05-07 12:29:49
Tyson personally reached out to me regarding my post and we discussed my concerns and other misunderstandings.  He was very informative and apologized for not disclosing the like-kind fees.  He was also helpful with helping me understand common practices of tax attorneys / CPAs and answered various questions.
To make things right he gave me a 50% refund for the misunderstand which I thought was fair, especially since he did not have to do that.  I am thankful for him reaching out to me and would still recommend his firm.
@_date: 2018-03-24 09:32:04
I have used Tyson Cross’s law firm recently and here is some feedback from my experience:
Bottom Line Up Front: They handled all of my Taxes and Cryptocurrency reporting without any problems.  His law firm knows what they are doing but I did have some issues with them.
Before I entered into a legal agreement with his firm to handle my taxes we had a 30 minute phone consultation which was $200.  I asked many questions regarding cryptocurrency taxes, like-kind exchanges, and some other general tax inquiries.  I also asked him about his fees and how much everything would cost.  He mentioned per tax return year would cost anywhere from $800 to 1600 depending on the complexity and could run higher depending on the service.  At this point he answered all of my tax questions and I felt comfortable enough to hire his firm.  There was a deposit of $500 to get started and he disclosed this during the consultation.
Upon signing up I received several emails with instructions on how to upload all of my tax documents to a secure website.  It was pretty simple and I successfully uploaded the documents.  Afterwards I notified Tyson that all the documents were uploaded and he sent an tax agreement form for me to sign.  This basically stated all the terms, conditions, and legal liabilities.  One important thing to NOTE, is that their law group stated in the legal agreement that they will handle my taxes “without verification or audit”.  Meaning that the information I provided will not be checked for accuracy, errors, etc.  Although I did not have an issue with this as I was confident in my records provided to them, I would imagine one who hires a tax law firm would want verification and auditing since we are not tax experts.  
After providing the documents, it took about a week or so to hear back from someone and when I did it was one of his tax accountants who requested more information.  In regard to cryptocurrency transactions, all of the records I provided were from Bitcoin.tax, a website where you can import your crypto records from exchanges and get calculations of profits/losses.  Afterwards when everything was provided they followed up with general questions.  There were some time gaps in communication however and I had to follow up several times for updates on whether they were making progress on my taxes.  They did respond to all of my inquires and answered questions so no issues there.
When it was all said and done my taxes tax returns looked good and they were filed.  My biggest issue is when I received my tax invoice from Tyson it was significantly higher than what we discussed.  My invoice was over $5000 and this caught me by surprise and I definitely do not like surprises.  I emailed Tyson thinking it was a mistake and he responded saying it was valid with explaining the reason why.  The biggest charges were for the handling of like-kind exchanges, which were charged at $2500 per tax filing year.  I was upset about this because Tyson did not mention this fee for like-kind exchanges when we discussed this during our phone consultation.  This was the biggest topic our of phone discussion and one would think this fee would have been disclosed, especially given the price for such handling.   Before talking to Tyson’s law firm, I spoke with several others which all of them I received price quotes from.  If I would have known about Tyson’s fees earlier I would have probably went with another firm.  As I mentioned earlier, my tax returns were handled “without verification or audit” and with the high like-kind handling fee, one would think this is included.  Tyson did mention the reasoning for the like-kind fee and said it was due to the complexity and risk.  The risk part however I disagreed with as I had to sign a form excluding his firm from legal liability if the IRS disagrees with my filing.  The risk is all on me.  
In the end, I did not dispute his fees and paid the invoice.  My biggest disappointment with the firm were certain fees such as the like-kind one not disclosed.  With that said, lesson to be learned here is to ASK many questions about fees when hiring a law firm so nothing comes later as a surprise.  I’ll take the blame as this is something I should have done early on.  Besides that, his firm was good with everything else.  I would recommend this firm but exercise caution by again asking many questions about fees upfront.  
For feedback to Tyson and his firm, please disclose fees upfront for all services before they are performed.  Although I did not have any problems paying this, some other people may not be financial straight and this could hurt them due to their own miscalculations and assumptions.  
Now I have to settle for Cat Fur interior for my new Lambo due to these fees!  LOL.  (and no I don’t have a Lambo anymore, it got repo-ed along with everybody else’s during the market decline!)  
Hope this feedback helps everybody!
Good luck with taxes!
