@_author: rockyz
@_date: 2014-03-07 21:10:04
^This.  There's pretty much a beginner's guide to bitcoin on the right side of this subreddit page, yet I feel like people are just blatantly ignoring it on this subreddit or just straight trolling.  
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:12:53
Legal restraints explains everything.  But fuck any answer that doesn't follow Reddit mentality.  But it's good that you guys are suuuchhhhh activists in this situation.  You know, joining the 3 other activists outside of mtgox offices.  
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:32:31
"When companies are allowed to fail, their resources get reallocated in the market"
I'm assuming the resources he mentions is referring to the jaded customer base of Mt. Gox.  
I don't understand how even someone like Andreas can claim that this is not a failure of the free-market system.  BECAUSE IT IS.  The bitcoin economy is no where near efficient.  Information is unevenly distributed giving crooks and inside traders a huge advantage over average bitcoin adopters.  I'm not crying for a replica of the US system.  But rather, I want people to take these messages with a grain of salt.  Because it goes against everything that is common sense.  
@_date: 2014-02-14 11:02:51
Definitely.  Trading still occurs at Mt.Gox.  A lot of people think that their mtgox coins are worth 0 right now so they're trying to get whatever money they can from them.  Don't really care to push my personal opinion.  But if thought your coins were going to be worth 0 tomorrow, you wouldn't mind selling for 300 now.  Whereas others who think that this is going to blow up wouldn't mind picking up cheap 300 dollar coins.
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:34:15
Mt gox was an exchange that required you to put btcs in their wallet. I still can't comprehend how "keeping it in cold storage" was a viable option. Because I do keep my coins in cold storage and I put coins I want to trade in gox. How can this possibly have been prevented? It seems all people were saying is that if you didn't want to lose your coins you shouldn't have used gox. Pure hindsight. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:45:35
Taking into account that most investors are rational, this is because of risk premium.  This is an elementary principle: 
 
For some time before this whole incident, people were able to arbitrage between mt. gox and other exchanges.  This is also why people used BitcoinBuilder.
Why did people invest in Bitcoins over other safer forms of investment vehicles?  Same concept.
Given that there is very little market efficiency in bitcoin and that the spread of information is clouded at best.  It is hard for people to make rational decisions.  Hindsight IS 20/20 like you mentioned.
However, this doesn't mean that people should not learn their lesson from Mt. Gox which is that none of the current exchanges should be trusted either (until there is FULL transparency or healthy regulation)  It is only time before the next big BTC heist.  Mt. Gox is not the only BTC business to run away with customer money.  People should all be wary of this.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 05:35:46
You can get mining contracts where you can just pay for time on other people's mining equipment.  Eliminates the overhead on your part.  Shameless plug for my friend's:
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:36:01
He's just trolling.  Nobody is that rude in person.  Only on the internet.  Let him do his thing.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:48:34
I'm very open to the idea. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:22:24
you're so smart!
@_date: 2014-11-06 10:47:03
All you have to do is call your CC company about this.  
@_date: 2014-03-04 02:00:34
The free market is prone to market failures.  There is an imbalance of information between customers and the exchanges that they use.  It will ALWAYS be like that because this imbalance of information allows arbitrage.  In a free market, no rational exchange executive will give up that arbitrage unless the opportunity cost becomes higher that what he is earning.  
That is why our trading is regulated.  That's why I can trust putting money in my bank and in my brokerage.  This is not a matter of BTC being regulated, it's inherently free from regulation.  It's about the people who run these exchanges being under the same rules that other businesses like them have to abide by to create a safe trading environment.
I like bitcoins and I think it is ridiculous when people say things like don't put your money into exchanges or don't leave a large sum of money with people you don't know.  Cause guess what, I have no idea who the CEO of Wells Fargo or Scottrade are, but I don't have a single problem leaving my money with them.
In your fairy-land where free market is going to make everyone happy.  What happens to the losers in the MtGox and SR2 heists?
@_date: 2014-02-18 23:08:36
I can't seem to escape this in the reddit forums.  Nobody has come up with any solid evidence outside of conspiracy theories that mtgox stole all the BTC's.
It's anyone's game to bet on either side.  Wouldn't you think if there was any solid evidence that mtgox, the detectives of reddit would find it?  ESPECIALLY when people have millions of fiat tied to their mtgox accounts.  Wouldn't you think at least one of them would've found definitely evidence?
There isn't.  Hence the bet is on.  You're entitled to your opinions but not your own truths.    
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:52:05
car wash!!!
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:35:21
This need more upboats
@_date: 2014-03-04 01:54:47
That is just straight up misleading.  How is that helpful for the guy who put in their BTC's in Mt.Gox waiting for a limit order to go through?  How about the guy who deposited their coins in gox a few months ago, did their trade, bit was unable to get his BTC out immediately afterwards?  
Mt.Gox has proven how easy it is for BTC exchanges to get away with completely criminal behavior.  If anything, it should remind everyone how risky it is to trade BTC and how risky it is to even hold BTC's in anything other than a cold wallet.  This means the only thing to do with BTC's is to hoard.  People will stop using and the price will go down.
The only thing to save it is regulation.  I think it's ridiculous some people believe that there will exist a completely transparent exchange that will do it for the sake of the community and not for pure personal gain.  Without any further regulations, it seems there is no reason for any other current BTC exchanges not to repeat the GOX incident.  GOX is the not the last, and I will bet you on that.  
Anyone wishing for a future of Bitcoin should be begging for regulation.  
@_date: 2014-02-14 12:46:28
dream on
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:26:41
Then your bitcoins would be gone for sure.
@_date: 2014-02-14 12:34:04
I just bought some bitcoins as well.  Instead of going big, I did a small amount to see how it goes.  Looks like withdrawls are all manually handled somewhere here in the west coast (US).  
An issue however, is that mtgox changes your deposit address every time but bitcoin builder locks your withdraw address for a week, so you essentially need to create a new account every time you make a withdrawl.
But I did just make a 27% profit in a second after fees (that is assuming that mt gox will come back up along with value of bitcoins).  Fun bet, especially with the small amount of money I'm willing to lose.
@_date: 2014-12-01 07:02:38
This reply scares me..  Guys please learn more about financial tools and credit before signing up for credit cards.  I know they try to market to you as magic money, but it's not!
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:20:12
I see the point you're making and I really hope that it's not the view held by a majority of BTC holders.  For BTC to thrive, it must adhere to basic economic principals and it most definitely need to be regulated.  
There can be healthy regulations to keep BTC a safe and secure transaction as well as a trading tool.  And if MtGox can just run away with your money, it sets a precedent for other exchanges to do the same.  (Unless we begin to regulate bitcoins)
I've been following BTC's since the dollars and I never for a second believed in this crazy view of some de-regulated currency.  That idea will only function in a magical world with rules different than the ones already set for us in ours. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 05:56:23
Yah, people are pissed that they aren't given the 1000% trade opportunities anymore with BTC's.  HERE IT IS.  For a lot of people, trading BTC's were a 1000% or nothing trade.  
Is this high risk?  Yes.  High potential return?  Yes.  
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:20:56
@_date: 2014-02-25 18:14:11
Explain the negative assets. Show us their books because the moment that information actually comes out it would've already been on the front page. You can have your opinion but please don't make up facts. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:47:59
cool username
@_date: 2014-02-27 07:21:05
Look at the trading activity on mtgox after btc withdrawls ended as well as bitcoinbuilder.  I would challenge that a lot of BTC investors can really see a bright future for BTC's.
If this becomes legitimate and transparent, I don't see why holders of large amounts of BTC's won't start coming in and bailing out people who would like to trade their stake away at discounted rates.  I love the idea of getting paid dividends on my goxcoins
@_date: 2014-02-24 21:41:45
Same here.
They will be in cold storage with the rest of my coins until I find another exchange.  Mt.Gox has obviously lost the trust their customers after THIS incident.  Without this incident though, I wouldn't have thought twice about trading my coins on Gox though.  And aside from one or two people that were screaming and yelling fire before this incident, I would say that applies to most BTC traders as well.
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:02:32
good for you.
@_date: 2014-06-02 21:23:04
I was browsing r/bitcoin in class one day and these guys behind me start talking about it.  I thought cool, I can talk to some like-minded people about btcs/cyrptos.  The guy ended up being a complete douchehole that tried to dominate the conversation talking about how he made thousands of dollars with his USB miners and a bunch of other non-sense to impress his friend and the people around us that were listening to the conversation.  
I just politely excused myself from the conversation. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:33:22
I think a "u mad bro?" comes in appropriately here.  
Bribing someone to leak information that they are bound by contract (or the law) to not disclose is not whiste-blowing.  It's not that glorious, and it's probably also pretty damn unethical.
@_date: 2014-02-19 21:28:42
Doesn't say much more than what it's been saying for the past weeks.  I can only assume now that people have their bitcoins and fiat back trading will go on as usual.  Mt Gox prices will go back up.  Overall bitcoin price is anyone's game?  But with mtGox recovering withdrawals I can only view that as bullish news
@_date: 2014-02-14 12:42:28
People putting blind faith in another digital wallet?  Lulz.  At least coinbase has a better track record right?
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:17:17
If he wrote **ALL YOUR COINS ARE OKAY** and still leave Mt.Gox offline or leave withdrawals unavailable.  Will you believe that the funds are any more secure than you do now?  Seriously?  
@_date: 2014-02-26 07:28:40
This is an unregulated market and your advice is very sound considering that.  However, for the HUGE portion of us that hope BTC brokerages continue to exist in BTC History, we have to reform them in a way that we can TRUST them.
For example, I use Scottrade, and I don't for a second doubt that my investments are safe in there.  I should NOT be consistently moving my money in and out.  In fact, I leave my investments in there for YEARS.  That's the general expectation when it comes to brokerages, why can't that be the same for BTC's.  Or is it because in the Anarcho-Capatalist BTC distopia, people operate in a constant state of distrust?  Because fuck that, I've wanted BTC's to be regulated from day 1, and this is just more evidence that it needs it.    
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:47:11
It just seems like you are speaking for bitcoin users as a whole.  In your theory, the bitcoin community wouldn't use Mt. Gox or any of the current exchanges in the first place.  There would be 1. no incentive to do so and 2. it would be way too risky (like you mentioned with the warning signs)
  
However, in practice.  People did use Mt. Gox and still use other forms of large BTC businesses.  I don't think you can speak for everyone in that they don't want insurance for their investments.
The warning signs for any type of bitcoin business started the day they were establish and still exist which is that transacting with bitcoin has all the flaws listed by OP.  As early adopters, we take on these risks because we want to find ways to fix them.  I do understand there are certain sects that believe in a functional free-market system.  But in practice, it has been met with market failures.  You are entitled to your theory of bitcoin implementation, but it is not a fact.
@_date: 2014-03-11 02:13:52
Why not?
@_date: 2014-02-19 07:29:52
that's the spirit!
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:45:22
If Mt.Gox was afraid that a thief had access to their private key, why didn't they just move money out of this account so that the thief won't have access  to the new wallet?  Just seems like there was no thief in the first place.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:25:36
Or legally bound which is what they've said.  Their poor communication has caused a lot of panic.  But please recognize that while emotions and gut-reactions are all very useful in certain situations.  It doesn't give you any superiority over other people who like to stay calm, with logic.  
Does having the doom-gloom mentality or having an optimistic view change where your BTC's have gone?  Probably not.
@_date: 2014-02-14 12:48:19
I just did.  We'll see soon won't we?
@_date: 2014-02-08 23:19:59
People have different investment strategies.  Comparing just volatility like you did, bitcoins has moved thousands of percents.  This is one of many crashes since its birth, and considerably a mild one.  The 30% drop happened in a matter of days, a common occurrence.  This is why people might view BTC as a risky investment in terms of volatility.  
A brokerage here in America for your bonds and stocks, fiat currency... is under heavy federal regulation.  It is a SAFE place to keep your money.  Keeping ALL your money in Mt Gox is NOT a safe a practice.  That was the point.  Volatility has nothing to do with it.  When you want to trade cryptos this early in the game, you assume the risk by putting your money into a place like Mt Gox.  Those who don't accept that risk, SHOULD be investing their money in other assets that are traded through regulated brokerages or should be buying coins and putting them into their paper wallets.
@_date: 2014-03-07 21:06:57
Then why are you so certain of your view?  Knowledgeable people have taken their time to explain to you how things work in the real world, and you just turn it around and call them naive.  Please contribute something that supports your point of view then.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:51:13
YES!  Absolutely reminds me of Pinksheets.  There's always people profiting.  If it's not you, it's them.
@_date: 2014-02-20 00:58:31
I know you think you are very smart.  But please:
Off topic, but what motivates you to act out like that, even if you are protected by your computer screen?  Because I know so many people in real life that have similar problems.  Mostly old conservative folks trying to sell you their wacky ideas.  I just can't imagine the same type of person would be on reddit.  In my mind, reddit represents a newer better generation that can exercise critical thinking and good manners.  I guess there are always outliers.
@_date: 2014-12-01 07:12:54
Did you even try to talk to one of the paypal reps?  
Bitcoin is a very weak tool for transaction BECAUSE there is no chargebacks.  Think of yourself on the other end.  Paypal/Ebay leans so far on the customer-side to attract...more customers.  As a customer, why would I use bitcoin when I can use my credit/debit/paypal that helps protect me against fraudulent transactions?  
As a seller, why didn't you save your shipping information?  Stuff like this happens all the time, you just need to call up paypal, talk to their claims department and provide proof that you sent the items.  As far as our contract laws go, the seller is responsible for the item UP TO the point that it gets to the buyer.  What if something did go wrong and they never got it?  The customer would deserve the refund and it would be your responsibility to file an insurance claim with the carrier.
I wouldn't feel safe using bitcoins as a transaction method for anything other than person-to-person.  Take a look at all the crap that went on when people pre-ordered asic miners using bitcoins but the seller didn't deliver.  It's a novelty to buy a bowl of ramen with it or maybe as a method to buy drugs on the dark net.  But as an e-commerce transaction tool?  Not yet!
Edit: not to discount the good work that companies like Coinbase has been doing to make bitcoin as a safe e-commerce tool!
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:08:02
Because getting verified for an account was completely reasonable due to the circumstances of them being investigated for money laundering. 
 I know you're just trolling, but unfortunately there are people who legitimately have the same questions you do.  "Why did Mt.Gox users ignore all those warning signs?  Are they stupid?"  The answer is: not exactly.
Mt.Gox has been criminally misleading the public as well as their customers about their business for what looks like years.  Unless you had insider knowledge, you knew no better than anyone else until recently when they announced insolvency.  
They (GOX) had explanations for all these "warning" signs.  Some people who just got into bitcoins after this whole Mt.Gox incident may not know that before the shutdown, Mt.Gox had been the biggest BTC exchange on the market.  It is also one of the original exchanges that made Bitcoins what it is today.  It was part of the Bitcoin Foundation and in the eyes of the bitcoin community, they were a legitimate exchange.  For traders, their trading platform was very useful, for those who seeked arbitrage, their price premiums were very appealing.  With stricter regulations from the US government, their USD withdrawal system became more and more un-usable.  They also required users to verify their accounts to meet with new regulations.  While, assisted with hindsight, this could be interpreted as a warning sign.  It could also be, and WAS, interpreted as a bitcoin business evolving to meet growing regulations.  The fact that OTHER exchanges weren't following in their foot-steps should be worrying to you guys even NOW.  What makes you think that the feds are going to stop at SR, BitInstant, Mt.Gox?  These same issues people were having with Mt. Gox was/is/will-be happening to all the other exchanges available today.  Unless something changes.  
Of course you can say, "why trade bitcoins at all if it's so risky."  For that question, I urge you to do some research on your own...
@_date: 2014-03-07 20:55:26
This needs more upboats.  Anyone try it??
@_date: 2014-03-19 23:24:31
That is completely ridiculous dude.  Please stop spreading this information.  YOU can keep all your coins in cold wallets.  In fact, that is what I do as well.  But you can't tell people to not put coins in hot wallets or exchanges or any third party server.  Bitcoins are not just for hoarding....
@_date: 2014-02-19 21:14:43
I think the speculation (and I don't agree with it) is that there were no REAL BTC's trading in mtGox for a while now.  Everyone has been trading funny mtgox money.  mtGox has ran away with all BTC's and fiats that have been deposited to them and let you trade with their funny money that you can't withdraw.  Again, that is what some people on reddit believe.  It is pure speculation, but COULD BE POSSIBLE.  You can either make your choice on what to believe now, or wait it out.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:07:39
Figures you mentioned are unconfirmed.  But yes, if that document was legitimate, then it makes very little sense for anyone to take on a 750K BTC debt for any reason.
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:13:07
People using Mt.Gox was under the general notion that they were making a bet on BTC's and not Mt.Gox.  I know that with the massive amount of hindsight now, every Internet Warrior (TM) can claim that everyone who lost bitcoins in Mt.Gox was stupid or deserved it because they should've done their DD on Gox.  However, I want to remind everyone that taking this whole incident out of the picture, a person doing their DD on what exchange to use would have found that Gox was equally susceptible of bankruptcy as ANY of the other exchanges running now.  What happens to Mt.Gox WILL set a precedent for the behavior of other exchanges in the future.  You guys all yell for free-market.  But this is an obvious case of market-failure where there is a improper distribution of information between the business and customer.  If Mark had been honest with us the whole time, nobody would have lost any funds (or at least recover some of it through bitcoinbuilder with investors who actually would like to take on the bankruptcy risk of goxcoins.)  To turn around and blame this on the customer is the last thing any one should be doing.
People who use bitcoin exchanges were the early adopters of one of the most important implementation methods of bitcoins which is trading.  I know some bitcoiners have a ideal utopia in their mind where everyone transacts in person, nobody hoards, and excess coins (if any) are store in cold wallets in safe-depost boxes.  But bitcoin is not THAT new.  It's running its course now.  When your hypothesis is wrong, you don't just blame your subjects (bitcoin adopters) for not following it.  Rather, you should be taking a step back and seeing that your hypothesis about bitcoin implementation might be WRONG.
If it weren't for Mt.Gox (and later other exchanges), bitcoin would NOT BE WHAT IT IS TODAY.
I do understand how you can have different opinions on whether Mt.Gox customers should be compensated or not.  I personally think it's ridiculous to just tell someone to compensate Mt.Gox customers just because they have a lot of BTC's rather than going after the real culprit, Mark.  But I want people to get it through their heads that BITCOIN did not go bankrupt, nowhere near it.  An exchange simply stole people's money.
@_date: 2014-02-24 06:31:24
Agreed!  There is one thing to have a negative view of Mt.Gox.  And who can possibly not???  But to start spreading doom and gloom news with no evidence.  That just seems shady to me.
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:37:54
Thank you for this post.  These are the same issues that I've noticed from the beginning but yet still believed in bitcoin's potential.  I didn't adopt early on for the reasons you've listed and got burned adopting later on, because the reasons you listed.  Only to be met with 's typical response that I am an idiot for using bitcoin like it was meant to be used.
@_date: 2014-03-07 21:02:42
This is a really interesting subject.  I think you make a really good point and that if and certain bitcoin forums represents the view of the majority of bitcoin holders, then that theory certainly holds true.  
However, I want to challenge that these same Libertarian BTC users were the ones that are more prone to hoarding their coins in cold wallets and find different ways to evade taxes.  Their preferred mode of transaction is probably face-to-face through cash.  They would not be using exchanges that tie their coins to their personal info.  Like Mt. Gox, Coinbase...  If you guys haven't caught my drift.  I'm trying to say that while there exists a large amount of anarcho-capitalist bitcoin users, I don't think much of them are represented in the whole Mt.Gox situation.  Investors harmed by Mt.Gox are not the same ones screaming for free-market like you said.
@_date: 2014-02-14 12:38:28
Lol, people's lives.  Not saying it isn't COMPLETELY unethical if MtGox were to steal all our coins.  But they have done nothing like that.  Unless someone actively trades bitcoins as their dayjob, their bitcoin, aside from speculation, has gone nowhere.  (my bitcoins still appear in my mtgox wallet)  So how are they playing with someone's lives?  Why is someone's life dependent on bitcoins?  Why would they choose bitcoin as an investment vehicle without doing their due diligence?
We blame stuff like subprime mortgages on predatory lenders.  But was there a predatory MtGox pusher that pushed you into MtGox?  No, it was greed.  If you wanted a regulated investment vehicle, you would've chose it.
@_date: 2014-02-26 17:02:53
The title caught my eye when I saw my WSJ sitting outside today.  Read through it and felt like it was repeating really the same mainstream ideas.  However, besides the somewhat misleading title, I didn't feel the overall piece had any type of agenda.  It really brought points from both sides of the equation.  A lot of doom and gloomers as well as a lot of optimistic investors.
However I can see your frustration.  The way that they just cherry-picked lines from your actual interview to completely change your view on the subject is bad journalism and just unethical.  The WSJ of all places should have a bit more integrity than that.
@_date: 2014-12-01 07:20:49
76% is pretty crappy depending on what type of business you run.  On the customer side, I only shop for the cheapest prices.
Why no worries about chargebacks?  Maybe Amazon handles that better than paypal does?  Just because it hasn't happened to you doesn't mean someone can't file a chargeback claim on an Amazon purchase.
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:31:32
Wow all dat hindsight.  Tell me again why people should've believed that SS Gox had massive holes in it?
Stopping USD fiat withdrawals had a very logical explanation.  They were under investigation by the US Gov and they were in the process of adapting to new US regulations.  You can easily send your BTC's to coinbase to turn them into USD.
Mt.Gox is the leading exchange, it lead the way for BTC trading.  However they were not competent enough to handle the volume of people wanting to trade using their platform.  This gave rise to a lot of alt. exchanges, it also lowered volume on their trading site to a point that they were previously able to handle.
As for Mt. Gox getting hacked back in 2011, as far as the general consensus goes, is that they have since fixed these security issues.  Nobody would care to even bring this up if it weren't for this to try to make some connection.
Look, the general theme of a lot of these posts is that people should do their due diligence before they invest.  That VERY sound advice.  But people have different interpretations of their research.  Yes, people can read between the lines and draw conclusions that Mt Gox will stop BTC withdrawls without prior notice.  But it was not "obvious" like every Captain Hindsight here is trying to push.  
@_date: 2014-02-14 11:01:15
The alternative is that they just take our coins and run?  
@_date: 2013-12-17 10:36:18
and you can't smoke bitcoins.  Damn it.
@_date: 2013-12-17 10:33:17
High risk high return (or loss).  I thought that was implied in the volatility which made BTC's such an attractive trading entity in the first place right?
@_date: 2013-12-17 10:48:58
Took me a lot of time and money to learn this!