@_author: rocklobster3
@_date: 2015-11-03 19:21:58
I know no one knows what the fuck is gonna happen. The shit could become totally worthless tomorrow. I was just asking for some opinions. Not guaranteed answers. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 00:18:32
That is an asinine and completely false argument. Seriously, that's one of the most retarded things I've ever heard. 
Selling something that can be possibly used to kill someone is not "enabling killers". By your logic car salesmen are "enabling killers", as many people kill people with cars. Sports stores are "enabling killers" because they sell baseball bats. Hardware stores are "enabling killers" and thieves because they sell pry bars. I could go on and on forever. Think next time before you speak. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 00:28:52


That is completely incorrect. Firearms are used for sport and recreation everywhere. Is the primary utility of a firearm to kill? Yes and no. The primary utility of a shotgun is sport and killing fowl. The primary utility of a competition shotgun is shooting clays, for competition. It's not ever used for anything else, it is "sports equipment" as you stated. That's what it's designed for, and that's what it's used for. Sorry but you are simply wrong. Firearms have much more purpose than just "killing". Shit, even a firearm marketed and designed for home and personal defense isn't for "killing", it's purpose is protecting. 
You have a very narrow and skewed view of firearms. It's obvious you never owned or spent any time around them. My point is that if I sell you a .40 S&amp;W handgun what you do with it has no relevance to me. I'm not "enabling murder" by selling it to you. I just sold you a handgun, that's it. If I sell you a kitchen knife and you kill someone with it that's on you. I didn't "enable" you at all, you made your own decisions. By your logic if I sell you a car and you drive it into a crowd of people I "enabled" you. The "purpose" of the object has absolutely zero relevance. It's what the person chooses to do with it. 
