@_author: rocketborn
@_date: 2018-01-19 01:18:12
Seeing isn't believing. Believing is seeing.
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:00:17
I see I tried tackling this debate from the top down instead of the bottom up! Back to class for me then, I have no shortage of material on those subjects but was putting them off to go over later. BU's node bubble seems to have burst so I'm not in such a rush anymore. Thanks for the help. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 20:56:15
Perhaps you could help me understand a better way to explain both sides? 
From what I have been able to put together the price of a bitcoin transaction will keep increasing without additional blocksize increase? or am I missing something? 
@_date: 2017-03-14 15:15:28




This is like the US congress. Even if your outnumbered by the majority one Rep with balls can filibuster until he can't any longer or a compromise is made. Consensus is the goal here and pretending the miners are just foot-soldiers that follow orders is both naive and disrespectful. They have decisions to make like anyone in any part of this project and expecting them to just take what certain developers feed them while ignoring others is laughable. They are expected to do exactly what they are doing and if no deal with the miners will be made after the complete pile of garbage Core tried to make them swallow after pretending to reach one in the first place then this project is a walking zombie waiting to be put out of its misery. 
Holders of bitcoin do not need any olive branch besides a compromise and mutual respect between all parties involved so progress may resume. Holders get the largest reward of all if the project succeeds and an internal rift between Management and Production is their main concern. The direction we are going is second only to actually moving in a direction instead of standing still. A shark that doesn't swim dies. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 21:06:29
Lol okay can you try without bias? 
BU is undoubtedly​ buggy but the concept of large blocks vs small blocks is what I'm trying to understand more. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 21:43:00
eh I see it both ways. Core has had years to refine and I remember the early days when it had plenty of severe bugs still in the code. BU is like a baby in comparison and it is a long way from earning any sort of support from me. Both sides have engaged in less than honorable activities that have damaged the community, hopefully Bitcoin is as anti-fragile as some think it is. My goal is to understand the small block vs big block debate so that I have an understanding of where the project is headed. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:39:39
So you base your assumptions off even more assumptions with no data to support any conclusion... okay then. Well at least things are never boring around here! 
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:02:42
Now that is a logical assessment. I still want to understand this debate in much more detail but it is much less urgent now if BU's node bubble is popping. I'm just trying to figure out where I should be standing or if I even have a horse in this race at all. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 14:58:09


That is irrelevant to what is the main problem right now and that is Core's reputation. If they won't even try then they are just as much a threat to the future of this project as "buggy BU code" would be. Core made a promise and hasn't kept it. Miners and Developers will always be less than trusting but if they can't even respect each other this project is going nowhere fast. I'm fine with that for the moment too but we will need a decision and the sooner the better. The developers seem to have gotten a big head and I think it would go a long way if they expressed some humility.
@_date: 2017-03-14 17:29:18


slippery slope fallacy. 


The users wouldn't tolerate such a move. As they have tolerated this debate, but there isn't much of a grantee they will do so forever. 


Those who create the rules, compromising with those who enforce them is not handing over full control of the network. On the contrary it is a check and balance of power against handing full control of the project to the hands of the devs and that is equally as reckless as letting miners dictate. Compromise for consensus. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 18:32:34
Miners are doing more than blocking it. They are starting to show support for the "buggy BU code" and in good numbers. If that trend continues Core will not be as essential as it is now. In that scenario would you be advocating that we dismiss Core's input as quickly as you are dismissing BU's? 
Either Core compromises for consensus with the miners. Or they risk being left out in the cold. Consensus on Segwit is dwindling and BU is growing, those metrics have changed before and they may change again but a hardfork implementation of Segwit with a small blocksize increase would make 95% of people happy and allow for consensus now, basically what they agreed to in the beginning before selling out to other interests like the blockstream agenda for off-chain solutions. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 15:31:49


Miners - The people who implement their code. 
Hodlers - The people with invested interest in the project.
Basically everyone. The issue isn't the so much the code as it is the rift between Developer and Miner caused by Core's arrogance to promise one thing and deliver something else entirely. Much like politicians. 
Segwit will only give us the block size increase when people transfer their existing bitcoin funds to new Segwit wallets. This is expected to be a slow process so any block size gains probably will be too gradual to be helpful.
The compromise here would of been an increase of at least 1mb now and plus what Segwit brings. Not just Segwit. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 15:51:21


You should. The developers should. The devs are stuck right now because they are not listening to those 'irrelevant' miners. Like a congress that has ignored the people for too long they are at risk of being replaced and that is exactly what will happen if current trends hold and Core doesn't make some reparations. 
Holders want bitcoin moving forward. Up or down, left or right is second to actually moving in a direction. Standing still means death to most investors. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 21:48:03
entirely possible. Then I could move on from this question and come back to it later. You wouldn't happen to have any good sources or references for the small block vs big block debate would you? 
@_date: 2017-03-11 20:35:28
Lol how about no? 
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:32:47
I'm not too concerned with motives. Good or bad they all have a part to play in this project and if it is still possible to cause complete chaos from the protocol level I want that fully explored now. I would rather see bitcoin in shambles barely clinging to life than to shelter it and bubble wrap it from reality. 
I'm interested in the narratives that are spinning around and what the end game of those manipulating the public perspective. I only came out of my lurking today to see if I couldn't piece together enough about this debate to form my own opinion and pick a side as BU looked like it was about to force a showdown. 
I'm still not sure how a dynamic block-size gives full control to miners but I know I have a lot more reading to do on the scaling solutions presented. Off chain scaling is a hard sell it would seem, and I want to go find out exactly why and if those concerns could be eased. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 21:29:55
This bug was identified by a BU dev. Core supporters found out about this bug AFTER a fix was committed into the code. So... yeah. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:24:22
I'm not trying to pick a side and sincerely apologize if my analogy came across as condescending. I have seen both sides use the term settlement layer so I thought it neutral. Most of my ignorance seems to stem from not completely understanding on vs off chain scaling. Its a tricky topic and scary to many who came to bitcoin for the immutable ledger. From a layman's perspective it sounds like a tricky fungibility or censorship attack. 
In any case I am a firm believer that even bad actors inside this community have a role to play in Bitcoin's evolution and they contribute to the success of this project even if they do everything they can to harm it. If Bitcoin isn't as indestructible or anti-fragile as I want to believe it is, I would rather find out now instead of later. More time for the real bitcoin to rise again. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 15:26:46
Its really simple... Miners want an increase to the blocksize. Segwit doesn't meet that requirement. Developers demanding we nurture a fee market when we are still subsidizing the blockreward with double digit bitcoins is misguided and short-minded in my view. 
If Core wants Segwit implemented, they will need to increase the blocksize now and implement Segwit at the same time. This would give us the breathing room the miners need and also the long term improvements Segwit promises. Just implementing Segwit isn't enough now, it may of been 2 years ago but we have full blocks today. Full blocks are not a bad thing in the future but right now I believe aggressive expansion is bitcoin's best hope. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 14:41:35




I can't square this and I don't think I am alone. So if Core wants to move forward imo, they need to extend an olive branch. Not a promise for an olive branch down the road, they need to give the miners something in good faith to help mend the broken trust. If they don't the miners will just continue to pursue other options, and it doesn't matter to them how risky those options are because many of them believe staying where we are now is an even greater risk than something like unlimited. It has flaws like just about anything in this space right now but those flaws that may be problems down the road might be perceived as less risk than losing use case and adoption to competitors right now. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 13:38:34
This could all be wrong, I'm just a casual follower but this is my observation. 
Core said they would increase the blocksize before but failed to honor the agreement. Why would anyone believe them? Core/Blockstream have a reputation problem that isn't going away just because its swept under the rug. If miners can not trust the developers well... this is what happens until something else comes along. Big blocks/small blocks, digital gold/digital currency the miners don't care about any of that as much as they care about making money here and now. They made an agreement in HongKong and they have not gotten over being stiffed. Reparations are in order, then maybe you can find compromises but until everyone at the table believes they are being treated with respect there will be no deal. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 20:54:06


Not trying to be condescending, it was just the simplest explanation. If you know a better way to explain the different sides please reply with it. 
Could it still be used as currency? Of course! Just about anything can, but it won't be good for daily use as it would price out 99% of the population in the next few years. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:15:13
I'm curious how you think they are bluffing? It has been over a year and we are now hitting the limit consistently. This is more than a bluff, progress has ground to a snails pace and BU is rising. 
Consensus through compromise is a dangerous precedent? More or less dangerous than establishing the precedent that one group of developers dictates the protocol? See from my perspective this is all an assessment of risk. We preserve the status quo to hash out this debate but we risk losing use case and adoption. We go with Core and Segwit then we risk centralizing bitcoin development and losing the currency aspect of bitcoin to some fairy tale settlement layer. We go with BU and we risk buggy code and no layer two solutions. Any move and no move is now a huge risk and the stakes keep rising. This all or nothing mentality is hurting us far more than either of the two solutions put together in my opinion. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 21:17:11


But if users need to update to new wallets to take advantage of the additional 0.7mb of blocksize segwit brings, wouldn't this be a slow change over time and the effect on the blocksize negligible? I'm not sure how this constitutes a compromise. 
I apologize for the improper formatting of the poll, but with such a complicated topic I thought a small explanation would be better than none although small blocks vs big blocks would of been a less biased way to get that across. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 15:45:39
That is a horrible analogy but if you want to make it work its more like every painter in the world has joined the painters union. The painters union said we need 10 gallons of paint a year to keep your house looking perfect. You being the genius you are decide that's too much paint and you only want to pay for 5 gallons of paint a year. The union says no we need 10 because we are not going to put our name on something that doesn't meet our quality standards. Sure you can fire the union and go with black market paint labor but your house is going to look like crap. 
Miners are not just foot soldiers, as this entire experience should of taught you already if you were willing to learn from it. They are blocking implementation right now. They have power and responsibility as much or even more than developers. Until that is recognized by everyone bitcoin is going to be stuck where it is for a good long time or the miners do something desperate. 
@_date: 2017-03-14 15:02:56
Segwit will only give us the block size increase when people transfer their existing bitcoin funds to new Segwit wallets. This is expected to be a slow process so any block size gains probably will be too gradual to be helpful. 
The compromise here would of been an increase of at least 1mb now and + what Segwit brings. Not just Segwit. 