@_author: rockman4
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:01:20
Yes, all derivatives have expiration dates.  When the funds need to roll from one contract to the next, contango is possible.
This gets amplified on leveraged ETF's or volatile underlying (like VIX)
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:46:47
"CME Group says new contract will be cash-settled, based on the CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate (BRR) which serves as a once-a-day reference rate of the U.S. dollar price of bitcoin."
They don't have to create a bitcoin, only the USD notational value of what a coin (or whatever the contract size is, it's likely 10+) is worth in USD terms.
Now apply that logic to central bankers who print money.
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:38:18
Remove all scarcity of something, and create a secondary market with unlimited supply.  Ask gold holders what they think of /GC contacts.
Also- ETF's based on futures have contango, they make terrible ETF's for holding long term.  I was hoping for an ETF that actually transacted and stored BTC closer to how the GLD ETF is suppose to work for gold.
I'm not sold this is a positive, this will attract money away from the primary market, and opens the door for abuse.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:13:48
I do trade/speculate futures on CME.  When I take positions in /CL, I don't buy/sell 100 barrels of oil to hedge with. Same as /GC, I don't buy 100oz of gold to hedge with.  If a trade goes wrong, i just eat the monetary loss and move on.
I'm not saying this WILL lead to abuse, but if the point of crypto is to dis-join from central bankers fiat monetary system, we just attached it to a market that allows unlimited short selling and central bankers with no concern for things like fiat losses.
In theory- this market should only reflect what happens on real exchanges like GDAX.  However- if a secondary can grow large enough the "tail wags the dog"
@_date: 2018-04-04 21:29:06
Impossible to tell; No general consensus on if bitcoin is a risk-asset or a safe-heaven.  Teething issues still trying to define what bitcoin is in relation to other assets.
To me, personally, I think bitcoin a risk-asset.  IMO- it is the best barometer of "animal spirits" I use to gauge risk appetite in general, and I'll apply that to other markets.  With this in mind, I think if trade wars pull in risk appetite elsewhere, I think bitcoin follows as well, sorry.  If I thought it was a safe-heaven, I can easily see it the other way as well.  These stances almost needs to be somewhat fluid too, because it doesn't have an iron clad set public opinion yet.
Finally, media largely works for ratings for ad spend.  Calling this stage of the game a 'trade war' is a bit sensationalist, solely because the amount in tariffs is microscopic both the scale of both economies.  Just throwing this out there because markets hate uncertainty, and so its probably already over-doing it in the fear camp versus probable outcome from all this.  It may not even become a catalyst to move the price.