@_author: rodents210
@_date: 2013-10-30 23:36:31
For  it was kind of a stupid question that I shouldn't have ended up asking. I meant how does the software verify that the private key is correct when you go to redeem the wallet, but I redacted the question when I remembered how encryption actually works.
@_date: 2013-10-31 01:11:09
Question that I *cannot* find a simple answer for: How do I mine? I have two computers running 24/7 (one is a media server and the other is a more powerful PC that I just leave on). 99% of the time, neither of these computers are in use. Even if I would get a minuscule amount of Bitcoin from it, using these computers in a mining pool would be more productive than them just sitting there like they currently are.
However, I have a bachelor's degree in information technology and I still can't find a readable explanation of it. My understanding is that I should be able to join a mining pool with a client software, a wallet address, and a username/password if the particular pool requires it. Getting a wallet address is trivial, but I have no idea how to do the other two things.
1. How do I find a mining client? One of my computers is Windows 7 (may be Windows 8 soon), the other is Ubuntu. I also have a Mac but I don't want to mine on it right now.
2. How do I find a mining pool? How do I know what sort of return I'll get from a pool? If a certain pool has better returns then why doesn't everyone join that pool (which would presumably decrease the return, causing a cycle)?
@_date: 2013-10-31 01:33:54
I just figured I'd put the computers to use since they're sitting there powered-on 24/7 anyway. And electricity is provided by my apartment complex; I don't pay for it so I wasn't worried about that.
@_date: 2013-10-30 22:14:08
Re: Paper Wallets
If I understand correctly, you use some software to generate a wallet address offline, which consists of a public and private key. You use the public address to deposit the money and the private key stays offline, and this is secure. With this as my understanding of the process, I have three questions:
1. Can I still verify the balance of these wallets on, for example, Coinbase, without ever exposing the private key?
2. How does it know the private key if it has never been exposed? (Actually, this is a stupid question. I have a BS in IT so I'm going to guess that it will decrypt with whatever key you give it but only the true key will decrypt it to something usable?)
3. Someone explain the M of N thing to me?