@_author: rofl_waffle_zzz
@_date: 2014-11-16 13:27:26
While technically correct, you should never say so in a place heavily occupied by prescriptivists.
@_date: 2014-10-06 02:43:41
The future of Bitcoin (the currency) depends largely upon our ability to curtail the HFTers who have a stronger interest in Bitcoin (the volatility roller coaster). As far as I can see, these two groups of Bitcoiners are diametrically opposed, and it's going to get worse if more opportunists enter the fray.
The question is though, what can we as a community do to disincentivise high frequency and generally manipulative behaviour?
@_date: 2014-08-21 00:27:21
Great work, detective-bot.
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:44:34
No no no, animals!
It's Vorewhores!
@_date: 2014-10-06 02:27:32
I'm not so sure about that. ROI on some of the cloud miners I've seen looks to be between 50 and 80 days. That's a short enough period to be worth a small risk. At least with cloud miners you can start small and scale easily.
@_date: 2014-10-30 12:37:32
More complicated things being the retention of hashes of old blocks? I don't remember if I read about that happening, or just thought to myself that it should.
That should be enough to verify the accuracy of other nodes' histories, right? Get them to send a hash of their (actual) block and see if it aligns with the rest of the networks stored hashes.
@_date: 2014-09-20 23:32:10
I can see part of a give way sign and some dotted lines. Definitely the truck's fault. Even if the red car hadn't been coming, the truck should still have stopped since there was a cyclist crossing.
@_date: 2015-10-08 02:19:49
Uhhh, I think you'll find that the USD is backed by freedom, by which I mean really big guns.
@_date: 2013-06-27 20:26:30
I had this idea a while ago. Here is my take on a few potential issues
* Implement in Python using the M2crypto libraries, publish under GPL
* To allow for a secret ballot, each user gets a public and a private key
* Votes get added to a blockchain-like file
* To lodge a vote, a user signs a portion of the blockchain with their private key, adds their vote text to a *different* part of the blockchain, then includes a total file checksum at that point to prevent tampering by other parties.
* If a user wishes to give up their anonymity, they can allow others to see their voting history by publishing their name + public key together. Other users cannot cast votes fraudulently, but can see votes which are lodged.
* Along with the blockchain, each client also stores a "voter authentication" file, indicating the public keys which are allowed to vote in given elections. Everyone needs a copy to prevent 51% attacks
* Using the voter authentication file, the vote tabulating software can be told to show all votes, or to only show votes from certain classes of voters. In other words, you could even run the senate and congress in this manner, where senators and congressmen have a different vote level to allow them to vote in a way which represents their constituents. Allows for a permanent record, which is easily accessible by the constituency. Senators and congressmen would probably need to share their public keys for transparency's sake, or a separate keyset  could be provided for their different tiers of responsibility.
* To get added to the voter authentication file, other longtime users must digitally sign the new inductee in. The identities of these authenticating parties should be on record for transparency. There should probably be a separate class of voters whose sole responsibility it is to induce new individuals. This is a decentralised web of trust, so all authenticators need to be very carefully limited with checks and balances. Potentially, 3 authenticator level signatures, and 6 citizen level signatures could be required. All of the authenticators would need to physically meet and confirm the new inductee.
I might have forgotten some bits. Any questions?
@_date: 2013-04-17 11:52:11
Incorrect number of B's. You will burn for this.
@_date: 2013-06-28 05:56:01
Sure, they can make 20 key pairs, but none of the votes would count, because the public key needs to be classified as a citizen through the authentication process. Birth cert and drivers licence could be ticked off after an individual's authentication, to prevent them from trying a cloning attack. Note that birth cert details wouldn't have any other data stored next to them, so it still keeps the citizen anonymous.
The second issue might be a little harder. Let me give it some more thought.
@_date: 2013-04-17 11:47:15
Correct number of B's? Good job.
@_date: 2013-06-27 22:12:23
I think it could be very intuitive for old people.
There would need to be iOS, android and a variety of native x86 frontends, and the mobile version could use a server-side blockchain (like Electrum? I think? Although this raises security concerns if too many people use the same service).
From a user interface perspective, there could be a classic interface, which features familiar icons of the voting procedure, like ballot boxes and forms. This "classic vote" skin could be the default, but there could also be a skin using the principles of flat design, in order to maximise space efficiency and clarity.
My major concern at this stage is with computing power. In the Bitcoin protocol, mining provides the incentive to provide computing power, but we shouldn't really give people more votes just because they have a larger ASIC rig. I see three possible solutions:
1. Adding a currency system to the blockchain, which has no transaction fee for citizens (anyone not in the authentication file will be considered spam, and dropped from the blockchain).
2. Piggybacking on Bitcoin. This isn't ideal though, because votes would require transaction fees... not the end of the world though, if the fee was small enough so as not to exclude anyone.
3. Government computers which are housed in a transparent environment, and provide hashing power as a public service. People should be able to verify it. Problem: people don't necessarily trust the government to do this right, and that distrust is most likely well-founded.
Thanks for your feedback. If you have any other thoughts, or if you want to help in any way, let me know.
@_date: 2013-06-27 22:20:34
I think my understanding of crypto might be a little patchy around key pair generation. Can't an individual choose their own private key, and then generate a public key from it?
I think revocation is definitely an issue at this stage, but other web-of-trust systems seem to handle it, so there should be a way. Can you see any solutions off the top of your head?
Thanks for your interest, and for helping me moot this thing out. Even if it's impossible, it's an interesting thought experiment.