@_author: roflkopt3r
@_date: 2014-12-15 22:08:45
The trick of the original accumulation of capital: First you steal it, then you declare it private property.
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:22:27
I challenge my views all the time, that's why I post so much on Reddit. Although just like the guy from the video concluded in his view on comments, it indeed can be very tedious and means reading through a lot of redudant or flat bad points. Still I think  that on Reddit there can be some good points every now and then.
This guy does discuss open questions of socialism very well, but note that they are no systemic contradictions. They are open questions that are being worked on and need to be shaped out. [Those are the same debates that are being led inside the socialist community]( We don't want a Leninist or Stalinist system either - those were results of their times and circumstances which removed all the correctives that a system is supposed to have. As the guy from your video rightfully says, nobody has all the answers, so an organic democratic process is necessary, and those were one of the major flaws that the Bolshevik/Soviet fell over as all correctives were removed.
The part you were mentioning about voting is pretty simple - you have the level of the working place, the local level, and the national level. It is very much like today. Only that by democraticising the working place and getting rid of the organic centralisation of capital tha thappens under capitalism, you already provided a great boon to the functionality of democracy. That is the reason the state doesn't work to our benefit today? Why does it indoctrinate us into bad policies like the denial of health services and the war on drugs and the criminalisation of "online piracy" and foreign was like Vietnam and Iraq? In very much every issue, you come back to financial interests of the wealthy. 
[The other part of the question is: What can you learn from the opposition?]( Marx founded Das Kapital on the basis of deconstructing the bourgeois economy of his time. He learned a great deal from them. He concluded that capitalism was a necessary precursor to a socialist or even communist society, because there were things we had to gain and that we had to learn from capitalism.
@_date: 2014-12-15 09:42:32


Bullshit. You are thinking of the authoritarian USSR systems, that resembled more feudalism/Asian Mode of Production with a bureacratic superstructure oppressing the workers, than socialism. Democracy was no element in them.


Oh and dismantling the protections of the working class and the poor against corporate power is going to change that?
@_date: 2014-12-15 10:32:47
Did USSR workers have any say in their working place? Did they make business decisions? Pretty much none. It was a top-down system.
@_date: 2014-12-15 09:53:21
"Force" is the maintenance of private ownership of capital. The ownership of farmland and ressources and means of production, that the common people can only access through the dependency relation that is wage labour.
If earth was infinite, capitalism would work just fine as anyone could start from the bottom. But in reality the world is distributed into ownership, and that ownership quickly becomes authoritarian as everyone else has to keep out of the owned property.
Remove all ideology for a second and think about how crazy a world is in which there are tremendous amounts of uninhabited homes, and tremendous amounts of homelessness at the same time.
@_date: 2014-12-15 09:39:52
Implying that the PRL or USSR was socialist. 
Socialism is democracy. Socialism is the association of free workers. The USSR was captured by authoritarians and there was nothing free about it anymore.
@_date: 2014-12-15 09:50:28
So, enlighten me then: What responsiblity do Libertarians think should be connected to the ownership of capital?
@_date: 2014-12-15 09:34:57
What's even funnier is that yours got downvoted, too. This is downvote carpet bombing I guess :P
We're surrounded by Libertarians after all.
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:37:04
If capitalism does not work fine, what makes you hold onto it?
Do you realise that even classical political economists like Smith held protectionism in high regards, because otherwise you end in neo-colonial arrangements like across Africa, where the land and ressources are all controlled by foreigners and small local elites, and nothing is left to the people living there?
The situation you describe is that the state exists to protect the rich from the poor. But with "more economic freedom", you do not actually change that: In reverse, you remove the safeguards that the poor gave themselves against the rich. For example social security and basic worker rights.
What social democrats want is a state that protects the poor against the rich. But as you rightfully pointed out, there is the issue of regulatory capture. The capitalists capture the systems which were supposed to regulate the capitalists, and use them to rob the people. You are right on that part.
And that is why Socialism is there: to go beyond capitalism. I think you mistake socialism for the USSR regimes. But those were just early socialist failures just like the first projects of capitalism failed in a feudalist world. The goal of socialism is not to create a system as un-free as the USSR, but to *increase* freedom, by giving everyone access to the means of productions, i.e. to the possibility to build their life for themselves, without being dependend on the capitalist class. Even the dramatically flawed USSR was a drastic improvement of wealth and freedom over the Zarist Russia it took over. The original Marxist theory however is that *capitalism is a necesary first step* to achieve socialism, because socialism requires the free people for its basis. You can see why that is much essier in the modern western hemisphere than in zarist Russia!
As a first step, magine a USA in which businesses are no longer owned by the wealthy, but are managed by the workers themselves. That would be Anarcho-Syndicalism. Would the workers overpay themselves? Look at our economy. Workers are far more afraid of losing their job than of their actual wage. This system of organisation would mean to get rid of the fatcats and to create good worthwile work environments!
@_date: 2014-12-15 09:47:56
[Do you realise how capitalism works and what accumulation is?](
In a market in which only the most efficient business can make a profit, you get into monopoly situations all on your own. The less state interference you have, the faster you get there.
The only exeption is in new markets, which start as actually functional because different companies try different things and nobody knows what works best yet. But as time progresses, the capital gathers in less and less hands until entire industries are dominated by few.
@_date: 2014-12-15 03:55:36
[Richard D Wolff gives great introductions into the socialist critique of capitalism]( - I find his speaking style slightly unbearable, but he teaches all the fundamental structures of what define an economic form.
[David Harvey]( is an excellent Marxist theoreticist who applies Marxist theory on his speciality of urbanisation since  fourty years. [He is also great in explaining the complications of actually changing the system]( Especially the part from his first talk is very striking, I absolutely recommend that one: how the "freedom and liberty" our politicians preach just mean "freedom for capital to open any market it wants", and how that diverges from the public interest.
@_date: 2014-12-15 09:46:47


Oh great, how do you manage the cables then? Will you leave them to the free market? One company owns them and everyone else gets fucked? Or will you open up the streets of every city to 24/7 construction so that hundreds of companies may plant their cables in them at the same time?
And still there will be barriers of entry. It will still take tremendous amounts of capital to start an ISP. You get competition amongst the wealthy, the imperative for profit, and the fucking of the user.


Hey great, you should join the Anarchist movements. As soon as you realise that removing the government means that you have to remove corporations, too, and socialise the capital. Because otherwise you get the immediate re-capture of the state by corporate power and corporate power *alone* this time. You serve them all their goals of dismantling the structures that protect the workers and the poor, and then give them a clean slate to write on whatever they desire. Great.


Democracy. Between the commune and the democratically organised socialist working place, the government is actually less powerful than ever before.
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:07:28


You have no bloody clue what these terms mean.
Capitalism for itself has nothing to do with free markets. Capitalism means that people can privately own capital. Capital is property that is used to extract a profit - a house that I own to live in it is not capital. A house that I own to rent to another person is capital. A business with its equipment is capital - I can own a business and use it to make profit. I hire workers who create value in the business, and I only give them a fraction of the value they create, and so I make profit. That not every business is equally successful, and that many even fail and disband, does not change this fundamental principle.
What you want is the perfectly free unregulated market that for example Adam Smith described. But he did not describe it as the definition of capitalism, he described it as the way capitalism works the best for the benefit of all. And he did so under *terribly naive* assumptions. Smith assumed things like that a capitalist would preferr having his countrymen working for him, even if he had to pay them higher wages. 
Capitalism meanwhile exists indepdendly of free markets. The third Reich was a great time for capitalists! The owners of heavy industries had the time of their lifes. The corporations that profited for example in the defense industry back then are still going strong: Porsche, Henschel, Rheinmetall, Maybach/MTU...
Equally, socialism does not mean to regulate the markets in favour of the  social good - that is *social democracy*. You have three fundamental directions here:
1. Libertarianism: The belief that capital should be private property, and be without any responsibility. Because Libertarians believe that the power of the market will compell them to use their property for the good of all.
2. Social Democracy: The belief that people should have capital as private property, but that this comes with duties towards the social good - let's say I own half of the American farmland, or that I am the richest man in the country, or that I own half of the nations houses: Then social democrats will say that I have a *social responsibility*. This is set in effect through democratic governmental regulations, taxation, redistribution,...
3. Socialism: The belief that the private ownership of capital itself is unacceptable. That things like means of production, and farm land, and ressources, should no longer be privately owned, but freely available to the public and managed democratically.


So you have two options:
1. Disband the government and hope that the free market will somehow work out for the best and not through us back into conditions like during the industrialisation, where workers were fodder for the machinery. You disband all means of democratic power with the state - corporations are not democratic, they are authortarian structures in which the workers have no right but to accept or to leave.
2. Socialise the capital and restore true democracy!
@_date: 2014-12-15 03:50:09
 I have made the bitter experience that Reddit turned from a highly capitalism critical platform into one with very powerful reactionary and libertarian fractions, where bullshit like that still flies. 
I used to be a moderate social democrat after high school, by now I have gone full socialist.  The more time I spent exposed to the Libertarian ideas, the more obvious it becomes how little they care about reality. The more I learned about the Marxist analysis of capitalism, the more sense it made. 
When there is a bad development in society, one always has to asks "who profits?" and "why does that party profit?". And the socialists are the only ones who apply that question consequently. Libertarians just stop at the level of state regulation, but fail to adress public issues like "How do we stop corporations from destroying net neutrality?", or "What do we do to stop corporate influence on the government?". Because they don't go that final step to see how the concept of privately owned capital itself is the root of problems, and is what keeps us from achieving democracy.
@_date: 2014-12-15 10:34:01
That is the theory of what the democratic state is, which indeed never came into effect because it is incompatible with capitalism.
@_date: 2014-12-15 22:58:19
The origin of capital accumulation begins where all creation of wealth begins: In land and ressources. What can you create if you have neither of these things?
The Americas provides a great example of it, because there the accumulation is historically recent and well documented. The settlers come and annex the land. What was previously *free* land, often used by the natives (in more or less communal ways) now becomes property that nobody else may use anymore. It has been stolen. Where in this world can I still freely work land or work ressources without infringing on somebody's private property? Nowhere. The frontier is closed. The world is capital now, and it was stolen from free people.
Your labour is not capital. Bill Gates can retreat from all economic activity and let his capital work for him, and he will have a great living. Can you retreat from economic life and let your labour work in your stead? No. Labour is not capital. Nor is it labour itself that you sell, you sell your capacity to do labour. And you sell that capacity to a capitalist, because you need access to ressources and means of production, which the capitalist has stolen from free access. Your labour and its results is not your own anymore, it is taken from you, and you are merely compensated for that by what is your wage. And necessarily your wage is lower than the amount of value that you create, or otherwise it would not be profitable to employ you.
Of course this model does not account for independends who own their own little bit of land or means of production and still can produce for themselves, but that is because the number of such people is simply irrelevantly low under capitalism. The great urbanisation periods made sure of that, when the big landlords pushed the small farmers out of business and took over their land. A natural development of capitalism - the bigger you are the more efficient you can be There is not much space for small businessses. The mom and pop shop is no threat to Walmart. Where capitalism is unleashed, the small businesses die and big business takes over.
The fact that the conditions of labour are determined by the employer, and that the worker has to produce more value than he may keep for himself, is what means that capitalism *exploits labour*. In that it is fundamentally similar to Feudalism and Slavery: In Feudalism the Serf had to produce more than he may kept, and the rest went to the Nobility. In Slavery the Slave has to producre more than he may keep and give the rest to his master. In capitalism the worker may choose who exploits him, but the result is all the same.
For the majority of the good-producing workers, little has changed. If you look to Latin America and Asia and Africa, the labour conditions are highly reminiscent of those in Europe during the industrialisation. What saved the European and American workers then from such a fate? Class struggle. Organisation and political power. The profits made on their back were colossal, and yet they received nothing of that until they organised and pushed back. The capitalist only ever pays as much as he needs to, that is the behaviour that the market makes him do. So how did they react when the workers achieved higher wages? They opened forein markets and now produce in China, Bangladesh, Pakistan..., [while the former western industrial centers crumble and fall apart and leave behind poverty and despair]( What is the western middle class really? What is left of them if they don't produce value anymore? They have mostly become organisers of the exploitation. But the material wealth, that is the actual wealth of a nation, is produced elsewhere. [You will see where that leads soon enough]( The causes of the 2008 crisis weren't just some failed government policies, it is [the result of the entire history of US economy]( of the issues caused [when big capital breaks the power of labour](
If capitalism would work out the way it should, we would work less than 20 hour weeks and enjoy so much free time and a magnificent living standard. That's what the rising productivity of the goods producing sector enables us to. That's why Marx considered capitalism a necessary stage before communism, as we need the liberty and material wealth it provides. And then comes the time where the people *cash in the fruits of these developments*, and the only way to do that is by overcoming capitalism in a socialist revolution.
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:17:38
It actually takes a lot of indoctrination to think that capitalism works just fine where there is no state intervention.
@_date: 2014-12-15 10:19:50
Before corporate capture, that is what it supposed to be. Correct me.
@_date: 2014-12-15 12:58:13
Europe and the US were the hegemonial powers before capitalism already, pushing their weight against the interests of the rest of the world. The rest of the world was left with two choices: become a foreign directed exploited third world nation of poverty, or join the second world of socialist nations and create their own wealth for their own benefit. If you look at the historical development of wealth and poverty, even the vastly imperfect socialist regimes did very well.
Capitalism for a poor country does not mean to pull its citizen out of poverty, it means to sell out to foreign investors, and have their ressources and labour taken for the benefit of people abroad.
@_date: 2014-12-15 10:01:01
The people of the US will see that soon enough. Productive capital has been dismantled since decades. [The consumers are in high debt. There is no substance left that fuels economic growth, only the accumulation of private and public debt keep capitalism going.](
The 2008 crisis gave a good precursor of the things to come. We have reverted back to the times before the great depression, with wealth in the hands of few and capitalism becoming more and more unstable. Back then western capitalism was saved by the invention of the welfare state, by World War 2, and the exploitation of the third world. But the boundaries have been reached: capital has gotten rid of organised labour, so there will be no more welfare state. The state no longer has the power to wage big wars. And rather than just exploiting the third world, capital itself began to outsorce.
The next crisis is on its way and people will finally realise that it is not just the fate of their own family that things become worse, but a systemic failure.
@_date: 2014-12-15 03:36:20
Oh god, I see Libertarians.
Exchange is not voluntary if it is the basis of survival. To survive, you either need the means to provide for yourself, or money. But in our world the means to provide for oneself are not publically available - they are privately owned. And the private owners will deny you from accessing them, unless you pay.
So your only choice is to join an exchange system in which you either have to compete with gargantuan corporations that have all the capital imaginable and tremendous market power, or to whore yourself out as a wage worker. What is wage labour? The worker *pays a part of the value he creates* to the capitalist in exchange to access to the means of production. The worker creates let's say $20/hour in value, the capitalist will  immediately take the majority of it. In order to create value, I need capital: Land, ressources, equipment. If I'm not born rich, I need to access the capital that others own, and for that I need to pay them. The worker gets robbed because the ressources and land and means of production are private property.
What is the state? The common good. It provides to the people what everyone needs and what the market is ill-suited for. The entire nation needs roads and railroads. The existence of these things works to the benefit of all. But the number of possible routes is limited, so there can be no freely competing market. So you get the state to provide these things for everybody. The military and justice system are other things that the state is neccessary for to guarantee a democratic order, since corporations are the most undemocratic institutions imaginable. The government is also necessary to make sure that the trade you mentioned works.
The state is always a regulator, otherwise you have corporations poison the entire nation, provide them with life-endangering things, or grind their workers to the bone. So what happens in capitalism? The capitalists see that the state is directly involved in how profitable their particular industries are. So they use their power to influence the state, be it Rockefeller or the Koch Brothers or Soros. A war or generally overblown military for example is in their interest, because it creates a demand for the weapon industry. The war on drugs is in their interest, because all the money the government spends comes back to the capitalist.
As long as capital and the accumulation of capital exist, and the motive of profit that goes along with it, nothing can be fixed. As Engels rightfully concluded, capitalism cannot solve its internal contradictions, it can only push them around. Crisis and poverty are innate to capitalism, and so is the "regulatory capture" you are implying. In capitalism the state is always a violent force, since it maintains the structure of private property and private capital. Cops arrest homeless people over getting food from the dumpsters behind a supermarket. Corporations that deal with digital property rights, and the privatised ISPs, push for internet control. There is a giant "security" industry that pushes for the criminalisation of everything.
You go ahead with a Libertarian vision of the state, and all you get is
1. the capitalists becoming even more powerful than they are right now and inequaltiy skyrocketing as you eliminate the last remants of the social systems.
2. the immediate re-capture of the state by corporate interest.
If you want a lasting answer, go socialist.