@_author: rofx_admin
@_date: 2018-01-12 13:47:47
They will end this proposal as soon as they see BTC price and its downshifting trend )
@_date: 2017-12-26 18:49:16
Dear yasemeen, i've received information from our support team that your have no worries anymore. Is it right? Please confirm.
@_date: 2017-12-26 18:38:33
Dear WILLYOUSTFU
Thank you for your interest to our service. 
“There's very little information on their website. Especially information that you would really want to know before forking over your money and signing a contract”
-  As our experience with more than 23 000 customers shows there is enough information 
at our website. However, if you need some additional information feel free to contact our customer support team or 24/7 chat and they will provide you with any information or assistance. 
“They have (very coarse) trading reports dated back to 2009 but their domain was registered in 2016. They don't really say anything about their algorithm except "lol neural networks." "This means the number of successful bids by the robot always exceeds the number of unprofitable ones" ok suuuuure…”
-  If you are interested in technical details and robot`s algorithms, you are welcome to   Yes, indeed, we`ve decided to make trading results of our robot since 2009 open to the public and put on the web in 2016. Detailed trading reports are available for our users with active accounts. 
“Trading statistics page is mysteriously missing”
-  Here is the link to our trading reports that is "mysteriously" always at its place 
“A guarantee that any losses are covered by them”
-  Thank you for emphasizing our distinct competitive advantage - indeed, we cover losses when trading days are unprofitable. 
“You forfeit all profits and take a 30% penalty if you cancel your contract or decide not to subscribe after the trial period. And so on and so forth. I'm sure there's a lot more concerning things further down in their terms of service but I stopped reading…”
-  And so on and so forth... If you didn`t stop reading the terms of service, you would understand that we don`t take 30% penalty when someone cancel the contract or decide not to subscribe after the trial period. We take this penalty just for premature termination of the package.
In conclusion, I would like to add that the best proof of our stable work is the complete absence of negative feedback from our clients.