@_author: rogersmith9
@_date: 2017-12-04 14:07:26
This is the fact. I watched the entire thing and there was lots of negative things. And what fitcryptoguyin is saying is NOT TRUE. They have not yet reached a conclusion and financial regulators were very sceptical about crypto because of its speculative nature. 
One thing that is clear is not whether they will ban it or not but the gov will not recognise it as legal tender and ico is banned. I'm not trying to spread dud but merely stating the facts. Read it for yourself.
Here is an South Korean article and the below that is the translation.
The government, the finance ministry moved to the center of the virtual money discussion as the Ministry of Justice ... More than support
"I can not do the prohibition while ignoring technical value and future value"
There is a growing voice that regulations on virtual money should be relaxed or revised. In particular, it is argued that, instead of banning entirely from virtual money financing (ICO)
Some argue that the joint government TF for the existing virtual currency will be operated mainly by the Ministry of Justice rather than the financial sector, and that the government policy on virtual money has been put into regulation rather than support.
On the other hand, the Financial Services Commission, which is the actual regulator of virtual currency, will still ban virtual monetary ICOs and emphasize that they will not pursue licensing of exchanges. In short, it does not recognize legal status in virtual money, and it is the position to operate and revise regulations in order to minimize consumer damage.
The virtual currency government regulation is the "
At a public hearing on virtual currency transactions held on the National Assembly's Political Committee on April 4, there was a strong voice about the need to ease ICO regulations on virtual money and introduce an exchange market authorization system.
Poem was opened by market participants. They insisted, in particular, to allow ICOs through virtual currency.
Kim Jin-hwa, co-president of the preparatory committee for the block-chain association, said, "The government's regulation on virtual money is too conservative," he insisted. "The government's regulatory policy on virtual money is contrary to the development of the fourth industrial revolution," he said.
Professor Emeritus Professor Lee Chun-pyo of Seoul National University said, "It is not a good idea to ban the investment without considering the efficiency and to prohibit the investment business in a uniform manner." The simple and innocuous decision to ban ICO This is contradictory to the effort to reform the regulatory system. "
Park Yong-jin, a Democrat of the Democratic Party, said, "The government is ignoring the revolutionary aspect of virtual currency." The government ignores the future value of virtual currency too much, and this aspect does not match the government's deregulation policy. "
Park Seon-sook, a member of the National Assembly, said, "The government tends to separate the block chain and the virtual money that can be seen as the technology of the fourth industrial revolution." We should make regulations to achieve the purpose of technology development and consumer damage. " said.
◆ Government "Do not know what a block chain virtual money investment"
However, the position of the government was stubborn. The government analyzed that investors trading in virtual currency are trading on speculative purposes, not knowing what virtual money is or what the block chain is. For this reason, it was feared that opening the ICO to the people could cause enormous damage.
Kim Yong-bum, vice chairman of the Financial Services Commission, said, "Currently, virtual money trading is based on the expectation and conviction that 'someone will buy you high.'" The government does not view virtual money as a financial market, "He said.
And that it will not introduce an exchange approval system. Kim Yong-bum, chairman of the vice-chairman, said, "The introduction of the exchange market can mean that the government gives credibility to virtual currencies." "Virtual currencies can not be viewed as a financial point of view."
"Some government ministries have a negative view of the exchange business itself," he said. "While it is not clear that the government will block technology such as block chains, "He said.
Choi Sung-il, vice-director of the Financial Supervisory Service, said, "In the case of a virtual currency exchange market authorization, it is like admitting a gambling place."
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:25:05
I wanted to hear if what others think and yes this is my personal opinion and please do disagree and criticise but please do it with reason and logic not with some crap with paid by bankers or bcash shit. It just proves your standard and your inability to produce a counterargument.
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:20:41
Nope. Bitcoin cash bitcoin or any crypto shares the same problem as I stated above. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:12:37
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:44:54
might be starting of massive crash cuz of south korean regulation
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:56:49
To both of your question the answer is NO. It is a ponzi scheme and a bubble. I'll tell you why. many believe and promote that one day bitcoin will be the "global" currency but no this will never happen because bitcoin can never be a currency due to the fact that it is so very volatile. If the mainstream were to adopt bitcoin or matter of fact any cryptocurrency they will have to face fundamental risk of price volatility in every transaction they make. Why would corporates, governments, individuals use crypto knowing that they could lose 1% (arbitrary number) of the transaction value in mere seconds? You have to convert bitcoin into fiat to realise the value of the transaction. This is one major reason why it will never be adopted as a mainstream currency. Also the reasons for current price valuation is based on this false hope of being mainstream and people are heavily promoting it. This is why it is a ponzi scheme, not everyone is doing this on purpose, but we all know if new money comes in demand rises and prize will go up, given supply cannot match the new demand, which it can't. People talk fantasies about crypto and to attract new investors so the price will increase, just like ponzi scheme. It's just that in crypto most people aren't doing it intentionally but they just feel psychologically stable by talking good thing about crypto and disregarding the very flaws that makes crypto unable to go into mainstream adoption and be a currency. New investors coming in believing that it can serve as the next currency but no one can answer to the risk of volatility. The current valuation is based on this false hope and someday it will POP. I'm not saying bitcoin does not have any advantages but stating that it can never be a currency. It is a digital asset but a dangerous one. I would like to hear what you guys think about this. Also bitfinex tether, is a massive time bomb, we just don't know when it will happen
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:18:20
I personally don't think so cuz most people are in btc for profit and there is already a lot of korean premium and they all know it. When government announces something like this, and when it's not positive regulation but a negative one, we've all seen this before
@_date: 2017-11-30 05:05:10
That's when you are talking about investment and Bitcoin as a digital asset I agree with you. What I meant was it will not serve as a currency. It should be classified as an asset because there is fundamental volatility risk for btc to be used as currency in everyday life. Just think what company would transact using btc when there is fundamental risk of losing their money, they would rather stick with traditional methods, which guarantees the value. And current price valuation is based on this "false hope" of bitcoin going mainstream as a currency but despite all the advantages, I don't see how this will happen and at some point blind investors/believers will realise this and btc will find its true value as a digital asset.
@_date: 2017-11-30 13:17:14
I think correction is on the way especially if 9400usd line breaks. If it does then might be ugly for couple of days, even more so if Korea Japan China regulatory meeting produces some troubling announcement.
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:13:21
BTC downfall lol
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:14:07
sell while you can. BTC can't even get transactions through
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:32:34
I"LL TELL YOU WHY BITCOIN IS IN A BUBBLE. many believe that one day bitcoin will be the "global" currency but no this will never happen because bitcoin can never be a currency due to the fact that it is so very volatile. If the mainstream were to adopt bitcoin or matter of fact any cryptocurrency they will have to face fundamental risk of price volatility. Why would corporates, governments, individuals transact knowing that they could lose 1% (arbitrary number) of the transaction value? You have to convert bitcoin into fiat to realise the value of the transaction. This is one major reason why it will never be adopted as a mainstream currency. Also the reasons for current price valuation is based on false hope and new investors coming in believing that it can serve as the next currency but no one can answer to the risk of volatility. The current valuation is based on false hope and someday it will POP. I'm not saying bitcoin does not have any advantage over traditional banking system but stating that it can never be a currency. It is a digital asset. I would like to hear what you guys think about this. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 04:54:19
No, real correction is not yet here. There will be massive correction at some point, no body knows where but we all know it's coming and it's gonna be huge
@_date: 2017-11-30 12:40:30
nah i don't think it will ever replace fiat because of the risks involved i mentioned during the takeover process. Could you explain why you think crypto can replace fiat and how will adopters overcome the risk of volatility until fiat cease to exist? 
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:46:21
Agreed but the fact that there is risk of volatility I think it will never be a currency. Unless some how it gets solved. lol. But I think as a digital asset, bitcoin will have it's place.
@_date: 2017-11-30 05:15:11
Exactly just look at bithumb hack only 5months ago
@_date: 2017-11-30 07:34:05
Never stops going up...... 
@_date: 2017-11-30 02:21:07
I"LL TELL YOU WHY BITCOIN IS IN A BUBBLE. many believe that one day bitcoin will be the "global" currency but no this will never happen because bitcoin can never be a currency due to the fact that it is so very volatile. If the mainstream were to adopt bitcoin or matter of fact any cryptocurrency they will have to face fundamental risk of price volatility. Why would corporates, governments, individuals transact knowing that they could lose 1% (arbitrary number) of the transaction value in mere seconds? You have to convert bitcoin into fiat to realise the value of the transaction. This is one major reason why it will never be adopted as a mainstream currency. Also the reasons for current price valuation is based on this false hope and new investors coming in believing that it can serve as the next currency but no one can answer to the risk of volatility. The current valuation is based on false hope and someday it will POP. I'm not saying bitcoin does not have any advantage over traditional banking system but stating that it can never be a currency. It is a digital asset. I would like to hear what you guys think about this. Also bitfinex tether, is a massive time bomb, we just don't know when it will happen