@_author: rogue5pawn
@_date: 2013-10-21 13:53:32
You mean crappy businesses like all the Fortune 500's, all the banks, all the oil companies, and all the other such crappy companies (including, gasp, Escrow companies) that have caused all the economic problems the world facing right now? Do you mean all those crappy businesses? Or do you mean all the Mom &amp; Pop corner stores as being crappy, not because they were bad business owners, but rather they are crappy because they are going out of business due to the aforementioned crappy Fortune 500 businesses messing with the economy?
@_date: 2013-11-20 23:15:45
Ask the IRS what a dollar is worth, and they answer 100 cents.
Ask what 100 cents is worth, and the IRS answer is $1.
"Backed by" used to mean that portable land (gold, silver, ...) was represented by the piece of paper, thus the piece of paper was "backed by" something of actual substance.
However, what was the portable land backed by? Um... It looked pretty?
Effectively, in the end, all currencies are fiat (arbitrary mediums of exchange) and backed by faith (I trust it because you trust it ). Yuppers, "They're backed because they're backed," does make sense. Money is what money does.
@_date: 2013-10-19 23:24:46
Obviously... but who really cares: It's funny!
@_date: 2013-10-19 19:38:16
Saw on my Google+ page... Dunno where it was taken or authenticity. Just thought is was worth the share factor, and a comment on the future.
@_date: 2013-10-21 13:17:00
But if it returns as a String with the Thai Baht symbol, I think it would be classified as Text and so couldn't be used in calculations as a Number. Is this accurate?
@_date: 2013-11-18 02:30:28
As the Dev for this App, I made it Free to Use by anyone who want's it. As it is my very first program built, I know that I have a lot to learn about, like End User permissions and such. Any suggestions in this area will be welcomed. Should I attach a ReadMe that states the permissions?
The only Security Feature is that you have to input your API Keys each time.
As for Contact Info... What would you suggest? The actual Download is from my personal Google Drive, and anyone is free to leave comments there. Is that sufficient? Again, any suggestions will be welcomed.
Honestly, I made the App at the request of another Cryptsy user, and over the 2 weeks that it took me to figure it all out, he and I emailed back and forth about 35 times. Should I set up a different email account for the Apps I decide to make?
I really am in the dark when it comes to the Release side of things.
@_date: 2013-11-18 04:53:17
After a little research, I'm supposing that I would classify it as Freeware. And if I understand what you are getting at, you're suggesting a I add a ReadMe that states something like, "App is Freeware, released As-Is, and Dev is Held Harmless and Indemnified. In the event of a Bug, please follow this link (_link_here_) and leave a comment for the Dev."
Something along those lines?
Oh, and my real name is on the lower right. Should I doe something else there with the (c) notice?
@_date: 2013-10-21 22:36:27
Two more things:
1. An infinate money supply, and
2. A built-in Password that randomly changes with every block generated so that not even the originator of the altcoin could get back into the source code of the blockchain once it's been published/distributed.
@_date: 2013-11-18 02:42:53
Oh, yeah.... It's only for Windows. I made it on a Windows 7 laptop, but it should be useable in XP.
@_date: 2013-10-21 22:26:44
That's an interesting idea that I hadn't considered. Well done :-)
@_date: 2013-10-23 12:41:58
Yes, without the symbol in the same cell, it will be just a number. You can always just put the Baht symbol in the cell next to it to indicate what the number represents, ex: [12.345][$]
@_date: 2013-10-21 22:56:25
I believe the paper is a Peer Reviewed Peer-to-Peer article for Economists discussing all altcoins/synthetic currency.
@_date: 2013-10-22 01:05:26
Hopefully this article may shed some light on the subject:
@_date: 2013-11-20 12:56:54
Proposed Altcoin Chargeback System for Businesses
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:09:05
Having your cake and eating it,too.... "PUBLIC ledger" and "anonymity"? So, you bought a wig... who really cares? Embarassed? Grow up, grow a pair. and get over it.... medication? everyone needs it from time to time.
If all of this were completely public and thus transparent, we would eventually become bored over who bought what; we would get over people's feelings if Insecurities DICTATING to everyone else so we don't step on THEIR little hang-ups....
If you aren't doing anything illegal, then the ONLY reason to hide your activities is because you're doing something that you feel silly or embarassed about.... I am not responsible for YOUR emotions... YOU are.
We want governments, businesses, and anyone or anything in the public eye to be transparent... Ask not of other's that which you are not willing to do yourself.
@_date: 2013-11-20 22:26:50
Ah, a response of someone unwilling to look beyond their own bias.
Yeah, doing things without the benefit of _Reason_ has worked *SO* wonderfully throughout all of history.
Q: Why did you shoot that guy, rape that woman, embezzle billions of dollars from unsuspecting investors and crash the world economy?
A: No reason, I just felt like it.
Maybe we should all start acting on impulse, doing things just because... Wait.... Isn't that what got us into the grand mess the World is currently experiencing in the first place? Well, now, that just makes me feel bad.
Yes, your illusion of Privacy is important in this super high tech Information Age.... as long as you *feel* a sense of Privacy, then it's all good.
Still no examples of a good _Reason_? Figured that would be the case.
@_date: 2013-11-20 20:04:14
As a matter of fact, Yes, I do. Want to see crime disappear? Or at least become *extremely* difficult both for individuals and incorporated entities? Complete Transparency is the only answer. Want Salary/Wage Equity in the Workplace instead of same job different pay for males vs females... Want to be a *fully* informed Voter... Want medical bills to become more reasonable... Want the atrocities on Wall Street to go away???? Complete Transparency is the only answer... for EVERYONE.
@_date: 2013-11-21 00:18:06
The former is readily apparent, the latter is an animalistic reaction... pure and simple "feelings dictating a response to stimulus."
Every post I've made have asked Questions, which is part of the ability to Learn New things or engage in a conversation. I have also made Assertions, statements of understanding given currently possessed information. The Questions are asked in order to make adjustments to the Assertions.
Every post *you* have made have been name-calling, derision, and... what's the word?... oh, yeah... closed-minded.
I have given examples of my thinking, whereas you have merely stuck your tounge and stomped your feet.
If you aren't going to engage in an actual discussion on the topic, why continue participating? Are ya angry, did your feel-goods get hurt, or is it just that you really don't understand the nature of a conversation and debate?
Either give an **EXAMPLE** to support your position so that we can actually have a discussion, or admit that you're position is based in fear and insecurity and so doesn't warrant further investigation.
Tag, you're it!
@_date: 2013-10-21 11:48:51
Read previous reply.
And the beauty of Open Source.... My PERSONAL Wallet would never be, could never be forced to leave the altcoind.exe exposed... Why? I could always compile a new wallet without those restrictions... if I had the know how.
@_date: 2013-10-03 10:50:23
Free Bitcoin for my Home address? Really?
@_date: 2013-10-19 19:28:16
Saw this and was amused. Quite innovative.... Wish I had BTC to actually donate :-P
@_date: 2013-10-21 19:12:44
1. How do you get your money back?
2. Who would you complain to in order to expedite their going out of business?
3. Given that the answers to 1 is (You can't and won't) and 2 is (No one in any position to do anything about it, so the only recourse is a word-of-mouth smear campaign), just exactly how would that company be going out of business?
However, I do applaud the naive faith in "the Universe will deliver justice.... someday... maybe" attitude that these responses have demonstrated.
@_date: 2013-11-20 21:26:15
Well, reasoned.... That would be entirely accurate.
And before you ask, Yes, the greater majority of people in the world are, in fact, acting from a place of fear and insecurity.
1. But for fairness: What's an example of something that is SO important to keep as a secret that keeping it hidden is actually for the greater good?
2. Given the Trillions of transactions that occur on a daily basis, what would make *your* transactions more interesting than anyone elses? ie, Whatcha hiding?
(tsk, tsk: "don't think it's not" Double Negative)
@_date: 2013-10-21 11:38:35
You miss the point. How would this be, could this ever be, "centralized" when no government or central authority is issuing the coin AND the entire blockchain is stored on everyone's computer that has a wallet? And the Coin Minting "Agency" is everyone and anyone who wants to set their GPUs/ASICs to mine on the blockchain? It is these points that make all altcoins decentralized.
The Chargeback Agency would only ever be able to authorize and cause a Refund from a BUSINESSES Wallet after all other legal remedies had been tried..... exactly as it is done now with fiat-centralized currencies.
All this would do is protect Consumers from shady BUSINESSES.... Just like the fiasco with BFL. Person-to-Person would still be as it is now. Just as you can carry physical fiat currency from one location to another and buy something "anonymously" and untracable, so the same would continue for Private People using any and all altcoins.
But BUSINESSES have regulations they have to follow. This would just be one more regulation for BUSINESSES.
@_date: 2013-11-20 21:47:17
Not "bad people," but rather "embarassed, insecure, neurotic people."
Given the World as it exists today, we have many things that Society instills in us to be embarassed, insecure, and neurotic about: health issues, male pattern balding, virility, incontinence, sexual preferences, gender identity, nationality, group affiliations of all kinds, and liking Hello Kitty if you're a heterosexual male, and on, and on.....
Is this really how we want our lives defined? By the things we fear others will find out about us?
Again, I ask: What's a *good* example, and What do we really *need* to keep out of the public eye?
@_date: 2013-10-21 23:09:21
Point of Note: The governments will get involved... It's not a matter of IF but rather a matter of WHEN..... If we create a system before they do, then WE get to determine how to regulate altcoins BEFORE the governments  do something really heavy handed and crazy. Let us come up with a proposed solution, before they do. That's what this post is really about.
@_date: 2013-10-21 11:17:44
Google Spreadsheets is quite limited in it's abilities. Most of what it can do is help keep your personal finances in order. I personally have lots of Excel knowledge, so when I upload an Excel spreadsheet to google docs, invariably most of the symbols and functions no longer work. As for you questions,
What do yo mean by "two decimals?" And I don't think google docs has an option to add a font type.
@_date: 2013-10-21 13:05:45
Oh yeah... Escrow: Money held by a "Trusted" Third Party.... Like a BANK... Hmmm... Yup, that's not centralized or anonymous in anyway at all, right?
And what if this "Trusted Third Party" decides to KEEP your Altcoin? How would you get it back? I mean, as it stands, no court or agency could force them to do so without the Personal Wallet's Passphrase (One good thing DPR did for the Altcoin community was prove this to be true). And there are no laws actually regulating BUSINESSES that have either chosen to accept these "novelty" digital fake coins as payment OR hold them in Escrow.
So, let me get this right..... The grand Idea is to have a decentralized, anonymous currency that you either want to non-anonymously hand over to an unregulated Third Party and simply "Trust" that any and all businesses (including the Escrow Company) will simply return your coins to you if a contract goes awry because you stomped your feet, held your breath, and wrote angry emails saying, "Give it back?" How's that working for you? In that case, I'll be your Escrow ;-D
@_date: 2013-10-21 23:13:43
Point of order: the failed state of the economy is because the politicians refuse to listen to any ideas that aren't in line with their political agenda. In short, politicians don't listen to serious Economists.
@_date: 2013-11-20 20:24:13
ROFLMFAO!!!! Statist? Me?
Son, I'm an Old School Philosophical Anarchist.
Exactly my point, thank you for the demonstration: You lack any REASON; you want people to cater to your *Feelings* of Insecurity. I mean, really, when it all comes down to it, YOU *feel* bad about something, so you want *everyone else* to behave in a way that doesn't make *you* feel bad....Seriously? REALLY?? Why don'tcha just stop feeling bad and let everyone live their own lives?
If you have no REASON for wanting something, then why want it? Animals do things based on "feelings," Humans do things based in Reason.... whether accurate of flawed, it's still REASON all the same....
True Anarchy is a system of Complete Transparency... No Secrets = True Freedom.