@_author: rogueandwolf
@_date: 2014-08-05 13:40:06
We do enjoy very much that our work is 3D printed and hope many people too! :)
Here is [a video about the production of most materials]( This video doesn't include steel, here's [one about steel]( The steel especially is quite an involved process.
As you can see all these are industrial strength manufacturing processes, yet they are agile enough for each model to be printed individually.
The silver process includes casting but with one-use casts so it's still flexible. Actually, a big part of the costs in silver is due to the manual work for a mirror-finish polish. One step at a time the technology is getting there though. :)
Definitely visit [Shapeways]( and try printing something yourself, it's easier than it seems!
@_date: 2014-08-06 08:38:56
Ah, well, you can still start playing before learning CAD!
Try one of the easy [creator apps and tools]( You will have a custom designed item in no time. :)
And if you want to get into CAD, there are some really accessible ones [over here]( I hear that 123D and Tinkercad are pretty neat as an introduction to 3D design.
We use [Blender]( which could be the next step if you get into CAD. It's free and open source and pretty powerful.
@_date: 2014-08-04 19:43:51
Thank you so much! Makes our day! :)
We are very passionate about 3D printing and bitcoin and they are both coming along nicely. Fun times!
@_date: 2014-08-05 13:59:31
Glad you like our announcement. :) We're really in debt of anyone testing the new payment system so asking for favours really. We'll make a much bigger fuss about it all once we are confident the system works smoothly.
And damn these are some fine ideas! The bitcoin money clip just has to happen. :D 
I've thought about making a bitcoin coin for a pendant or cufflinks indeed, probably will do at some point. We have a full design schedule right now and very tight with time for a few months so can't fit other things, I'm afraid. Launching a new collection by the end of the month so it's a whirlwind of activity over here!
Would be fun to work with the community sometime. I'm a bit introverted, so we'll see. It was hard enough to do a single post. :)
We do not use laser cutting at all. That's so 2010. ;) 3D printing all the way, for better or worse.
Thank you so much for all the kind advice and ideas, makes our day over here.
@_date: 2018-07-20 15:05:40
Is that where all the cool kids hang out? :D
Will try and find some time to look into it, thanks!