@_author: roiveritas
@_date: 2018-09-11 11:14:11
Could? It will. They've seen to that. Most of these so called elites are not diplomats. They'd rather fight for the last oil that's left at all costs, billion dollar defense spending lies, cutbacks, etc, rather than have invested decades ago into energy technology that is recently emerging now. That is not elite. It's weakness exposed.  
The price is low, because they're trying to destroy the demand, which is what you do when you have a diminishing resource and a rising or stable demand.
@_date: 2018-09-11 11:32:48
Satoshi Nakamoto reminds me of the creator of pokemon, Satoshi Tajiri. It can be said based on the success of the game franchises framework, that it paved the way for cryptocurrencies. The parallels are too strikingly similar.
Goals are to level up your team or portfolio and keep it diverse. Trading was the only way to complete your pokedex. Badges or tokens were collected, money was saved, some sent to Mom instantly. Airdrops etc.
Say what you will, but Pokemon prepared us for crypto. Lots of guys named Satoshi are just giving back to people and making their lives fun and more interesting. Even the whole pokemon go, which received much attention and acclaim being similar to crypto in terms of trending, forgot to mention that it was literally a Satoshi, who started it all.
@_date: 2018-09-11 10:30:33
Trusting and backing are two different things. It's a step in the right direction potentially, but many people lack the time and discipline to learn to manage their own assets while learning a new way of doing things. There are still some factors delaying the adoption of bitcoin on a truly widespread scale.  
The old world supports something by voting. Today our vote is our financial patronage and support, aka investments.  
The banks have their place, and have had several chances to course correct, and if they were solvent, the markets wouldn't have birthed the sector that is course correcting them. 
@_date: 2018-09-11 11:08:01
Are you referring to all these blockchain exploit tunnels packets, spoofing generators that work depending on location of your IP, whether or not you're using a VPN, or dependent on you covering the miners fee prior to receiving your btc generated to your wallet?  
There's a bunch of these, they work for some and not for others. For some, the miner's fee is proportionate to btc transaction, and for some they aren't; it's a set fee.
@_date: 2018-09-11 11:25:24
Many coins have teams of good developers, with good visions and projects that feel some sort of social responsibility and have envisioned a change they can make in a space with their coin, but many coins should conglomerate because some of their underlying ideals and features are the same: privacy, decentralization, peer to peer, etc.  
In fact, in order to have a future, they'll have to partner up in order to be anything more than an ICO that raised some investments to create value for their holders before being pumped and dumped. It's why the alts are so volatile.
@_date: 2018-09-11 10:55:23
It;s not the price of BTC, but what is done with the tech and the internet money that will shape it's historical reputation, and immediate and long term adoption, and separate it clearly from mere fiat.
@_date: 2018-09-11 11:41:53
Not necessarily. Don't know if it's sarcasm or not, but here's something else "gripping" for you to "grip" on to:  
BTC and all crypto have the unique ability to completely separate themselves from the old money ideologies of banking and fiat that have been used because it worked, but have now made many futures uncertain for many people.  
Peer to peer, private, can't be counterfeited or hyperinflated, and already, we see some entering this young space bringing old designs and dealings with them in an effort get blockchain tech adopted as quick as an app by the majority of most people.  
Sarcasm won't save lives, or the economy. Thanks for that "gripping" response.  
  
@_date: 2018-09-11 11:01:57
Congress is not exactly qualified to define terrorism or bitcoin. They allowed a terrorist to hold the highest office off a lie for 8 years despite all ways out, they rolled over. played dead, and read the script, which makes them guilty, and they also watched as the large institutions ran the economy into the wall, and they not only bailed them out with tax dollars, but now theyre spending money worrying about those who know how the economy works better than they do.  
Now outside consultants have to rock them in their snuggly concerning btc, convincing them that terrorists aren't aided by it.