@_author: rojeee
@_date: 2013-12-12 14:14:55
Any financial service that transacts in Bitcoin and Fiat, requires a banking relationship. Banks at the moment are not happy with Bitcoin because:
- They don't understand it.
- It is susceptible to money laundering and other illicit activities (this has been clearly demonstrated by news coverage)
- Banks get fined (a lot) for non compliance
- Bitcoin would be a tiny % of their business compared to other activities therefore why would they even bother to invest in the infrastructure to support Bitcoin if there is so much at stake to lose (reputational risk etc)
- Current regulations need to adapt to the paradigm shift. At the moment regulators are trying to frame Bitcoin into their current mindset - this is a case of normalcy bias and hopefully will change with time
As a consequence of this, banks are terminating banking relationships with Bitcoin exchanges etc. therefore exchanges are being shut down. I'm talking to guys trying to set up exchanges in the UK and the regulator just doesn't want to know. If an exchange which incorporates all the FCA regs, anti ML regs etc is set up then this will go along way to ensuring Bitcoin's future. Until that happens then the survival of bitcoin depends on unregulated exchanges which at best have a questionable future.
You guys that think Bitcoin can continue unregulated are living in a fantasy world and have ZERO perspective on financial services and how they operate in the current regulatory environment but then why would you...
Governments can quite easily 'stop' Bitcoin. I mean as long as the Internet exists and two or more Bitcoin clients are connected to the net with a copy of the block chain, Bitcoin will never die, however what  can do is to disincentive its use (through taxation, media, PR, etc) and unless the Bitcoin community gets regulators on board then it won't become mainstream.
I'm aware that decentralised exchanges (OT + BitMessage) are being developed and this is a great technical innovation, however it is not a long term solution.
@_date: 2013-12-13 12:53:15
Thanks for your reply. 
I agree with some of your comments.
I never said it was used for ML, I just said it was susceptible to it. I've got zero proof that X% of Btcoin transactions are related to ML. None the less, the fact remains that banks don't want to know because they THINK Bitcoin is a ML magnet! This needs to change and will require a lot of time and investment in educating the right people that make the important decisions.
Bitcoin is still unregulated in the UK, i.e. the FCA don't recognise it. This is probably because they don't understand it. Like you say, traceability is a massive thing as it mitigates ML. I've no idea how this will work. Mike Hearn was talking about privacy enhancing here:  This obfuscates transactions but perhaps regulator can perform analytics on the block chain (to keep themselves happy). Brokerages in respected states (US, UK, etc.) require KYC procedures for new clients, therefore this also mitigates ML.
If governments degree that Bitcoin use entails jail time, then most people will stop using it. End of. Having said that, I reckon one of the biggest potential markets for Bitcoin is the emerging markets, i.e. African states where banking infrastructure is poor or non-existent.
Lastly, the fact remains that unless Bitcoin exchanges can maintain working banking relationships with commercial banks (in the UK the big banks won't touch Bitcoin with a barge pole) then it's going to be very difficult for wider adoption of Bitcoin to precipitate. 
The only way exchanges will be regulated is if they comply with the domestic regulatory framework - in the UK these are the EU and FCA (national) rules. 
Apologies for the rushed reply - super busy.
Cheers.