@_author: rokkitt
@_date: 2018-02-20 21:13:09
I was expecting you to post a list. OK then. So first I quit my job then because my employer will not pay me in bitcoin. Then I can probably pay some of my bills. Awesome. Done.
Oh wait.. Looks like I will need to cancel netflix. Amazon relies on me buying gift cards off people from the looks of things. Not sure how I would have paid my plumber last week. My kids nursery would probably have an issue with being paid in bitcoin. Not sure how I would get petrol in my car. Bitcoin wasn’t a payment method option for my kids school trip. Shit, how would I pay for my kids school lunches? Ah well, I guess they have packed lunch.... oh wait, I can’t buy food.
Now I think more, I couldn’t park anywhere as parking metres do not accept bitcoin. Couldn’t go to shops really unless I buy giftcards for everything. Getting drunk, scrap that, any day out is pretty much inaccessible. If I forget to take lunch with me I would go hungry as very few, if any local eateries take bitcoin.
At least thanks to this guy i can buy some jewellery for my lady. If only more people did what this guy has done. Suddenly my list of things you cannot do or cannot do with great inconvenience gets much smaller and your bitcoin nirvana would be far more achievable.
@_date: 2018-02-20 20:49:10
Can you feed yourself with Bitcoin? Can you pay bills? Rent? 
You are shitting on this guy for using coinbase yet this guy is pushing forward bitcoin adoption. 
Until there is wider adoption a shop cannot just accept bitcoin because their labour costs, stock, lighting, etc etc all cost fiat currency. For now, you need to be able to cash out of bitcoin when selling physical goods. You also need to be able to price bitcoin against the fiat currency to ensure you cover your costs. This is what coinbase allows you do really easily.
If you could run a jewellery shop on bitcoin then the shop could say give me x coin because they wouldn’t need to convert it back to fiat all the time. That day is not today. 
It is not currently possible to do what you are asking.
@_date: 2018-04-09 10:35:46
The main reason for square not to add bitcoin is the unpredictability of the bitcoin price. There aren’t many currencies which drop 10% in a week. You can already see the uneducated businesses complaining they sold 10k worth of stuff and only have 9k worth of bitcoin in their account.
Though I guess high legit usage of bitcoin would stabilise the price.
How do businesses save money through bitcoin? You can get very low transaction fees with card payments. If bitcoin usage goes up the tax laws in various countries will update in no time. 