@_author: rokseouljah420
@_date: 2017-01-10 15:58:12
1. I think a lot of guys use Blockchain wallets. But there are plenty of other great wallets out there. I personally use a mix of various online wallets (mainly gambling sites),  Bitcoin Wallet (for Android) and MultiBit (for desktop).
2. I assume you mean a third-party wallet you would access online vs a wallet on your desktop or phone? This depends on whether or not your hardware wallet is a 'cold wallet', i.e. not constantly linked to the blockchain. Investment coins are often stored in cold wallets, as they are not normally required to be moved with high frequency.
3. This depends on your country. There's plenty of exchanges online (I won't give any of them free advertising) but I personally like to use bitcoin ATM's whenever possible. 
4. Store it in a backed-up cold wallet that only you have access to. Don't touch it no matter what. Profit.
@_date: 2017-01-10 17:49:24
It means that either the name from which you sent money from, or the name on the identification your provided, does not match the name that is registered with your LBC account.
@_date: 2017-01-10 18:02:20
All right, I looked up the the user's ad that you mentioned started this whole issue. It says very clearly on his advertisement, *No third party payment , if you have to use a third party payment , must bear your surname or you ask me first before you proceed.*
I'm assuming that your third party payment didn't bear your surname (thus the refusal for identification). I'm also assuming, because he opened a dispute and gave you a rejected verification, that you didn't ask him first.
So going off this, the dispute he opened then alerted LBC staff, who decided to investigate further and deemed you high risk for whatever reason.
 Maybe because you spent close to 1.5 million NGN ($4500 USD using current Preev rate of $898/coin) in 12 transactions from third-party payments?
@_date: 2017-01-10 18:07:32
I don't think you can. LBC ToS, relevant points bolded.
To access this site or some of the resources it has to offer, you may be asked to provide registration details in order to register a user account ("account"). **It is a condition of use of this site that all the details you provide will be correct, current, and complete. If we at LocalBitcoins.com believe the details are not correct, current, or complete, we have the right to refuse you access to the site, or any of its resources, and to terminate or suspend your account.** 
**You may only act on your own behalf. Your account can not be used to act as an intermediary or broker for any person or entity.**
**Your account must not contain misleading or fraudulent information, including, but not limited** to having a non-personal phone number, creating fake reputation information for your account, faking your country of origin or **providing fraudulent identification documents.**
**We may at any time require you to complete our ID verification process and may also require you to submit additional identification documents to LocalBitcoins if we deem it necessary. Failing to complete ID verification will be considered a violation of this agreement.**
**We may close, suspend, or limit your access to your account or to other Services we offer, and/or limit access to your Bitcoin balance for up to 180 days (or longer if pursuant to a court order or other legal process) if you violate these Terms of Service or any other agreement you enter into with LocalBitcoins, or as otherwise specified in these Terms of Service or other agreement you have entered into with LocalBitcoins.**
The good news is that in most jurisdictions they can only hold your funds up to 180 days, although I have no idea how these kinds of things work in Nigeria. The bad news is, they will most likely hold your funds for the full 180 days. You agreed to these terms when you made your LBC account. EULA and non-arbitration clauses are a bitch.
@_date: 2017-01-10 15:50:51
If you want help, you need to give more detailed info. You're clearly leaving some information out. This is what I've gathered so far.
-You tried to buy bitcoins from somebody via direct deposit into their bank account, at which point the seller wanted you to confirm your identity.
-You refused to confirm your identity, resulting in a drawn out refund process and the trade was cancelled.
Now here's where it gets really sticky. You say that there was dispute, but you don't know why. Which isn't really possible, since you will receive messages from LBC staff, requesting specific documents regarding the dispute. It goes something like this.
user xxxxxxxxx provided evidence of payment - xxx USD.
Kindly, provide screenshot of your xxxxxxxxxx with all the recent transactions.
Thank you!
So at this point, I'm assuming whatever response, or non-response, that you submitted was the reason why your account has been put on a 'forced holiday'.
Next, you say they will unban you after 180 days but they would release your bitcoin. This makes absolutely no sense. Why would they ban you if you've done nothing wrong? Why would you get unbanned if you have? What exactly was on whatever bank statement that you sent them for them to believe the account was in a third-party name?
The only time I've ever seen an account get blocked for a 'first offence without warning' is when they've been confirmed as a scammer. 
The fact that LBC says the bank account in question was in a third-party name, i.e, not the one tied to your LBC account, and the fact that you have one rejected verification in 12 trades is fishy as fuck. 
Could you maybe post some of the user names of the guys on LBC your 12 trades are with?
 Do you really want to go further down this rabbit hole?
@_date: 2016-12-09 11:33:13
A shitty Chinese op-ed, bashing Core, translated into broken English with terrible punctuation. 
Thanks for the legit post.
@_date: 2016-10-20 20:46:08
This post is actually completely about you and your personal opinions. I'm curious as to how much you are actually sending where paying a $0.03 fee is impacting you? 
Going to an ATM that is not affiliated with your bank, or offering free withdraws, you can pay fees from both the ATM and your bank, between $2 and $4 each. When you think about it like that, $0.03 doesn't sound so bad. Still cheaper than the $0.05/transaction that you said it costs to use your bank too!
Also, the increased miner fees is a result of the greater global adoption of bitcoin. The more people using bitcoin/sending transactions, the higher priority fees people will pay to have their transactions picked up. 
@_date: 2016-10-20 20:39:47
Your fee is too low.  The current best transaction fees as of this posting is 100 Satoshis/byte | 0.001 BTC/KB. Due to the fact that blockchain is backlogged, all those micro-miner fees are getting pushed back in the backlog queue. 
Paying the appropriate miner fee is important in order for you to get your transaction picked up in a reasonable time frame, especially during the issues blockchain has been facing the past few days.