@_author: romanpoet
@_date: 2015-12-29 07:16:22
Oh hai.  I'm the CEO in question.  Glad you asked.
(0) So, just as an aside, the definition of a "CEO" is someone who makes the executive/direction decisions for a company.  I understand there's cultural associations of the title "CEO", but the title itself says nothing about product, employees, or revenue.  In Silicon Valley (where I lived at the time), you'll meet many such people.
To answer your question what happened to Toroken, it's complicated.  But in short a combination of technical and social issues killed it.  But I like to think we made good headway on each one.
(1) Technical issues: When Toroken was alive the big papers going around where the TEARS and TorCoin papers, both discussed here (as well as their predecessors and context):
For better and worse (mostly for the better), The Tor Project is known for its security paranoia.  And unfortunately neither Tears nor TorCoin were quite up to the standard of a complete system.  This remains an open, unsolved problem.  Since then, instead of using a novel Proof-of-Relay, I have seen some proposals using things like micropayment channels in Bitcoin/DarkCoin/ZeroCash/Zcash, etc.  Right now these micropayment channels are closer to a satisfactory technical solution than the novel Proof-of-relay we were trying with Toroken.  However, these micropayment channels currently have some security issues.  In particular, they expand the "attack surface area" for compromising anonymity to the financial transactions.  For example, if the client paid the exit relay via a Bitcoin micropayment channel, the exit relay would know the (Bitcoin) identity of the client---a definite no-no in Tor's security model.  These issues of expanding attack surface area are mitigated (perhaps solved?  never decided one way or the other) by using things like ZeroCash, etc.
(2) Social issues: Averaging across the diverse population of cats who constitute the Tor community, the community is overall suspicious of the effects of markets.  And unless there is a *clear and compelling reason*, as well as *nigh-unassailable technical design*, the community will be against it.  While attempting with assuage some of these social concerns I was reminded of this anecdote of getting food banks to establish a market for distributing food, see here:


The Tor community has a similar ideological predilection.  And without a 100% solid technical design already in hand, Toroken was unable to get off the ground and do various experiments necessary to get something technically solid.  This was unfortunate, and we closed it down.  Alas we never got the money itself );
@_date: 2015-12-29 09:25:57
I want to be clear, I think the evidence from both artificial/laboratory as well as real-world markets have demonstrated that, in general, a managed market leads to a efficient allocation of resources that is largely in line with normative social goals.
That said, the "socialist" criticism is more nuanced than "I don't believe in markets"---they obviously believe markets exist.  They mean, **"I am concerned that a market-based allocation of Tor relay bandwidth will be counter-productive to Tor's long-term social goals."**  To make matters more complicated, community members sometimes disagree on what these long-term social goals specifically are.


The people who are apprehensive about markets are often also concerned about Tor's current state of being predominantly funded by the US government.  This is one reason for the current crowdfunding campaign.
A less ideological objection to market-based approaches is there's less of an ability to "pull the plug" on the system.  For example, if the relationship with the US Government goes sour, you can always just stop taking their money.  Or in the absolute worst case---move to Berlin (as many Tor members have done). If the market-based solution starts going sour, then you're left with a much more complicated monetary policy problem where you are potentially burning your users.
For the first objection, I personally point to the food bank example.  For the second objection, I don't know enough about monetary policy to fully answer it.
@_date: 2015-12-31 08:40:02
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:20:14


You know, I think you're right.  Perhaps during my stint in Palo Alto I drank too much Kool-Aid.  I changed it to "Technical Product Manager", which is roughly the role I served.  


The terms of the winnings was the money was to go to a token "crowd sale".  As Tor Project wasn't willing to officially support the crowdsale, we didn't do the crowdsale, and we closed shop.


That was indeed the plan---to do a startup that is half-research and half-development.  However, Tor Project leadership was unwilling to support a crowdsale for something that (1) might not pan out (and thus damage the Tor brand), and especially when (2) the proposal-in-question was somewhat philosophically contentious within the community.  I was saddened by the decision, but I understood.  I feel that our attempt softened up the technical as well as social hurdles, and if tomorrow someone emailed me a PDF with a solid technical design, I'd certainly consider having another go at it.  And avoid making the same mistakes ;)
If someone wanted to continue this line of work, my advice would be to first try it within I2P.  Whereas Tor prides itself on being "conservative", the [I2P Project]( is more open to unorthodox ideas.
@_date: 2017-03-17 06:36:35
All hail Lord Vitalik, err, Chairman Meow. 
@_date: 2017-09-29 00:06:14
What about Vitalik Buterin?