@_author: romannoodle
@_date: 2014-02-27 05:56:58
Maybe it's luck, but I had tried since last December to setup an account to invest in a small amount of BTC with MT. Gox.  Thanks to their lackadaisical response to my application, which resulted in a 1 and 1/2 month wait, when I was finally approved it dawned on me how unprepared and unprofessional this company is.   And with BTC prices influx, I decided to wait things out a bit.  And then the fiasco with the withdrawal outage and rumors of an eventual closing of operations surfaced.  So after some careful research, I decided to put my money in Coinbase this past Saturday for my "buy and hold" play taking advantage of the buying opportunity afforded by the recent pullback in BTC prices.   
I have great confidence in the protocol, and feel safe with my choice of Coinbase.  They have some strong backing by professional investors, and I'm counting my lucky stars for seeing Mt. Gox for the fraud that it is.  My plan all along was to "invest" a small amount that I am comfortable with losing, so I would not have been too upset if it was lost in Mt. Gox, but I am nonetheless thankful to avoid that debacle.  I am sorry for anyone who has lost greater sums than myself.
@_date: 2014-03-06 01:37:16
I concur.  I'm conflicted on Wall St's entry, because on one hand I like "trading" Bitcoins though the present medium of exchange because of the low transaction costs.  You know Wall Street wants to figure out how to charge big fees for trading though their own exchanges or special "funds".  On the other hand, participation from WS legitimizes the currency by adding more market participants and liquidity.  
I'm happy to see more mainstream acceptance of BTC, you know the currency is about to hit the mainstream if WS wants a piece of the action.   However, can they add any value to the transaction of acquiring and trading coins?
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:44:13
I just plopped $245 in Coinbase for my little "gamble".   They seem very reputable, so I'm not too worried about theft or loss, but of course if I had thousands of dollars invested, I would probably be more concerned.  I may try to find out how to extract the BTC and save offline.  Is it even really necessary, since Coinbase keeps about 97% in offline "cold storage"?