@_author: ronan125
@_date: 2016-12-03 04:35:35
Indian here and I can answer. The point of demonetization was not to stop big denomination currency notes exactly. There was a whole parallel economy running on cash to evade tax. For example if someone buys land, they have to give a certain registration charge /tax that goes to the government which is proportional to the value of the sale. So what people do is, if the property is worth 1 million, they will write up a deed saying they are selling it for half a million. Half a million the buyer will pay to the seller in accounted for money. The other half they will exchange under the table in hard cash which was never accounted for. This creates a lot of problems. 1. The government doesn't see this money in circulation and don't get enough taxes. 2. The property value remains low on paper so sometimes the govt will want to buy land from ppl to build a road or something and they would pay the value based on general prices there which is as per deeds. But of course everyone does this so the prices on paper in that area is much lower than actual. So what do people do, they will protest and block the project.
This was just one example of how the parallel economy of black money works but it has an effect on every part of the economy, not just real estate. When the government tries to control inflation, whatever they do doesn't work top well because the central bank can intervene only in the legitimate economy. 
Now as to why they demonetized 500 and 1000 but started a 2000 note - most of the people who had unaccounted black money used to keep it in the biggest denomination notes of 500 and 1000. This shock announcement basically rendered all that hoarded money almost completely useless. A government employee might have accumulated crores in unaccounted cash. Now suddenly the only way he can use it is if he goes to a bank and deposits or exchanges it - both of which can be tracked. The daily limits for exchange was done so ppl don't launder it through others easily. 
The new 2000 is ok because people can now get one of those only from accounted money, either from their bank account or after exchanging old money by filling a form and entering their ID.
Of course not everybody would have kept ill gotten wealth in cash. Many would have converted that into land, sports cars, gold, etc. Now the next step is to go after that but this was like a good first step. Only problem is, in order for it to be successful they had to keep it a closely guarded secret at the highest levels of government, so even the chiefs of banks didn't know there's going to be a 1000 ppl lining up outside tomorrow so they couldn't prepare. Also the new notes have different dimensions so the ATMs have to be recalibrates. This was done mainly to throw off counterfeiters who would need to make completely different plates now 
TL;DR: point is to hit reset and wipe out the existing hoarded black money. New black money can still be created and hoarded in 2000 notes but everyone has to start from scratch and the government would be monitoring that closely 
Note : on from mobile. Forgive typos
@_date: 2016-12-03 06:30:37
Thanks! 
Crores- yes we use lakhs and crores. 1 lakh is 100,000 and 1 crore is 1,00,00,000. I wrote million in between to make it easier for others.
About the 2000 note, the opposition parties are saying some of the same things you are but I think the governments logic is quite sound. First of all there was a need for a 2000 note because inflation eroded the value of the decades old 1000 notes. But that's just a technicality. The real reason I believe is that they needed to start printing some notes on advance even when this plan was kept secret. If news got out that new 500 and 1000 is getting printed, people would probably suspect demonetization (though not this sudden) and start changing notes. This way they make it seem like all they are doing is adding a new denomination and in fact news about the 2000 note did leak early. Since the value is double they need less number of notes  to replace the junked notes, and then right after the announcement they ramped up printing of the 500s. I think the idea was that 2000 notes hold the fort for a bit till the new 500s come but things haven't happened so smoothly.
Also about why print big notes that can be hoarded if you wanna go cashless, they don't want to go completely cashless. Large parts of India especially in the rural areas are completely cash based. The government did do a big drive to open free bank accounts for all but still penetration of POS machines and all are low. The plan right now is to reduce the cash supply to about 2/3rd of previous levels.
Also it's not hoarding that they are worried about. They are more worried about a transaction medium they have lost control over. People do the actual big hoarding in land and jewelry but they used cash to transact. Now they are tightening cash transactions. You can't buy jewelry above a certain value in cash without giving details, similar stuff with land 
Nevertheless your questions are valid and the jury is still out on how effective this will be when weighed against the inconvenience and GDP hit it's caused. I personally still like the decision because someone in the government finally showed some balls and did something out of the box but I live in a city where everyone takes plastic. In smaller towns like where my parents stay they are quite angry with the implementation though they liked the idea itself. 
Funny thing is, poorer sections of society are supporting it in spite of it hitting them the hardest. They don't know the economics of it but they feel that for the first time the rich aren't getting away and are scrambling around in a panic trying to protect their shady wealth.
Ask me if any more questions about this or other stuff in our big crazy country 