@_author: ronnie_s
@_date: 2018-08-29 22:32:55
You can't demand answers when you don't provide them yourself
The sun is going to rise tomorrow, is that a fact or speculation? Simple answer, fact or speculation (note: this is a sideshow debate deflection tactic offering a false choice, I can go into this type of argument in details if you want, it shouldn't be addressed)
It has become based semantics. To you the debate is now about "wording" rather than the issue at hand.
@_date: 2018-08-29 20:02:24
As mentioned already, BTC's volatility has decreased. However it won't decrease to a point where it is the same as modern currencies like EUR, USD and so on (they have stability mechanisms and floating supplies, BTC doesn't, it's at a big disadvantage)
In the best scenario possible, BTC could decrease to around the same volatility as e.g. IBM/Apple/Google shares
@_date: 2018-08-29 20:20:22
Elementary economics and logic
Here's some examples:
* If a country raises the rate of interest, people will save more money
* If a company is reporting/gaining record revenues, it's stock price will rise
* If a high risk country auctions a low-interest bond, less investors will be interested
and so on
A fixed supply asset with no stability mechanisms is never going to be as stable as a fluid supply asset with stability mechanisms
The public will always choose a currency that is stable over one that is volatile. Which is why companies like Circle, and cryptos like DAI and Terra are making "stable-coins"
@_date: 2018-08-30 20:29:32




Yes, keep going. 
For example, what does BTC have in common with USD?
What does BTC not have in common with USD?
Then we need to ask, what does BTC have in common with equities?
We can compare the two


Pretty certain, because BTC has quite a lot in common with e.g shares. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 18:13:02


Again I pointed out that I have acknowledged this, I remember the early days of BTC. I also remember people claiming 5 years ago, that BTC would be "stable" by now. It's wishful thinking.


It's the fixed supply. Which makes it a rare item. People are inclined to invest in it, hoard it or trade it on the secondary market. Only an idiot would spend something that increases thousands of % in several years (any of my friends who spent BTC in past regretted it, sometimes heavily, one person was suicidal when they saw it go to almost 20k) Likewise only a speculator would engage in purchasing/buying items under such conditions of volatility


What saturation point? 


Nope. BTC can move 10% in an hour. When IBM shares first came out they were highly volatile, now they are less volatile. It doesn't mean that "one day" they will be stable, why? because their volatility is inherent. They are a speculative asset, similar to Bitcoin
@_date: 2018-08-31 00:25:32


I just did, I made points which you didn't refute or address
If you don't refute or address or debate someone's points - then they stand
Do you genuinely understand that or no? 
I'll try to explain, if I for example, claim that dinosaurs existed, and you claim that they didn't. To support my argument I say "well how do you explain the fossils and remains" and you refuse to address that
Instead you repeatedly focus entirely on my opinion what percentage I would place.. on my opinion of the matter. Then in the eyes of others you haven't support your argument at all. You've just gone off on a sideshow to deflect from your lack of ability to debate the subject.
@_date: 2018-08-29 19:05:36


Actually we do, we have had speculative assets (with fixed supplies) for a long time. "Buy the news, sell the rumour", "bear/bull markets", etc none of this is new. Likewise the attributes that affect value.


All evidence points to crypto tech complementing fiat/finance and vice-versa. Financial institutions and industries all over the world are partnering with current crypto projects or developing the tech themselves. I don't know why so many in the crypto community seem to try to play fiat "against Bitcoin" or "banks vs fiat", when both complement each other so well
But as much as some individuals may want BTC to be "a currency", it simply isn't. It's a speculative asset that is divisible and transferable (similar to digital shares)


You don't need a crystal ball, it's elementary logic and economics. Let's try an example. You want to buy a car, 30k USD price at the dealer, but you can also pay in cryptos. You decided to buy it 2 weeks ago with your chosen crypto-currency, let's say Nano. Instant transfer, zero fees. 
What's the issue? 
Taking today's value of Nano, how much did you pay for that car?
@_date: 2018-08-29 00:18:44
Bitcoin is transferable and divisible which means it can be used *as a type of money*. But it's not suitable as a currency (like national tender) mainly due to it's volatility
Unfortunately, due to it's fixed supply, that volatility will remain relatively high compared to e.g. stable-coins/stable fiat currencies
@_date: 2018-08-29 09:03:23
What is a saturation point?
BTC has a bigger mcap than several world currencies, which are relatively stable in comparison. When something has an artificially fixed supply (e.g. 21 million), and no stability mechanisms, it will always be relatively volatile *by nature*
@_date: 2018-08-29 19:49:20


Absolutely, but not by much
The initial volatility was compounded due to the fact that it was a new asset type, weak infrastructure (MtGox, etc), lack of regulation, high uncertainty and so on
Most of those elements have been decreasing, but BTC's volatility is still relatively high. As the market gains more regulation, certainty, and so on, the volatility (if we are lucky/unlucky) should become similar to the level of other fixed supply speculative assets
 (only an 8 year snapshot of a 100 yr stock)
Is volatility decreasing? yes
Does that mean it will "eventually" become stable enough for a currency? no
How do we know this? because it's a speculative fixed supply asset, they have no stability mechanisms (like currencies) so they don't become relatively stable like currencies do
If you don't mind, try to answer the question about Nano. If you want to skip to the answer, the customer paid the equivalent of over 100k USD for a car worth 30k USD, in the space of 2 weeks. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 23:36:37
That's not exactly what I asked..
"It's possible to put a percentage on the probability of your statements? can you give me an example of that using one of your statements about the future volatility of BTC and how you came to that figure"
I like this, it's interesting, but to be honest you are turning a simple debate into an exercise in extreme pedantry with stuff like this. This is what people do when they don't have counter-arguments. I shouldn't really be replying, but I'm a bit of a masochist. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 23:22:48


It's possible to put a percentage on the probability of your statements? can you give me an example of that using one of your statements about the future volatility of BTC and how you came to that figure
(I've never seen this used before in any debate, it's quite obtuse)
@_date: 2018-08-30 20:12:23


What are the "physics of money"? 
Give an example of a fixed supply asset that has stabilized to e.g. the equivalent of USD?
@_date: 2018-08-30 20:50:35
It's a bit more complex than that. It depends on various factors, e.g the 24 hour trading volume and which way that is going. If the trading volume is only going one direction, all the sell orders get filled and the price can rocket up (it moved 10% in one hour recently)
The question you need to be asking is if the market cap of BTC is higher than certain world currencies, why is it more volatile in comparison?
Why would it be more volatile that a currency with the same market cap?


Ask the Q again
@_date: 2018-08-29 10:09:07
Due to the fixed supply (21mm) BTC will always be inherently (relatively) volatile
There are assets (like equities) that have been around for 100 years that have not stabilised with mcap size. Nor time. They are inherently (relatively) volatile due to their fixed supplies and other features, similar to BTC
If people want stability now, they'll use something like e.g. DAI, which is designed for stability
@_date: 2018-08-31 01:24:11


Ah, now. That's completely false. You haven't answered many of my questions or addressed my points, yet I've moved on
You won't move on from this one thing, because you don't want to
As mentioned it's a trolling sideshow. In a decade or two debating I've never seen a tactic like this before ;)
@_date: 2018-08-30 21:24:06


I answered this (there's no need for "percentages")
"Pretty certain, because BTC has quite a lot in common with e.g shares."
Remember, this is just following logic. If there are dark clouds and the forecast is for heavy rain, logic dictates it will likely rain. 
We can make the same logic assumptions with BTC based on it's attributes, characteristics and market. It could plummet to $10 tomorrow, but that is unlikely. It could stabilise like Tether, but that is unlikely.
@_date: 2018-08-30 23:54:12
Putting percentages on opinions is a sideshow, moving on from that
Here's a straightforward question, do you believe BTC can become as relatively stable as Tether? and if so, what are the reasons to support your opinion on that?
A part of me suspects that you are unsure or uncertain about that, and if you try to sideshow out of it, then that is 96.53% confirmed ;)
@_date: 2018-08-29 21:34:28
I think you are getting into semantics now. The sun will rise tomorrow, is that a fact or speculation?
@_date: 2018-08-29 20:39:01
It's not really a case of *facts or speculation*, because it's based on logical prediction and analysis
If it rains and you don't put on your coat you will get wet (but there are many variables to that)
A fixed supply asset with no price stability mechanisms *will be more relatively volatile* in value than a non-fixed supply currency with stability mechanisms (but there are many variables to that)
Taking away extreme variables, it's closer to a fact. A fixed-supply asset like BTC will be more volatile than a fiat currency like the EUR or the USD. A stable-coin (with sound stability system) will be more stable than a fixed-supply crypto. If you raise interest rates, people will save more.
@_date: 2018-08-29 09:48:12
Didn't claim it was the same as today's. It's why I use the term "relative volatility"
The issue is the inherent volatility. If you are an investor/speculator (like most people here are) that's a good thing. 
@_date: 2018-08-30 22:41:04


Not evasive, I answered the question directly
""Pretty certain, because BTC has quite a lot in common with e.g shares."
Why do you want me to give it as a percentage? (you can't "force" someone to answer a question in a bizarre way without explaining the reasoning behind it)
Why don't you answer my questions? 
What are your key arguments?
Here's my key arguments
* BTC is a fixed supply asset, making it rare, this makes it relatively more volatile compared to currencies that have stability mechanisms (this can be shown)
* BTC has more in common with e.g. digital shares than most currencies
* BTC is based on an uncertain secondary market with low regulation, low rules
* As far as I am aware, no fixed supply assets have ever become as relatively stable as modern currencies like GBP, USD
* Apple's market cap is 1 trillion, it's still volatile in comparison to currencies. That's bc more currencies are designed to be stable, share's are designed to be speculative assets
As an anecdote, 5 years ago I heard the same arguments that in "5 years" BTC would be stable like a currency, that when it hit 10bn or 100bn, likewise it would stabilise. Now I see these same arguments again, but the underlaying fundamentals haven't cause it's volatility haven't changed
@_date: 2018-08-30 23:24:58
Why do you want to convert opinion into numbers? It's a really strange request
I'm not sure I can debate with someone like that. Sorry, do I have to put a number on "how not sure I am"? e.g. I am 76% not sure I can debate with someone like that.
You'll have to explain why you are making that request to pigeonhole someone's answers, because it seems pretty dubious. But like I said I am masochistic, so I am curious to know
Often when people can't debate something in a straightforward manner they will try to be obtuse, pendantic or semantic (wordplay, subjective definitions and so on)
@_date: 2018-08-29 09:34:18


I heard this 5 years ago, when it had an mcap 100x smaller. It doesn't work like that. BTC has more attributes in common with speculative digital assets, e.g. shares. You're not going to see Google or Apple shares "stabilise" in the future due to their mcap
The new thing is to say that it will stabilise due to "adoption", but we aren't spending our BTC, it's an investment for most of us. Even if we do spend it, we generally replace it at an exchange. The public/business/industry will never do that, too many hurdles
I think people will just start to accept that it's a speculative digital asset that is divisible/transferrable and hence can also be used *as a type of money* (but not suitable as a currency)
@_date: 2018-08-31 01:06:16


Of course not, because it's trolling
When I asked you earlier to provide your argument with a percentage you slyly side-stepped it and gave an argument about the sun rising, which is not what I asked
If you are dodging your own (bizarre) question in relation to the debate in such a manner, why should anyone answer it?
@_date: 2018-08-30 18:27:07
To repeat
"It's possible to put a percentage on the probability of your statements? can you give me **an example of that using one of your statements about the future volatility of BTC and how you came to that figure**"
You believe BTC will stabilise in the future correct, how? and give the percentage probability for your reasons (these are troll questions)
@_date: 2018-08-29 09:21:28
Here's the list of currencies
In fairness, not that many after the year 2000. Including those that were replaced by the Euro. A failure is far more likely to affect extreme third world countries/tinpot dictatorships
There is still a need for *stable* cryptos to replace these types of currencies, several are under development at the moment
@_date: 2018-08-29 23:11:46


Precisely. So it's speculation. Of course the sun-rising tomorrow is high probability speculation, whereas the sun not rising tomorrow is low probability speculation (very low)
Speculation is one aspect of a debate. There are also e.g. logic arguments. I gave an example of one earlier, e.g. if the rate of interest is raised, people are more likely to save
If someone's argument is based on a combination of facts, speculation, logic arguments, examples, correlation, etc, then it makes no sense to demand that they compartmentalize it into either a) fact or b) speculation
@_date: 2018-11-20 22:19:02




Calls it a currency, treats is as a speculative investment asset
@_date: 2018-11-18 01:50:14
Increased holdings only make a small difference to volatility for speculative assets (e.g. Apple shares) 
Apart from enthusiast or black market use there are no reasons to use BTC as a currency. People trade it, people invest in it. It makes no sense to spend it.
@_date: 2018-11-17 17:23:00
Time isn't really the issue, fixed supply assets have been around for over 100 years, volume and time can decrease volatility but never to the point that they are on a par with currencies and stablecoins (which have stabilitisation mechanisms). There's no incentive for public, business or industry to use highly speculative assets as a currency 
TLDR fixed supply cryptos like BTC will never be stable enough to use as a currency
@_date: 2018-11-21 12:25:56
Yup, still doesn't make sense to buy stuff with a volatile asset though. It's a bit like a community demanding that everyone use digital penny stocks as currency when the reality is that they are awful as a currency (but great to trade). Decentralized, transferable, divisible doesn't mean jack unfortunately when the price moves so much. 
It's why there are now so many stable-coins entering the fray. BTC doesn't have a hope against them (as a currency)
@_date: 2018-11-15 22:56:48


It's not a religion. It's mainly economics. There is little demand among the public, business, industry and government to use a volatile fixed supply asset as a currency (no matter how transferable or divisible it is) We can pay in seconds for almost anything with something that is relatively stable, can be insured and is accepted everywhere. In countries where the economy is imploding there may be demand for a cryptocurrency (depending on the infrastructure) but a functioning truly-decentralised stablecoin would be far superior than most traditional cryptos
If we really analyse it, speculative fixed supply cryptos are dreadful as currencies, which is why we don't really use them as currencies. They are excellent for trading or as speculative stores of value - which is what all the infrastructure is built around (exchanges, etc)
@_date: 2018-07-28 13:48:11
The same reason any exchange needs to have KYC rules, they are responsible for making an effort to twart criminal and illegal activity, if they don't, they are held responsible and liable
Criminals, drug dealers, etc are constantly trying to launder cash, and will exploit any situation to do so. A famous case is HSBC Mexico. HSBC Mex had very lax KYC and compliance - as a result drug dealers exploited that and used them. The branch can't hold their hands up and say "hey we didn't know", that's not good enough, they should have had the required compliance and KYC in place to deter/catch launderers. As a result they were heavily fined and suffered reputational damage
If individuals within a bank directly and *knowingly* launder cash, that is very different and they do face jail-time (e.g. Icelandic bankers in 2008)
@_date: 2018-07-28 18:39:56
You made the incorrect point that they weren't done for money laundering, they were. It was an example of *direct* money laundering (and other financial crimes). These crimes were exposed in the direct aftermath of the FC 2008 (Iceland was one of the most countries most affected by the FC)
Indirect money laundering is far more common, it's where a bank is used against it's knowledge for money laundering. In that case the bank *can still be held responsible* if they didn't carry out sufficient checks and so on
People often confuse or conflate the two.
@_date: 2018-07-28 14:00:08
It's vital. Open a financial institution tomorrow with no checks or regulations; every criminal, drug dealer, launderer, sanctioned entity, etc would be instantly opening an account. It'd be a mafia bank within a week
@_date: 2018-07-28 19:36:30


This is missing the point. If you directly engage in money laundering, that's a crime, you can be thrown in prison. If your business is *the victim* of money laundering, then no. But if your business is as a bank or credit union (or crypto exchange) is the victim of ML you don't get to play the innocence card, you can still be held responsible
Take crime. Society will never rid itself of all crime - it's not possible. So we do the best with the tools we have, e.g. the police, to tackle crime. Just because crime exists doesn't mean the "system is broken and useless". Making that kind of argument is incorrect.
Likewise money laundering. It will always exist. But just because it exists doesn't mean that AML is "broken and doesn't work"
Likewise, just because I could, e.g. receive payment for drugs in BTC, then send that BTC to coinbase and launder it straight to my bank account as cash - does not mean that "crypto is a joke" either
@_date: 2018-07-28 21:47:45
Nope. What you are doing is pitching this irrelevant crypto vs fiat, crypto vs banks, crypto vs whatever world view
Crypto and finance complement each other. Financial institutions are extremely interested in blockchain and DL tech, they are signing deals and partnerships daily with crypto projects. Likewise the crypto community is holding their breath for the BTC ETF, for regulatory approvals, for the acceptance of crypto by investors, banks, trusts, brokers, established exchanges. For incorporation into evolving financial infrastructure, for joint projects, for business partners
Both are symbiotic. Blockchain is going to change many industries, including the financial, and likewise everything we have learnt in finance is helping crypto grow and evolve
Yet there are always people (like you, no offense) who want to push this versus narrative and incorporate it into debate. It's silly stuff, it's like driving a wedge where there doesn't need to be one
@_date: 2018-07-28 17:32:14
Ignorance of something is not a valid argument against it, likewise throwing insults doesn't add anything of value, just weakens any point you might be making
@_date: 2018-07-13 02:39:47
You can't withdraw BTC, LTC, Eth - they are blocked
@_date: 2018-07-28 19:58:30


That's your personal opinion. I work in market infrastructure, I would say modern banking (in first world countries) one of the most tightly regulated industries in the world. At any one time we have about 2 or 3 banks under investigation (there are 10's of thousands in the world). Before 2008 it was more lax, but since then it's gone into overdrive, the regulators (in Europe) are v powerful. For example, where I work, we're watching the banks, we will report them the second we see anything, we have high visibility on what they do. There's a team watching us. Then there's a team watching them. Then there are the auditors and regulators watching everyone. It's not perfect of course, incidents, negligence and crimes do happen. If anything does happen, no matter how minor, it's usually all over the press the next day (compare that to other industries which reach press only some of the time)


Again is your personal opinion. The crash affected countries all over the world. Not a lot of crimes were actually committed - that's the problem. Moral hazard was not the cause of the crisis, not by a long shot. "Bubble thinking" was the main cause


I keep my savings whereever they are safest and insured. As long as the custodian is externally rated by a third party, is audited and the fees are low then I am relatively happy. If a better system comes along, then I will switch to that.
@_date: 2018-07-28 16:42:44


That figure would be astronomically higher if it weren't for AML, compliance, etc
@_date: 2018-07-28 19:26:08
They were caught committing direct crimes and prosecuted as such. Can't prosecute people if no crimes have been committed. Unfortunately even a systemic crisis is not grounds for throwing people in jail to satisfy populist old testament justice fundamentalists. There has to be criminal activity committed.
That's different from non-criminal acts such as unethical practices, oversight, high risk appetite, negligence, etc that is typically dealt with regulatory punitive measures (such as fines)
Likewise, to give a similar more relatable analogy, we can't just start throwing people from exchanges and devs from crypto coins in prison because there was a large crypto crash, there has to be specific crimes committed
@_date: 2018-07-28 16:25:19
You haven't addressed any of the points and just turned to insults
@_date: 2018-07-28 16:53:09
They were jailed for money laundering. And other crimes like embezzlement, market manipulation, insider trading, etc
@_date: 2018-07-28 12:46:12
A bank has to follow regulations and rules. If, for example, a client is doing business with a sanctioned entity, then it is the bank's responsibility to take action. If they don't they are the ones held responsible
Likewise, if regulations stipulate that banks can't hold accounts of illegals, then the bank has to take action or they will be held responsible
To be honest, it's fairly rare that a bank will freeze your account, and if they do (and it's not justified) they will typically unfreeze it with no issues (as was the case here). They have to do their checks and if they have any doubts they will freeze the account while they get the relevant details
@_date: 2018-07-28 20:32:54
Private Swiss banking has been a hub for tax evaders for years - that's why the authorities are opening it up (It's also one of the reasons I am not keen to invest in privacy cryptos - anything that helps tax evasion is going to be a serious target for regulators somewhere down the line)
In this particular case, the problem is that he didn't do it to "whistle-blow", he stole the information to sell it for personal profit. That's the crucial difference. 
If, for example, you stole private information from users of a crypto exchange - information that contained many people who were dodging tax. And you handed it over to the relevant sources to expose the tax evasion. You'd be doing the right thing and have a strong case.
But if you tried to sell it for personal profit, then aside of the tax evasion, the exchange would be quite right in persuing legal action against you - and would likely win it if it were proved you did it for personal profit
Context is highly important in these cases
@_date: 2018-07-28 21:24:02
It's your personal subjective opinion based partially on populism and high profile cases. As mentioned, corruption (like crime) exists everywhere, including crypto. It's existence does not mean that those systems "are broken". It depends on many factors and each individual case. Everything in context and perspective. Just because there is a crypto exchange hack in the news every few weeks does mean there is some "broken" problem with crypto exchanges. It's part and parcel of an ever evolving system.
If someone held up a few exchanges hacks and said crypto is broken - you'd call it ridiculous, and you'd be correct
@_date: 2018-07-28 18:50:55
The fine would have been far in excess of any profit HSBC Mexico made from moving that cash


There wasn't a direct crime committed. In this case it was gross negligence for which the bank footed the bill, took the reputational damage, and obviously had to put some serious investment into a proper compliance department
Again, if money launderers or drug dealers manage to use (abuse) e.g. a large crypto exchange like Binance for several months, it doesn't mean that employees from Binance need to be throw in jail
@_date: 2018-07-28 17:54:54
Your welcome
@_date: 2018-07-28 19:13:02
The point stands, if no one committed a criminal act then it's unlikely people will be thrown into prison. The size of the fine is determined by a judge who has the relevant details - in my experience it's always far in excess of any profits
