@_author: rooftopbbq
@_date: 2018-01-01 13:16:53
...took the longest to get the joke
@_date: 2019-07-12 13:04:53


that seems like a safe bet about literally anything said by donnie moscow, as well as about donnie moscow himself
@_date: 2015-05-18 11:35:39
Yeah, those poor people would've been better off without the state. Total anarchy has always proven to be a great catalyst for social and economic equality.
(Did you mean *bureaucracy* instead of *the state*?)
@_date: 2014-01-22 14:56:10
probably, it's not like those guys are capable of any quality journalism of their own.
@_date: 2018-06-17 12:54:01
you seem intent to categorize actual scientific journals as gatekeepers.
Here's the thing, if this study is actually sound, peer review will only confirm that. There's no reason not to unless they're worried the peer review will reveal the faults in their method or conclusions.
But here you are staunchly defending this study just because you like the conclusion of it.
@_date: 2015-07-13 16:24:40
They knew they wouldn't be able to print their own money, they know your option 1 would not be available to them. And they knew they were running a much bigger deficit than they should have been. Greek citizens knew they had to pay taxes but made it a national sport to avoid it as much as possible. And yet despite all that they still sought they join the eurozone, even going so far as to hide their deficit and effectively lie to the other eurozone members.
They got themselves into this mess.
@_date: 2017-04-30 11:33:08
I don't trust other people to spend enough of their money on charities to enable them ensure adequate safety nets, and I don't trust charities to provide adequate coverage for all people who need help. For example, your posts give me no confidence at all that you'll spend 30% of your own money on charity every month.
You're making it needlessly difficult by going to a diffuse system of charities over tax, all because of a childish "tax is theft" mentality. Grow up.
@_date: 2017-04-29 23:36:16


Yeah, except that we live in a world where every country recognises public property. But it must be comforting to live in a fantasy world, justfied by a youtube video rather than reality.
@_date: 2017-04-29 21:00:40


I can't tell if you're joking or truly so retarded you don't know things can be owned by any legal entity: people, corporations and yes, the government.
@_date: 2017-04-29 21:10:38


Exactly. This completely pretends we have no such thing as morals or ethics, and is the main reason this line of reasoning is flawed. 
For a concrete example: someone who is disabled needs extra medical attention as well as special equipment and facilities. In the magical libertarian fairy land, this is paid for by said disabled person. But, being disabled, they likely do not have the same income opportunities as others, and even if they did, the cost for the extra facilities may easily exceed their ability to pay. We can see then what happens in these situations by looking at our own history, to the days before social safety nets: these people were completely fucked.
We as a society of decent humans with a basic sense of morality have decided that it is fine if we *all* spend a small amount of our own money so that the few of us who need more help can receive it. And the only way to do that is through tax.
Honestly, anyone who advocates a complete libertarian approach is delusional in thinking they'll never be in a position where they need help, as well as grossly lacking in empathy or simply being very selfish.
@_date: 2017-04-30 00:14:37
Considering the concept of property is a cultural concept only, unrelated to any sort of natural law, it is something only defined by culture. And we've defined it to include public and corporate property. Any right of ownership is defended by men with guns, so if you own anything, you should be somewhat grateful for them. Without them, you'd have nothing.
But by all means, keep living in a fantasy world. Maybe if you believe hard enough it'll magically come true. Go on, I'll wait.
@_date: 2017-04-29 23:54:35


But it being the legal reality in every country on this planet does make it a fact.
@_date: 2017-04-29 21:30:04


There is absolutely no reason that is fundamentally true. It is as much an opinion as saying public property is possible. Both depend on what a society decides is acceptable. And in our society, public/corporate property is acceptable.
In fact, if you look at history, you'll see that public (well, at the time tribal) ownership came right along private ownership, possibly even earlier. 
Also interestingly enough. Without your much maligned 'politicians who control men skilled in violence', enforcing the law becomes impossible, which means private ownership becomes impossible as there is nothing to stop people from simply taking what they want.
@_date: 2017-04-30 12:23:09
A rough estimate of how much it costs in tax per person to provide what I'd consider an adequate social safety net, based on the amount I'm currently paying in tax that goes to social safety nets (includes healthcare, parental leave, unemployment, disability, pensions, etc etc etc). I guess it could be lower if you're willing to provide less safety net. However, I don't even trust all people to spend 10% of their income on charity every month, if you're willing to accept a much more austere safety net. And because enough people are selfish, non-forced charity doesn't work to make a caring, compassionate society that catches people when they fall. So I'm perfectly happy to say "fuck your selfishness" and have taxation instead of a fairy tale charity social safety net.
@_date: 2017-04-29 23:24:11


If you think that adequate social safety nets can run on charity you're living in a fantasy world. And if you feel that social safety nets aren't necessary you're both selfish and have an unrealistic feeling of personal invulnerability.
@_date: 2015-07-13 16:04:35


Why do you think the greek government needed that bail out money? Because it had been spending more than it had for decades.
@_date: 2019-01-26 10:00:33
bang ding ow
@_date: 2017-09-17 15:53:04
[this one]( It's a very high level overview of course, but it shows only a small part of US taxes is spent on the military. The discretionary spending you refer to includes transportation, education, housing assistance, etc. Which is very useful (unless you don't like roads or affordable education, I guess), and I can easily argue is part of the 'caring society' . Along with all the healthcare related spending and social security it easily accounts for the majority of the US tax spending. 
I'm sure there's plenty of waste in there, but also a lot more spending that benefits society. And while you may disagree on some of the things tax money is spent on, claiming "taxation is theft" and therefore thinking you can run a modern society while no tax is collected (and by extension, no tax is spent), is pants-on-head crazy. And it's that assertion that is the point of my post.
@_date: 2017-09-17 15:24:49
Sure, the US military isn't exactly part of the caring society, though even in the US the majority of tax money is NOT spent on the military, so military spending is a terrible argument against tax.
Even thenm the military IS a big part of the reason that the US has the influence and wealth it has. It is, unfortunately (and perhaps unethically), necessary to maintain the status of the US in the world, to the benefit of the citizens of the US (and at times detriment of citizens in other nations). So if you're an american, you're better off due to the US' military inventions maintaining the US' global hegemony and petrodollar, thanks to your tax dollars.
@_date: 2017-09-17 11:25:51
Yeah, I'm sure you'd spend the same amount of money you currently pay in tax as charity if you lived in your magical tax free fairy land. /s
@_date: 2017-09-17 11:00:46
"not being a selfish dick and participating in a caring society"
@_date: 2017-09-17 12:27:09
which is why tax exists
@_date: 2015-09-28 07:15:01


No they could not. How can you be so naive?
@_date: 2015-04-08 18:18:28
You go to restaurants for a purely subjective experience. There is literally nothing objective about going to dinner.
Medicine might cure you with drugs or a procedure that through medical science has been objectively proven to be effective, but in the process leave you with unpleasant side effects. These might have been medically unavoidable, but tell that to someone who will be impotent/missing a limb/blind/etc for the rest of their life.
@_date: 2015-09-28 20:57:42


Who pays for all their costs. Just on donations? You run a vital service just hoping people are generous every year to cover the costs, with no guarantee that this is actually the case? Not to mention the fact that you can't just have volunteers. You need to have people who are on call, who pull night shifts and all that stuff. They need to be paid for their work. 
If governments could cut their costs by just using volunteer FD's they would. But that simply doesn't work. Hell, I've recently seen articles that several FDs in my country are worryingly short on volunteers.


Who pays for this? Because if it isn't the government, it would be completely naieve to think these police forces could be relied upon to be objective and fair. They'd be little more than corporate security. What happens if my house is broken in to? Why would a private police force I don't pay for help me. Or do I have to subscribe to a security service? In which case you're basically saying "fuck the poor, they don't deserve police protection". Seriously, how do you see this ever working?


Lol, really? You just crowdfund an army if someone were to attack you? 
Let's first of all ignore the fact that while US military hegemony is a very tricky issue, the immense influence this gives the US is absolutely beneficial to US economic interests and that would all disappear immedately in your little utopia. 
But imagine if someone attacks the US, you'll just crowdfund an army? What, you'll just build a few carriers and a fleet of advanced bombers? It takes years of expensive research which won't happen because you're only willing to pay when your country is attacked. And I'm sure the invading forces will just wait for you to finish building all that. Just crowdfund the training of all the people who suddenly need to receive training? Great, in a few years you'll have a badly equiped, badly trained army with no experience. I'm sure you'll do great in a war against an opponent who does have a professional army with modern, high tech weapons. 
And that is even ignoring the fact that in 2015 the US military budget was 615 billion USD. This means that in your hypothetical "the US is under attack, lets crowdfund our army" scenario, every US citizen, regardless of age (this includes children) will have to pay nearly 2000 USD. Since this includes kids, basically it means people with kids have to pay 2000 per person, plus 2000 per kid. You'd be amazed how many people don't have that money available. And that is ignoring the fact that some people will refuse to pay, because they know your crowdfund army is going to be easily defeated, or because they don't care about the politics and would rather keep their money. Unless you want to mandate these crowdfund donations. Which means you've just reinstated taxation. All of this means you simply won't be able to get a military that can stand up to a modern military without using taxation and government managment of it. And without that military, someone will invade you. We see throughout history that military strong governments always overthrow military weak governments, regardless of the merits of those governmental systems.


Interesting that you take the US as an example of healthcare, because if there is ever an example of a system where healthcare is turned into a for-profit industry, it is the US. The US is not an example of government handled healthcare (even with the government influence that absolutely exists in the US), the US is an example of a free-market - or more accurately - capitalist healthcare system. It wasn't that long ago that people with pre-existing conditions couldn't get insurance, because *they weren't profitable*. It was only after the government changed the rules that those people finally could get the help they need.
The fact is that healthcare is not something that benefits from capitalism and the free market. Because the free market only has one goal: profit. You make a thing or provide a service to people, and money comes out of the system. But profit should never be the goal of healthcare. The goal of healthcare is to cure the sick and keep the people - and the society they are a part of - healthy. It is the reverse, a system where money goes in, and healthy people come out. A free market system would see no research done on diseases that only affect a tiny number of people (it's not profitable), or only poor people (again, not profitable). People would have to rely on health insurance if they want access to healthcare, rather than having this right be guaranteed to them by the state without having the risk of going bankrupt over it. If it isn't clear by now, a good healthcare system is not one like the US currently has. Better, though obviously not perfect, examples are found in europe, where no citizens risks going bankrupt over medical bills and where the government spends far less per person on healthcare than the US, where the medical care for every person is orders of magnitude better than it is in India (btw, US citizens certainly get better care than all citizens in India, some of whom might be a day's travel or more away from the nearest doctor).


In the US, yes. The student loan system was a terrible idea, as are the for-profit universities. That's because the american system is terrible. Let's take a look at Sweden or Denmark or Finland or Belgium and suddenly you see a system that allows every citizens the opportunity of education, without them ending up with college loans, and without restricting access to these centers of education only to those who are rich enough, which you'd get in a free market environment.
As for homeschooling, I am not going to comment on you personally but there has to be a guarantee that the education provided to children is up to specific standards that they need in order to be able to participate in a modern society and many, many homeschooling parents simply cannot meet those standards, either due to time constraints, lack of abilities or lack of interest. Home schooling cannot be relied upon to educate a nation, yet having an educated population is necessary in order for a nation to succeed. Only a government can guarantee this.


Basically yes. It means that we recognise that people do not have equal opportunities in life as well as the fact that sometimes people make mistakes. And that we recognise that lack of opportunity or a mistake do not justify telling someone "well, fuck you, you can be homeless now". We also recognise that society as a whole benefits from being more equal in wealth (wealth inequality is one of the best predictors of violent revolution) if you want to be purely selfish about it. And of course there is a great moral argument to be made. "The measure of a society is in how it treats its weakest members" and all that.
We can see in studies time and time again that countries with strong welfare systems (scandinavian countries, the netherlands, etc) also consistently show that their citizens are the happiest, feel safest, are the best places to raise kids, etc etc. If there is ever a goal for a society, it is exactly that: to provide it's citizens an environment in which they are happy and safe. Providing social safety nets is also beneficial because it maximises the potential of your society: even people who lack opportunity or make a mistake are supported by this so they can turn their life around and contribute. Wasting that potential simply means your society will not perform as well as it theoretically could.
Systems like this simply can't exist without a government. 


This is nonsense. I'm sorry but it is. We had a time without unemployment, and it's either incredibly naieve or downright evil that you'd want to go back to that. Without minimum wage, you see countless of poor people exploited for slave wages. Wages you can't live off. We've seen it in *every system that does not enforce a minimum wage*, both historically and currently.
And you entirely ignore the fact that there simply isn't always a job for someone to do, even if they're willing to work far below what they'd need to survive. Sometimes there just isn't work (or not work people are able to do). And there needs to be a safety net for people who become unemployed to avoid them becoming homeless, both from a practical (homeless people are ultimately a burden on society) and a moral point of view.


This is the one thing I partially agree with. At least, the financial system certainly does need to be fundamentally reevalued, because the way it currently works is certainly not in the best interest of society.
Overall, your post shows immense naivety. I don't know if it's your homeschooling, or if you're just really young and inexperienced or what, but even the weirdo libertarians don't seem as naieve or uninformed as you.
A society only functions if people agree to all play according to certain rules. And the only thing that can enforce these rules is a government. If it is not able to do you get anarchy and rule of the strongest. You get a failed state like Somalia.
@_date: 2015-09-28 19:21:09
fire department, police, army/defense, healthcare, education, you take your pick
edit: also social welfare, unemployment, etc
@_date: 2018-12-25 23:06:30
Yes that is a 51% attack, but it is in no way related to quantum computing, which is what this thread is about. Do you have some theory on how quantum computers would be more capable of a 51% attack than regular computers? If yes, that is what people are asking about. If no, then your posts are off topic and unnecessary.