@_author: rookxpy
@_date: 2018-01-16 17:32:15
As someone who has followed both PMs and Cryptos for the last decade there is a big difference in the ability to manipulate the two (also the reason the PMs are still rigged today IMO).
Nobody actually wants to hold large amounts of PMs, it is neither practical nor convenient.  Gold and Silver take up space and must be kept under lock and key, so the overwhelming majority of investors actually want paper.  Even when money is moving in, it is mostly moving into paper gold or paper silver.  If a small % of people (and institutions) that own metals actually wanted physical possession I think that game would have been over already.  
Enter the new asset class of Cryptos and taking delivery digitally is now easier than buying an ETF.  They take up basically no physical space, are far more easily secured, and can be transferred in any denomination to any other wallet anywhere in the world in minutes.  Because of this, the mentality is exactly the opposite of PMs.  People look at you funny sometimes if you are one of those "quacks" that believes in keeping your gold and silver "buried in your backyard" so to speak.  By contrast in Bitcoin, the community will judge you an idiot if you put your trust in an exchange to hold your crypto for you.  The whole point is not to trust an institution.  And there is sooooooooo much less bitcoin than Gold.
They can/will try to rig this market and, perhaps, they will succeed.  But this is a far different beast for them that I think (and hope) will eat those greedy scumbags piece by piece.  However, people are dumb, and much of the new money in this space doesn't want to learn anything about crypto, they just want to make money as quickly as they have seen others make it.     
@_date: 2019-07-31 13:32:57
They were widely considered to be stupid ideas at the time.
**"There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home."**
*Ken Olsen, founder of Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977*
Funny story, Xerox had an R&amp;D team that spent 10 years  building the first personal computer.  When they finally showed the higher ups what they had built the reaction was about the same as if they had just burned a giant pile of money in front of them.  Steve Jobs knew one of the higher ups and said "If you aren't going to do anything with it, can I talk to the team and take a look?"  And that's how the R&amp;D team that created the first computer had to give away the idea to Steve Jobs.   Which irks me every time someone talks about how genius Steve Jobs invented the personal computer.   
We really fail to appreciate the implications of the old adage "History is written by the winners".
@_date: 2019-07-19 13:32:10
Personal Opinion:
In an ironic twist of fate Bitcoin will eventually make Central Banks beg for the gold standard they abandoned to expand their power well beyond anything that could be considered civilized.
@_date: 2019-07-31 17:33:37
The young Steve Jobs, that talked about how stealing and improving great ideas is how the world gets better, was awesome.  
Too bad he died well before old man Steve Jobs wanted Android to stop using the "stolen" swipe feature.  His body just took a little longer to follow his spirit.
@_date: 2019-07-29 11:12:17
If it was anyone else I would give them the links for what they need to know to decide, but for a parent that will never take the time to actually digest that material (speaking about my parents, maybe not yours), holding it for them is better.  People that don't want to learn about bitcoin and just "want in" are going to treat private keys and seed phrases like passwords.  I've worked in IT support for 20 years, I expect everyone who isn't me to lose their password and not to tell you about it until 5 minutes before they have a life or death situation where they need it.
What I would do is keep it in the same cold storage I have for myself in a single private key I won't mistakenly use and give her a link to the public key shown in a block explorer.   That way she can know it is there still (and exactly how much) whenever she wants to "check her account".
@_date: 2019-07-21 14:59:10
On the other side of that opinion, I would still consider the 1st inning.  Going forward I am pretty convinced that Bitcoin will be around as long as the internet is.  Bitcoin has been around for slightly over 10 years, which means that if you think this is anything other than the 1st inning you are saying the internet will die within the next 100 years.
It's hard to wrap your head around how far this could actually go assuming we humans don't make ourselves extinct.
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:13:09
I have been hodling the split myself and my reasoning is this.  I'm not 100% sure they are wrong (I know that is heresy in this sub).  Roger Ver is a turd, but he is correct in his assertion that blocksize was how Satoshi mean it to scale (the blocksize limit was originally intended to go away, not just be increased).   
As of right now, it looks like they both could very well have significant value going forward, so why would I trade myself out of a diversification that was handed to me?  The .1 bitcoin per bch won't matter to me if core goes to the moon, but in the event bch takes off more than core, for whatever reason, in a few years having traded them away would be really painful.  
So, yeah, I hold a coin I wouldn't buy, because it is a 99% copy of the coin I did buy into and I am bought into the technology behind the coin, not the scaling solution to its biggest current shortcoming.   
@_date: 2019-07-29 20:43:24
Trezor is fully open source, Ledger has a proprietary chip.  There is a large overlap between people that believe the open source process makes for better/safer software and people who believe bitcoin is better/safer money.  Maybe because Bitcoin is one of the largest and most successful open source projects in history.
Practically speaking I don't think there is anything wrong with either and your loving government will be coming after the data off of both of their servers soon enough.  For what it's worth I use a Trezor, but I don't %100 trust it.  If you are going to invest in Bitcoin spend the time to learn all the ways to store and even, just maybe, use it for something. 
P.S.  Cheaper Trezor's also fall in line with that same overlap because they were a really nice bare minimum of everything the community wanted in a hardware wallet that is very light and durable.  I would rather own 2 cheap Trezors than 1 expensive one.  Oh wait, I do.
@_date: 2019-07-28 19:48:13
Don't be silly, HSBC launders it for them.
@_date: 2018-08-14 11:59:17
I held mine too, for a while.  But, even if they turn it around at this point and stop trying to re-brand themselves as bitcoin and re-brand bitcoin as bitcoin core, the damage they have done to their reputation is hard to truly appreciate.  That re-branding effort has totally backfired and the scam label is going to stick for a long while.  Plus, with so many other altcoins (or $h!tcoins if you prefer), why would I hold one that actively tries to destroy the value of my one special favorite.
@_date: 2018-08-13 12:29:44
That's from Nov of last year dude, plenty of people were willing to give BCH a shot until they started acting like scammers rather than develop their software.  But, name calling is sooooo much easier than development.  Good to see Kim is back on the right side now though.
I would still be holding some BCH if I thought they followed the principles outlines in that tweet.  Act with dignity and in good faith my arse.  
@_date: 2018-08-09 11:19:41
Table games are for suckers, get live poker rooms or get lost.
@_date: 2018-08-12 13:11:24
Government will, in effect, print it away.
More specifically, negative interest rates will allow banks and other corporations to pay off their debt with even cheaper debt.  Keynesian economics at it's finest.
@_date: 2018-05-31 00:48:42
I let myself get emotional after posting there and traded in the last of my BCH for litecoin to keep some diversification.  Shapeshift is magical and btrash people suck.
@_date: 2018-05-25 10:21:39
I too find James Veitch amusing, well done.
@_date: 2018-08-03 10:42:01
I was just thinking we need a new one of these behind Jerome Powell.  Honestly, I think people should start doing these signs behind any and every political/economic elites.  Put a QR code on it as well so we can all tip you for the service.  The guerilla marketing has gone way down since the great newbpocalypse.
@_date: 2018-05-01 09:51:00
If someone says bitcoin (other than a mentally challenged btrasher), they mean the non forked high value one.  They don't mean bitcoin cash, bitcoin private, bitcoin gold, ect.
@_date: 2018-05-31 10:44:31
Good luck getting governments and banks to hold themselves accountable to a ledger that tells people exactly how much money they have created.
FIAT currencies are the shittiest of shitcoins.
@_date: 2018-05-01 00:35:32
Yes, they are entirely different things by name and substance.  When someone ask for bitcoin they mean bitcoin not bitcoin cash or btrash (not because the tech is trash but because the people that support it are).
@_date: 2018-05-07 10:49:43
Well, first off if a person sent BCH to the public address of a business accepting BTC, the business would then have to help you recover by using their private key on the BCH chain, which they have no legal obligation to do.  This will also require different degrees of effort on the part of said business depending on how they are set up.
Also, I have heard it mentioned that BCH sent to BTC Segwit addresses basically become free floating transactions that can be directed to anyone since there is no signature data.
Problems like this will only exacerbate over time as the differences in updates and features accumulate between the two protocols/chains.  
While it hurts both chains in terms of public perception, it is probably a good thing for BTC long term.  At this point anyone with 10 minutes of time and a functioning brain is going to see btrash as a scam thanks to Roger's antics and attitude.
Actually kind of sad, I held on to my btrash for a while as I liked the idea of having two different methods for scaling and letting evolution decide.  But, tricking people into buying your coin because they think it will work at all those various businesses and ATMs they see that little orange logo is not something I want to be a part of.  It makes you a trashy human being.
@_date: 2017-02-02 18:11:15
The problem I have with this argument is that our government handed over the power to print money to these giant banks long ago.  Almost all money today is created by loans, which the banks get to write into their account when they hand out a loan. Ever wonder why even the most uncredit worthy people get soooooo many offers for credit cards?  That 14$ a month charge is just a way for them to show increased profitability which is what gets the higher ups bigger bonuses.
Banks like BOA only get away with this nickel and diming today because everyone has forgotten about this incredibly huge privilege they received many many years ago by convincing us that they would provide a better public service with this power than government.
The thing I like most about BTC is that it takes that power away from both groups of asshats.  
@_date: 2019-11-11 18:59:54
I'll go a step further and say there is no way it was a big Bank.  For the following reasons:
1)  There were all kinds of rudimentary features in the original source code that were done away as the community refined it, even a poker client.  
2)  There is no way a Big Bank had access to the immense fortune in Satoshi's wallet and never so much as moved it to a safer address.  They don't sit on an asset like that for a decade.
3)  Banks get to create money through loans, Bitcoin puts an end to that crap.  You can only send as much Bitcoin as you have, this wrecks the current banking paradigm.  Hence why no Banking Giants own any reserve of Bitcoin, yet they all seem to be in a race to see who can bring the best centralized sh!tcoin to market the fastest.
I could probably list a few more, but I think that is enough.
@_date: 2019-11-07 20:54:24
I remember the second time HSBC got caught money laundering for Drug Cartels and had to give some of the money they made to the US government as a punishment.  Who would ever dare try that again with such severe repercussions?  I know everyone at HSBC learned a valuable lesson that year as one of the executives couldn't even afford the third vacation home his trophy wife wanted for Christmas.
@_date: 2019-08-01 11:04:12
Silver wasn't abandoned, it was attacked and legislated against.  Ever hear of [the Crime of 73](  Banksters have owned this place for a long time.
BTC is my favorite investment, but real silver is currently my favorite altcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-02 12:58:52
Well, the banks own the political structure and that political structure can print at will. Thus those banks can not go bust in this system unless they are allowed to do so.  I don't get how this is not common knowledge yet.  
It can not end until the US dollar is replaced as the world's reserve currency by something that can not be printed at will (which those same big banks that own the political structure do not want).  And as excited as I am for what that could mean for Bitcoin, it scares the piss out of me when thinking about friends and family whose livelihood is based in the current system.  It will be probably be ugly to the point where there will be many of us bitcoin holders that will wish we could give up our mad gains to go back in time and prevent it.
@_date: 2018-06-01 22:39:02
When the only tool you have is a hammer, everything is a nail.
I can hear the printing presses already.
@_date: 2019-08-04 21:25:01
I think there is a better chance than most people think that McAfee doesn't have to eat his little buddy.  The S adoption curve has an elbow to it where we move from early adopters to the first half of the general population.  And it's hard to appreciate what would happen to a fixed asset like bitcoin if there was Fomo from the really old generational wealth, governments, and/or banks.  I know they have every reason to fight tooth and nail against it, but they aren't totally dumb people.  If Bitcoin can't be beaten, the game can quickly becomes who capitulates to the reality that Bitcoin can't be beaten the earliest.
@_date: 2019-08-06 18:51:27
Sooooo, I looked at the documentation OP linked to and was like who the %$&amp;# tests a web payment service by sending over 3 BTC to it?
Much better list here, I wouldn't use something written back when 3.14 BTC was $729.56.
@_date: 2019-10-17 17:47:19
While I agree with you philosophically and find KYC to be rather draconian, it isn't really unlawful search and seizure.  As with everything, you don't own it until you have purchased it and taken delivery.  However, once someone has possession of BTC no one can stop them from coinjoining, atomic swapping, dexing it into Monero and back again, ect.  Personally, I don't care if my government knows I own X amount of Bitcoin from Gemini, I was planning on paying my tax on it if/when I sell some anyway.  I hope to own most of it long enough to see the day when governments have to reverse all this crap legislation because they actually need people to start spending the hardest money ever created into their shitty economies.
@_date: 2019-10-17 15:06:03
I've heard this argument before and it always makes me think most people have missed the bigger plot here.  If our world is to continue to have an increasing digital component to it, privacy isn't the real problem.   
 We need digital money that no one can debase or otherwise change the rules of first and foremost.  The debasing of the currency is how we got things like never ending wars in the Middle East or even wars on nebulous concepts like Terrorism or Drugs.  It's the very essence of how government oligarchs pay for things we would never accept a tax for, because the repercussions come far enough down the line that average people don't even realize where the repercussions came from.  And even if they do, so what?  Just print some more to buy them off and continue on your merry tyrannical way.  It's so easy to control people when you have control over the money they use.
So, In order to make it so no one can debase the money, the money must be easy to audit and verify that it has not been debased.  Bitcoin fills this role perfectly in it's own pseudonymous way.  This is also why I am maximalish and not maximalist, I think layer 2 and/or altcoins can fill the privacy role just fine. Would I accept a soft fork of mimble wimble that allows groups of transactions within a block, sure.  But, I definitely do not want the base layer to become %100 private because, at that point, it also becomes impossible to verify how many Bitcoins are in existence (Monero's biggest weakness in my opinion).  
No where in the Constitution is privacy a right.  Unlawful search and seizure is, meaning you can't search my property if I don't allow it or without a warrant.   Society has never had an expectation of privacy outside of your own home and IMO that's good because it keeps humanity's worst inclinations in check.  I know I am in the minority on this in the BTC world, but I see the tracking of everything as inevitable in an increasingly digital world.  The choice becomes if it is the minimum amount of tracking needed to make it work and available to everyone, or owned/controlled by one particular mafia or group of mafias like the system we currently have.
@_date: 2018-06-23 13:35:00
One thing I don't see mentioned often enough is the built in inflation.  We need something like 7 million USD value a day to keep price where it is for the new supply coming in by mining.  Now, you may note that is actually a pretty low number for a global money available to every human being with an internet connection, but keep in mind the current use cases don't really apply to the Western world where most of the current money is.
There is a floor with bitcoin that isn't there with almost every other crypto and that is the actual use.  The Western world took over this last year with it's use case of speculative investment.  Now that fad is over, so we are back to the floor being where it is actually being used currently.  Remittances, store of value in unstable countries, cross border billing, protection against confiscation, ect.  My guess is that floor is somewhere between $4000-$6000.  Once the market establishes what that floor is and it is clearly rising, the speculative investment phase will be back on and we will have another blow off top.  Could start tomorrow, could start a year from now, I'm pretty confident it will happen before the next halvening. 
@_date: 2019-10-25 16:50:12
It's impossible to actually call manipulation on large moves to the up or down side with BTC.  It's a globally available, fixed, monetary asset where the total value of the entire existing supply is under 200 Billion.  Apple or Amazon alone could buy up all that currently exists with less than half of the cash they have just sitting around.  Of course, in reality that isn't possible because they would drive the price up exponentially higher by just purchasing their first billion dollars worth.  
And if one of those companies actually thought BTC had a future and started buying as much as they could, would that be manipulation?  Cause it would sure look like it to anyone outside of the company decision makers who decided to buy.  It's why BTC is money first and will become global currency only as the market matures.
@_date: 2019-10-20 13:25:21
Just my opinion on how a person should hodl in the US.  If you live in another country and/or have a different use case, awesome and more power to you.  Many network effects make for a strong network.
@_date: 2019-10-09 01:49:49
I purchased one of those t-shirts that says "I am Satoshi Nakamoto" just to wear for Halloween.
@_date: 2019-10-19 19:05:31
Yeah, I'm with r/Buttoshi.  I've seen this from early, my current personal philosophy on hodling is below, but always open to change if the right argument presents itself.
If Bitcoin goes up enough that I can sell a small percentage and meaningfully change my life, I should do it.  If I run into an emergency, I'd sell what I need to.  But I always want to keep as much BTC as I can comfortably afford, and f%$# paying fees (both exchange and on chain) to give my BTC to a large corporation or business so they can dump it right back on our heads to feed the fiat beast.  If a local business owner were accepting because they liked Bitcoin personally then I would consider spend and replace, otherwise nope.  Lightning would also be an exception because pioneering that network has a lot of value to the community and any business currently using that I would automatically see as friendly to the cause.
Right now the tax implications alone in the US are enough to dissuade me from using it as currency.  However, I think we could very well see the day when governments and banks start competing with each other to get people to spend/store/use it in their jurisdictions.  Every 4 years the hardest money ever known to man just keeps getting harder and right now, Governments and Central Banks all have hundreds, even thousands of tons of the world's previous hard money champion Gold and 0 BTC.
@_date: 2019-10-22 18:28:21
If you can't stop someone from owning something or even proving they do own it without their cooperation, making it illegal just puts an exclamation point on it.  I think the biggest reason governments in general can't go down that road is because most people hate their government and making BTC illegal acts as free advertising effectively saying "Hey, don't buy this thing we can't stop you from buying that reduces our power over you".
@_date: 2019-10-25 17:33:05
I've been staring at the Bitcoin chart every god dam day since mid 2017, if it makes a 15% move in a daily candle when it has a multi trillion dollar market cap like gold, that would be a good indicator of manipulation (though not proof of it).  Until then, all it takes is a single Jeff Bezos (or Bill Gates, or Jack Ma, ect.) deciding he wants to wet his beak a little and you can get a move like today.
Could it possibly be manipulation? Sure.  But, by instantly calling a move of this size manipulation, you really aren't appreciating how tiny this market is relative to other comparable global assets.  Not that anything is really comparable to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-24 18:31:25
What if I told you, the majority of the people that were here first got jack?  The guy who paid 10,000 BTC for 2 pizzas got there way before I did, but all he got was one meal.  How many people lost it to an old hard drive or losing their key because it was just this silly internet money experiment.  BTC is reallocating purchasing power to those capable of actually valuing things more accurately than the turd burglers currently in charge of the banking system.  No oppressor is ever going to see value in a tool created to fight oppression.
And hodling is hard, ask anyone who purchased any BTC in late 2017 and hasn't sold.  No one can actually know the future, but my opinion is that over the next decade BTC is going to brutally reallocate purchasing power to people that see the value in it and are willing to take the risk of trying for a better world where unaccountable banksters can't change the rules whenever it suits them.
Also, Gold has the best track record of working as money and currency for all recorded history because it had intrinsic properties that made it desirable as such.  Which is why Bitcoin was made to model gold digitally exaggerating all those properties.
@_date: 2019-02-06 15:52:39
I love it when Roger's antics backfire.  A few decades from now we will be using bitcoin trash as the primary example of how scammy crypto was and why it scared off normies in the early years.
@_date: 2019-02-05 16:43:02
Understand this.  Government CPI has changed over the last 50 years and (in the US) no longer counts:
1. Education
2. Healthcare
3. Food
4. Energy
I could probably list a few more items everyone needs yet isn't counted.  What's worse is that much of the stuff that is counted can be changed with the magic of hedonic adjustment.  For example a car may cost more today, but it also has more features (things like power windows, rear cameras, ect.) that the last generation didn't have, so they adjust the price to account for all this "extra" you are getting.
Anyone really interested in this should check out [shadowstats.com]( John Williams has been following this for a few decades and his calculation puts us at 6-7%.
@_date: 2019-02-05 18:26:22
CPI is used to calculate things like Social Security adjustments, pensions, ect.   So, the people implementing those changes at the time probably honestly believed they were long term saving the very people they were short term harming.
And I actually notice inflation is way more talked about today, than any other time I can remember.  And I think bitcoin/crypto is a big part of that.  For people a few decades ago we had the system we had and there was nothing to compare it to, nor any point in doing so.  The only other option historically was a gold standard.  I often make comments in passing referencing certain topics to see who is interested/worth talking to and who I should stay the hell away from.  Two decades ago any off handed remark about inflation was met with a "why would I even care?" by 99% of people, today it seems like everyone is at least a little interested because they know something is wrong and have this new tech making them question what money even is.
The generation growing up today are exploring a whole new world of monetary possibility after having created true digital scarcity.  I consider it the most hopeful thing for positive change that has happened in my lifetime (with the possible exception of the invention of the internet).  But, it will take a longer time to change than will feel fair.  The wheels of history grind so slow they often don't appear to even be moving.
As an aside, I am starting to think r/bitcoin is a better r/economics than r/economics is.
@_date: 2019-02-07 14:14:42
If it makes you mad and you want to do something you could always file a complaint with the SEC.
Also, for twitter users, you could report the Bitcoin handle as harmful as well.
Since we still live in a world of censorship and centralized authority, we might as well unleash the censors and central authorities on real scammers.
@_date: 2017-11-24 20:16:22
Soooo, I can't speak about the ledger, but I spent about a year of on and off reading before buying my Trezor a couple months ago.  What finally sold me was that all the code on it is open source and designed assuming it would be used on a fully compromised computer.
I trust it enough to keep more than half my btc on it, and I may move it all over in the future.  The safe guards it has in place make complete logical sense to me.  So, It basically gives me the same feeling of security I get from a fresh linux/electrum install while being far more convient for transactions.  And I actually would feel safe plugging it into someone else's computer to make a transaction, if I needed to.
Do some reading, you should always be skeptical trusting your money to any technology (or person, or organization, ect.).  I completely understand not trusting it.  But, that's also how I felt about bitcoin itself once upon a time.
@_date: 2019-06-29 16:41:52
No, in this scenario as soon as you get down $1000 on your position, it is automatically liquidated.  You can leverage as high as you want, but you can't go through more money than you have.  Exchanges win either way.
Every time I think about margin trading I scroll through the Bitmex Rekt twitter for a while.
@_date: 2019-06-25 15:14:33
While this may be true, there is also an argument to be made that  there is a .001% that actually owns the Central banking system as it stands today.  Bezos is the richest man alive... when you exclude royalty.
IMO, It is the ownership of the system itself, where rules can be changed whenever the owners wish, that is the problem Bitcoin solves.  No matter how much Bitcoin someone accumulates, they can not use it to change the actual rules of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-30 14:26:05
The advice about keeping your seed secure is different from the advice about the security of various wallets.  Recovering your wallet through a seed does you no good if someone empties the wallet on your phone.  Smartphones have, arguably, the worst security of any computing device people use on a regular basis.  Personally, I would not let a wallet of any significant value touch my smartphone (unless the android client for trezor becomes usable and, even then, only if I need to).
IMO, If you don't know how to turn an old computer into a secure Linux box and you have bitcoin you are hodling onto as a speculative investment, then you should have a good hardware wallet. 
@_date: 2019-12-21 15:08:49
Excellent points, might I just add my own unpopular opinion on the social dynamic.
People that come in as the price starts to look bullish again aren't interested in learning how to use this stuff, they are interested in having a counter party manage all this complicated "techie stuff" for them.  This doesn't require any on chain capacity and there are now plenty of counter parties to choose from.
I know Custodians are counter to the point of Bitcoin and it now allows for the same type of fractional reserve games that other commodities suffer from, but the average person today has no interest in even learning what private/public key cryptography is, much less using it.  The majority of the people with the majority of the wealth still have trouble using their email, they most certainly aren't learning how, or even why, to use a Trezor.   This will change in a generation or 2, assuming a financial crisis doesn't force the issue sooner.
@_date: 2019-02-28 15:12:40
One of the lesser talked about reasons people advocate not re-using an address is because if you have never used a private key to sign a transaction, that key is already Quantum proof.  To make the protocol itself immune to quantum computing will probably require a hard fork as it would require a move to a Quantum encryption standard, which I am pretty confident will not happen until a quantum attack actually happens.  But, if you use bitcoin properly, you will just jump to the Quantum fork with no loss.   
Incidentally, this is one of the reasons I am ok with the 3rd parties coming into the market to hold average people's bitcoin for them.  I'll probably never use those services, but most normies aren't capable of this type of thinking and actually do need someone to keep their bitcoin safe for them.  Not to mention they will lose their seed phrase faster than you can explain what end user error is.
@_date: 2019-04-09 15:33:08
Sadly, FOMOing in gets you only slightly more respect than panic selling.
@_date: 2019-04-05 16:47:13
Along the same lines, the best explanation I ever heard was that if we are all just monkeys drawing the same lines on the same charts, it doesn't matter whether it should work for it to work.
I used to think it didn't work, now I think it does right up until a trend change or black swan event.  The first time you start putting Fibonacci levels and moving averages on charts and see how accurately they show where prices are bouncing off of repeatedly you know there is something to it.  
@_date: 2019-04-05 18:15:40
Seriously, I feel you.  My nature has been to always be a long term investor based off of Fundamentals and only got into learning about TA because there were a few people who made really amazing calls based off of TA as the crypto Bear Market started and I was trying to figure out what the hell was going on.  I love BTC and could literally talk about everything it has going for it fundamentally all day.
For the most recent price move you are referencing, I didn't hear a single good TA person I listen to tell me that they were sure we were breaking down from that most recent wedge.  Most said the odds were slightly in favor of a break down, but didn't know.  Thing is TA isn't a way to see into the future, but it does give you some actionable info.  To give you an example of how I think about it on a fairly simple concept...
In TA when markets bottom they rarely ever V bottom (one clear low and then back up).  They also don't give you much time to buy the bottom.  Hence why many TA people think we will revisit 3k or lower at some point in the next few months before we start a new bull run.  I have to take this possibility seriously.  Will I sell my stack?  Hell no, this is BTC and anything could happen.  But, that knowledge did keep me from just FOMOing in when seeing that massive green candle like a younger me might have done.  I am holding off buying, saving my fiat to blow a bigger wad on a rock bottom price if it happens.  If I have to use that money later on to buy higher when it is clear we are in a new bull so be it.
Basically, in the last year I have found TA to be an excellent way to look at near term possibilities when formulating a plan for investing.  Having a good plan stops you from FOMOing In and Panic Selling which is really hard in regular markets, and even more so in the highly volatile world of crypto.
@_date: 2019-04-09 14:48:14
I'll chime in and say I 100% believe this.  Money is the most physical embodiment of power we humans have.  Give me enough money and I can do anything that is possible for humans to do (go to Mars, build clean energy plants, ect.).  When one group controls the supply of money and can print it for themselves and their cronies without consequence we all are paying for whatever it is they are doing by accepting a slightly less valuable money each and every time they print.  If you don't take this power away from them, no protest will ever generate any change.  Thugs to squash them can be purchased by using the very money the people protesting earned through hard work.
I'm not saying it has to be Bitcoin by itself, it might be a crypto ecosystem.  But it NEEDS to happen if we ever want to stop endless wars, corporations wrecking the environment, and politicians that say one thing during a campaign then serve the MONEY that got them elected.
Please note:  I fully support people's right to protest and acknowledge it does bring awareness to issues, which is good.
@_date: 2019-04-11 13:33:52
I think he was referring to the crash in price and not Bitcoin Cash.  Although I like the idea of changing the nickname to BCrash.   That community is the unwashed anus of the body crypto.
@_date: 2019-04-05 17:11:12
I'm in IT support and, while I agree in principle that everyone should take possession (I have), my experience tells me that it would not be a good idea for everyone and that is ok. 
However, for the less tech inclined that do want to be 1st class citizens let me just add SECURE YOUR SEED PHRASE IN MULTIPLE SAFE LOCATIONS.   For most people the risk of losing access yourself is far greater than the risk of it getting stolen.
Extra note:  Once you have the seed phrase (secured and tested) and a receive address from the wallet generated by that seed, you can uninstall your wallet software to prevent any loss from malicious software or hacking.  The address exists in the blockchain and you have the ability to use that seed phrase to access it any time you want to install a new wallet.  You can even use a blockchain explorer to check the address if you want to reassure yourself it is still there.  Don't keep BTC on a computer/phone unless you need some to carry around for spending or want/need immediate access to it from time to time (in this case buying a hardware wallet is a very good investment).
@_date: 2019-08-22 11:12:17
Fortnite is a video game, not an innovation.  Video games were once an innovation that went through the adoption curve.  Fortnite (like all popular video games) rides along top of this already adopted innovation, enabling them to get 100 million users in a very small amount of time.
@_date: 2018-11-10 17:29:34
Exactly, and if you are backing it up by letting the institution hold your asset that they can, and will, sell should you fall far enough behind, or the asset depreciate enough, why would you pay the rate for average to subpar credit?  You're letting the lender hold the keys to your precious btc to take the loan, that's the safest loan a lender can make.
Not saying there isn't a market for this, there totally is and it's good to see something like this come out.  But, those rates are not competitive for what they are offering.  The whole point is to allow for these efficiency gains to be shared, feels like they aren't sharing.    Good side is, It has to start somewhere and someone will come along that does share more of those efficiency gains with their customer.
\*edited for grammar
@_date: 2019-01-07 23:27:18
Soooooo, I once believed this too.  However, I have also worked in tech support for 20 years and I can tell you with absolute certainty that over 50% of the population is not intellectually capable of holding their own private keys (and I feel that is being very generous).  Having a fully insured custody solution makes those people able to participate when they otherwise wouldn't or worse be forever jaded to it because they lost a bunch money they should have had ...except their opsec was poop. 
Someday, as the tech develops and the average user gets an understanding of it, the average Joe will be ready to hold his own keys.  I think we are at least a decade or 2 away from that day.  
@_date: 2019-01-16 14:16:05
You, sir, are a hero.  We need a thousand more people just like you.
FYI, I would also suggest fixing the links at the very bottom of your post. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 14:49:19
I think we should all just keep reporting bitcoin.com to the SEC which seems to be looking for targets (and would be free advertising for bitcoin).  If I purchased the domain name gold.com and used it to sell copper claiming that it was the real gold, I am pretty sure I would end up in jail.  I expect Roger to end up back in prison at some point as well, as I am sure there are people holding bags of his sh!tcoin that think they actually have bitcoin... and will have a painful lesson when they go to sell some.
You notice Jihan has been distancing himself the last few months, China executes people for blatant fraud like that.
@_date: 2018-03-09 00:11:27
I've listened to and liked Peter since before the 08 crisis... and it has pained me to listen to him on bitcoin.  I just think his mind won't let him understand because he has so much invested in both gold and his gold money business.  The idea that someone could invent a virtual gold native to the digital world would, at this point, be a painful realization, when it's so easy to just dismiss it.
The funny part is that even if he is right, he is wrong.  Generally speaking millenials and gen z feel a greater sense of ownership over a digital key than over an account where Peter or someone else keeps track of your gold for you.  Even if it has no intrinsic value there will be value placed in it by young people that see trading lumps of metal as archaic and thus the need for a digital asset that bitcoin fills.
@_date: 2019-01-30 12:26:21
My wife jokes that she hears Andreas' voice more than mine. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 15:25:36
Longtime gold/silver bug here and you are both right to an extent.
The amount of gold mined every year versus total above ground supply at this point puts it's inflation rate at a little over %1 (less than BTC).  However, Bitcoin reduces below gold's inflation rate after the next halving.  As the gold price climbs and/or new technology provides efficiency gains new mines will open and the supply will increase faster, but not enough to change that inflation rate by very much (because we have been mining for a very long time).
The biggest thing Bitcoin most definitely has over gold is that fixed inflation rate, IMO.  I heard about peak oil for years, and then fracking came along, now oil supply no longer seems to be a problem (although plants could probably solve that problem in a more environmentally friendly way).
For gold, a tech advancement or huge new discovery (of either a ginormous gold vein or long buried stockpile) could radically alter the gold price.   I also have the feeling that nothing would advance humans into space faster than discovery of a gold asteroid we wanted to haul back down to earth.  Gold in nature is produced through nuclear fusion in the belly of stars so imagine if a nuclear power plant could be made where the byproduct was gold.  Then there is also the possibility of us finding a [new way to create gold such as this](
There are way more ways the gold supply can instantly increase than the BTC supply.  Are any of them likely?  No, but over a long enough period all of the scenarios I could imagine to radically increase gold supply definitely fall into the quite possible category.
Alternatively, I can only think of 2 ways the supply of bitcoin increases.  1)  The tech fails either through broken encryption or a 51% attack.  In which case it quickly becomes worthless anyway.  2)  Satoshi's wallet becomes active (similar to finding a long buried civilization's gold hoard).
A decade ago I liked gold as a store of value way more, I wish I had liked BTC way more the way I do today.
Interesting side note:  To own the same % of the total supply of gold as 1 BTC would get you of it's total supply you would need over 350 ounces and that number will only go up from the next halving onward.
@_date: 2018-02-26 17:25:22
Hence why modern developed nations are all doing such a great job of making sure the human race has increasingly better access to food, healthcare, education, ect.  /s
By that logic a mafia running the world would be a good thing if it survived long enough and took over all modern developed nations.  Hint Hint
@_date: 2018-11-29 14:59:37
Someone with no technical knowledge that split off because the community didn't listen to HIM on how HE wanted bitcoin to scale, then tried to pry away the name despite only breaking away with %20 of hash power, users, ect.  If bitcoin cash had come out and said we believe this is a better way to scale so we are forking off to do that I would still be holding some bch today, but they didn't.  They showed that their plan didn't amount to making the tech better, it amounted to stealing the brand.  And surprise, surprise, these people that wanted control over bitcoin's direction then start fighting over who has control of their new $h1tcoin.
He made his scammer bed, I hope he enjoys getting rekt in it.
@_date: 2018-02-23 20:52:22
For me, early on it was all about playing with a new piece of tech.  I made my first purchase from Mt. Gox at $7 per BTC with the intention of seeing how it worked and how useful it could be.  
I know enough about money to know our existing financial system is unsustainable and this seemed like a revolutionary solution (which I still think it is).  To this day, I still can't believe we bailed out those corrupt motherf$ in 08 and everyone just went along with it.  But that's a different story.
Anyway, once I had set up wallet software and transferred off the exchange I started looking for other things to do with it.  Enter the dark web, where I was blown away by being able to buy zithro for cheaper than my copay and with a stronger dosage.  I started spending btc because I wanted to see this currency take off (needs to be used right) and became ever more convinced of it's future usefulness.  I also play poker and went through half a bitcoin on a bad run at seals with clubs playing 3mBTC/6mBTC limits (funny that, at the time, part of my problem was that I considered that limit beneath me because it's dollar value was so low).  However, the price started to rise and, even though I intended to replace what I had spent, I got a little lazy here and a little bit worried I would be buying at too high a price there ($200 seemed like a lot to pay for a bitcoin at the time... when it hit $600 that seemed crazy).  Before I knew it, I was at less than half of what I had originally purchased.
That first big price explosion (and subsequent correction) that I was a part of made me realize that I needed to start treating this as an investment.  It was time to take what I had left, lock it away, and just forget about it (leaving a little for poker of course).  I knew I would kick myself some day for spending as much as I did without replacing already.  I still followed crypto, but didn't buy or sell anything again until last year.  Ironically, it was the BCH fork that really woke me from my slumber as I don't like to leave free money on the table unattended;)  
You might think from this that I have regrets on spending btc (or gambling losses), but I do not.  Playing with it is what convinced me of it's value.  My regrets are things like not following that voice inside me those times it was screaming at me.
The day Bitcoin dropped to under a dollar I remember looking at it thinking to myself "I should REALLY drop $100 into this today."  But Mt. Gox is gone and I don't feel like trying to figure out where I can buy, oh well, maybe I  just saved myself $100. 
I still have no idea what it will be worth, I just know that I have seen enough to want to make sure I have a significant stake in this ride until it becomes mainstream tech or busts.
@_date: 2017-09-25 13:10:06
To add on, I have liked using a raspberry pi with electrum.  Easy to find instructions, a clean stand alone computer you control, and bonus ability to take the microsd card out and store it somewhere else.
Also, an old laptop with a clean install of ubuntu (or your preferred linux flavor) can be even better as you can encrypt the hard drive during install.
@_date: 2018-02-26 14:02:37
The most prosperous nation the world ever saw was built with deflationary currency (gold and silver).  That didn't start changing until the Federal Reserve Act of 1913.
You can have deflationary currency and people will still spend money (people always want their reward now as opposed to later).  But, instead of punishing savers with less value you encourage savings.  I would say inflationary currency is the far worse option and the reason why %60 of Americans can't afford a $1000 bill that hits them out of nowhere.
@_date: 2018-02-21 11:52:12
The concept that in modern society money is debt is a difficult concept to truly get.
Funny to me another comment mentioned, jokingly, the dollar being backed by chase mortgages.  Which is closer to the truth than most people realize.  If you want a more in depth look at the concept I also suggest looking for a documentary called "The Money Masters" on youtube.
@_date: 2019-09-27 15:40:02
Perhaps I should have been more specific and said Federal Government.  I am not a full blown libertarian, I do believe in rules.  I just think those rules would be better if they were created/enforced more locally and less nationally (also known as separation of powers).  I don't mind paying my local and state taxes, I like roads, schools, power, ect.
What I don't like is the bigger part of my taxes (federal) going to sustaining a military presence in over 100 countries.  I don't like that if a Saudi hit squad were to say chop up someone with a bone saw, my local government could do nothing as they are whisked away to safety by the Federal government.  I don't like that more money is spent investigating Julian Assange than is spent investigating Epstein's pedophile ring.  I don't like that whenever there is shortfall for all this BS that they simply debase the money to pay for the difference.
I could keep going for hours on this, but the bottom line is that the more power is concentrated, the stronger it attracts the scum of our society to those centralized positions of power.  This isn't about not wanting rules and laws, this about not wanting people and institutions that have clearly placed themselves above the law.
@_date: 2019-09-25 19:21:22
Maybe I am wrong, but as I understand it part of the reason you never reuse an address is because it gives you a resistance to anything that could use the public key to generate the private key.  Since you are getting payed to a double hash of the public key, the public key is not revealed to the network until a transaction is made with it.  And, at that point, the remainder is going to a fresh address that also has not had the public key revealed.
Not saying it isn't an issue, just that my understanding is a 256 QBit computer breaks Bitcoin the least in terms of damage it could do.  Ethereum by contrast has a straight account model, everyone reuses the same public /private key(s) that are exposed with every transaction.  Then you get to actual Banks with way more money than the entire crypto market cap (biggest targets) whose Board of Directors and CEO won't be able to comprehend why they just can't change their password.
@_date: 2019-09-24 20:20:23
Hodling builds thick skin, like a honeybadger.  Wish my bank account was healthy enough to max out my daily Cash App limit.
@_date: 2019-09-21 16:10:41
The overlooked aspect of this whole game, immutable ledgers.  Can't change the history of the problem Bitcoin was designed to solved when it is written forever in the Genesis block.
@_date: 2019-09-01 13:04:39
I don't know if there is a technology free from any security issues.  If there is one, it would be base layer Bitcoin.
The whole idea of lightning was that the base layer is secure and working, why would we start making technology trade offs in it when we can do that on a higher layer? (ie. trading away some decentralization for some throughput ala Bitcoin Cash).  You can build something slightly less secure on top of something secure and make it work, while if you try to build something secure on top of something insecure you will fail %100.
@_date: 2019-09-11 16:59:04
I saw a quote from George Orwell's 1984 that made me think of Bitcoin.
"Until they become conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious."
I think Bitcoin may be the answer to this paradox.  Plenty of people will join to become rich, thus rebelling without being aware of why they are rebelling or even that they are rebelling.
@_date: 2019-09-24 18:59:43
The Streets are indeed Bloody today.
@_date: 2019-09-27 11:32:01
Now that is the crux of the situation.  The US government has a monopoly on the use of force.  
Which creates the counterpoint, that if you need to back your money with the use of force then it must be very crappy money.
@_date: 2018-07-18 11:43:38
My pro tip for this is that there are soooooooo many places you can hide 12-25 plain English words (bottom of various objects around your home, recipe book in kitchen,back of old pictures in your parents house, ect.)  You can even make storing it on a computing device safe by mixing it into different personal documents/emails/ect. and adding extra BIP 39 words that aren't part of the key (assuming you can come up with a system for yourself that you won't forget).  
Also a good way to make it so a loved one can access in the event of your untimely demise.  I've been knocking around ideas for an overly complicated treasure hunt that would involve the possessions and/or knowledge of multiple family members.
@_date: 2019-09-25 21:24:17
People that want to become your friend after you come into a lot of wealth are not friends that you want.  Also the primary reason many people who win the lottery are broke 5 years later.
@_date: 2018-04-17 10:16:12
To add one to the list, shapeshift.io  can do crypto to crypto without having to dox yourself.
@_date: 2018-07-26 23:53:41
I love the garbage disposal feature that allows users to dump their btrash into it and get change in ltc or btc.  
@_date: 2018-04-26 21:52:58
Btrash is taking away segwit next "upgrade", won't that mean it can never do lightning?
@_date: 2018-04-27 10:36:46
So, basically, we would need to find at least one person that purchased bitcoin cash, believing it was bitcoin because of bitcoin.com, and tried to make a payment to a bitcoin address thus losing their funds.  Then convince them to sue by offering to pay their legal fees and deal with the litigation, they would just have testify in court (more plaintiffs the better).
Alternatively, perhaps a vendor accepting btc who lost customers that were trying to use btrash as bitcoin would have a case as well.
Am I correct in this?
If so, it doesn't actually sound too difficult.  Quite the opposite, it sounds like a ticking time bomb for Roger. 
@_date: 2018-04-30 23:05:33
If you ask me for an ounce of gold and I sell you an ounce of copper claiming it is the real gold.  You are stupid and I have committed fraud.
@_date: 2018-04-27 22:08:53
My jaw was on the floor watching this.   CNBC really???
To summarize for those that don't want to watch that much pure bullshit, the hosts and various celebrities do a draft of stocks every year (right before the nfl draft).  Person with best portfolio  performance a year from now wins.  
Bitcoin is not a stock and it went 2nd.  Then 3 of the 6 other people left to pick all implied they were hoping to get Bitcoin with their 1st pick.  I'm shocked bitcoin got that much coverage and shocked that no one mentioned it isn't a stock, and why is no one picking another crypto.  There aren't many cryptos I wouldn't take over Chevron or Exxon.
@_date: 2018-04-26 10:47:37
Roger is like that kid who takes his ball and goes home when the game doesn't go his way...
Then when you remind him that it isn't his ball so he goes to the store, buys a new ball, and comes back to the side of the playground yelling "I've got the real ball so you can't play anymore".
Actually, it could be any btrash person in a nutshell, but it definitely flows from Roger.
@_date: 2019-05-07 10:49:06
Everyone look, I sent some Bitcoin to myself, that proves I'm Satoshi.
@_date: 2019-05-13 18:29:49
I didn't know I could just realize myself into programming.
And they have a regulatory consultant that untroduces law into cryptocurrencies.
I still have so much to learn.
On a more serious note, Sorry for your loss OP, that money is long gone.
@_date: 2019-05-15 18:55:05
The fact that Bitcoin has multiple network effects is a strength.  Some people are using it in transactions because their governments and/or banks suck.  Some people are using it as a store of value that can't be confiscated.   While others use it as a speculation that these network effects will make it way more valuable than it is currently. 
People that hold it add to it's value, as do people who use it.  And god bless the people that build on it.  The more network effects the better.  Just because I get decent enough banking services and make enough money that I would rather hold it than use it right now doesn't mean I am detracting from it's value.
@_date: 2019-05-20 15:53:38
I don't know with any degree of certainty that the price of bitcoin will rise... but I do know %100 for sure that the value of Central Bank fiat currencies will keep going down.
@_date: 2019-05-01 19:04:20
My Brother In Law is a die hard gold bug.  He has a YouTube Channel with a few thousand followers and even turned down a free bitcoin many years ago from a subscriber because he thought the idea was garbage.  While I haven't %100 convinced him yet, I did get him to read The Bitcoin Standard and even sold him an extra Trezor so he could buy a small amount to play with.
Remember, Gold Bugs share all the same principles (and enemies) the hardcore BTC crowd has.  They are just normally on the older side and the bigger problem is getting them to buy into the idea that internet based software can be as safe as a metal they can actually hold in their hand.  If they aren't at least a little tech savvy don't bother trying, otherwise you would be surprised.  Assuming you know enough about software and cryptography yourself to explain it in a way they understand.
Always be nice to Gold Bugs, they paved the way for Bitcoin and once they do get it, they are exactly the type of users we want (a goldbug will ALWAYS hold their own keys).  It is hard for the younger crowd to understand just how new all this tech around us actually is and how untrusted it is (with good reason) by the older crowd.
@_date: 2018-12-07 11:44:35
Great post, I keep doing the math on how much money globally needs to go in to soak up new supply and I totally agree on your supply point.  I think it is one of many big positives going forward.
And since no one else answered the questions part:
Trezor is my favorite hard wallet and well worth the money.  After having researched it for a year before moving to it I feel as comfortable as true cold storage.
However,  true cold storage means you generate the keys on a computer with a fresh linux install and no internet connection.  Then store your seed in a safe, safety deposit box, ect.  There is also the infamous glacier protocol.
@_date: 2018-12-06 12:05:48
Is it really that surprising that most people would rather talk a big game than risk anything by playing in one?
For the rest of us remember this time, soak in all that negativity.  If bitcoin does what we think it will, this moment is your "FU I earned this" to all the people that will say you got rich the easy way (usually trying to justify why you should give them some).  However, DO remember to use some of that power to make the world better for others, removing the banksters does no good if we become like them.  
@_date: 2018-12-05 12:04:46
Honestly, it was a rougher time in general.  Yes, there were believers back then, but the overwhelming majority of us were just hoping "the experiment would work".  Many of us bought or held because we wanted to see how it worked ourselves or support the idea in general.  Today feels much easier to buy and hold, as the FUD is so much weaker (if you have been around long enough).  eg. People outright laughed at the idea of it being a digital commodity back then, today it's listed on the friggin CME.  
The one big downside today being that almost everyone back then who knew anything was truly in it for the world changing technology.  Today, that has become a joke meme put out by the butt hurt get rich quick people with a bad sense of timing and no patience. 
@_date: 2019-05-23 17:27:49
They jumped through way too many regulatory hurdles for me to believe this one is a scam (although anything is possible).   I think decentralized finance is going to be a big part of the next wave.
I don't believe in keeping your whole stash (or even the majority of it) in any service like this, but the fact that more and more reputable ones are coming online is awesome.
Not only can you get interest on your BTC, you can borrow against it.  In the USA if I sell it, I pay tax.  But I don't pay tax on a loan against an asset I own and haven't sold.
6 years ago the idea that BTC would get enough traction to have legitimate services like these was unimaginable.
@_date: 2019-05-05 13:49:52
If you own big pieces of the existing financial infrastructure and someone tells you they are building a new infrastructure that people are joining in droves, of course you are going to see those people building and joining the new infrastructure as evil.  You worked hard to own this system, it pays for everything good in your world, of course it is a good system.  
I'm surprised though, he started with comparing Bitcoin to rat poison.  Next step should have been to compare everyone that uses it to Hitler, instead he jumped the shark straight to Judas.