@_author: roonaann
@_date: 2018-05-16 05:21:41


Someone had to say it.  The sad thing is that you really believe that.  Well, long the market and good luck.
@_date: 2018-05-16 05:54:57


Not sure what you are talking about.  The new regulations haven't been announced yet.  


Which doesn't happen.  I can go into a store and buy something with $500 cash and they don't ask for my SS# and copy my DL.   
I can buy something online with a prepaid credit card for $500 and they don't ask for me SS# and copy my DL.
Most likely soon, you won't be able to legally buy something for $500 with Bitcoin without having to provide your SS# and DL.


Individuals will be discouraged from making purchases in the USA and will not spend in other countries.  Bitcoin will become an even less attractive asset to buy.  And the USA isn't playing that game. It's playing another game that you are oblivious to.
@_date: 2018-05-10 12:03:12
That sort of makes sense. I would say you should have encrypted them for sure before uploading them to the cloud, but if was only a few hundred $, then could not make that a priority.  I should probably be even more careful about security, but not sure how much more I can do. 
@_date: 2018-05-16 05:38:42
First of all, it is "whack a mole" with the foreign exchanges that don't require AML/KYC.  These have already dropped in number a great deal and I'm sure the goal is to eradicate them completely.
But it's bad if you can't spend Bitcoin in the USA without giving someone your SSN# and DL and selfie pic.  That is bad.  Bad for adoption and bad for usage as a currency and means of payment.
And of course a huge selling point of Bitcoin from the start was to control your own money and have some financial privacy.  The privacy part was a "killer app" and it's going to be eradicated even further, although that part is already pretty much done with them coming down on Localbitcoins and all the USA exchanges and OTC sellers.  
This is bad for Bitcoin and this news could very easily have contributed to big drops today in BTC and the altcoins.
@_date: 2018-05-16 06:19:25
Fiat will become much more attractive, but Bitcoin and crypto still has some advantages (for now).  
Try driving across the country with $5000 of fiat on you.  It is not likely, but it is very possible that the police can stop you for a traffic violation and steal your money.  With Bitcoin, this is much less likely if you have your keys encrypted...you don't even need to have then on you.
Or of course you can put all your money in the bank and trust the Banks and the US gov't not to arbitrarily take some of it, just because they can.  Again, there is low risk of that happening, but still significant risk.
Of course there is also significant risk of being hacked and having your cryptocurrency stolen.  So no perfect solution, but fiat is not a home run winner in all cases yet.
@_date: 2018-05-16 07:41:27
Fiat is not getting significantly worse right now.   Bitcoin is getting significantly worse right now.   And by "right now" I mean this year, next year, the next 5-10 years.
The fact that fiat was made worse 50 years ago is not really important to me at the moment and going into the future.