@_author: roostermean
@_date: 2014-04-27 22:42:25
Not sure I agree with your reasoning; you've made a few assumptions which would need to be validated and have avoided a few key issues.
Human beings are social animals. We must have other people to survive. In the most simple case this is literally one other person with whom we can mate, in reality it is many more. And we need cooperation. The question then is how do we cooperate. Two possible and competing options. Cruelty and compassion. The latter is always the winning strategy.  
Consider your two tribes. If one is built on fear and the other built on trust the latter is more efficient. They can achieve much more with much less. Sounds incidental but if you think the earth is dieing, and we are killing it, we need to find a way to maximize the efficiency we can get from the resources we have.
I am happy to expand this in the manner you have. We have two tribes. In one tribe every one lies and cheats and kills and rapes. You cannot trust each other, you are alone. If you fall ill, you are eaten. It is the morons view of evolution; an oversimplified "survival of the fittest" type society. The other is one where honesty, loyalty love and compassion reign. You can sleep safely at night without fear of being murdered by your brother. If you fall ill you are nursed back to health. If you cannot gather food other people share. By watching your brothers back (instead of stabbing it) you are able to achieve any and all of the things that require cooperation. The kind tribe has doctors, it has engineers, it has specialists in any field. These people can work freely without fear of starvation, exposure, illness, isolation or any other natural source of suffering because they are cared for. Yes it requires technology, but we have that.
The latter tribe will always out compete the former. The only area where it might not is in violence; a thing we can live without. 
Before you say we could not have gotten this far without the violence and cruelty that is neither here not there. Firstly it cannot be proved (we don't have any way of testing other potential histories) but more importantly what we are now discussing is how to affect the present to improve our future. The past is interesting and informative, but it is also past. I have no interest in trying to change it.
Dawkins at this point would say that in a tribe of kindness the more profitable a cruel strategy becomes (if you could infiltrate, take advantage of trust, etc). Two interesting points- the first is that there is no symmetry with the cruel tribe. That is to say a kind strategy in the cruel tribe will always be ineffective. In the cruel tribe only cruelty is successful. The second point, and this is the key of this entire argument and the one which I think needs to be to taught to children, is that only the relative gains of the cruel person in the tribe to the kind people in the tribe succeeds. The overall success of the tribe decreases and this adversely affects them all. In short the best strategy for everyone involved is kindness. It takes a leap of faith on your part that it will be returned, but you must take this leap. Not because the alternative defaults to failure (relatively speaking). But because you are (I hope) a good person.
So how can we move from a society of cruelty to one of compassion? I think we start with challenging many of the assumptions you have made in your answer. For example you say anarchy is a stepping stone to "warlordism". We are living in warlordism right now. I live in "England". I have been and will again be harassed by violent persons (the police). If you think the police were right to use violence on me fine, but call it what it is; a regime of violence and fear. So what makes this island England? Warlords. What gives the police the right to harass me? Power derived from a set of rules based on the work of  those warlords. You might say they are enforcing the law as defined by a democracy which is a fair and just way of deciding them but I would ask you why? Consider the idea of democracy in principle and compare it with the reality. 15 year old people cannot vote. Why not? Is not their position comparable to the non-land owners of yesteryear? What about Somalis? It only makes sense that they cannot vote in English elections if we assume firstly there are borders and that secondly borders determine our rights. If there are 7 billion people, and 4.5 live in "Asia" shouldn't we defer to them on all matters political? The reason we don't isn't because that would be undemocratic, but because it would mean powerful people here losing some of that power. They don't want to. 
This leads to an interesting dilemma, is it more profitable for us to accept these assumptions then to challenge them. Traditionally we say yes, that the alternative is the hell you depict above. This is where some libertarians or anarchists would disagree. I, for example, don't think it works. I think the signs we take as success (our technologies, our art and our happiness for example) often blind us from the bleakness of our futures and the cruelty of our present. 
At this point it would probably be fair for me to explain that I am a pacifist. I think violence has no justification. The weakness of this position, as I'm sure some of you would like to point out, is that I may well be the victim of violence. Consider the second world war. Gandhi's views on the subject are often taken as an example of the failings of pacifism in the face of violence, that if we had followed his advice (to "throw down arms" and to "invite...[them]...to take what they want of the countries you call your possessions") the British people would have been entirely destroyed. So we met violence with greater violence, and raised an entire generation of children to hate. As before, hate is inefficient use of resources, it is only a winning strategy if we are 1) in a society built on hate (bad) or 2) happy to destroy any society built on love (also bad). 
And if we had met the peoples of Hitlers army with peace? There would have been suffering. But there is suffering now. When we talk about a world without justified violence we aren't talking about a world without violence, just like the courts or prisons can't stop murderers or rapists or reavers nor can ideals. But we can teach children that no violence is justified, that cruelty is never OK. 
Governance as it stands does the opposite. It teaches us that it is OK to hate, to be violent and to be cruel, we just have to make sure the objects of this attention meet certain criteria. Deciding said criteria is, as you point out, the sole purpose of government. 
Why do I have a problem with this? Because human beings are smart. Once you teach a person to hate, it is easy for them to adapt it to new situations. If I had been born in another part of the world I would have had my head removed from my body because I am a non-theist. In my country I can be kidnapped and caged because I like to explore my consciousness with a wide variety of narcotics. Once you teach a person that it is right to remove heads, or cage people, inventing "crimes" is easy.
But isn't murder wrong? What about kidnapping? If you think not, fair enough, vote away. If you think so, like me, it is impossible to support or endorse kidnappers and murders. 
Another major assumption you make is that the removal of government needs to be sudden. It does not. And I think even a slow move away from it will be painful. Of course I think the benefit outweighs the cost. I am happy to concede others may not. 
You also assume the absence of government is a vacuum of power. I'm not sure this is true. I would argue that society has been and continues to survive based on communication, and that the primary success of governments past and present is in facilitating communication. We have the technology such that the role government plays is in communication is diminishing and once it has been fully supplanted in this regard it will remain only a means by which to retard the growth of people by the fearful (or as Marie Curie would call them the ignorant) and by which bad people can exploit the kindness of others. 
I'm reminded of one of my favorite sayings;"It's a dog eat dog world". I am not a dog. 
 If you cannot be bothered to read all that I will surmise it thus; 
I put no value in the laws of man - they were made by lesser men for lesser men and I have no use for them.