@_author: rootdrawsart
@_date: 2019-09-14 08:49:10
Thought about this while walking today -- Solid point. 
OP is 17 years old, and to be frank, there's already a Bitcoin Bible.
One of the things I appreciated most about this thread was how supportive everyone was of OPs process of learning and development. 
It's good to be open to learning, and easy to do that with new tech. 
Note for OP: 
Try experimenting with reference citation.
@_date: 2019-09-13 04:31:57
1) Read through this PDF:   
 [   
It's a free distribution manifesto.   
2) Try to think bigger -- like what do you want me to do after I read your book?   
Then provide action steps for this to happen.   
3) A draft is a draft until it's published -- type it out, provide all relevant links for references and action steps, maybe include a few public domain images.   
4) Share widely within the Crypto Community, and include an address where people can donate BTC / ETH to you.  
5) Ideally you want to create something that will allow people to follow you for your next project \[this is what a newsletter accomplishes\]  
6) A project of this amount of substance requires compensation, and judging from the way the people in this forum are responding, you ought to enable all of them to share it with people that they know -- and allow each of them to credit you, and contribute to you for your effort.   
7) If you're clever, what you can do is release a Creative Commons draft copy via PDF in a very grassroots way  -- then accept feedback for the project, integrate the changes necessary, and then publish your true final copy exclusive to Amazon Kindle.   
This way  you can connect with the BTC community, receive and integrate feedback to improve your project, and then ship it in a way that uses existing financial structures for selfpublishing. \[[kdp.amazon.com](  
I'd also recommend you listen to this video and model your approach after Andreas.   
 [   
Maybe your next step can mimic Andreas --  [ with the open-source publishing approach.   
May be the case that the ethos of Bitcoin and the Open Source Publishing process will get you paid better than putting it on Amazon.   
Probably the most interesting part will be getting feedback from people for all of your work.   
Have fun.
@_date: 2019-09-13 06:40:50
Publishing is a part of the creative process, in my view.  
I stopped separating creativity and marketing / production because I want to get paid to be creative.   
This requires me to integrate publishing and shipping completed projects into my production cycle.   
This is just how I operate.
@_date: 2019-09-14 08:44:39
If you want more unsolicited advice -- just focus on one of those projects right now, and kill it / publish / tell people about it, then repeat.
That's my approach.
@_date: 2019-09-14 08:43:37
Cheers Zen Master.