@_author: ropyrisismot
@_date: 2014-02-16 18:39:17
Yes, they're aware of that.  You need to be good at the command line and comfortable running alpha stage software to play with Counterparty at this point.  But if you are, it's a pretty incredible system
And yes, they've got several GUI implementations on the way for folks who don't like the command line.
@_date: 2014-02-16 12:48:11
In addition to buying and selling through a centralized exchange (Poloniex), you can also buy and sell XCP using the decentralized Counterparty system itself.  That's the really cool part.
At the moment, there's only a command line client, but user-friendly GUIs are on the way.  But if you're comfortable with the command line, dive in and start buying and selling Counterparty and/or creating your own asset(s) to buy and sell on the distributed system that runs securely atop the Bitcoin blockchain.
By the way, I upvoted this because I think Counterparty is the most promising of the Bitcoin 2.0 techs, but I should mention the OPs "to the moon!" attitude (understandable though it is, and partly tongue-in-cheek) is pretty rare among the core community, and unheard of among the core devs. They're in this to create a very serious and capable distributed system for buying and selling assets and broadcasting asset-related data, not a speculative instrument (although it's obviously fine if people wish to speculate, as long as they realize it's speculation).
@_date: 2014-02-16 13:08:05
Yes, and that Turing-complete language is what worries me.  Building a secure sandbox for a Turing-complete language is a massive undertaking.  Building a secure sandbox for a Turing-complete language that's also a monetary instrument is...well, we'll see.
They've got a lot of talent, but we'll see what happens.  I'll be happy if they actually implement what they've planned.  It's an incredible idea.
Also, counterparty is the only Bitcoin 2.0 project that's launched with a working prototype instead of a long post on Bitcointalk, a wiki, or a white paper.