@_author: rorariirs
@_date: 2017-12-01 03:04:17
For sure! I'll do that tomorrow :)
@_date: 2017-12-01 02:22:21
I don't think this will work, but I know that if I don't comment on this I'll be left with the "what if" for the rest of my life.
My parents split up just over a year ago. Not to go in to too much family details, but my parents are both very broke at the moment. One of two of my cats has been sick for the past month or so with what I believe is a bad kidney infection? The cat has kidney stones that can *possibly* be partially dissolved with special cat food, which my Mom can't afford to buy because she's so broke. They're about $5ish per can.
The cat, Digit, has been recently peeing blood. My Mom has been making him some special home made food with natural ingredients. It isn't the medicine, but it's the most effort she can possibly put in to maybe help the cat. The only other option is surgery, which is about $500ish Canadian if I remember correctly, but she obviously doesn't have the money to afford that, especially when there is a chance that the cat won't even make it through the surgery. Taking the risk of surgery is definitely worth it though, since the only other option is getting him put down anyways.
Obviously Christmas is coming up, being 17, and never having a job in my life, I've never been able to buy my Mom (or Dad) any gifts. I know it isn't an organistation or anything, but I saw this post and this was the first thing that came to my mind. There would be no better Christmas gift than being able to tell her that I found some random stranger on the internet who is willing to pay for the surgery and potentially save Digits life!
Obviously it wouldn't take a whole bitcoin. It would probably only be about $300USD worth of a Bitcoin. If you are concrete that you want to donate only an entire bitcoin, then I could let you get in contact with my local Animal Hospital, and you can explain to them your donation, and how you'd like a portion of it to pay for the surgery. 
[Here is some proof](
I don't expect this to work of course because my cat isn't an organisation, but regardless, I appreciate you taking the time to read this!
Merry *(almost)* Christmas!
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:26:06
Haha yeah for sure! I do have a 13 year old sister, who was willing to put up her Christmas presents if it meant getting the cat surgery. As for the HODL posts, I put all of my money that I’ve got into Vertcoin and have been waiting to make a profit on it. It isn’t much though, only about $80 USD worth!
When BTC hit 11k, I sold all my vert because I liked the way BTC was looking. We all know where BTC is at now, I’m just hoping it goes back up! I haven’t checked, but i would estimate I probably lost 2 or 3 of my original 14 Vertcoin if I were to rebuy now. Rookie mistake!
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:11:17


@_date: 2017-11-29 03:46:07
History has been made folks!