@_author: rorlrkfirke
@_date: 2015-09-30 23:50:06
Mike Hearn has been making an absolute *ass* out of himself on the mailing list. I have a feeling XT supporters will downvote the shit out of this stuff since it makes Mike look bad.
Mike is trying to claim he coined the term SPV (it's in the original bitcoin whitepaper) to win arguments, he's injecting politics and unrelated technical issues into a discussion about a totally different BIP, being incredibly rude and using logical fallacies to attack other people's ideas and criticisms. He's leaving a pretty nasty legacy for himself: he practically never made a good contribution to Bitcoin Core, spent more time thinking of ways to subvert privacy and fungibility than preserving it, and now he's going out by being as toxic, non-constructive and hurtful to the community as possible.
Mike Hearn should just leave. Nobody wants you around, virtually nobody trusts you or your fork, and you have zero credibility left.
@_date: 2015-10-01 00:09:56
"centralized irc" you guys couldn't get any dumber... IRC is a conduit for social conversations, it wouldn't extend the already existing nature of a diffuse network graph by making irc "decentralized." He got himself banned from *a discussion*, he's free to have *a discussion* elsewhere and decide the terms of that discussion himself if he wishes.
It's sad that people like you jump on the "decentralization" buzzword when it works for you, but ignore the actual concept of decentralization when it matters *most*.
@_date: 2015-10-01 00:19:21
You were joking? You post pro-XT stuff all over, and then make a sarcastic remark that I eviscerated. No need to "lighten up", you can leave now though.
@_date: 2015-10-01 00:11:29
It makes so much sense now!
@_date: 2015-10-01 10:12:28
Sockpuppet? I use multiple reddit accounts and make new reddit accounts whenever I feel like it. I don't like using reddit in the first place and certainly don't like speaking on it with a single identity. I've been involved with bitcoin for years. That is irrelevant. Is there *any* crtique you can lodge against what I said based on merit? Or will you join Mike in lobbing fallacies against your opponents?
Anyone with even a passive amount of experience in Bitcoin-land will know Mike has had an awful reputation. Only recently has he achieved some sort of circlejerk-related respect from a small, vocal portion of the community. You cannot dispute this. I can find more threads of him trying to recommend ideas about how to ruin Bitcoin fungibility than you can find pull requests where he did anything more useful than adding comments. I'm sorry that you have to resort to bullshit accusations in order to make a point.