@_author: roseelise
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:07:13
Deflation is when the price of goods drops. Printing more money does not solve the issue. Because even if you print more money, the value of the currency will reach the same equilibrium.
If you have too many donuts, then donuts will always be worth less than having one piece of gold. Say you increase monetary supply, the gold is now more expensive (superficially) because there is more money, 2 dollars might look like an improvement but really it is not. Because everything else (except the donuts) is still worth the same amount for the exchanged tender.
As long as the supply is too strong, you will not fix the supply's value.
@_date: 2017-11-27 13:32:03
This debate never dies. Currency exists because it is easier to trade shoes for gold and gold for bandages than it is to offer shoes to the already well-shoed bandage maker.
It is an intermediary, its value is tied to the amount of it that exists (you can't get infinite gold), or tied to the value of the individual items it can be exchanged for (gross product).
It isn't about to just disintegrate, for as long as people respect that currency as the norm. If anything, national dissolution is the most threatening thing to a currency, as it gets replaced with whatever power comes to be in that country.
And then you have weird shit that arises like legal tender:
As long as the country's legal system recognizes it as a form of payment for damages then it will be unlikely to change. Why spend so much energy uprooting the existing currency when the one replacing it isn't that much better? Well.
Because it decentralizes power. The country holds power nationally over the exchange of goods, legal tender and the mint of the country or the main bank that prints money, in times of war, you can sometimes just print cash out of fucking nowhere which would otherwise be illegal.
An internationally recognized currency kind of prevents centralization of power, and specifically market regulation.
An interesting effect of inflation is that the party who has nothing has the most to gain in an inflating economy. A rich man suffers most. If the government started printing more money, and inflation occurred, then the riches that the person already acquired are worth less (if they're kept in legal tender).
This means they'll want to buy shit. Real goods don't depreciate as rapidly in value if you buy and store materials which do no perish, gold reserves are usually steady in times of uncertainty, but real estate is also good. Buying land is always going to be good, even if the market inflates, who cares? Your land is still going to reach a point where the effective value is the same or more as land reserves decrease.
Say I bought a small patch of grass for 2 Dollars now, the market inflates, if I had kept my 2 Dollars, I would be worse off, because the inflated price of the patch is now $2.20
Say the market deflates, and the price of goods massively decreases, it matters more now - but deflation is not as common. I think you have to diversify and pick goods which are usually more immune to market fluctuations, and land is by no means something which depreciates in value, so long as the world's population rises.
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:18:19
I agree with the food example and it is one of the long-term goals of the human race, however until then, anything which isn't essentially is affected.
I'm just telling you the value based on market supply. If farmers still want more money, for whatever reason, they'll stop growing grains and start growing more trendier products. I can't imagine that anything but total subsidization would end up freeing food.
@_date: 2017-11-28 04:56:41


Because it isn't valuable by way of being so common. Consider the water and diamonds example. Everyone might need water, but it just isn't as valuable as diamonds because it is so abundant.
Wholegrain suffers this, which is why farmers use cash crops until the other market stabilizes.
As more, newer technology comes out, previously expensive goods become redundant and easier to buy. It does not mean that these aren't net losses because of waste.
Things which don't depreciate are land, until land itself becomes de-privatized, which may never happen without serious revolutionary ideas (communism), and even then, it wont be made completely public. Borders are a hindrance in the modern age to most people, but they're not going away.
**Note, I would appreciate over-abundance in place of scarcity**
I think it is a shame that so many things are wasted whilst we still have world hunger.
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:56:26
Deflation doesn't happen because money gets scarcer. Deflation happens because of an overproduction of goods, it is very much supply side. The last period of famous deflation happened due to the introduction of the tractor, or was at least helped along by this.
Companies cannot move goods because they're worthless, sometimes it costs more to create the good than it sells for, so production will stop - all caused by deflation. Another example of deflation is oil pricing.
If a monopoly has more oil than their competitors, they can cause their competitors to tank by drilling for massive quantities of oil. The other companies cannot compete in that market and so the monopoly now has a better position.