@_author: rossryan
@_date: 2012-07-14 02:19:21
So...I take it they're running a PHP website with a MySQL database, and think they can learn security from a book?
edit: Nope, they appear to be running Ruby on Rails. No word on the MySQL database yet.
@_date: 2012-09-20 16:09:47
For the love of Bob, why? We've had like 5 dozen articles, to date, about how trusting online wallet service is a bad idea, and yet people still do it.
F*ck it. Send all of your coins to xfhr494r2h49r8u348ru3984u8, and I'll be sure to take care of them for you. It may seem like I have made off with all of your coins, but rest assured, they will be sitting safely in my wallet.
And if you think that service is pretty awesome, I have a large tower (scrap metal) in Paris that I am willing to sell you.
@_date: 2012-07-11 03:34:39
Excellent. And as soon as they activate this takeover, the masses will assume that the US has been hit with a nuclear weapon, and switch to survival mode. 
Like or not, the internet acts as a kind of heartbeat signal or deadman's switch that tells the populace that no matter how bad things are, it will all be okay. Cut out the lines of good communication, and every conspiracy theory ever dreamt up by a crack pot will receive absolute attention by normally fearless people. In the time it takes for them to realize their mistake, towns and cities will be on fire, and various cults / religions with weaponry will take it as proof that the anti-christ is among us / the time of the cleansing is at hand. 
World's dumbest power-grab, which will be backed up by all the chaos that comes with infinite stupidity. Some people just aren't born to rule, and these are them.    
@_date: 2012-09-30 16:54:08
The CPU is the GPU's gopher. "Get my work for me."
@_date: 2012-08-10 00:32:55
Dude, before they can move in to 'make things safe,' The People (TM) need to be taught that there is need for such a thing. Just another dime-store move for a cash grab, but they have to go through the motions.
And they will come for that cash. Busting pimply geeks with almost no upper-body strength, and a predilection for being outspoken about authority figures, is a LEO's wet dream come true; they finally get a chance to get back at all those weird bastards who studied math / science / whatever, who stole their high-school sweethearts (who accidentally got accepted to the same college; I mean, come on, it's not like smacking them around a few times would actually make them leave, would it? It's those bastards with the pocket protectors; in a proper society, they would be the ground these people would walk on).
And the best part? No (real) paper trail for the money. Just one of the smarter ones, who is running low of cash that month (the evidence locker, like the brass plates at church, are a little bare these days), doing a quick search for that 'wallet.dat' file before the data forensics guys show up. And if it's encrypted, so what? They have the 'terrorist' locked up in an interrogation room, and can easily work him over for 16-72 hours before the lawyer is called in. And the judge? Don't make them laugh. Your average judge knows as much about technology as a bobcat knows about skiing. Just mention that it's some 'anarchist faux currency,' and the judge will give you a wink, and sweep the whole thing under the rug. Again, this is the kind of person who could die from the inability to dial 911 on a cellular phone when the need arises.
Once The People (TM) are good and primed with The Right Information (TM), they look the other way, as they always do when the greatest crimes are committed. And good luck trying for a jury trial, as you know the concept of electronic money flies over the common person's head. You'd be better off with the Fed chairman and friends as the jury, if it came to that (and they hate competition).
I really do love the idea, though, of Mt. Gox hosting a high percentage of illicit activity. It sounds so...evil, especially if you forget the fact that you could get high scraping the drugs off a hundred $1 bills. You'd really need to ask yourself, how teh f*ck is it possible for all US currency in circulation for, I don't know, 6 months, to test positive for cocaine? And the best part is, the absolute show-stopper is, that there is NO PROOF / EVIDENCE of this 'high degree of illicit activity,' there are only accusations. But now, as in times past, sometimes an accusation is all that is needed to cause a general panic; someone hacked a Twitter account (A TWITTER ACCOUNT), owned in part by Syria, and posted some bad information, and that, that single post, was all that was needed to generate an upset in the oil market. And don't tell me that the financials people, the ones who got burned by that, don't want the responsible parties dead.    
@_date: 2012-08-20 22:51:34
They don't want to shut it down. They just want their 'take': it's kind of like that scene with Simba, where his father tells him that everything the light touches is his. Similar idea here: the groundwork has been laid, but the 'need' has not been invented yet. There has to be a public outcry for government to 'do something' about all the people getting their wallets pinched before they can claim justification for a (virtual) land grab. 
It's almost like all the people who are suddenly interested in BitCoin, are willing to buy a few thousand dollars worth, and yet not spend 5 minutes reading the basic tutorial on how to secure their wallets are a part of some larger scheme. What part of "treat it like your real wallet, there is no safety net if it gets stolen" do they not understand? Have them been so pampered in life that they think a superhero will come and rescue them every time they stub a toe?
@_date: 2012-10-12 03:27:22
Hmm. They do not appear to be aware of the difference between the Austrian school of economics, and that of the Chicago school. Got a bright future written all over that one.
@_date: 2012-09-30 20:38:16
Indeed. But the CPU is doing it on behalf of the GPU.
@_date: 2012-08-26 05:01:22
In a year or so, perhaps just the one, split among themselves. 
@_date: 2012-12-30 20:05:04
Fairly certain the source code is publicly audit-able, and that there are quite a few people out there monitoring it for defects. 
Slipping a trojan into the BitCoin-QT software is probably only slightly easier than slipping one into the Linux kernel itself. And once it's found out, you have a ton of people across the globe with a personal grievance against you: they know what you did...you're a marked man / woman.  
@_date: 2012-07-11 03:38:41
And the government has gotten too good at lying to itself. It can't disseminate its propaganda from reality, and it's nailing itself in the process. The libertarian part of me almost wants to cheer at this turn of events (as it will ultimately prove us right on many things), but the monarch in me realizes that people will suffer greatly before this is cleaned up, and people suffering = no peace for me, at the end of the day. 
@_date: 2012-10-03 18:12:11
And? You must believe that because the BBC receives its funding through a player tax that it is somehow immune to a certain giddiness when it comes to stories of interest. I imagine you also believe that the BBC has never made an error in reporting, and has never posted a retraction.
Now, knowing reddit, and examining the stars in the sky, if I am right, at least one person will believe that I have just insulted the BBC, and post a comment / downvote to show me how wrong I am about things, and how BBC is the greatest news broadcasting service (since it is not owned by any private hands nor government) ever, followed up by some crude insinuation about how (since it's an election year) I must be a Republican / Fox News watcher (you'd strike out on both). 
Mind you, I only said that the BBC makes the occasional error, I have an entire internet filled with retractions to back me up, and so on.  
 
@_date: 2012-10-27 21:51:23
I'd say less than 10%. People always imagine an unknown as bigger and closer than it actually is. 
@_date: 2012-09-06 14:42:33
'Tis a possibility. Now I am curious who is behind this all. 
@_date: 2012-10-10 07:52:10
Bah, everyone wants to be king. After a while, the terror wears off.
@_date: 2012-12-27 01:16:36
But did they mention Silk Road this time, or are they giving that a miss?
@_date: 2012-09-16 00:57:53
I know, right? They're putting a gun to the (global) market's head, and saying 'fix this or I'll shoot.' 
The general rule when dealing with something vastly more powerful that yourself is to, even in your throes of madness, attempt to give it a healthy dose of respect. That means that no matter how badly the Universe screws with you (and it will), you give the powerful players, whether good, neutral, or evil, a good tip of the hat and be mindful that they can squish you (or worse). Not that there isn't hypothetically some lea-way, it's just that when sanity catches its grip on you again, you need to reassert that you want to continuing living.
Personally, I prefer to view the market, particularly in this situation, as a big golden dragon. It's bigger than you, it's very capable of killing you, but it is not evil; you can learn a lot from it, and it's easier to befriend it than to try and command it. As per the Overlord List, when dealing with any magical or supernatural creature, it's worth treating it with kindness and respect, so that if something goes wrong, for whatever reason, it will not immediately seek revenge on you. 
The same behavior, mind you, that goes for any of the other supernatural or celestial beings -&gt; even if you don't believe in YHWH, it may serve you to treat him / her with the respect due to such a being, while keeping a certain level of mirth about you (lest your anxiety kill you). 
@_date: 2012-10-17 21:03:33
Matt Damon?
@_date: 2012-08-27 05:55:57
Surprisingly, there is such a market somewhere out there on Tor. Visited it once, mostly filled with kids trolling, or LEOs looking for people to arrest, but the market still exists. 
You'd be amazed what you can find on the Darknet, which is one of the reasons I am against some of the aggression that various govs have put forth in recent memory; their actions do the opposite of their intent. I suppose that doesn't make a whole lot of sense from a reason or logical stand-point, but experience teaches you that just because you can't think of a reason for something not to work, doesn't mean it will.  
@_date: 2012-09-09 12:50:37
BitCoins are semi-traceable (BitBlock Explorer, to see who is trading with whom), at which point you just need to put a name to those accounts. Can it be purely untraceable? Yes but that requires more than most people are willing to put up with.
As for illegal operations, it is no different than that of cash (the US Dollar). It's only because people are unaware of how much crime is committed with the US Dollar as the currency of choice that they would pass judgement on BitCoins. It also doesn't help that the press is staffed with gullible journalists, who simply express the views of their masters; I say this not of all of them, but of a significant number who, out of laziness or spite, focus purely on the possible vices of BitCoins, while skipping over its virtues. I am tired of reading articles that start with something to the effect of "BitCoins, the evil online anarchist crypto-facist currency that hackers, the people quietly watching you from your computer as you sleep, use to engage in gambling, buying drugs, human trafficking, underage porn, and undermining our glorious Republic (God bless Blue &amp; Red)...."  
Besides, BitCoin is a global currency. If the US does not wish to participate, that's fine, as it just means more money for the other countries who do. 
@_date: 2012-09-14 02:37:12
"We're going to burn $40 billion / month until the economy gets back on track!" -&gt; "The meetings will continue until some work starts getting done around here."
@_date: 2012-09-29 23:40:03
Yes, and no. See, the CPU becomes the GPU's bitch during GPU mining, because although the GPU can parallelize like a supercomputer, it's also waaay more basic than a regular CPU. So, the CPU handles prepping / feeding data into the GPU, and a host of other file / OS tasks.
So yes, in theory, if your CPU is slow enough or otherwise busy, it can stall the feeding cycle of the GPU. 
@_date: 2012-10-13 12:39:00
BitCoin charts?
@_date: 2012-08-26 04:59:49
Damn, for a second there, I thought it was a picture of pirate (got yo coinz hatas!). 
@_date: 2012-09-06 14:30:49
Would it be possible to get both sides engaged in a bidding war?
@_date: 2012-12-30 20:08:02
Actually, in the case of projects with high public interest, it does. 
I mean, it's not like you can just hop onto the dev team, add some trojan code, then push for an immediate release before anyone notices what's up. Releases are planned, and before something is released, programmers tend to go over everything with a fine-toothed comb; why? Because it's a release, not a beta. 
@_date: 2012-08-27 05:50:47
Seriously. Returns sound too good to be true? They probably are. 
If anyone could consistently yield returns of 7% per week, they wouldn't be using BitCoins; they'd be buying Wall St. as a stocking stuffer for one of their kids.
@_date: 2012-10-03 07:11:17
They can't help it, they are simply making too much money off of things as they are now. 
@_date: 2012-09-06 13:40:03
Indeed. It's now associated with a presidential election, and appears to confirm everything detractors have to say about it, while also highlighting the 'need' for more cyber-security (the military-industrial complex must be happy with this one) to combat these mysterious 'hackers' who despite knowing enough to steal the tax returns of some guy, apparently don't know that BitCoins are semi-traceable, BitCoins being the currency that they've demanded the ransom be paid in. In short, a continuance of the status quo if either is elected, with more civil liberties traded for false security and congressional subsidies.
It just doesn't sound right. It's too...political (read: loud-mouthed, belligerent, tiny-brained). A real cracker / hacker does things like a thief at midnight; which is why it's painful for them to be 'named.' Going after a presidential candidate, during an election year...is the equivalent of walking down Broad Street (any of them), shooting off fireworks, and wearing a t-shirt that says "Arrest me." Making noise is the exact opposite of what these people do. 
I mean, who teh f*ck in the cracking community announces their crime before actually pulling it off? Who announces it all, save a script-kiddy? And engaging in political chicanery? Since when do they take 'sides'? The programming elite are, by majority, libertarians, and see favouring one side over the other as a mistake. It's the equivalent of asking a golf player which NFL football team he likes; there is less distance between the moon and the earth, than between the R / Ds and libertarians. 
It's either a hoax, or a hired gun. I can see some idiot on an IRC channel being egged on by someone in a concrete building to 'prove his skills' by attacking such and such, with insider information to help things along being strangely available. Disposable weapons are the best kind of weapons, nee? 
@_date: 2012-09-20 19:12:02
You appear to be not alone. ;-)
@_date: 2012-09-06 14:05:51
(Replying to myself).
The more I read this, the less sense it makes. What cracker physically breaks into an accounting form, and decides that publicly blackmailing a presidential candidate for a million is worth more than privately and quietly placing a remote-control on the servers to redirect a few tens of millions to a bank account in a country that does not have an extradition treaty with the US? It's like breaking into a bank to rob the ATM out front. I don't even.
So, the motivation isn't money. Assuming it isn't a hoax, it's political stupidity.
@_date: 2011-08-17 19:14:54
Do most people know what a GPU is? No. Do they care to learn? No. Nothing will convince them that a PC is anything more than an appliance. 'Tis not how I see computers, but I imagine it's how they are viewed by the populace.
Though those people with higher end systems will probably notice the GPU hashing like mad, just because there are probably a fair number of techs who invest in more powerful machines.
I have a nice system, and I've been watching the CPU/GPU lately and wondering if something is going on myself. GPU is showing a flatline today, but a day or so ago, I could hear the fans running when no other programs were open. And the funny part is, the GPU was running at 30% of capacity, and just staying there. If I were writing a stealth client, I'd do the same; it's not enough to trigger fans on most machines, but then I have these VisionTek things and the side of the case off, so I can hear minute changes.  
@_date: 2011-06-14 16:59:01
A surprisingly good idea. Up-voted. 
@_date: 2011-06-11 14:04:15
Large amount for sale at $20, even larger amount at $23.49.
@_date: 2011-06-25 17:19:28
24 hours turn around time.
@_date: 2011-06-23 05:13:33
Plus the part where the largest BitCoin exchange on the internet decided that PHP was the programming language of choice for secure, monied transactions...
@_date: 2011-06-14 16:53:11
The "organization" is probably made up of programmers with normal day jobs, who enjoy loling every once in a while. 
Their assets are probably nothing more than a regular laptop and basic programming knowledge. It's not like they're the f*cking mafia or some remote terrorist organization, which needs uber resources for their agenda.
Quit confusing a bunch of high school kids screwing around with an attack on the homeland. Sheesh.   
@_date: 2011-05-28 04:11:21
I'm actually tempted to go open a European bank account for that reason. I'm not particularly fond of the euro, as I tend to see it as having similar problems to that of the dollar. But I am half-tempted to open one, and put some money into it just to see what happens.
But then all this work with faxing documents, informing the IRS and various government agencies that you have cash abroad, etc. kind of sours it all for me. Like I want them knowing that I am probably going to drop my citizenship, or have the bank account numbers to freeze my funds because of terrorism or taxes or whatever bullshit they are selling this week. 
Someone find me a (lol) decent European bank that has enough sense to turn down US demands (for basically anything), does not require me to be in Europe physically to open the account, and has the good sense to profit off the interest my account generates, rather than finding new ways to nickle and dime me. Honesty and trustworthiness to the customer is key here. If I put a chip with 50,000 BitCoins into their safety deposit box, that box had better stay shut until I decide otherwise. No random government searches of that box, because no. 
Between the Swiss having proven themselves untrustworthy recently (they now tattle on you to Uncle Sam), and the British going through your safety boxes (and taking everything of value, requiring you to fill out a form to get back your money / valuables after one of their raids), I am starting to feel like a Jew during the rise of the Third Reich. I can see my civil liberties being trampled, my property being compromised / stolen, and feeling the noose tighten around my neck.
I'm just waiting for the day I come home to find all the drawers and cabinets thrown open, my couch cushions and my bed mattress ripped apart, and an ATF / FBI / CIA / IRS agent pointing a gun at me, screaming "WHERE'S THE MONEY!"
@_date: 2011-05-31 19:39:03
Trying to figure how far the difficulty must have gone up for a wait that long. Counting powers of 2 with the fingers.
@_date: 2011-06-03 20:44:47
Or as an experiment.
@_date: 2011-08-09 01:21:31
Depends what you are trying to do with it.
And yes, Vista was a PITA.
What do you want to do with it?
@_date: 2011-06-27 03:13:06
BitCoins -&gt; Never an overdraft. 
We can do this.
@_date: 2011-07-02 21:44:08
[02/07/2011 17:41:49] FATAL kernel error: Failed to load OpenCL kernel!
@_date: 2011-06-06 00:37:14
Well, I have to agree with you on the point that the announcement about Silk Road is going to feed those products of intellectual incest, journalists, with a tasty morsel that they would be crazy not to eat. In the absence of a car accident or a police shootout, drugs are the next best thing. It doesn't matter that Silk Road basically didn't exist for 99.99999999999999% of the BitCoin community, until someone started publishing this story. The 'connection' between BitCoins and Silk Road is largely illusory, in much that same sense that there exists a connection between the US Dollar and the South American drug trade. But given a choice to destroy a market they can't control or leave it alone, your favorite congress critters will op for destruction every time.
Of course, the timing is interesting here. A new market suddenly becomes known to various people upstairs, but only in conjunction with some bad press. Additionally, it appears that only the bad aspects are being highlighted, with a very tenuous link. Then again, people are perfectly rational actors, so it's not like there would be a sudden sell-off at bargain prices of a hot new currency, because they would think that with this recent bad news, it would be time to get out of the market. Nor would someone be waiting to snatch up this currency at its suddenly much lower price. That never happens on Wall St., and with the recent influx of some of the various groups from there, it's not like they would be testing the waters here. Nope, couldn't happen here.
A sudden ramp up in price, followed by some bad news, followed by a sudden sell-off. Hmmm. It's not that this news did not exist several days before...but now it appears that it's being...for lack of a better term...promoted.
@_date: 2011-06-10 04:45:48
1.) Assume for the moment you are being investigated by a 3-letter agency. They know that you favor ATMs over tellers, and that you prefer a particular ATM nearby for cash withdrawals. They think you are involved in {illicit activities worth actually investigating}. The serial number on every dollar bill is [unique]( 
Maybe they are on a fishing expedition (you sold some drugs to a friend, who fingered you. You're not the dealer, but you know who is, and they want to find who's the dealer's dealer, and so on). They know you place orders at ~7-11 PM when you are feeling it, and then run out to the ATM on the corner, and withdrawal $40-300. A car arrives usually around 1 AM, you get in, the car drives around the block, you get out. 
Since we are dealing with 3-letter agencies, which for the sake of argument we will say are after bigger fish (they will get b*tch-slapped by their superiors for bringing in anyone less than a drug lord, something about wasting agency resources). They don't want you (they will take you, but presumably they are more interested in having you cop a plea, than in hitting you with the full Monty. Can't get you to testify against your drug lord if the two of you remain silent, and they want him more than you. Rarely, they are willing to let you off in exchange for testimony, but don't count on it). 
So, like in an air-tunnel test where they use smoke to find vortexes, they want to find this drug lord, but getting to him by snatching up the drug dealers under him could take forever, and he might notice something is wrong. To get to him, a faster, easier method is to place a scanner at your ATM. Have it scan every bill's serial number as it's being dispensed, and make note of the bank account (i.e. who is withdrawing money). Since they now have a list of the serial numbers of the bills you just withdrew from your account, they tell the banks to look for those serial numbers when someone deposits money. If there's a match, they make note of it. The more bills that you spend on drugs, the more matches.
So, you (Bob) give your dealer (Rob) $100 for an ounce of weed. Your dealer spends $30 of that on gas + food. He then combines that money with the money he got from his other clients ($700), and he orders up some more product from his supplier (John). His supplier sells him a box of weed for $770. John, your drug dealer's supplier, then spends a night on the town, hitting up a club and spending some of that cash; he might even get lucky, and get laid. Anyway, Monday rolls around, and John needs to get himself some more product, to keep supplying his clients. So he calls up the local drug lord, who gets shipments in every Wednesday, and offers to buy a crate of weed for the $120 he got from your dealer + $10,000 he has from his other clients. He drops off $10,120 to the drug lord, who being financially-wise, puts $300 in his bank account.
Only $20 from the original money you withdrew makes it to the drug lord. However, since you keep buying drugs, every other time you buy, one of those $20 bills makes it to the drug lord's bank account. And the bank, which is watching for certain serial numbers, notices that there are a lot of $20 bills going from you to one of their clients. 
At some point way off in the future, after the 3-letter agency has been notified about this connection, when phones have been tapped, and surveillance footage taken, some people knock at your door (local PD, or g-men), who invite you in for an interview. They will probably ask you all sorts of questions, with a list of the right answers in their hand. They will ask you about your connection to your drug dealer, and offer you (bad) advice. They are allowed to lie to you, and they will do so. And at some point, they will make things very dark, by pointing out that they have evidence to put you away, and that the only way out is to testify.
Anyway, the connection is made through those serial numbers, which as they were dispensed, were tied to your account. It's relatively easy to filter out the bills that went to everyday items, and those that went to the drug lord. 
That's for plain old USD. For BitCoins, if you link a bank account (buy BitCoins with your debit card, etc.) with your BitCoin address, people can probably get that information with a warrant. Your transactions, with BitCoins, are public. Your information about who you are, at that address, is private. You want to remain anonymous? Buy BitCoins from local exchangers, and never link your bank account with your BitCoin address. Yes, you can generate new addresses, and yes, this is an oversimplification, but just using BitCoins does not guarantee anonymity.
2.) Unregulated in the market sense. Essentially, the BitCoin market is a very free market. A real one. 
This is good, in the sense that the price of BitCoins is free to float up or down, according to supply and demand. Almost classical economics here. This makes BitCoins a very sought after currency, because it's free from political gaffes and central bank whoopsies. See our economy as to what happens when politicians and central bankers think they can save the country by inflating the money supply. Just a mess. 
This is bad, in the sense that anyone who is currently profiting from the current economic crisis is suddenly having their power taken away from them. If you were a central banker, and you could print as much money as you wanted, at no cost to yourself, only to wake up one day, and find that the people were shifting to an alternate currency where you couldn't print as much as you wanted (actually, you couldn't print any money, because this currency doesn't use a printing press), wouldn't you be pissed? Your money, your livelihood, is suddenly going up in smoke. You either have to corrupt this new currency in such a way that that you can start using your printing press again, or you need to find a way to outlaw it, so everyone is forced to keep using your currency, which lets you keep using your printing press. 
If you're a politician, one of your goals is to make things happen without being nailed for something unpopular. The people wants services, but they don't want to pay for them? Call your friends at the central bank, and have them print money. This causes the currency to depreciate in value, because supply of dollars just went up, while demand remained constant. Essentially, it's a stealth tax, used when you can't pass a tax increase for political reasons. Which is why politicians hate the idea of not having central banking: if the people want services, and the politicians don't have the money, they will have to tell everyone their taxes are being raised. No more stealth taxes, only the loud, angry kind.
@_date: 2011-06-13 05:35:28
Perhaps they are just trying to create another (fear) stampede. Remember, there is no law against BitCoin currency manipulation (as of right now, to the best of my knowledge). BitCoins may be worth $20, but with a few thousand posts about 'bubbles' and 'over valuations,' combined with some tactical misinformation, they can temporarily drop the price. I wouldn't be surprised there were some Google bombs for BitCoins + sell this past week. 
@_date: 2011-09-01 19:32:01
And yet, sadly, having a small pocketful of this currency, I suddenly care about currencies in general, as well as investment strategies, and so on.
Well, maybe that's not completely true. I cared about macroeconomics for quite some time, but haven't spent the time needed to really focus on my own spending / saving. Having a ledger with this program is kind of handy, and in a way, is teaching me to care, because it's my 'money.'
Yes, I'll leave it as that.
@_date: 2011-05-30 02:35:48
The hash we are working with is our own hash, correct? Where are we getting this value from?
I think it's starting to make sense. We start with nonce initialized to some value (0, or max), and keep incrementing or decrementing the nonce, with each iteration of a loop. A function within the loop calls a SHA 256 function that tries to create a hash with the current nonce, and then checks if what it has created is below the target level.
What about extra nonce time? Came across some reference to this. 
@_date: 2011-06-13 19:00:08
BitCoins have been around for how long? Maybe a few years?
Compared to the US Dollar? Which has been around for two centuries, in one form or another?
There was a time in the history of the world when US currency was seen as 'funny money.' Do you know why it's called the dollar, and not the pound (despite many former colonies of the time being of British origin)? Because in an effort to lend legitimacy to the fledgeling currency, someone hit upon the idea of mentally tying the[ Spanish dollar with our own]( 
'Tis not a zero-sum game any more than the USD or GBP is a zero-sum game. Wealth is created and destroyed, and for someone to gain does not mean someone else needs to take a loss. Nor does someone taking a loss mean that someone else gained.  
If I perform $100 worth of work for someone, and am paid in BitCoins, have you lost anything?
The problem you are struggling with is seeing BitCoins as another currency. For anyone who has lived with a monolithic currency system, it takes some time to understand what a currency actually is, because your own home-grown definition is kind of a tautology. I.e. BitCoins are not a currency because a currency is the USD which BitCoins are not. You can always tell when you're having this problem because you don't think of something in terms of the currency you're interested in, but only in terms of the exchange rate of your native currency.
BitCoins are kind of hugely popular with the IT / CS / SE / DM crowd. If I had the option of performing work in BitCoins or USD, I'd choose BitCoins. The first websites that can provide jobs to these people, contract / gig-based, strictly short-term (at first, I imagine) with payments in BTC, are going to find out just how large the demand for BTC are.
If I build a web application, or design a new microchip for you, and you are based in Taiwan, and I am in the US, I am going to HATE dealing with the current currency exchanges (whatever Taiwan's currency is -&gt; US dollar). Why? Because every bastard along the way is going to take a relatively largish piece of it. Then I have to report it as taxable income.
But if it's in BTC, I might be able to claim it as a capital asset. Which drops the tax rate very nicely, plus I don't have to worry about the Taiwanese government or US government doing something stupid the day of you would pay me (US currency default? the dollar drops, and my paycheck is now worth a bowl of ramen). 
In the event that the US government screws up, if I have enough BTC currency, I can just exchange it for Euros or Pounds, and take a prolonged working vacation in another country until the US either fixes their sh*t or not. If I have that currency in USD, I will never get out of the country alive. 
$1000 may not be enough for an airline ticket to Europe or Asia, if the USD currency drops enough because of the government defaulting. It may be $100000 after inflation. And since I am stuck in the US, it's not like US companies are suddenly going to start paying me in other currencies (they know I am trapped), so they will transfer in money from overseas, taking advantage of the new, favorable exchange rate, and I will end up working for peanuts. After all, USD is legal tender for all private and public debts within it's borders, so even if it's worth nothing, you are required by law to accept it. You might want to leave for someplace where the currency is saner, but from their perspective, that just means they are losing a slave, and they can't have that. Maybe if you accumulate enough currency over the next 40 years, you might have enough money to let your children see what another country looks like.
500 BTC, however, may be enough for a an airline ticket elsewhere. If I transfer that to an Asian / European company who handles airline vouchers, I can still get out of the US, even if the dollar is inflating at a hundred-fold an hour. They convert 500 BTC to £7000 locally, buy a ticket from the US to the EU, and make sure my name is on it. 
I grab my laptop + clothes, and arrange for a vacation for a few weeks in yonder country. While I'm there, I use the internet to continue business. If things settle down (lol, unlikely), I can chalk it up as a nice, but expensive vacation. If not, I'm going to be filling out the citizenship change forms and hiring the best lawyer money can buy to make that happen posthaste.  
Finally, to get back on topic, all currency systems are proxies. A currency is typically, in short, a form of stored (mental / physical) labor, kind of like a battery; a battery in of itself has no charge (a currency is worth zero), until someone charges it up (performs some form of labor to give it worth). What you are seeing with other currencies and BitCoin right now is basically someone is transferring energy from one battery to another. This is giving BitCoin an initial charge, which can help kick-start the process of currency acceptance and growth. While gold has a function outside of being a currency (it doesn't corrode, so it's good for the ends of electrical contacts, and silver is fricking awesome for conductivity), the USD doesn't have any worth beyond that of the cotton / ink that makes it up. I guess with a few thousand US dollar bills I could make a pair of pants out of that cotton, but f*ck. BitCoins are based off of hashes, so, even more fun with that one. 
The weirdest part is that BTC are somewhat more liquid in many respects that other currencies, which coupled with its deflationary policy, makes it super attractive.
@_date: 2011-07-03 00:39:50
Wxpython had no effect. ^_^
@_date: 2011-09-12 20:03:01
Seriously, I'd donate if they'd move to a different programming language. PHP can do anything my ass. 
And I should know, I spent a fair portion of my weekend keeping the squirrels in their cages (CalDav project in PHP, and my other options were not better at the time). This is going to sound weird, but I'm from the school of computer thought that if a program is going to f*ckup, I want it to crash, HARD, right then and there. I want it to die, so I know it's broken (really broken), so I can find the bug and fix it. Quantum bugs (they're half there, half not) and Heisenberg bugs (it's not a bug until you observe it) are a bane of CS people. 
Crash the trading program, so you can halt trades, and fix the error before it propagates. Don't wait until the bug 'becomes a problem' to deal with it. You'd think with your bank account tied to the program, you'd be a little more careful.
PHP is why computer people can't have nice things. The pattern of these constant problems is borderline evil, as I am no longer chalking it up to sheer incompetence.  
@_date: 2011-06-12 04:30:27
Hmm. Maybe, maybe not.
The price continues to slide, down to $11 now. I'll be surprised if BitCoin survives at the rate this is going. Meanwhile, we have more miners out there than can reasonably be supported by these prices. Their response to BitCoin crashing is to buy more hardware, to mine even more BitCoins.
Bad news with Dwolla, bad news with Mt. Gox apparently not being to handle volume, bad news with the creator of BitCoin speaking publicly of supporting government interference in BitCoin transactions, and Silk Road being both blasted through every media outlet and being closed for the weekend.
Monday will be interesting. The people at Mt. Gox have got to be watching this currency slide and throwing darts at a board, trying to guess if / when it will stop. While some people may be feeling smug about the drop in current prices, they could well continue into the kinds of territory where the market essentially runs on empty. 
Of course, it's the weekend after a f*cked week, so I'll wait until Monday to decide what I am going to do.
@_date: 2011-06-10 16:58:27
Makes you wonder how much money is tied up in Dwolla right now. They charge a fixed price of $.25 per transaction right? Which is different from the other exchangers, who want a percentage. I imagine that would make Dwolla fairly popular, and a problem with them could temporarily affect the BitCoin Market.
Is the problem one of sending, receiving, or both from between Mt. Gox and Dwolla?
In either case, how many people are waiting with pending transactions?
@_date: 2011-06-10 03:38:00
Rofl. Nice.
But to do this justice, you need to get it published on another news site, and make up some charts to go with it. Mention that BitCoins suffer from something odd, like 'Care Bear Syndrome,' then tell people why that's bad, and why they should sell for 2/3rds what they bought their BitCoins for. Or alternatively, that Osama Bin Laden considered trading in BitCoins, and anyone who uses it is considered by DHS to be a terrorist. If you can post a video of someone being picked up by two suits with helicopter sunglasses and driven away in a Crown Vic, that might do it.
Mind you, before posting that, you should transfer a few thousand into Mt. Gox, then put in a standing order to buy everything at a predetermined price. Figure, 8-12 hours for it to disseminate throughout the news network, and maybe 72 hours for its maximum effect.
@_date: 2011-07-03 02:28:58
C:\Users\Ryan\Downloads\phoenix-1.50\phoenix-1.50&gt;python phoenix.py
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "phoenix.py", line 26, in &lt;module&gt;
    from twisted.internet import reactor
ImportError: No module named twisted.internet
Not quite "No module named pyopencl"
@_date: 2011-06-14 16:55:33
Agreed. And you don't really know if they are working for themselves, or on behalf of a third party. Contracting out Botnets for DDOSing is quite popular, or so I've heard.
@_date: 2011-06-20 04:47:39
Perhaps. But all those transactions will be rolled back, the stolen BTC will probably be replaced out of pocket by Mt. Gox, and larger   exchanges like NASDAQ has suffered worse and survived.
Still, the Mt. Gox people need to stop drinking, and do something about their business / security model. Last week it was Dwolla &amp; all special forms of API stupidity, this week it's users with weak passwords, not properly encrypted dbs, and financial auditors getting their own computers hacked.
Mt. Gox has already used up their get out of jail free card last week. This time they probably have to pay (to make things right), and next time those damages will be $ignificant. 
It's bad enough that some *cough* day-traders *cough* people have been flooding the media with misinformation in an attempt to pwn the market (drop the BTC price); but this security nonsense needs to stop.
I am not opposed to day-traders, short-selling, or anything of the like. If anything, they are teaching the BTC users something that people on Wall St. miss out on: learning to control that panic "Sell Sell Sell" attitude, and that people can and will misinform you for a very small profit. However, escalating this game to hacking people's accounts is a f*cking felony. And while they traced the account to HK, the computer there could just be a relay for someone at home.
@_date: 2011-07-27 15:29:04
Indeed. They made $40,000 in additional revenue this quarter, at the cost of $1.6 million several quarters later. 
But it's nice to know the stupid people are removing themselves from the money-makers early on. Saves the rest of us a lot of hassle.
@_date: 2011-07-04 01:39:01
Intriguing. 
@_date: 2011-06-12 04:10:57
Exactly. A ridiculous number of trades for a currency priced so low.
@_date: 2011-05-30 03:06:21
You and kanzenryu have been the most helpful here. Reply with your BitCoin address to receive a reward of 0.5 BitCoins.
@_date: 2011-05-30 16:56:43
To be honest, I haven't decided exactly which language to re-implement this in. I have several in mind, but for my efforts, I'd like to see some performance gain. 
The options being discussed elsewhere are kind of on my mind. See, GPUs are the best option most people have available to them. But a few jumps in difficulty, and your ATI Radeon 5870 is now returning .5 BTC / day, instead of 2 BTC / day. Which means you either need make your current client faster, get more hardware, or get a new client. 
So, what do you do? I am considering switching to the Phoenix client, but I hear it's kind of buggy, and I don't want to babysit it in case it breaks. Making the current client more efficient seems a good idea, but you can only go so far there. Buying new hardware seems the best idea, but that money can run out and Amazon / NewEgg can't keep video cards in stock long enough to avoid a week delay. Which means by the time you receive the new cards, the difficulty will have gone up enough that you've lost half your generating capability.
So, you need to explore other options. I have a FPGA kit (leftover from another project), and having reviewed the cost / benefit ratio, I am not sure it's the way to go. Even sending the chip plans to China, and having them actually build the chip probably won't do much for a return. So, what about clustering? A fine idea, but then you need to take into account that the CPU is somewhat useless, unless something changes. 300 headless machines, with 8-core processors, still cannot compare to a handful of servers stacked with GPUs.
So, with cost / benefit in mind, I am left with two options. One, implement a miner in a new language, and see if I can't eek out some more performance (a short term gain), and two, seeing if I can't shrink the key space  to the point that a CPU may be competitive again. I have a fairly disastrous idea how I might achieve number two (don't ask), but it's just understanding the algorithm (I have never done any real crypto, so it's an entirely new world to me) that I am struggling with. 
If and when I understand part one, I'm going to try part two. And trust me, it's a realllllllllllllly bad idea, that even I don't think will end well (it probably won't work at all, and even if it did, it will probably end up with much worse performance that we are currently getting); however, I've been finding that a lot of really bad ideas I have been having lately are panning out, so I'd like to give it the old college try before running the credit card through the cash register at Amazon / NewEgg again.    
@_date: 2011-06-15 20:25:29
Does anyone maintain an index of sites using BitCoins / offering BitCoin related services?
It's kind of trial and error finding these sites, as sometimes you come across a few links, and sometimes not. I think we need a BitCoin search engine.
@_date: 2011-05-30 04:13:16
Payment sent.
@_date: 2011-07-01 18:12:15
Actually it would be nice if someone like Trillian would accept BitCoins.
They keep bugging me to upgrade to pro, but I am not handing out my card information at anymore people than I have to.
@_date: 2011-06-21 20:10:52
I do. I see it as a basket currency, that makes up for any immediate instability in any individual currency, and potentially safer if one of those currencies should drop off the face of the earth.
While the majority of the trading is to and from USD for right now, there are many other exchanges dealing in other currencies, and their volumes are rapidly growing.
@_date: 2011-05-18 17:34:27
If they manage to knock enough pools offline long enough, the difficulty of the blocks will drop. 
@_date: 2011-09-11 04:35:54
He has to do something keep his readership up. It's a rough economy out there.
@_date: 2011-06-06 02:57:19
To be honest, given the sheer number of lawyers in congress, and the lack of scientists / engineers, these senators probably have no earthly idea what BitCoin is. While lawyers tend to be very intelligent, they are not usually up to speed on the latest in technology, and as senators, they have pages + "friends" to fill them in on the important issues. 
It'll take several months, or years, for the proper information to filter through to them, and even then, only the particularly bright ones (or the ones who really want to earn some money) will attempt to understand this currency. So much easier to transfer funds to your Cayman island bank account when can use a microchip as small as your thumb, then having to fill suitcases with money (which always raises suspicion, plus you need a lot of them and some people to help carry them on and off your private jet, and that costs money), or trying to send that money over the existing system (like the FBI isn't going to care that you have transferred $7,000,000 to an offshore account, either all at once, or in small, monthly increments). The FBI gets your account numbers as well, when they notice that large transfer, so good luck keeping that money.
If I were a US Senator, I'd probably have spent half my career trying to find a way to get my...earned income...into a safe retirement account, preferably in a place that's relatively sunny, with beaches and girls. Like the temporary repeal of the Gift tax, a while back, if I'd noticed BitCoin and its potential, I'd probably be sending the FBI, CIA, NSA, and IRS on as many wild goose chase assignments as I could possibly think of, just to keep them away long enough for me to make a few trips to the islands. I'd make finding some kid's stolen bike their top priority for the next 6 months, even if I had to steal and hide the kid's bike myself.   
Nixon: Listen here, missy. Computers may be twice as fast as they were in 1973, but your average voter is as drunk and stupid as ever. The only thing that's different is me; I've become bitter, and let's face it, crazy over the years. And once I'm swept into office, I'll sell our children's organs to zoos for meat, and I'll go into people's houses at night and wreck up the place. Muahahaha! 
@_date: 2011-07-02 20:08:35


All of them are already installed. ;-)
All AMD64, all built for Python 2.7, all actually from that very repository, with the exceptions of Zope.interface (from the egg), and Decorator, which I used easy_install to install.
@_date: 2011-06-15 20:22:08
Maybe someone really needed to purchase a kidney.
@_date: 2011-06-26 23:49:52
Their consistent focus on short-terms gains is a constant source of annoyance to us all. F*cking the customer for a few extra bucks does not pay off as well as you might think.
Imagine a bank with $30 overdraft fees. Imagine a low-income (college student) getting f*cked by them. Imagine this student eventually graduating. Now, what kind of opinion do you think this graduate is going to have of your bank? What's the likelihood of him / her keeping you as his / her bank when they start rolling in it?
Stupid is as stupid does.
@_date: 2011-06-14 06:16:14
Sadly, I had been considering Russia, if only because I know someone who speaks Russian + the favorable BitCoin exchange rate. 
The real showstopper was the weather. I like it 100 degrees F in the shade, and maximum humidity. Which rules out a large amount of the earth, with the exceptions of tropical islands, Africa, South Asia, or South / Central America. 
If I can't find a pineapple or mango by just walking out my back door, I would be unhappy. More so if there isn't a beach.  
@_date: 2011-06-01 20:46:17
3XXX  OpenCL Not Supported.
In general GUIMiner uses OpenCL (ATI/AMD) or CUDA (Nvidia) to do its mining. According to the above chart, the 3000 series does not support OpenCl. That is, OpenCL not OpenGL.
My recommendation? Buy a new video card, two of them if you really want to earn some money. Make sure they are ATI/AMD, and get the ones with the highest hash rates. Then make sure you use those flags they list, as it can amount to an extra 100 Mhashes/sec, in a race where every extra Mhash/sec counts.
A 5970 or a 6990 is probably what you want. Difficulty is increasing every week (almost doubling), so what may seem like a cost-effective solution today will be useless tomorrow. My Radeon 4870s are almost not worth the electricity that they use for mining, and my Radeon 5870s are just barely hanging on.
@_date: 2011-07-02 03:54:52
I don't think you understand the gravity of the situation.
@_date: 2011-06-08 17:41:40
Hmm. Bubble, perhaps, but not a classical bubble. Again, we aren't using an inflationary currency with an easy money policy, so the typical boom / bust cycle probably doesn't apply here. 
Without those false signals and a preordained time in the future when the policy is changed for a (lol) "soft landing," the regular supply and demand signals should be working almost within their original theoretical design. That's something you haven't seen in maybe 100 years? Increased demand, decreased demand, increased supply, decreased supply, and an online market that's open 24/7. Should be able to turn almost on a dime (in a good way).
It would take an act of Congress to f*ck things up, and an act of the CIA (and one of their submarines they use for fiber splicing) to damage this market. Even then, it'll probably only screw up the US market, and only temporarily.
@_date: 2011-09-19 16:16:41
It's not the breaking of SHA2 that would cause a crash, but its announcement and misuse that would result in a crash.
If someone were to quietly sit on a broken algorithm for the next 30 years, no one would be wiser.
If misused, someone could print BitCoins at will. The effect would the same as rampant inflation. This also assumes that they would dump the BitCoins on the open market for whatever price they can fetch. There are people right now, with a huge number of GPUs, who are doing something similar (the dumping part), in that they sell off the BitCoins as soon as they are generated.
But you'd have to find someone rare to not make those kinds of missteps.  
Essentially, it's the effect of having complete control of a central banking system, or the effect of a philosopher's stone on the gold market. The market operates on the basis of scarce resources, supply and demand. If you suddenly increase the quantity of supply, the quantity of demand will drop. Of course, if you had a real philosopher's stone, the markets wouldn't know how to match you. The ability to create something on demand would probably result in a transition to a true 'information economy.'
@_date: 2011-05-16 19:26:44
Perhaps not. But a 5% gain over your competition, especially if you have multiple miners, is an appreciable gain.
@_date: 2011-06-11 13:56:41
Big order at $18.45.
@_date: 2011-07-03 00:33:56
Holding tight. ;-)
@_date: 2011-09-11 03:46:54
If you mean designing websites or performing translation services for money is illegal, yeah, sure. 
But when I studied contract law at university, it wasn't. 
@_date: 2011-06-11 18:28:57
Hmm. I was reading an article the other day about how some people are auto-trading. They create BitCoins and sell them immediately for the market price.
@_date: 2011-06-13 05:23:00
Not necessarily. You have essentially two consenting parties here. Provided the deal is not illegal, the details do not necessarily need to be published.
Dark pools exist in many markets, BitCoin certainly did not invent them. I imagine that they are typically used for takeover events.
Suppose I am Apple, and I want to takeover Foxconn. If I go through the regular pools, Foxconn might see the takeover coming. If they see it coming, they might try any number of defenses. Anything from the Pac-Man defense to Scorched Earth. I would end up wasting huge amounts of shareholder money on a takeover which would become much costlier than the company's actual worth. In the end, our shareholders will be pissed, and both company's reputations damaged.
There's nothing 'shady' about dark pools, despite their name, they exist in much the same sense as the regular pools, they're just a lot quieter (and potentially larger). The price on them can be the same as regular pools, or it could be lower, or it could be higher. In general, the dark pool price will remain similar to the regular pool price. Someone might negotiate a lower price for a large order (a discount), or if they are in a hurry, they might pay a premium. 
This is less "hiding things from Joe Schmoe," and more about making large acquisitions possible. In principal, the market isn't Mt. Gox; the market is anywhere where a trade is occurring. Mt. Gox is 'a' market; it's not 'the' market.  
@_date: 2011-06-15 20:54:29
Because he's convinced that it's a fad, like Napster or Flooze.
@_date: 2011-06-14 18:35:59
Well, just to clarify what I said earlier, some people may be purchasing access to Botnets specifically for DDOSing BitCoin operations, with the idea of getting a ransom out of the site operator, dropping the difficulty of the current blocks, dropping BitCoin's price, slowing BitCoin's adoption among the uninitiated, or interference in general. It need not be the people who created the Botnets who have an agenda, but are working on behalf of a paying customer. This customer could be anyone, but given that I doubt they are doing this for the lulz, it narrows things down to probably someone who is looking for profit. If I ran an international financial firm, and I was interested in getting into a new market for almost nothing, I'd hire someone to break that market until I could own it for the change in my pocket.
Acceptance of BitCoin may happen for several reasons: 1.) transferring money from one country to another, independent of the standard tollbooths and intermediaries, is probably going to be madly popular among every major corporation / firm, 2.) BitCoin's worth, for now, is somewhat tied to a basket of international currencies, which may make it very stable, provided all those currencies do not tank at the same time, 3.) done properly, transactions can be relatively anonymous, 4.) taxes may be avoided or greatly lessened (if you only have to pay a capital gains tax, instead of the standard corporate income tax), etc.
There are more reasons, but I think I've made a good opening argument.
The only two immediately possible downsides worth mentioning right now are that 1.) you really need to make backups of your wallet file a common occurrence (and keep it safe), 2.) if you lose your money, it's probably gone forever. 
And just for fun: 3.) you will want to make sure the IT / CS guy (CIO) running technical operations in your company is both competent and well-paid. As well paid as your CFO, since the two of them will be spending a lot of time together, and they might start comparing salaries / stock options, and you really don't want the guy who is in charge of safeguarding and facilitating your money transfers to be thinking about his money troubles (paying the mortgage this month) when he should be focusing on yours (getting that money into Taiwan in time to buy their stock of new microchips before anyone else can grab them). Priorities, people, priorities.
If the help is well-payed, you never have to worry about missing silverware. Or however that old statement goes. You pay not necessarily their worth, you pay them to care about your worth. Like, "lie awake at night and obsess over that one ip address that was port scanning your firewall" kind of care. Like "take a bullet for you" kind of care. Relying strictly on nickle and dime-ing everyone under your command + making everyone easily replaceable works fine when things are actually going fine; but when things start to fall apart (an audit from the IRS, a competitor is eating your lunch), it's kind of important that you have some goodwill currency with the employees, so they see your "enemies" are their enemies.  
 
@_date: 2011-05-19 19:53:50
Hmm. Perhaps. The problem is, the more people who we convince, the more difficult the blocks. 
Let me get a few more blocks, then tell them. Or better yet, let me upgrade the equipment to the latest.
@_date: 2011-06-21 17:02:50
Submitted proof. We will see how long this process takes.
@_date: 2011-06-13 05:31:34
Sure. But you don't have to sell stock on a public market. No law that I am aware of says that I can't sell you 500 shares of MSFT for $30,000 from the back of my minivan, nor do I have to announce the deal on the public markets. 
The actual price is per market. The price for BitCoins on Mt. Gox might be $23, and on BitCoin central $16. In private markets, it might be $40, or $3. 
As it is, I believe Mt. Gox was having trouble handling the volume that they had last week; someone selling 500,000 BTC on top of that volume would potentially freeze the exchange with a giant backlog. 
@_date: 2011-06-11 02:04:28
Hmm. I like the idea of a secondary exchange. Especially if whatever reason Mt. Gox runs into problems in the future, it would be nice to have somewhere else to trade BitCoins for Dollars and Euros.
@_date: 2011-06-10 15:22:28
Miners aren't going to drop their prices. They're extreme long term investors (after all, they purchased mining equipment), so large fluctuations in the market aren't even going to bother them. The psychological profile of these people, with few exceptions, is such that they aren't going to stampede, no matter how hard someone might try to get them to.
As for Joe Everyone, he will cry when the price drops a quarter cent, and rejoice when it goes up a quarter cent. BitCoins, being traded on a free market, are neither under, nor over-valued. They are being traded at their proper value. If they are going to go down, some of their utility must change negatively, their demand must drop, or their supply must suddenly increase a fair amount. If they are going to go up, their supply must decrease, their demand must increase, or their utility (more merchants accepting them) must change positively.
In short, if a bank or credit union, catering to foreigners,  somewhere in the Cayman islands suddenly started accepting BitCoins, the utility would increase dramatically. Not to mention that bank or credit union would be making money hand over fist. That's an increase in utility. 
Lol. Everyone is using BitCoins as a discreet store of value, and types 2 &amp; 3 are using it as an exchange mechanism.
Take a look at the chart for [Mt. Gox]( Look at the Market Depth. Despite those fluctuations over the past few days, the asking price of the majority of BitCoins hasn't changed. That purple area? Those asking prices? Are standing sell orders, but only as those prices. Given that demand for BitCoins appears to be increasing, and new coins are becoming harder to mint, the price of BitCoins can, on the whole, be said to be safe to rise. This doesn't mean it will, as it can drop or rise, but market forces being what they are, if demand &gt; supply, the price typically goes up.
 
@_date: 2011-06-06 02:35:37
Hmm. If this story had any impact on the (US) markets, it appears to have been temporary. 
Mt. Gox is starting to climb again, and the Euro bit market is sitting pretty.
@_date: 2011-06-10 19:37:49
When did the transaction go through today?
@_date: 2011-06-11 13:58:42
@_date: 2011-06-11 02:27:06
Was the Dwolla freeze one way, or both ways?
Was the problem moving money from Dwolla to Mt. Gox, or Mt. Gox to Dwolla, or both?
@_date: 2011-06-04 15:51:59
I think people will spend them when enough merchants accept them. 
Since BTC is very fungible (like gold), one need not spend a $100 worth BTC (1 BTC), but a $10 BTC (.1 BTC). There's a reason there's so many places after that decimal point in the vanilla BTC client.
Speculation actually isn't a problem. Remember, if they fuck up in this market with a speculative attempt, there is no Fed to bail them out. If they like gambling, power to them. I am unaware of any insurance readily available to cover their losses.
I've been browsing the various markets, auctions, and classifieds. The problem here is that they are either not offering something I want to buy, or that the prices they list are widely more expensive than the $ version.
@_date: 2011-05-30 02:47:25
What happens when the target reaches all zeros?
@_date: 2011-06-06 09:12:02
$25-35. 
We are seeing a lot of press lately, not all of it good. And there appears to be a number of Wall Street firms who are using play money to invest in BitCoins. Depending on whether someone announces a "War on BitCoins" in the next few weeks, the price will either rise or crash.
Though ~$17 right now appears to be somewhat comfortable (if sudden). However, demand is currently outstripping supply by a factor of at least 2 on the USD markets. So, there is room for it to safely advance to $25, and $35 if it really gallops. Since there's no "easy money" policy to be tweaked here, there's no risk of a real crash, just something more akin to market fluctuations. It's the difference between the waves on the ocean during a windy day, and a tsunami (and its destructive potential). We will, in all probability, see waves, and in the small pond that is the BTC market, they may appear larger than they actually are. But they really are minor. 
Factor in that some people are going to play the market with the typical Wall Street strategies, so expect attempts at purposefully crashing the market. That it's such a bastard to do exchanges with BitCoins may be a blessing here. If someone suddenly buys 1000000 BTCs, then suddenly sells them, at least you know what they are attempting to do. 
@_date: 2011-06-12 13:49:34
BitCoin is kind of like having stock in a company. It's not until it's sold that you can claim it as income.
I recommend acquiring enough to buy a citizenship in a small, but internationally recognized community with favorable income tax policies. Then acquire more as a citizen of that country.  
@_date: 2011-06-03 20:43:44
@_date: 2011-06-02 13:46:27
Yes. First finger is 2^0, second finger is 2^1, third finger is 2^2, and so on. 
@_date: 2011-05-19 20:01:18
BitCoins are linked to unique values. If you wanted to do something with song or art, it would have to be 100% unique. It's a market problem, in that something needs to be relatively scarce to hold significant value.
What I mean is, the artwork or song would have to be created as unique (no other copies anywhere), then stored in some sort of a container that was encrypted with PGP (and never opened), with only the keys ever effectively changing hands. Less like selling a 'good' in the traditional sense, more like selling real estate. You move, it does not.
The question is, who would pay for a piece of artwork that can never be looked at, or it loses its value?
@_date: 2011-06-01 21:23:18
Hmm. GuiMiner is python from the source, so you could try downloading it, and possibly tweaking it. However, GuiMiner isn't being actively developed anymore. 
Perhaps the Phoenix miner? But that's a CLI, not a GUI, but it does use the GPU on a video card. I haven't made that switch yet, but mostly because it's buggy (though very popular). 
Have you considered dual-booting? Depending on what AMD/ATI videocard you have, it might be worth just booting into Windows at night, and letting it run.
@_date: 2011-06-13 06:35:01
BitCoins, for all their talk about being a crypto-currency, are acting like stocks. 
Here in the US, [capital gains tax]( is probably the tax that should apply to them. Which means a tax rate of 15% would usually apply to them, and only when they are sold. Yes, here you can hold foreign currency (just tell the IRS the coins you purchased were created in Sweden or China) as a capital asset, provided you exchanged USD for it. 
As I wrote earlier, the easiest way to have some fun with the laws (at least for the US), is to go ahead and purchase a citizenship in another country (I want to say Isle of Man, but I have no idea what's going on there), and drop your US citizenship. The IRS here wants to claim the next 10 years of your income (after you drop your citizenship), so f*ck 'em. If I drop my citizenship, that means all ties are severed; income first. Mind you, from what I've heard, the most definite way of dropping your US citizenship is to make an appointment with a US embassy official in another country, walk into his office, and light your passport on fire in front of his face. And there's a bit of a line for that, so you might have to go to some US embassy in a less popular country to get it done. 
Anyway, operate your servers from the Isle of Man, and keep everything automated / remotely accessible. I'm fairly certain the Isle of Man has no capital gains tax, and a cap for an income tax at £100,000. If you manage to bank (attain maximum quiddage from BitCoin related transactions / business), £100,000 as an income tax cap will be a godsend. 
There are many other ways to achieve the same effect (buy a Caribbean island, become recognized as a nation, print your own passport, etc.), but the upfront costs tend to be prohibitive or more complex than something like the Isle of Man. Ultimately, you are trying for a life free from austerity, and the people in charge would rather you pay for their bad decisions than they do. 
And I'd avoid coming to the US any time soon; the currency is going to default ('technical default', they say; my ass), sooner rather than later, which means the TSA will probably start seizing jewelry or silver dental fillings off of people in airports. They do this now (wallet is always a little lighter after they run it through their machines), but in the future, they won't even pretend it's anything more than highway robbery.  
@_date: 2011-06-13 05:25:34
Yes, you can. Dark pools exist in many places. Gold and the USD are most probably not exceptions.
@_date: 2011-06-10 17:21:48
This may simply be wishful thinking on my part, but it appears that Dwolla may be responsible in part for the current price on the BitCoin market. 
@_date: 2011-06-13 16:45:08
The fun issue is that the US government seems to be attempting to view BitCoins in the same way as the Liberty Dollar. I'm sure a fair number of DHS officials are laying awake at night, touching themselves with their weapons, thinking about a potential 'bust' of those creating this currency and the speech they would make to the press after they seized those assets.
So, let's do a quick comparison.
Liberty Dollar:
* Primarily a US currency.
* Backed by copper, silver, and gold.
* Has a central mint.
* Primarily a global currency.
* Backed by computational difficulty.
* Has a decentralized mint.
The Liberty Dollar had seize-able assets, because it was within the US and used Gold, Silver, and Copper as backings; normally this isn't a bad idea, but when the government you're operating under is kind of 'hungry' for some easy money, you're totally a target.
The BitCoin can suffer from a similar problem, but only a portion of it. If the US seizes the assets that were used to purchase BitCoins, the BitCoin / USD exchange will be madly affected. But the BitCoin / EUR, PLN, GBP, etc. exchanges will continue in their own countries. Since the effect of seizing BitCoin / USD assets in the US will only result in the US being kicked off the global exchange, the damage is somewhat contained. 
In short, it's a bit like a South American country suddenly nationalizing one of the companies that is drilling / pumping oil for them. That part of the company that gets nationalized (those assets that are within the country's borders when the country sends in troops to seize everything: the drills, the pumps, etc.) are lost, but since the company is an international company, they will just continue operations elsewhere.
Consider British Petroleum. If they are drilling for oil in Brazil, and Brazil takes the company's local assets, the company continues elsewhere. Not all of their eggs in one basket.
What will happen for the US is probably this: Scorched Earth (the military policy, not the financial one). Like that company that has had its assets stolen out from underneath by a country, BitCoin will never do business with the USD again (or more appropriately, exchanges from USD to BTC will carry a hefty surcharge to cover for the risk). 
Losing the USD would hurt, don't get me wrong, but many of the exchanges aren't based in the US, just as many of the BTC are not minted in the US. We all would feel the effect for a few weeks, but eventually, provided the other exchanges could handle the large increase in volume, the BitCoin would probably be trading upwards.    
TLDR; the US closing any BTC exchange within its borders will only result in an 'uber-fail.' 
@_date: 2011-07-03 02:31:01
Whoops, annihilated the packages instead of just OpenCL.
@_date: 2011-06-03 02:24:37
1 BTC is worth €11 and $10.73 according to the BitCoin Markets. Yet $1 buys €0.694 and €1 buys $1.44 according to the usual foreign exchange rates.
If I were in the normal currency trading business, my eyes wouldn't leave those prices for days.
@_date: 2011-05-19 23:12:41
With standard computer equipment, this is pointless.
You are going to sell them a box that is probably not much in the way of upgradeable, and will over several weeks generate less and less money. The only way to stay ahead in this game is money and smarts.
Plus, the amount of money you make off of this will be minimal, and the support insane. High-grade video cards run how much? Not a $100 Walmart special.
If you had a special contract, buying the video cards at extremely low prices, maybe. But then, it will collapse just as soon as everyone else upgrades. And they will. 
@_date: 2011-06-04 04:21:24
The mental kind. 
You see, someone coming along with a new currency that has tons of benefits is something of a common occurrence: 
Look back at Flooz:  
Beenz was another one: 
Internet Cash: 
I believe there were many more during the dot com bubble, but these are the only ones I am finding right now.
The scam works the same as prepaid / gift cards: you exchange / earn money for some form of e-currency. This e-currency is typical a lot less useful than the original money you would have paid in, and in many cases is only accepted by a very limited number of people / companies. Typically, going from an e-currency to a regular currency is much more difficult than the other way around. And of course, getting in early is more important than getting in later. Then the fun begins: if you used a credit card to purchase this currency, that number finds its way onto the internet. When you attempt to redeem your e-currency for something else, you find that the exchange rate is unfavorable, or that merchants are dropping support for that currency, or that you can only exchange this currency for certain items. In much the same way as we generate coins, people can generate these e-currencies by doing any number of pointless rituals, and then typically not for much gain. 
Anyway, at some point, the company or people involved go bankrupt / disappear / suddenly changes jobs or focus. And any money left in the system at that point disappears. 
So we have something similar here with BitCoins: you can generate money without doing anything. This guarantees word of mouth, as who wouldn't want to earn money the easy way? Another important fact is that no one really understands how this whole thing works a.k.a. "Teh Magic!". When you ask people how BitCoin works, you kind of get a circular loop. Most people can't explain it, but they are verrrrrrrrrrrry excited about it. Which leads to something of interest: the people who are generating the coins (with a few exceptions, to keep everyone else interested in this crowd) are not making much. Maybe a few thousand? Perhaps a few hundred now? You have word of mouth, you have people marketing it for you for free as the "Next Big Thing," now it's time to sell people BitCoins, so they can exchange their worthless dollars for something much more valuable. I'll let you think about how this part works usually. Feel me? It very much feels like a typical e-currency scam.
What doesn't help are people trying to market this thing as "free money." A while back, and a few threads over, someone was working on a scheme to sell people mining machines (essentially appliances), that the common person could plug into and outlet and their network, with just an On switch on it. It didn't matter that the hardware being sold would never make back for its owners enough money to cover the original purchase price; what mattered was that they had found a way to sucker people. Everyone's looking for their 'break' in life, when their ship finally comes in. And when I was younger, I didn't understand that greed, true greed, is what keeps people in low-paying jobs. See my life as a testament to that. They say you can't cheat an innocent man, and they are half right. 'Tis not criminal innocence they are speaking of, but the innocence of a fair deal. A man who engages in fair deals cannot be cheated. A man who pursues a philosopher stone, a lottery ticket, or a plan of some sort, always finds himself right back where he started, with his purse a little lighter and his head a little hurt.
Which is why I find BitCoin so odd. I've felt that familiar tingling of avarice that almost ensures a later fall when looking at this design, and yet it hasn't set off the various traps that would have me immediately dismiss it as a scam. It's almost like it's an evolution of an older scam, a new virus we haven't seen just yet. We have the appearance of a scam, but no smoking gun, no "Ah HA!" moment when we've caught the prey reaching into our purse, or find that it has assumed some powers that it didn't have before.
There's a set of logic traps that I have derived from studying various scams and various forms of economics, kind of a dictionary or rubric, that requires any amount of patience to use, and this thing has set off all sorts of warning bells with its claims, but with its behaviors I am not quite sure yet. Which again, means it's either completely benign, or super-malignant.   
@_date: 2011-07-08 17:38:18
'Tis not the problem, in my eyes, of having things to spend on. There are more than perhaps 30 / 40 items I am interested in. 
The problem stems from the person selling seriously undervaluing BitCoins. I am not talking about something like a 10% difference over Mt. Gox. I am talking about a 90% difference over Mt. Gox.
That, and all the scammers. An infinite source of annoyance.
You end up with either people trying to sell you a $5 wrist watch for 2 BitCoins, or someone trying to sell you an incredibly worthless service, like pruning a stick of celery for you, for 1 BitCoin. Or .5 BTC for some warez.
Mind you, there are many legitimate transactions going on. Still, it's going to take some time to filter out all these "10000 BTC for some lint hair" kinds of offers.
@_date: 2011-06-08 17:32:24
The truly sad part being that it probably would have been faster to buy some drugs from your local dealer, then sell them on Silk Road for BitCoins, than purchasing BitCoins the usual way. 
The universe is a strange place.
@_date: 2011-09-11 03:57:43
Decreasing in value is bad for any currency. Bad for contracts as well.
If I order up 5000000 yen of capacitors from Mitsubishi for some energy application, when the rate is $100 for 5000 yen, and when payment comes due, the rate is $200 for 5000 yen, I'm in a bad spot. This is assuming that I am keeping the company wealth in USD.
@_date: 2011-07-27 16:28:24
Correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't Dwolla the one who reversed the transactions?
@_date: 2011-07-03 02:06:18
It mocks me by continuing to give me the error.
@_date: 2011-06-14 19:35:34
If we knew who, exactly, was doing this right now, they'd have a very expensive satellite parked in their house.
@_date: 2011-06-21 18:32:43
Depends on the currency.
If it's the USD, I use a basket of currency exchanges + current market conditions. If I see that someone is purposefully trying to drop the price, I value the BTC higher.
If it's the EUR, I tend to convert the above price in USD into EUR, and check to make sure the EUR is higher. I use past performance as a major factor, so I compare the maximum price that BTC / EUR has attained over the past 4 months, and figure that within ~-2 EUR of that maximum price is probably worth trading. Bear in mind that I consider the USD and EUR to suffer from similar problems (as a currency), with a likelihood that both could collapse within 4 years of each other. Oddly enough, I seem to favor measuring BTC volatility in EUR.
If it's GBP, a similar measure applies. The financial industry in the UK is rather top-heavy for its economy, but I am placing a wager that in a competition between the EUR, the USD, and the GBP, the GBP would actually go last. Time will prove me wrong or right. 
Things are a little more complicated than I have outlined here, but it should give you the basics. In short, I use a lot of interesting scales + multiple sources to weigh whether an individual trade is worth anything to me.
@_date: 2011-07-03 00:34:15
Adding it to my frontpage.
@_date: 2011-06-11 14:41:30
Hmm. Wonder what happens if they toast the market.
@_date: 2011-05-19 20:05:20
What is a bump key?
@_date: 2011-06-10 19:25:18
Glad to hear that. How long were you waiting?
@_date: 2011-05-18 06:30:56
DDOS, probably.
@_date: 2011-05-20 09:27:19
Depends if it's worth it. The next thread over is discussing bringing pre-made mining boxes to the masses.
@_date: 2011-06-11 13:45:16
At $13.86 now.
@_date: 2011-06-01 21:09:35
Nonsense. They will do what they always do. Attempt to find some way to profit from it, and seize it if they can, demonize it if they can't.
You'll know what's up when people start talking about how they want to do something just like BitCoin, but with account tracking (for safety / security, but really for auditing / taxing). It's kind of like when someone in Christianity comes across a really good idea that they wish they thought of first, then attempts to make a knockoff that they control. You have "Now that's what I call music!" which becomes "Wow that's what I call worship!" or something like that.
Similar idea here. You will have govBitCoins, which will be like real BitCoins, only backed by the FDIC or some other nonsense. You'll be able to freely trade one for the other, for a while, until they "phase out" BitCoins because of drugs, guns, illegal activity of the week. 
The US government's MO has been pretty established for a while. Just keep mining BitCoins, keep your account + numbers private, and be prepared for a knock at the door from the police (because high electricity use + money = drugs). One of the smarter political officers will be sure to empty your unencrypted account for you, with no evidence that you didn't suddenly send all of your BitCoins to an unknown address while you were in a holding cell.
@_date: 2011-05-30 02:17:24
Hmm. Could you throw in some made up (but somewhat realistic) values, and walk me through the transforms..?
Thank You
@_date: 2011-07-08 17:25:24
I love the part where it's a 24 / 7 exchange (when it's not being cracked), and yet, when the weekend rolls around...
@_date: 2011-06-10 03:18:16
Yes, but let's examine the BitCoin market, shall we?
You have 3 or so types of people currently playing on the BitCoin markets (the 4th would be those planning to charge transaction fees to use their networks, but that's some time away):
1.) Miners: the people who create the BitCoins. They aren't going to sell for less than the electricity that went into the creation of a BitCoin, and will probably sell at a much higher price. The market, if you examine it, has the majority of BitCoins selling for much higher than the going price, and these people are unlikely to drop their selling price, ever. 
2.) Currency Traders: experienced or not, these people are playing the market, hoping for a crash where they can buy up BitCoins before they inevitably sell them when BitCoins rise again. They are responsible for the lower end of the market, and will attempt to make the third type of people stampede into selling off their BitCoins (with announcements about bubbles), or buying them up at much higher prices (with announcements that BitCoins are under-valued). Since there is no law against market manipulation of BitCoins (as there is with recognized currencies), these people are free to play the media outlets and news sites (like reddit), and identifying them is the only way to eliminate their influence.
3.) Joe Everyone: heard from a friend, a neighbor, reddit, news, etc. that BitCoins are the new hotness, and wants to buy in while BitCoins are cheap, and sell them as soon as they peak. Doesn't really understand how BitCoins are a real currency or how they operate, but wants to make money nonetheless. Considers himself a savvy currency trader who will spot when the market is peaking, and will make himself a nice profit. Is well-known for being taken advantage of by the second type listed above. Is also well-known for stampeding. When he hears from a friend that the BitCoin market is peaking, and sees a little red, he sells. When he hears from a friend that the BitCoin market is under-valued, and sees a little green, he buys.
That's the current, basic breakdown.  
@_date: 2011-05-14 17:21:21
4870 X2 -&gt; 140MHash. No overclocking yet.
But the Radeon 5970 is what you ultimately want. 3200 stream processors, with an appreciable MHash/J, which almost makes mining break even.
 
*edit: swapped 5970 for 5790. Dyslexia, I know thee well.
@_date: 2011-05-18 18:05:24
Ransom || Decrease Difficulty of Blocks.
Really works out for them both ways. Unless we find and kill them.
@_date: 2011-05-30 05:29:51
Payment has been sent.
If you find the description, feel free to PM me with it, or post it here (so others can find it). ;-)
I did notice the double-hashing from a very simple C++ example, and love a more complete map. Google has a Java implementation, but that's lacking quite a few features...I think it's missing the generate coins capability at the moment. 
Is there a server to test new clients against? I don't want to interfere with standard operations, but I am starting to feel that I may have to start throwing breakpoints and debugs throughout the structure to get a real feel for how this algorithm really works.
But you all have been helpful, and I thank you.
Anyway, I have some code to work on, then off to bed. G'night. 
@_date: 2011-06-14 05:09:38
I know, right? Come on, baby needs a new pair of shoes!
@_date: 2011-05-16 01:57:58
Or finding a better way to mine. Gonna put the CS degree to work.
@_date: 2011-06-21 20:50:10
Define stable. The price for BTC has been around ~$20 as averaged over the past few weeks.
It's been around $.01 for the past few years.
Similarly, the USD has been been spanking the CAD for the past several years, and now it's worth $.97 in CAD. No more putting Canadian quarters on the soda machine instead of US quarters, because you would end up losing money.
If you are speaking of market volatility + megafuckups the exchanges are going through, I grant you that it does make me pause. However, these issues are not problems with the currency itself, nor the people who create the currency, only with the currency exchangers. 
If I had 300 ingots of Platinum laying around in my vault, and the people in charge of one of the metals exchange markets are drinking on the job and letting some of those ingots get stolen when I put some of them on the exchange (transferred to their vaults), this does not mean that Platinum is unstable as a currency, nor that the market is unstable (and in need of regulation), but that the people in charge of running the exchange need to fix their security and make good on the ingots in their possession when they were stolen. If these people of this exchange fail to make the appropriate changes, people will begin trading on other exchanges. 
Mt. Gox has fucked up for the second time in two weeks, and consequently is taking a hit. However, the other exchanges are flourishing. If Mt. Gox wants people to continue doing business with them, they need to fix things right.
@_date: 2011-05-30 03:22:39
Hmm. Cool. Alright, please provide your address for the reward, and if you feel like it, show me a walk-through with values of what you are speaking of here. I always get a better feel seeing realistic values being plugged in. ;-)
@_date: 2011-05-30 19:00:53
Then I shall keep you in the loop as to its development. ^_^
@_date: 2011-06-06 08:41:30
Receiving or sending?
If you're sending, that's quite strange, unless the transaction is very small (they sometimes want a fee with it, to speed things up).
If you're receiving, and you're mining, there is usually an 8 hour delay, more if you are in a pool. BTCPool seems to take forever, but it's really just them waiting on confirmation before paying out. 
If you are receiving and not mining, I'd consider a 0 confirmations over 4 hours to be quite odd.
@_date: 2011-07-03 00:00:46
Will do.
@_date: 2011-08-08 17:34:45
Maybe. But these almost weekly occurrences of theft are kind of destroying things. Mt. Gox can't remain secure to save its life, and many of the other services are being h for not employing anything beyond trivial amounts of security. 
Typically, the more money you make off of something, the more secure you make it. Not so here, where PHP apparently is the language of choice.
And yes, I know the hobby programmer likes PHP, and thinks it's the bee's knees, but come on. It has a reputation for a reason, if not for its design, then the kind of programmers it tends to attract.
@_date: 2011-06-15 05:12:52
The CIA has operatives in other countries, and getting money to them without a trail has always been something of a b*tch?
You don't exactly want to send one of your Chinese operatives a large wire transfer directly from Langley. The Chinese government tends to frown on such bold moves. 
Sending an operative money via couriers and drop sites works, but runs the risk of being exposed (accidents happen) and can be taxing on your field agents. Plus if the country your op is in has anything like the IRS, they are going to be curious why someone working as a lowly government worker is driving the equivalent of a Bentley to work every day.
I imagine most ops are taught to not rely on money from home; but for some operations, you are going to need a bank account with funds, and acquiring them the normal way in the target country isn't going to work. 
So, what do you do? You send your op to a foreign country, and have them do BitCoin-related work on the side. You can safely send them money via a somewhat anonymous currency, and the paper trail that does exist looks legit. (30 BTCs for a new website for Montery Corp, January 3rd, 2012). 
@_date: 2011-05-30 03:05:22
Forgive my stupidity, but where are we getting our hash from? Is this based off of our BitCoin address, or something that we get from somewhere else? The more details, the merrier.
Xenon (below) is making mention of how we need to hash the block from the network. More on this? And how are we taking on our address for the reward, as he mentions?
Also, include your BitCoin address in your reply. You and Xenon have been the most helpful (though I may have more questions), so I am going to send you each a reward  of 0.5 BitCoins.
@_date: 2011-09-11 03:36:09
I do. However, it's taking a while for developers to catch up with the BitCoin market. They have to read and understand it, then verify that the code works as intended. For larger sites, this means multiple regression tests. For someone like Amazon to accept the currency, it needs to last at least a year at decent prices. It would take that long for the developers to properly integrate that kind of functionality into the site.
Bit of a pity. In a few months, we'd probably begin seeing returns on all of this, but then a fair portion of BitCoin 'investors' are amateurs. 
@_date: 2011-05-14 20:42:21
Remember, these video cards suck up x16 slots. Plus, many of them are double-wide. So, in many cases, you can fit two 5850s onto a standard motherboard. Then you are done.
So, for most cases, you need 2x the resources (motherboard, memory, CPU, power supplies) for the 5850 (x2) to get the performance of the 5970, when it comes to scaling your operation.
Again, you need 2x computers more for an operation run on 5850s than on a 5970, to get comparable performance.
For one computer:
2 x 5970 gives you 1604 Mhashes/sec.
2 x 5850 gives you 710 Mhashes/sec.
For two computers:
4 x 5970 gives you 3208 Mhashes/sec.
4 x 5850 gives you 1420 Mhashes/sec.
For four computers:
8 x 5970 gives you 6416 Mhashes/sec.
8 x 5850 gives you 2840 Mhashes/sec.
You can see where this is going. Even with the cheapest processors + memory + motherboards + etc., by the time you get up to 8 video cards (2 per computer), the 5970 is spanking the 5850. 
I think you can fit 3 video cards onto some motherboards, but again, scaling it up can be a bitch.
*edit: added some more information.
@_date: 2011-06-24 13:29:56
I have a dynamic ip address, and someone in my house who resets the firewall every-time their iPad is acting slow (Netflix not loading for you? Goes and resets the firewall. Doesn't occur to him that it's his shit-ass WAP that is causing the problem. No, it must be the expensive firewall). My ip address changes so often you'd think I was being pursued by government agents.
So, I gave them the general range it would be from, as well as a direct copy from the ledger (BitCoin wallet entry, copy and paste), telling them the balance of my account + which address I sent the coins to. It's only two coins. 
I got accepted. 
@_date: 2011-06-11 02:14:17
Thank You. Though I'd consider trading more in the Euro if I could find a way to zip my money to an account in Europe. Most of this requires too much legwork / photocopying of important documents I'd rather not have circulating.
@_date: 2011-06-11 15:46:14
@_date: 2011-06-03 18:37:14
Hmm. BitCoin is a deflationary currency, not an inflationary currency. It may have a 'correction' as any market, but what that means is anyone's guess, as it theoretically doesn't experience a boom / bust cycle which is typical of central planning. 
One hypothetical possibility, though very unlikely, is that this isn't speculation. That BTC really is a much better deal than the USD or EUR. Unlikely, I say, because I am still not convinced that BTC is anything more than a Ponzi scheme or a short-lived spectacle...but then, while it is ringing alarm bells, it has succeeded in not setting off any traps, which is rare. So I have a quandary: do I avoid it because it's a scam, or do I consider it because it may not be one?
It's like buying Berkshire Hathaway or Apple stock. At the time, you couldn't be sure that either company would actually go anywhere, especially with Apple having nearly been bankrupt on at least one occasion. But look at those share prices today...the people who sold off BH stock to make a car payment have to hate themselves, and those of us who are / were anti-Apple are beyond pissed at this point for not having seen through our own bias.
Of course, we could have the equivalent of Worldcom or Enron stock here. It looks like a sure bet, but in reality it's held up with wooden stilts.
So, we are stuck in a hilarious scenario. Sell a BTC for $11 today, find out next year it's worth $111. Or sell a BTC for $11 today, and find out that it's worth $1 next year. Past success is not a measure of future success, nor is previous failure a measure of future failure. 
I recognize the avarice (greed virus) that is messing with me. When I look at BTC, I can feel it messing with me. That alone makes me want to run away from BTC. I need to be able to think clearly about the decisions I make regarding this currency, and whether or not it's usage is appropriate for any given scenario I may be considering. Intelligent decisions, with plenty of time to consider all the possibilities and their weights. If this currency proves sustainable, I wouldn't mind using it instead of the common currency. It would be nice to have a 1 BTC grow in real worth, as opposed to $1 which will almost certainly shrink in terms of real worth. 
In other words, I am tired of being abused with the common currency. I feel like a serf working for his freedom on his lord's manor, only to find that with each harvest I am sinking deeper and deeper into debt. I feel like I have a million parasites, all squirming for their take from every dollar I earn. The company gets % off the profit of my labor, the government gets % off the profit of my labor, and only after everyone has taken their share do I get mine. If I work harder, I only get a small increase in actual wealth, but I benefit everyone else far in excess to my increase. All this while they decide my life for me, and enjoy the benefits of my labor. Drinking fine wines while I work the fields, if you will. This isn't capitalism (growth), and it isn't communism (service). We're practicing feudalism by a different name (growth for someone else, service that is never returned). The people who should have fallen were instead propped up; and we were told to make up for their shortfall. When we say that it's impossible to make up for that shortfall, they only shout that we need to work harder, and then everything will be okay. The only thing they have been taught is that shouting tends to make people work harder, which profits them; when shouting no longer works, they are revealed for what they are: a useless appendage.
So, this is the fantastic design I consider when choosing whether to invest in BTC. Do I keep my money in a system that is made up of people who will shake me down every time I use an ATM that is not a part of my financial institution's network, or do I consider another system that appears almost decent in comparison. Hmmmmm.
 
@_date: 2011-06-28 05:03:52
Let's walk down currency lane then:
The Euro is undergoing destabilization right now. Even the most ardent backers of this currency are now having trouble NOT shorting it. 
The Yen is surprisingly doing well lately, with the real trouble coming from China limiting its rare-earth exports. How Japan will resolve this is unknown. The information I have (despite studying some of the language) is limited, as I haven't acquired any Yen yet to play with, and will care more when I do.
The Yuan is kind of interesting, as it's floating around, and the Chinese government isn't buying American dollars. 
The Ruble is sort of worthless. 
And the Pound isn't doing so hot. The financial sector of GB is too large to remain supported by the rest of the economy. And sadly, they know it.
Based on current + historical data, none of these currencies is doing so hot. All of these countries are feeling the depression recession, with the general exception of perhaps China. 
This is a source of annoyance, as there is no 'safe haven' among any of these currencies, which as someone who is himself trying to avoid the tsunami that is coming, I am especially unhappy. Many of these countries are holding large reserves of other countries' currencies, and a failure among one of them can result in a domino effect. 
Now, for gold and other various precious metals. Gold + other precious metals are actually a very good investment in times of currency trouble; however, in the US, the government has a bad tendency of seizing gold ingots + other precious metal ingots when things get really rough. Whether or not they compensate you with now worthless dollars is beside the point. I imagine they keep track of most gold (ingot) buyers in the US, just so they know which houses to stop by when the Reserve needs a recharge. So buying the ingots works only so long as its anonymous, and you can get it out of the country (because you know the TSA will be instructed to search for ingots when the dollar collapses).
Sadly, I can only offer a weak argument for BitCoins at this point. It has many advantages + disadvantages, but it will need to grow a bit before I can offer anything serious in terms of proof. However, I might add that I am interested in BitCoins, if only as an experiment (for now). If it should grow into a major currency, I would not be disappointed. 
 
 
@_date: 2011-09-11 03:44:40
[BiddingPond]( comes to mind. There are quite a few people who are willing to negotiate BitCoins for various items around reddit. 
I purchased a tandem sky-jump for BitCoins, and have been donating to various causes that I consider immediately worthy. There may be more there, but then the FUD surrounded BitCoin is reaching tinnitus levels. 
@_date: 2011-06-11 22:34:17
Chillax. It's been like three days with a lot of stupidity going on, plus it's the fricking weekend. Dwolla + any number of things going on, mostly them upgrading their systems to handle the volume. 
If it's stays like this come Monday afternoon, then panic.
@_date: 2011-06-08 17:29:27
Lol. For everyone who thinks Fiber is fast enough, here's your answer.
@_date: 2011-10-03 03:06:30
If the FBI has reason to believe that any currency, foreign or otherwise, might end up affecting the US economy, they'll probably screw with it. Remember, the FBI gets paid with US dollars (typically), and that's their bread and butter people are f*cking with.
@_date: 2011-09-11 03:53:07
They can through careful analysis of said markets, but given the laughable version of 'journalism' the media produces today, I'd expect "your teenagers are buying drugs online with illegal currency!" to be the high-mark of many of their careers. Blood, drugs, government, religion. Usually in that order, on the television. 
@_date: 2011-06-11 13:36:29
Chances of it sliding past $10?
@_date: 2011-09-11 03:48:04
It is if you're a dime-store bureaucrat attempting to grow his tiny empire through 'policy.'
@_date: 2011-06-21 20:31:54
Hmm. Technical problems with one exchange does not equate to the currency itself being unstable.
Mt. Gox != the BitCoin market. 
Since many of the BitCoins on the exchanges are being traded for currencies in their respective markets, you may somewhat presume that they are linked to those currencies, at least until more merchants accept BitCoins as a standard payment. The instability is dealt with as follows: if I have 1.0 BTC, you can assume that given all the holdings of all the exchanges worldwide, you own a set percentage of the currency held in those vaults. 1.0 BTC = $11, £4, and €7, assuming a value of sometime before last week's crash. The numbers serve only as an illustrative point, and are not accurate. Sharp changes up or down in individual currencies are dampened because of this.
[Basket currency.](
  
@_date: 2011-06-13 06:53:18
So, not so much a bubble as an orchestrated crash. Some people were unhappy about not getting in early, so they purposefully created a stampede to try and lower the price, buy as many BitCoins as they could with the confusion, then wait for the market to rebound.
They had some excellent timing. I was unaware that Mt. Gox was having volume trading issues (the hell were they running their servers on, a PII-400, with 256 MB of ram, and a hard disk with bad sectors?), or that Dwolla suddenly decided that trolling their clients with an API change was a 'win.'
My personal pet peeve is that people were posting that despite BitCoins costing miners $2 / each in electricity, BitCoins were over-valued, and should drop to about a $1. That, and what appear to be auto-trading clients and the appearance of a short sell for 7 BitCoins on Mt. Gox (how do you get -7 BitCoins at $18?).   
@_date: 2011-07-02 21:42:15
Reinstalled the SDK (a rollback earlier may have uninstalled it down to the runtime). Same error. 
[02/07/2011 17:41:49] FATAL kernel error: Failed to load OpenCL kernel!
@_date: 2011-06-11 14:00:25
@_date: 2011-06-10 18:56:53
Hindsight is always 20 / 20. From your standpoint, you are only seeing the gains now, not the risks. Every moment that you are invested in BitCoins is potentially risky, in that the market might suddenly dry up or an electrical spike might corrupt your wallet file. 
This thing you're doing here? That's called envy + greed. They own you right now, and if you want to make some gains in the future, you need to ditch them right now. Stop caring how much someone else made by being lucky or smart. Start caring how much you might make by being lucky or smart. Every moment you spend feeling hurt about how someone else has some 'undeserved' gains is a moment you aren't focusing on how to make some gains NOW. The human mind, like it or not, does not multitask well; focusing on two tasks at the same time makes it perform 16 times slower.
With BitCoin's potential to grow for the next century, your grand-kids may well ask why you spent your time bitching about how a few people who got in before you made a lot of money, instead of how you managed to create a new business that totally thrived on this new currency. Just one of infinite possibilities. 
I myself, who got in fairly late, am working on a new client for BitCoins, which with a few improvements may put me ahead for a few weeks. I may not succeed; I probably won't. It's going to be at least a week or so just writing the new client, and maybe longer for improvements. Who knows, maybe with the improvements I hope to make, I may actually come out ahead. But I am risking my time + potential money made from working on other projects / ventures, on this BitCoin thing, partly because greed is f*cking with me, and partly because it seems like an interesting problem. In the end, it's probably just greed. 
Unfortunately, that's how it works. I am not wealthy enough that taking a week off to work on this thing won't cost me some money. But I am attempting to understand the risks and the benefits, and using a pair of very terribly-weighted scales, I consider that this venture may be worth it, even if I eek out only the smallest of gains.
If my client actually does put me ahead, my next venture will be creating plugins &amp; frameworks in a few of the major languages so that merchants will be able to send and receive BitCoins with their current setups. I might have to (probably will) give it away for free, if I want to make sure I can actually spend BitCoins the way I do other forms of currency. 
@_date: 2011-09-01 23:40:58
A black-market currency that is not a black-market currency (*thanks*), and that it could fluctuate in such an interesting fashion.
The US currency is, mentally speaking, always seen as widely inflationary. Stock prices make money on v-o-l-u-m-e, and this is the first investment instrument that I've had the occasion to play with that hasn't made me feel poor or dirty.
@_date: 2011-05-19 20:59:06
Well, you are tying this theoretical currency to something. And that something will determine its worth.
BitCoin -&gt; tied to a unique number. It's also a deflationary currency, which is probably the only reason people are considering it to be valued as high as it is. There will reach a point when no more coins will be made.
ArtCoin -&gt; tied to a unique piece of artwork. Unless you are planning to limit the maximum number of coins here, it's probably going to be an inflationary currency. 
Basically, the reason BitCoin is gaining is because it's a strong signal that people are fed up with the Fed. The USD took on the losses from the bailouts, by moving those toxic assets from the banks, to the Reserve. Those assets haven't gone anywhere, and are unlikely to appreciate in value any time soon. The Euro is experiencing a similar signal, but for different reasons. 
People are tired of having their bank accounts raided, and their currencies plundered. They are tired of inflationary currencies that only make them poorer; they are tired of the various bad-faith accounting tricks we have seen employed recently, and they want to keep their money. Not its face value, but its real worth. 
At the end of the day, I still consider BitCoin a scam (and I'm mining ^_^ ). However, I am having trouble proving it's a true scam; and as such, I am playing around with it, hearing the arguments, until I am satisfied one way or the other. Worst case scenario is me having to pay an extra $20 (in electricity costs) for my experiment. Best case scenario is that I have a new toy (currency) to play with, that isn't being taxed yet, and doesn't require I go through any banks to acquire. I can't tell you the amount of overseas work I will be accepting because I won't have to deal with Yen-&gt;US Dollar, and what not. It may be, if all things pan out, a very profitable year. 
@_date: 2011-06-11 14:13:36
Order to sell at $20 is increasing.
@_date: 2011-06-14 04:08:15
Hell no. I'd keep it in a foreign country that despises the country I am currently living in. Should make the foreign asset record and extradition requests from the IRS / DOJ that much more entertaining. A foreign country with nukes. A foreign country whose paranoid ruler believes that CIA is out to get him (they move his bedroom furniture when he isn't looking), and treats a remote login by a particularly desperate IRS / FBI / CIA agent (who somehow gets his hands on my passwords) as an open act of war.
@_date: 2011-07-03 02:42:28
Yup, it works. BitCoins on their way.
@_date: 2011-09-11 03:49:37
Yes, yes, we've all browsed the hidden Tor sites. And yes, Assassins for hire and what not are more school children looking for someone to punk than contract killers.
@_date: 2011-07-03 02:20:50
C:\Users\Ryan\Downloads\phoenix-1.50\phoenix-1.50&gt;python -V
Python 2.6.6
Working on the other parts.
@_date: 2011-06-14 02:44:55
Just out of mild curiosity, which email address did you use to create your account with on Mt. Gox?
*edit: I ask, because if it was G-mail, then someone has found a way into people's accounts again, and is using the password reset service || your old emails to get into your account. A very annoying vector of attack.
@_date: 2011-06-15 21:59:40
The market itself? Doubtful.
The people trading on the market? Probably.
We had a huge spill last week plus a ton of technical difficulties. The currency has back gone up to about 2/3rds its highest value, which may be stabilizing things, but I imagine the vast majority of people are looking for indicators going one way or the other.
The people trading on the markets, the real investors, want to know that the market itself is sound. That these technical difficulties are something of an odd, one-timeish occurrence. No one wants to put money into an exchange that is constantly experiencing trading problems. Growing pains are expected, but constant trade lockouts is a deal breaker.
Putting aside DDOS attacks, Mt. Gox has used up their one "get out of jail free" card this quarter. If there is another screw up, people are going seriously begin looking to shift to another exchange.
@_date: 2011-07-02 21:43:33
I have a poclbm directory inside a kernels directory. No .elf file though.
@_date: 2011-09-28 14:56:02
Tell them to visit Block Explorer. Send them your address, and his address. Nothing to contest. 
@_date: 2011-09-16 01:35:59
By their work.
@_date: 2011-06-14 16:47:00
Anything to get that BitCoin price to drop again, right?
@_date: 2011-09-11 03:39:45
Understandable. Being able to freely trade currency for various exotic items has always been a market to watch. 
Put another way, when the rich stop ordering yachts, you should be worried. Think carefully about what I'm saying before you jump to a conclusion.
@_date: 2011-09-28 15:36:00
Yes, I understand that. What I'm saying is that since it appears he is going to challenge the charge-back, he can point the person whom he's speaking to to that site, and point out that it did ship. Other virtual goods you cannot do this for (no real proof that I sold you that hat in TF2, except an email from Valve stating as such i.e. no third-party objectivity). 
@_date: 2011-09-11 03:30:23
@_date: 2011-10-03 03:01:42
Yes, because I'm sure the Ayn Rand crowd is f*cking huge on theft.
@_date: 2011-05-19 22:59:05
That's a bold assumption.
@_date: 2011-06-09 02:25:16
Damn it, give me your mind.
@_date: 2011-06-21 21:12:52
It does matter, but yes, it is bad.
Problems with the currency itself = super bad (see the Euro).
Problems with the exchanges, but not the currency itself = temporary bad (see BitCoin).
The point being that these problems with the exchanges are probably temporary (you can see Mt. Gox requiring like 20 character passwords now), where as problems with the currency itself would be permanent.
@_date: 2011-05-15 21:55:45
Indeed. It was up to $8 a few days ago, now it's closer to $6.
Everyone, quick, sell me your mining equipment while it's still worth a few dollars. (Walks away with equipment, bitcoin prices double next week). ^_^
@_date: 2011-09-12 20:50:30
Hmm. Perhaps we can make this into a good thing.
Someone get Mt. Gox on the line, and ask them about a merger with Silk Road. And we can merge Trade Hill with the various overseas exotics markets. Could bank, if the trade barriers remain low enough.
@_date: 2011-06-21 02:50:09
Curiouser, and curiouser. Between the amount of traffic between the various BitCoin public figures + the feds, and this nonsense, I agree that something doesn't smell right.
While cracking an account with a high amount of suitable currency appears to be a typical priority for anyone engaging in an illegal activity, it does appear that almost no forethought went into this entire episode. This is a ["Smash and Grab."](
Now, on one hand, everyone can act stupid from time to time, especially when performance is demanding. Maybe that is the case here: someone got access to the db, cracked the password, and figured to get in and out as quickly as possible, relying on Mt. Gox to send out clean BitCoins, with which the thief could disappear. Seems tidy and neat.
The only major problem then is the logging that the Mt. Gox database would employ, which would record the clean bitcoins, as well as the daily limit. Perhaps the thief was among the people who only had a buy order for a handful of bitcoins, and so is hoping to get lost in the confusion of the larger orders at lower prices.
Or it could all be a lie. What bothers me is that anyone casing Mt. Gox would be aware of the daily limit. Additionally, suddenly selling such a large amount, like a murder on foreign soil, makes too much "noise" as they say in the intelligence industry. And anyone who then attempted to sell those BitCoins would be flagged almost immediately. You wouldn't be able to sell them on Mt. Gox or any of the other exchanges (you'd be blacklisted), which leaves local exchanges, doing OTC stuff, and even they do not carry much cash. Sure, you could withdrawal some over time, but that means you would be putting in a lot of face time with people who will remember you exchanging $5,000 worth of BTCs every week. Become a regular, and you get fingered. 
Or perhaps you could be attempting to buy things with the BTCs, like (lol) drugs on Silk Road. Exchange the BTCs for drugs, and all evidence disappears. Only, that's not what happened. It's too dumb for people involved in breaking into someone's account. I could be wrong, but I imagine someone of minimal intelligence necessary to break even the most simplistic of encrypted password hashes could think of a better plan. There are too many loose-ends, and what-ifs here; it's too dirty. And breaking into an account like this for a minimal return of a few hundred BTC...like breaking into a BMW dealership during the night and raiding the petty cash box. Wat. 
Someone wants us to believe that a 'hacker' from HK (China) broke into a large trading account, destroyed the market for fun or for profit, and may or may not have gotten off with some ill-gotten gains that can't be directly spent, thus leading us to a drug / guns / illegal activities conclusion of some sort. This is some trumped up Hollywood bullsh*t, not a real crime.
Essentially, you need someone with the technical skills to operate a password cracker (it happens, there are scripted / GUI tools, from what I understand), as well as the intelligence to break into a financial / security auditor's computer (assuming that the auditor doesn't use 'password' as their password, and employs anything that looks like Windows updates + minimal physical security...the technical competency for this crime is rising), who despite all this, doesn't spend 5 minutes casing Mt. Gox or any reddit / IRC / whatever site in the past several days or think about how they are going to actually get this money once they have it. They could store the BTCs somewhere "until the coast is clear," but since they just crashed the fr*cking exchange, there is no guarantee that they will be worth anything when they go to cash them in several weeks later.
But given these 'tasty' bits of information (who doesn't like China right now...could it be the US?), (who doesn't like BitCoins right now, with various Senators targeting the currency as such...could it be the US?), (who needs a new white elephant, since they killed their main attraction a few weeks ago...could it be the US?), (who has been banging on the wall about needing new funds to fight 'cyber-warfare'...could it be the US?), (who is BitCoin's biggest currency competitor...could it be the US Dollar?). 
It may just be conspiracy theory, but we are either dealing with one of the dumbest of all criminals, at which point I want to find him / her, so I can get my photo taken with him / her, or we are dealing with a particularly  sloppy campaign by some of the steroid-users in DHS. Slight possibility, that it's not either of the two above, being a foreign operation, or someone else, but the probability appears less than the former two; it would be an excellent cover though, a little misdirection goes a long way. At the very least, they've succeeded in temporarily shaking the confidence of many BTC users; but probably not enough for them to exit in mass.   
  
@_date: 2011-07-02 21:08:47
Latest Phoenix (source), Device 0, 2 AMD 5870s setup in crossfire mode. And yes, the SDK is installed.
@_date: 2011-07-09 07:28:55
And yet it happens with such regularity...
@_date: 2011-06-15 21:42:28
And he probably founded Microsoft. ^&amp;^
Getting money in and out of the country can be a pain, especially when the people in DC are too busy networking to pay attention to the slide in real wealth. Making a currency like BitCoin solvent, even if it costs half a million, is probably a small price to pay when dealing with billions.
@_date: 2011-09-19 16:59:30
Will they ultimately be successful? Debatable.
If rumors are proving true, every other institution of power is trying their hand at dominating / destroying the system currently in place, and yet BitCoins are (barely) remaining above water. It could simply be that someone is slowly shaking out all the money from the BitCoin system (aka the Ponzi scheme); or it could be that trust is earned, and these attempts to undermine it will only prove its resilience. 
What would I like to see? Less bad deals on the floor. The deals available are so hideous, they offer no reason to use BitCoins. Imagine a 10% premium over using any other form of payment, and that's where BitCoin is right now. And the items offered are laughable. I know there are better deals out there, I've been involved in a few of them. Unfortunately, to make those deals happen requires the BitCoin equivalent of holding up your hand in the air, like you're hailing a taxi, shouting out a price and what you want; if it's a good deal, the people who you want will appear, and a transaction takes place. 
Try it sometime. If you have BitCoins to spare, and want something, but are willing to pay for it, post to r/BitMarket with the details. Say something like "[WTS]  for [whatever you, the seller of these BitCoins, desire]." As part of your post, be sure to include details and be somewhat flexible. It can take a little while to get the algorithm for it down, but once you do, it's exhilarating. And it helps that reddit is such a large website, with such a diverse culture; you can find a few people from any numbers of sectors here, and that makes getting a good deal vastly easier. Faster than a classified ad, more diverse than standing on a street corner asking people if they are interested, and the net you are casting is global. No currency exchange issues, no questions of reversible transactions, and no bluffing about what you do and do not have. Your reputation, and your previous deals on reddit, establish whether or not your requests are actually 'real.' If you shirk someone, screw them over on a deal, fail to deliver the BitCoins promised, everyone will know it. At which point you have to either create a new account (I imagine that not too many people are willing to perform large transactions with someone whose account was created only an hour ago), or you have to explain yourself in a way that everyone who reviews past transactions finds satisfactory.
DO NOT PLACE ORDERS FOR THINGS YOU DO NOT INTEND TO SELL OR BUY. If r/BitMarket gets flooded with false "[WTS]" and "[WTB]" requests, you end up screwing over everyone else, and should be banned. Anything with [WTS] or [WTB] constitutes an open deal. I'd argue that [INQUIRY] should be added as a tag, if you are looking for something to buy or sell, but only are curious as to what the possible offerings are; it may help gauge the market, but it's probably not as accurate as a [WTS] or [WTB]. On the otherhand, using [WTS] or [WTB] for a general inquiry is annoying, and should be avoided.
Their value is tied to the ease of the transactions, due to the fact that money, like electricity, tends to take the path of least resistance. If overseas trade issues (new customs regulations) become problematic, it may slow BitCoin growth rate.   
But I am enjoying BitCoin for the reason that it allows me access to talents and items from various people that normally are not on the standard markets. That an English major, who works a 9-5 regular job writing reports for his company can be commissioned for a play is very enticing. That I can borrow the talents of a programmer, who works for a larger software company, to help shore up some of my own code, is very interesting. That I can get access to various items that would cost too much to print a classified for, or are considered somewhat valueless by their current owners, but might be of greater worth to myself, is of keen interest.  
@_date: 2011-06-10 19:17:11
Things may continue to tumble until Dwolla &amp; Mt. Gox get their shit together. If and when that happens, a sudden influx of new buyers (who have been held up with pending transactions because of the above) may appear, and with BitCoins having tumbled so much, they will probably drive the price back up. Of course, it could just as easily go the other way, with a sudden outflux from BitCoins to other currencies. 
Alternatively, if Mt. Gox &amp; Dwolla do not fix things fast enough, people may either give up on BitCoins, or they may begin using some of the other exchanges. In short, this is very good for Dwolla and Mt. Gox's competitors, and those two are just damaging their own businesses. 
I've been looking at BitCoin Central, which also appears to trade in Liberty Reserve Dollars (same as Mt. Gox). Their volume is very small right now, but the last trade was around $32 / BTC. 
@_date: 2011-06-25 20:06:45
@_date: 2011-06-15 21:47:04
Nonsense. They have a plan to contain the default. (lol)
A preview of things to come here in the US, come August.
@_date: 2011-06-11 14:15:58
With microsecond orders for buying large amounts at around ~$2 less, at $19.50-18. It's almost like someone is rapidly readjusting their bid.
@_date: 2011-06-10 02:53:55
On par with the US dollar, to be honest. 
Cash (USD) = anonymous (in many cases), and BitCoins (BTC) = anonymous (in many cases). Record the serial numbers for cash when it's dispersed from an ATM, link it to an account, and you can watch for it to reappear somewhere else. With BitCoins, if you can tie an account to a bank account, the same thing happens. 
The only thing that seems to set things apart with BitCoins is that people don't understand how BitCoins operate, and someone has a website that accepts BitCoins and is used for trading in illicit substances. That there are hundreds of other websites that trade in illicit substances and use the US dollar as its main currency is apparently lost on these folks. 
TLDR: BitCoins are magical unicorns that fly on rainbows and drop off drugs from South American suppliers to all the drug dealers who said their prayers before bed.
@_date: 2011-07-13 23:17:50
Hmm. Maybe.
Something of interest I've discovered is that at least one individual with some GPU power has been selling coins immediately upon cracking a block. If enough people, with enough GPU power (I'm thinking people with large numbers of GPUs ala Data Center) are selling immediately upon cracking a block, an interesting scenario develops.
They aren't checking to see what the BitCoin price currently is before selling them on the exchanges. And it's automated. 
Contrast this behavior to a few of us who are keeping BitCoins around in our wallets (restricting quantity supply, making quantity demand rise). 
The only way this trend will level off is when cost of electricity is greater than the cost of the creation of BitCoins, and before that happens, we may see some consolidation of BitCoin creation in the market into the hands of just a few.
Mind you, there are other factors, where a default in the USD or EUR  could send BTC either up or down. And as always, my analysis may be incomplete, biased, or just plain wrong. 
However, the long term trend by these handful of people, if they are engaging in this behavior, is to milk the market until it runs dry ($1 / BTC). There is also the other side of this scenario, where enough people begin selling to get out of the market, and these people move in to snatch up the coins, at severely reduced prices. That's one way to capture the market, until something else comes along to change things.
@_date: 2011-06-03 05:07:54
Shhhh! Don't tell them. I want to see how long this can possibly go on.
Perhaps the $ banks are buying €, but the € people are buying $. A case of the € higher ups bluffing harder than the $ higher ups about the state of their economies, with the € people on the ground level knowing full well that the $ is safer than their own currency. Not by much, I grant you, but like that joke about the two hikers, the bear, and how the one hiker puts on a pair of running shoes when he can't possibly outrun the bear, only for him to tell his fellow that he needs only to outrun him. Is the € the bear, or the $? Probably both, but one will certainly go before the other.
Mind you, the € trading volume is much smaller than the $ volume (on the BitCoin market); however, if this disparity maintains or grows as € trading volume increases, well, maybe there's something to it.
I can just see it now. The $ going down the tubes, with all the $ people stampeding to the now (apparently) safer €, only to be met at the currency bridge by the € people, who grab hold of them, spin them around 180 degrees, and tell them that "No, seriously, this is the direction you want to head in, we just came from there, nothing but craters, screaming, and Cthulhu. Don't even look, just run in the same direction we're going, you'll thank us later."
The $ and the € going within a few weeks of each other would be a long lasting source of mirth for myself. Sadness, because I will probably be caught up in it, but funny in a HHGTTG kind of way. 
@_date: 2011-06-12 05:37:50
Dude. Take a look at [BitCoin Pool]( where I mine.
Over the past several days, we have gone from 140 Ghashes/sec to 213 Ghashes/sec. That's not quite doubling for the pool, and if the markets were going to have any effect, they would have by now.
The difficulty has climbed to the point that it's rendering my setup almost useless. And yet, despite all these negative forces, with BitCoins around $11, people are mining more, not less.
BitCoins at $11, difficulty rising, and yet more people are mining than ever. Something isn't adding up.
Either these miners are delusional, and hoping the markets rebound on Monday, or the current price for BitCoins is out of synch with it's actual worth. Even with 5970s or 6990s, in mass, running in solo mode, with the current difficulty setting, that difficulty has got to be eating enough electricity that it's not very profitable. Even with cheap electricity. 
So if BitCoins have dropped so low in value, why are all these people kicking in the afterburners? People should be receiving a back off signal, but they aren't stopping. Very odd.
@_date: 2011-06-06 08:58:10
Foreign mining rights. Preferably somewhere near the equator. 
@_date: 2011-06-06 08:56:17
Hmm. That's either a brilliant piece of satire, or a very sad piece of writing.
Reallllly playing up Silk Road in there. God, I hope that's satire. We really don't need a "War on BitCoins" because someone thought it would be awesome to link drugs and BitCoins in the 'security' people's mindset. They've been desperate for a new enemy since OBL died, let's make it something safe this time, like Mars. Mars is now your enemy. Go attack it.
That should buy us some time.
@_date: 2013-04-13 21:39:52
Exactly my point. And your pension isn't invested in some sort of a magical pension fund -&gt; it can be mismanaged / go bankrupt too. There is no special label on that bundle of securities on the market labeled 'NSA - Don't screw this up' when people are trading on them. 
With a somewhat untraceable currency and enough funds to purchase a few islands on one hand, and a somewhat unstable / slightly depressed global economy on the other, it's not hard to see why the situation would be tempting. 
@_date: 2013-08-24 13:41:21
Oh, try cutting a dollar bill in front of a Secret Service agent, and see if that dollar bill belongs to you. It does not. 
@_date: 2013-07-10 18:38:41
"I have altered the deal; pray I do not alter it again."
@_date: 2013-06-30 01:04:08
Followed shortly by general posting from the DEA asking "Does anyone know how to sell these things?" 
@_date: 2013-08-16 10:36:06
And I'm sure that 10%, or higher, are for drugs. Of course, since drug dealers typically do not use ledgers, nor report their results to the IRS, it's anyone's guess what the real number looks like.
@_date: 2013-04-25 18:21:34
The most secure bank, I imagine, is one where they frisk you a mile or two before you enter the area where the tellers are, and the money comes up through a dumb-waiter. It would not, I imagine, be very convenient...but it would be very secure. Oh, and withdrawals would require a blood sample, to ensure that you are really you.
The problem comes from the need to keep something secure (keeping people out), while letting people still conduct business (letting people in). It's a fun paradox, that is never solved to anyone's satisfaction, and tends to fall apart when someone is compelled enough to give it a tug.
Having said as much, I imagine a lot of these exchanges / wallet services suffer from two major problems: 1.) they want to be popular (the code needed to be written yesterday, and they are hoping that they can be popular, and patch things before anyone notices their approach to security is security by obscurity), and 2.) glass wall / the unknown / the thing staring you in the face that you refuse to see...they're programmers, were they thinking that IT would be compromised? Maybe, maybe not. Perhaps their home machines will be compromised, perhaps their girlfriends / boyfriends will thieve them, perhaps someone else will, perhaps a fire will burn down the building with all their stuff in it, etc. 
So what, you ask, is the point? Complexity. Keep It Simple Stupid. Quit storing your wallets with unproven online services! Let someone else find out whether it's secure or not. 
@_date: 2013-05-29 01:13:12
You keeping track of the brands that are failing? ;-)
@_date: 2013-05-01 10:56:08
*facepalms*...This is going to make turning down the Eugenics Society (again) this year so difficult...
@_date: 2013-04-15 04:47:16
1.) Bitcoins are not innately untraceable, contrary to popular fiction. You need to take special steps to make them...hard to trace, and making a mistake / being lazy at any point along the way can / will nail you.
2.) Just imagine doing with BitCoins anything you would do with your own country's currency. If it's illegal with that currency, it's safe to bet that it's probably illegal to do with BitCoins as well. Imagine explaining to a Judge, Jury, and DA that you hired a prostitute...it would never reach the point about the kind of currency used, which, I think, would be largely academic at that point. Did I mention the prostitute you hired will be the star witness for the DA, in return for a reduced sentence? Enjoy.
@_date: 2013-09-03 02:56:56
I'm noticing. It appears that something, almost like a subroutine, is attempting to destroy this world. This could be a good thing, if this world is a false world, and this world is serving only as a trap for sinister purposes; this could be a bad thing if the real world is, well, more messed up than this place, and this place is meant for people to get a chance to gather their thoughts / relax. The problem is that the truth is purely unknown...and even with the destruction of this world, any new world may simply be a new illusion. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 05:36:09
And I imagine more than a few of the NSA nerds have quietly borrowed time on one of their super-grids recently to test out 'a cryptographic currency generation apparatus of immediate interest' or something more intelligently worded. They must have done the math by now, and figured out that if they modify the standard BitCoin generator to run on one of their supercomputers, and do it for...say part of a Friday night...then zip those coins to each of their wallets...they might potentially have a pension even if the dollar collapses. A pension involving a few islands in the South Pacific, and one or two of the smaller Gulfstreams to their names...but it's still a pension. And it's not like it would be hard for, say, three or four of their programmers to make the necessary modifications in their free time...nor would it be hard to write up an official 'reason' for doing it...remember, it's 'for science.' 
Or they could continue to watch their ever-shrinking salaries / pensions, and investment portfolios in the dollar...which may or may not be doing well in the near future. QE 5's the charm, or so the Math boys tell me, right? 
@_date: 2013-07-03 03:58:35
Look at it from another aspect: perhaps the reason the US has such a sudden interest in putting tollbooths up (regulation) for it in and out is that they think it will happen, and want to profit as much as possible. It also means that Greed thoroughly controls these lands...
@_date: 2013-02-24 18:01:53
@_date: 2013-03-31 06:02:30
Considering the source, they're were probably thinking of 'cracker' when they wrote it; this is not a glorious return to its original meaning, but a mere continuation of what passes for journalism and the popular vernacular these days.
Remember, news these days thrives on fear, paranoia, hatred, and doubt. And fear about a new online currency put together by someone with magical talents (he might have hacked the Pentagon or something) would easily sell. The press is going to ride this thing until adoption rates are at least 49.99%, then they're going to have talk shows filled with experts who will talk about 'what it means.' *shudders* Look out for someone with a new best seller.
@_date: 2013-05-26 17:36:35
So...he / she either has a mind that makes use of middle endianness in a unique fashion (who knows, OI is weird) or possibly an endian-free mind, or he / she possibly is using a setup (machine, language, IDE, environment) where endianness doesn't matter, or is a second thought. Possibly some combination of both. There are, after-all, some human minds, considered damaged by some and incredible by others, where such things occur; i.e. some dyslexics are incredibly good at some tasks that boggle the minds of the orthodox. 
Since you're dealing with someone who may be Japanese, or at least wants to appear to speak Japanese, and also speak English, and also due to the way those languages express themselves...context-free memory would give him / her a huge advantage (i.e. their mind doesn't care if they read left to right or right to left, or up to down, down to up, etc...it has its own logic which enables it to decode things...of course, encoding or re-encoding is a hassle, assuming that his / her memory did not store the context of the language they were originally reading...which might be what you are seeing here...a brain that can see all endians at once, knows the right one to use going in, but going out has to check for the proper context, or, possibly, just invent a new one). It's something akin to a form of 'hyper-memory,' (think hyper-spheres / hyper-cubes...as opposed to spheres / cubes...if your memory can see all possible configurations of some data at once, and 'pick' the right one(s)...) that some of the psychs are interested in as a possible next phase of human evolution. Or I could be wrong. ;-) 
@_date: 2013-05-29 03:32:00
What, um, is too small in your world? I have a 960GB SSD on its way to my house...for about $600...the Crucial M500...and I think that's fairly large for a SSD.
Granted, it's a newer product, and the price point / performance is what kind of sold me on it. That and it's from Crucial, who tends to be good about things like memory. 
Let's see here...I've purchased a fair number of SSDs (I do IT in addition to programming, yay!), and with the exception of Corsair's Nova series (Indilinx Barefoot controller, oddly enough), I haven't had any trouble (Corsair Force, GT, Neutron, etc. tend to be fine). I'd be running with a Neutron if it weren't for the fact that Corsair doesn't make a 960GB SSD yet.
I am reading that they (the SSD community) did have some problems with the earlier SandForce controllers:  Hmm, according to this: OCZ is the brand to avoid for SSDs (I'm reading the M4 might be fine, but the Vertex line has some serious issues). Surprisingly, Intel is winning here...odd, since I would have thought their high prices and tiny capacities would have held them back from adoption from all but those who really like the Intel brand name. *shrugs* 
@_date: 2013-07-03 09:50:02
Yes and no. It will limit the utility of BitCoin, actually slowing its growth. Think of it this way: you are now going to get hit with additional paperwork / fees when using BitCoin, whereas before you were not; this makes it less palatable. 
@_date: 2013-05-26 17:45:34
Well, people have a vested interest in finding him / her, as it becomes the opening overture in an attack on BitCoin. Standard protocol is to find the inventor, discredit him / her or co-op him / her, and then begin dismantling everything else. If they found him / her, they'd arrest him / her or offer him / her a position to 'help' with a new currency or bring him / her on talk shows...all so they could get him / her out in the open, on their terms, to be paraded around like a circus animal, then, at some appointed time, an incident, or several of them would occur, and he / she would be made into a caricature of themselves. The caricature would be given all the focus and attention, while the original would spend all of his / her time trying to convince people of its falsity. Over time, the people would tire of the caricature, and forget the original or shoe away from him / her, as it was no longer 'fashionable' to be seen with him / her, and then charges or an accident or even just a quiet decline would probably occur. 
Whoever this Satoshi is, they would be wise never to reveal themselves. 
@_date: 2013-08-05 01:04:03
Stupidity. Saving is saving. Hoarding is saving that you do not like, typically when its your neighbor, and typically when you think you might profit from them not doing it.
For instance, buying several week's supply of Coke @ sale prices from the local store would be saving (yourself money, from your point of view, and the stores); buying a lifetime's supply of Coke @ sale prices from the local store would be hoarding (so far as the local store is concerned, in about three years, if enough people do it, as it affects their bottom line in a significant way; they prefer you buy sometimes on sale, sometimes not on sale...and in general, make them a nice profit, with many trips to the store; on the other hand, you might prefer to save money on gas by simply buying everything in bulk at once, and on sale...which tends to make your own accounts last longer). 
@_date: 2013-05-25 18:09:15


Hmm. Never used Liberty Reserve, curious as to what exactly it is, but the above statement...any truth to it?
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:30:31
Enjoy that capital gains tax...
@_date: 2013-03-31 15:48:34
Hmm. Actually, when I hear that phrase used, I imagine it's intended to trigger people into selling off some BitCoins -&gt; the idea is that someone wants to buy some, but can't figure out how to get them at a lower price; by using the social vice pathway, and guilting people into selling off a few more, supply is temporarily increased, and the buyer achieves their end. It's actually quite similar to the "you people need to spend BitCoins to spur demand" Jedi mind trick that some traders, IMHO, were attempting to pull a while back; it's just people looking for a temporary edge...and they're testing to see what your weaknesses are. 
As with anything, don't try to play your friends / neighbors / the guy next door; the only people who are succeeding there are, in all probability, occupying the upper floors of some buildings in NYC and illegally receiving information courtesy of our fair government (that's their edge). Buy or sell according to whether it benefits you, whether it sounds like a good decision according to your own weights and measures. And remember, while we all hope for a better world in the near future, jealousy has been an unfortunate staple of mankind for the past several thousand years; be on guard for it with yourself and others. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 03:33:35
How about no? We've tried chasing the lowest common denominator for I don't know how many years, and look where it has gotten us -&gt; your average PC user still doesn't know the first thing about the machine they're using. You can't really make BitCoin easier without destroying it...which is kind of the point; some of us are tired of being robbed. 
These are, like or not, financial matters. That alone should require someone's complete and undivided attention, as well as every reasonable, and sometimes unreasonable, precaution taken. The people who have been robbed to date are those who, despite repeated warnings, just couldn't say no to an online wallet service or a malware infestation. Look guys, this really, really isn't hard -&gt; put your wallet, in something like a TrueCrypt volume, on DropBox, and then link THAT to your phone. Two sets of passwords (do not store them in memory), possibly three if you remember to set a keypad password on the phone itself...and you're done. Not hard. Where's your wallet? Oh, it's in a Triple-AES+BlowFish encrypted volume, that I can automount on my phone, which requires both my DropBox password (since it's probably the same as my GMail password, 'cause that's how I roll), and my actual secure password that makes the store clerk think I'm paranoid it has so many characters. Hell, you can probably kickstart something / someone to build you can app that does this all automatically, from a single damn page, if you felt like donating / setting it up (assuming it does not already exist). 
So that's -&gt; donate money to developers -&gt; get the app -&gt; let other developers declare it kosher (no security bugs found) -&gt; done. If you want to be really ingenious, you could set it up to use multiple services, like SFTP, Amazon, etc. including DropBox. 
That's about as secure as you're going to get, while remaining decentralized. And remember, it only takes one guy working on the DB at an online wallet place to go bad, and those wallets are gone. 
@_date: 2013-04-13 21:54:19
A better question is, how are they still not able to hire anyone capable of keeping their site running? It's not like they aren't earning money, hand over fist, at this point. 
A site...which relies on PHP...and possibly MySQL on the backend...handling this much traffic...that goes up and down like a yo-yo...and is stuck in a feedback loop because 1.) the site owners refuse to move to something better, and 2.) the site was too popular when BitCoins began gaining popularity, thus ensuring that it continues to ride the crest of the wave, despite its constant problems. 
And you know their idea of new server will be a recycled Dell Power-Edge server with one of those overheating P4s and a dodgy (non-RAIDed) hard drive..."PHP can do anything!"...*shudders* /s
@_date: 2013-06-07 02:28:16
What's mine is mine, and what's yours is mine...these are the kind of people who could never be let into the proverbial garden of Eden, for the simple reason that even when confronted with more than they could ever want, they would still conspire to rule others. 
@_date: 2013-06-22 16:08:29
Hmm, if the metals markets are emptying themselves, there must be a reason. Now, is it a good reason (better investment opportunities), or a bad one (several large hedge funds had to dump their gold reserves to cover losses elsewhere)? The former is always possible, but given the weird atmosphere out there, it's somewhat unlikely that there's anything THAT enticing. The latter is more likely, given that it has occurred in the past on numerous occasions. 
Hmm, the Fed was supposed to taper off the money this month, right? That would slow the inflation of the money supply...perhaps some people were hiding out in the metals, and now that the storm has temporarily abated (we don't know if it has passed), they're coming out of the proverbial storm cellar to see if there are any opportunities to make some quick cash off of. While the Fed isn't printing money, they are possibly 'safe,' and, if the Fed returns to printing money, they can always return to the metals, possibly with their gains, minus any premiums they have to pay to get back in (which, if enough of the big players exit at the same time, drops the re-entry price, as you're seeing above). They cash out of gold high when the Fed stopped printing money, gold dives because of the volume, people think that gold isn't worth anything anymore (derp), meanwhile the people who cashed out have been running some quick games to add as much as they can before the Fed announces that they are going to do something (like print money again), at which point, they return to the metals (or something else), possibly buying in at an even lower price (since panic has crept into the market since they left), the others reverse course when they see the metals market (or whatever) climb. Remember, these people get advance notice long before the public of when the Fed is going to do something, so they have plenty of time to get into position. A rigged game is a rigged game.  
@_date: 2013-06-25 02:31:54
And I've slowly come to believe that most people are NPCs, until proven otherwise. They simply have too limited a response pattern to be fully there...and the lack of problem solving skills / acknowledgement of any identity (1=1) style tests is something of a giveaway. 
@_date: 2013-07-03 03:48:46
Umm, you kind of hit the nail on the head: the US has lead the pack, IMHO, in shutting down the current entrances / exits to the BitCoin network. This limits the utility of BitCoins...but only temporarily, as we've seen new exchanges taking up the slack. 
@_date: 2013-06-25 02:27:57
I'm starting to think there's a NAND where there should be an OR somewhere in the grand logic of the universe...
@_date: 2013-01-20 02:22:52
By the time it is widely adopted enough for states to consider taxing it, the states will have much bigger problems. 
But then, anyone watching the state of the union is aware of this.
@_date: 2013-06-08 07:56:42
Nonsense. If you want to mess with the NSA, just pump the internet &amp; all related EM bands with white noise (or the digital equivalent thereof). Vary it randomly (using seeds from three sources, true randomness, etc.), and their filters will be unable to adapt. 
Next week I'll show you how to blind a US Navy spybird using a laser pointer and a few items from your garage (and possibly radio shack). 
God I love living in a free country where I can say these kinds of things, and not have it show up in any sort of court system or filing software. Makes me proud to wear the Red, White, and Blue to know that our troops are out there dying in foreign lands, thousands of miles away from home, usually alone and scared, and are doing so that we, the people, can enjoy such taken for granted liberties.  
@_date: 2013-08-24 02:00:53
Nonsense. You ever look at a US Dollar? It says "United States" right there, on the paper itself...they are just taking back what is already theirs.