@_author: rossrjensen
@_date: 2019-09-18 19:19:00
A lot of people just buy $ amounts of a coin, not focused on the coin amount. I personally know someone pretty novice to crypto that accidentally bought Bitcoin Cash thinking it was Bitcoin. If I have seen it, it surely happens on a larger scale than you want to admit.
You're also missing the point by arguing "smart people wouldn't get confused". You do realize that Ver has made the argument repeatedly that Bitcoin Cash is the "real" Bitcoin on countless occasions, right? How is this not obfuscation, intended to mislead or confuse people? 
Ver is a businessman, he understands the value/importance of branding. He knows how much name recognition and power comes with the term "Bitcoin" and he is clearly trying to capitalize on it.
@_date: 2019-09-18 19:51:01
The post you responded to simply said they are misled into buying Bitcoin Cash rather than Bitcoin and you end up with a fraction of what you expected when cashing out. Your counterpoint is that doesn't happen. What you are saying is right, that sort of thing (clicking "buy Bitcoin" at Bitcoin prices and ending up with BCH) should not happen and would be outright theft. *My* point is how being misled to purchasing the wrong cryptocurrency is damaging.
So, in response to your post, if a person did make the mistake of buying BCH instead of BTC, yes, they would now own $100 of a digital asset....that they did not want. They can fix that problem *if* they have noticed it. It will only cost them more fees to exchange, which would likely annoy most people rather than infuriate them. 
How about two other scenarios if they *didn't* notice it, however?
1. What if they try to use it, thinking they are using Bitcoin? This can cause a variety of issues and waste a lot of time. This is what happened to my friend.
2. What if they buy it with the intention to hold for 5 years (hypothetical scenario here)? During that time, the price of Bitcoin appreciates 10 fold. Meanwhile, the price of Bitcoin Cash falls to $1. This could very well be the type of thing the poster you responded to was trying to communicate.
How do you think these would affect that person?
This is why Ver's "bait and switch" or "brand confusion" tactics are insidious and anti-consumer. They also negatively affect Bitcoin's reputation - as evidence on how - large consumer brands are often blamed when consumers end up with counterfeit versions of their products. Novice consumers, as it turns out, blame the brand, not the counterfieter, sometimes taking time to write negative reviews, damaging the brand's reputation.
@_date: 2019-09-13 00:04:40
Exactly...not all that different than what happened in 2017 (or 2013/14 for that matter), just more exposure and better tech this time.