@_author: rossfm
@_date: 2019-02-25 14:55:36
I think the article is probably right;
“My best guess at what happened - they arrested someone who sold something to the actual hackers, but not the hackers themselves.”  
Basically, they spent some on the dark web. Some totally separate investigation busting some low level guy selling fake IDs or something. 
@_date: 2019-01-07 08:47:18
One thing to keep in mind - if a government is turning over it's citizens to the US, usually the agreement involves it working the other way around.
If it doesn't, the person to be angry at are the leaders of the one that's allowing their citizens to be taken without the same in return.
Countries will always want to get their hands on people who mess with them, from anywhere. What matters is to what extent YOUR country allows other ones to do it it's citizens. 
@_date: 2019-01-10 07:16:55
No payment processing, at least not part of the plan yet. 
It’s all “invest in cryptocurrency” focused really. 
The first few services they’ll be offering are covered more in depth here 
@_date: 2019-01-29 09:27:21
I agree, and the author points that out too.  
So far it's for 'rewards' but I imagine allowing it to go the other way, for punishments, wouldn't be too hard. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 00:55:14
The world where you imagine government imposed laws don’t effect everyone involved, and where you imagine mass adoption happening without corporations playing a role in it (I mean, we at least want them accepting Bitcoin as a payment method don’t we?!) - is a fantasy. 
Sure - it’s a wet dream to imagine it exploding from only peer to peer word of mouth, as those currently in power are helpless to stop it because they’ve been rendered powerless. That dream will never become reality. 
The average person who’s barely technically literate beyond using social media, would literally never acquire BTC without these companies making it as easy as buying things on amazon is, and spending the BTC just as simple.
The kind of person unbothered by governments printing money backed by nothing, are the same ones who have no interest in ever seeing their private key.  Just make it easy enough where it can be used without thinking about why or how it works. 
@_date: 2019-01-19 14:15:00
Don’t get me wrong, I’m with you in a “yeah that would be nice” way. 
But you can’t blurt out “revolution” after describing it as something used by a small amount of insiders.  
You can brush off 'the nobodies' but then everything else needs to be re-imagined with 90% of the population not participating in it. 
Used by small amount of people for payments, will always also mean accepted as a form of payment in an equally small amount of locations.
I just can’t match up the word “revolution” when the experience you describe would be me with Bitcoin but still only using my Visa card when I left the house.
I guess it’s subjective so, your not “wrong”.  To me you are though. 
Cheers. 
@_date: 2018-12-21 23:27:54
The argument that would need to be made in response, and I actually think is totally truthful is: blockchain/cryptocurrency based companies avoiding the US is a massive net loss of taxable income between corporate taxes and the taxes their employees would pay. 
Some of these companies incorporated elsewhere have US born founders, and they're not tax dodgers, they're being forced to be.
@_date: 2018-12-28 06:44:59
In the first sentence of the article, the word 'bill' in blue is a link that will take you to an article from a couple days before this one, which is about the bills contents (and why that info isn't repeated in this one, which is focused on surround circumstances) 