@_author: rosti_lfc
@_date: 2015-12-24 13:43:14
It's because the EU standard limit is set at €100,000 - that used to be around £85k, but is now worth around £75k because exchange rates have moved. 
@_date: 2015-12-24 13:45:27
Because the likelihood of *all* banks going bust is much lower than the likelihood of one or two going under. Especially considering that there are plenty of banks out there which are relatively small and local and still covered by the FSCS. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 12:51:04


Because darknet stuff is one of the main black spots on Bitcoin's reputation. The whole "it's just used to buy illegal drugs and weapons" is one of the main arguments used to put people off Bitcoin in terms of mainstream acceptance. Regular people will be less inclined to use Bitcoin if all they hear about it is links to illegal activity. 
People believe that mainstream acceptance is something that will cause Bitcoin prices to skyrocket, therefore for anyone holding large amounts of BTC as an investment, they'd probably want all this darknet stuff to go away because it's only hurting their chances of seeing $1000/BTC ever again.
A lot of weird behaviour and posts in this subreddit becomes far more logical when you consider a lot of people have a direct financial incentive for commenting and voting based on whatever is most likely to make more people buy more Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 16:07:47
It probably will for some people, probably won't for others. And that's dependent on what you believe to begin with. 
Either way I think there's a reasonable split on here between people who like the darknet shopping aspect for idealistic reasons (or because it's a direct reason to use bitcoin over traditional currency) and people who don't because they see it as harmful to the reputation and potential of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-20 11:01:07
You don't think any of these neckbeard techies might work as financial analysts, in particular with some relation to large investment funds? 
Maybe the people who hold huge amounts of money don't see or care whether bitcoin is a good investment or not, but I'd imagine the people they pay to actually put their money in the right places do. With the amount of media coverage Bitcoin has had, I really doubt that people running investment funds haven't at least taken a decent look at it and its potential.
If the potential of bitcoin was such a certainty and so obvious that all you needed to do to understand the 'true value' was to browse Reddit and read the right articles telling you so, then I'm pretty sure the guys who work for the guys who have huge wallets would have come to the same conclusion already. Aside from the fact that Bitcoin could become a mass commodity for transactions and still not be guaranteed to go up in price much - if people are moving from USD to BTC, making the transaction, and instantly switching back from BTC to USD then the price is basically irrelevant so long as it's high enough to maintain that temporary holding volume.
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:53:52
Ah ok ok, we're arguing totally different points here. 
I'm saying that bitcoin is zero-sum from the standpoint of solely looking at forex trading and people intending to make money through bitcoing trading. I still believe quite strongly that this is the case, because I don't see how bitcoin differs or can differ from any other forex market in that regard.
You (as far as I can tell) are saying that bitcoin is not zero-sum in terms of its net value to people and society as a whole on a larger scale. I'd say that yeah, it probably is a net positive (or at least has the capability to be). But I think that's a whole higher level of thinking, and isn't really the kind of thing I was including in my original statement - I wasn't meaning to include the bigger picture impact of bitcoin in what I was saying.
@_date: 2014-10-20 10:20:10
Because the level of uncertainty and promise fluctuates. Also because when hype gets a load of people involved who don't really know what they're doing or understand the real uncertainties, but feel like it's a good thing, the price can be influenced by that. That's pretty much how all bubbles happen.
He's not saying the price won't ever be 10,000. He's just saying that it's not such a sure-fire bet that you'd be stupid for not going all-in on it. 
@_date: 2014-11-03 14:10:23


@_date: 2014-10-01 20:53:43
The issue with speculators, in my opinion (which is clearly different to yours, but hey), is that they make the crashes and bubbles to begin with. If people are just holding bitcoin to hold bitcoin, to use it, to exchange to/from dollars when they need to, then across thousands of people that all averages out to a roughly stable exchange rate.
When you've got people who are explicitly just trying to buy low and sell high, then those are the people who accelerate the positive and negative trends. They're the people who create bubbles and crashes because they're the only people who are actually giving a shit about the price of bitcoin in the first place. How often do you think average Americans ever look at the international exchange rates for the dollar or consumer price index - hardly at all, because when you're using it as a proper currency rather than an investment it's not a number that you concern yourself with, even though it does matter to you in terms of how much your money is worth. 
Speculators were needed to pump enough money into bitcoin to actually get it off the ground and to have enough total value so that transactions are fractions of a fraction of a percent and *can* average out, but they're bad for people who are trying to actually live using bitcoin rather than traditional currency, because they tie Bitcoin's value to its perceived potential as an investment (which is very hard to predict and therefore fluctuates and is unstable), rather than to it's usefulness as a currency or payment method.
And currencies don't need a predictable value to be a currency, but they need a predictable value to actually be a *useful* currency. If retailers can't operate on 30 or 90 day invoice terms and such on purchases because they have no idea what their bitcoin sales are going to be worth in 30 or 90 days, then they'll convert to a currency where they can. 
Bitcoin is nothing more than a payment method so long as it's reliant on everyone changing it in and out of dollars, euros, or whatever at either end. Decentralisation aside, if that's how it's being used then it's functionally no different to the kind of electronic money transfers you get with Visa or Mastercard. Until widespread prices in Bitcoin represent prices in Bitcoin, rather than just prices in multiplied by the current BTC/USD exchange rate, then it's not its own currency. And it won't do that until the value of a bitcoin is at least somewhat approaching stable.
@_date: 2014-10-01 19:03:48
Most of what you say I agree with, but two minor points:
• Here's a good one - cant pay my buddy the 10 bucks I owe without first driving to an ATM. Bitcoin is more convenient in this case. He has a phone I have a phone - send it.
Most banks in the UK offer phone apps now that allow payments like these (I think to a limit of £40 if it's a new payee, much higher limit if it's someone you've sent money to before). And I'd be surprised if it wasn't available in other countries too, or at least will be shortly.
The other issues I have with some of your points come from using bitcoin as a currency in a world still dominated by the dollar, euro, or whatever, which is that any transaction eventually has to be stood against the dollar and in that sense bitcoin is still incredibly volatile. 
You mention that prices are inflated to cover the cost of credit cards - I'd be amazed if bitcoin prices didn't have to be similarly inflated to cover the potential losses to the retailer if bitcoin drops in value before they can cash it into dollars. Plus any commission they might have to pay on that sale of bitcoins to dollars if they're not using a free system. 
You're bang on that bitcoins are not mutually exclusive with credit cards though, and I'm not sure enough people appreciate that. And there's no reason to choose one or the other - credit cards do have various benefits that bitcoins don't have (payment protection against fraudulent sales, are supported pretty much *anywhere* online or physically) and vice-versa, and people can easily see the benefits of both of them. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:12:36
If you buy Bitcoins for dollars, where do those dollars go? To other people. If you sell Bitcoins for dollars, where do those dollars come from? Other people.
If you ignore transaction fees and commissions, the sum of profits that people have made from bitcoins is always equal to the amount of money that people have paid into the bitcoin system and haven't tried to take back out again. If people make $1m out of bitcoin, then that's because there's an extra $1m people have spent in bitcoins they're currently holding.
I've seen a lot of convincing arguments that it's not zero-sum too, but they're all flawed. The majority of them prey on the idea that if you have Bitcoins worth $5, then you have $5, and then extrapolate that to suggest that if everyone has $5 of bitcoins then *everyone* has $5. That's not true. For single transactions it works, but if *everyone* with $5 of bitcoins tried to sell at the same time then there'd be no demand, the price would plummet, and suddenly they're not worth $5 any more. Your $5 of bitcoins is only worth anything if there's someone prepared to buy them from you.
The market capital of bitcoin (price multiplied by the total number of BTC) is usually higher than the total amount put into bitcoin and can also be used to argue it's not zero-sum, but in a similar way there's no way for that entire market capital to be transferred back into fiat currency without obliterating the price and shrinking what the market capital is worth. 
Long-term it's always zero-sum (it's actually negative if you include commissions and transaction fees). It doesn't feel that way because there'll probably always be value invested in the blockchain, and while that value stays invested there are people who have made off with an equal value in dollars or other fiat currencies. Ultimately [all forex systems are zero-sum]( because currencies themselves don't inherently create new value, they just allow value to be exchanged. It also [doesn't matter from an investing standpoint]( anyway so long as there are people just using the currencies as currencies  and not looking to profit. 
Stocks and shares would be the same, except they pay out dividends tied through company profits (because companies do tend to create value) and that tips the balance into the positive rather than zero-sum. Bitcoin doesn't have that mechanism, and that means the only way to make money through Bitcoin is from other people buying them from you for more than you paid. And if you run that chain to the very end eventually you get people who have bought bitcoins with nobody else left in line to make a profit from. For every guy who has made $1000 through bitcoin there's someone who at one point paid for $1000's worth of bitcoin with no guarantee they'll be able to get their $1000 back out the system.
That doing better enough?
@_date: 2014-10-01 22:50:39


It's not about whether the price stays the same, it's about whether it's stable or not. Speculators don't just sell when the price goes up and buy when it goes down - commissions make margin trading in that way horribly inefficient and if you're as smart as you're trying to brag you should know that. It's not just about making any profit, that's easy, - it's about making a profit that actually justifies the time you've spent and gives you a better cost of capital than you'd have gotten just sticking the money into equity or bonds. Speculators will sell when they think the price isn't going to go up *any further*, which can often let the real price drift a long way from where it's actually supposed to be. And then if there's a blip that drains confidence it's going to rise any more, you get mass selling. The whole reason you get runs on banks and such in the mainstream economic climate is when investors pull out and accelerate a downward trend that might have been fine otherwise. 
Traditional currencies like the dollar don't ever stay at the same price, but major economic collapse aside, it's still stable. It's constantly changing but the changes are small (as you said originally, Bitcoin is currently seeing much higher inflation than USD/EUR right now, and that's despite it now being a period of relatively stability for Bitcoin value). Even when Scottish independence suddenly shifted towards actually being a feasible referendum outcome a few weeks ago, the British pound only fell by 1% - Bitcoin easily sees that kind of rise or fall on a daily basis for little discernible reason whatsoever. It's behaving far more like a stock index than a currency at the moment.


Absolutely nothing you trade on Forex is dominated by speculators - they're all commodities where speculation has a minimal impact on supply and demand because the bulk of the total value in a commodity is held outside of margin trading and that acts as a massive ballast - the dollar could tank and look like a terrible investment but it would need to do that for ages before the masses would stop wanting/needing dollars and the main demand would actually drop.
The issue with Bitcoin, in particular Bitcoin at the end of 2013, is that most of the money going through it was speculation - it *was* dominated by speculators in a way that currencies, commodities and equities never are. The moment Bitcoin looks like it's peaked, nobody has a reason to hold Bitcoins any more and the demand totally crashes, until it gets so low that people figure it can't get lower and start buying again and you get exactly the kind of ridiculous dips and troughs that were around last December when it was fluctuating up or down by like 10% a day.


That's not what I'm saying whatsoever. What I'm saying is that there has to be enough usefulness, enough demand for bitcoin in the public domain, that it becomes more than just a playtoy for people who are investing. It has to get to the point where more people are holding bitcoins to actually use them than people holding them to try and make a profit when they sell back to dollars. Speculators will still fluctuate the price, but by a much smaller amount and by an amount that won't wreak havoc with businesses that rely on bitcoins. Otherwise I would say there's no inherent value in Bitcoin as a concept other than a financial game dominated entirely by a fragile perception of whether USD per Bitcoin is going to be higher or lower next week or next month than it is right now.
It's not about whether speculators keep irrespective of the price, it's about whether speculation remains almost the sole driver of supply or demand.
@_date: 2014-10-01 15:03:13
People won't want to be paid in bitcoin when the price is as volatile as it is now. I have a mortgage, council tax, energy and water bills etc to pay, all in GBP. I can't afford the risk of my salary being worth 10-15% less halfway through the month than it was when I got paid at the start (last month the drop from my paydate of Aug 31st to when most of my bills come in on Sep 20th would have been from 483 to 435 USD/XBT). Obviously things can go the other way, but the joy of having an extra few hundred pounds in my pocket is nothing compared to the pain of not being able to afford mortgage or credit card payments. 
Bonuses and tips are different because they're extras, but an adult choosing to be paid a salary in bitcoin right now is basically putting everything from their credit rating and their ability to even get online to spend bitcoins, to their entire property and livelihood entirely at the mercy of highly volatile and unpredictable fluctuations in bitcoin price. At best that's incredibly ballsy and committed to an ideal, but my personal opinion would be that's it's a hugely risky and stupid thing to do.
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:42:29
I think it's actually just confusion over the word "simply". I would say he means simply as "in simple terms", that a layman could understand, rather than "concisely".
Obviously the audience will still matter in reality, but if you really understand something then it should be possible to work it in a way that a personal of average intelligence could grasp.
@_date: 2014-10-17 13:38:06
Not typically. There are current accounts that cost £10-50 a month but for those you usually get some secondary benefits like travel/home/smartphone insurance, higher credit or overdraft limits, better interest rates, etc. Pretty much all high-street banks don't charge any money for current accounts unless you go overdrawn. 
@_date: 2014-12-01 10:55:08
It's not PayPal that's broken. They have shitty customer service and a  dumb way of dealing with a lot of things, but if assholes are going to lie and chargeback goods which they genuinely received, then someone has to take the financial hit somewhere. It's an inherent issue with any transaction where one party has to send money or goods in blind faith that the other party will hold up the other end of the bargain because simultaneous transactions aren't possible.
All PayPal are doing are passing on the debt to the person who actually has the power and ability to take up a legal dispute over the debt. Either that, or they refuse to allow any kind of charge-backs once payment has been made, but then people receiving goods lose any protection over scams from sellers, which is a big reason why people use PP to begin with. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 19:07:38
The value has at least hit a consistent trend now, which actually makes it far more useful as a currency. It's a negative trend, which is far from ideal, but it at least seems to be predictable. It's still seeing much larger swings than any other currency or even share price, but it's resembling those sorts of graphs a lot more if you ignore the magnitude. 
I'm pretty sure the fairly consistent drop in value is from people who came into bitcoin trying to make quick bucks from the gold-rush "to the moon!" stuff, and who are now slowly abandoning any hope of seeing $1000/BTC again and so are cutting their losses. Once the user-base again starts to be dominated by people trying to use the currency rather than exploit it to get rich quick, the price should stabilise because it has no reason to jump around all over the place.
@_date: 2014-10-01 18:22:35


Sure, but how many people are actually able to go down that route or need to, except for careers which are highly entrepreneurial or careers that are inherently illegal (both of which have their own negatives and own risks)? I could see the benefits when working internationally in various locations, but constantly moving around has its own traps and downsides. 
And personally I've never felt trapped, I live pretty comfortably. I could have easily kept renting if I'd wanted to - buying property was my own personal choice. And I've got enough in various savings to keep myself going for a good few months if I have issues, but not if both my income *and* my savings accounts all go down the shit together because something else like the Mtgox bullshit or just general long-term negativity tanks the bitcoin value. 
Either way, having your earnings and life savings in a currency that is incredibly volatile is still going to present its own problems to you, unless you're earning so much that you can lose 30% of it and still make rent and food, or if you're still living with your parents and actually money is barely any object to you.
@_date: 2014-10-01 23:30:43


This is a strawman argument. It's an entirely different scenario when you're comparing an individual handling currency in that way, and the collective general population doing it. If almost every transaction involving Yen went from Dollars and then back into Dollars because nobody wanted to hold onto Yen for any longer than they had to, then yes it would pretty much cease to be a currency - you've basically just de facto replaced Yen with Dollars as your main operating currency (happened in Zimbabwe, albeit for slightly more pressing reasons) and the conversion to/from Yen is just a payment route. 
Bitcoin is less useful if you can't just let it sit in your wallet for fear of it losing value or purchasing power. It doesn't render it *useless*, but it stops it being able to break the link to fiat currency and it also creates a whole load of extra hassle and financial inefficiencies from having to constantly convert it to/from traditional currencies. It doesn't become any less useful than, say, Paypal, but it isn't as powerful as it could be if the value was more stable.


Completely agree, it needed speculators and investors to seed the pool and actually provide some liquidity. And I guess drive solid trading platforms to actually exist and finance them through commission on high volumes of trading. But I don't think a market can live on speculation alone and at some point people have to start picking things up and actually *use* Bitcoin rather than simply try and make a few bucks from it. In my opinion if it stays dominated by speculation then it massively hinders it from being useful for anything other than speculation. 
And to steal a quote from Keynes: "Speculators may do no harm as bubbles on a steady stream of enterprise. But the situation is serious when enterprise becomes the bubble on a whirlpool of speculation". I feel Bitcoin is almost entirely about the speculation, or at least was towards the end of 2013 when it had so much hype. My original comment way, way back was just saying that the last few months it seems far less so because it's all died down a fair amount. Speculation kicked things off, but it also had to calm down for things to properly move up a few gears.
@_date: 2014-12-09 09:13:54
I find this place to be a particularly interesting microcosm of Reddit. Usually you see lots of sub circlejerk about how great the sub focus is, and that's unsurprising because most of the reason people are on the sub in the first place is because they like the core sub focus - any positive posts are preaching to the converted in a sense.
Yet here, here is one of the few places where the majority of the people in the sub also have a financial incentive to talk and upvote about how amazing their sub focus is. It's not just that some people are just a bit insane and deluded about the wonders of bitcoin, it's that they also have the belief that every positive hype they say has a chance of raising the price a bit and making them some money.
I have no doubt that there are some major players out there on financial markets with an interest and maybe quite a bit of value held in bitcoin, but I don't buy that there's some huge conspiracy to murder it. It's just that if bitcoin isn't successful people would rather believe that it was because some big fat cat conspiracy undermined and destroyed it to keep the status quo, rather than because it just wasn't actually the revolution that those people thought it would or should be. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 10:24:38


This is probably one of the most powerful statements I've seen on here in a while. Nowhere near enough people seem to understand that the whole Bitcoin investment game is basically zero-sum in the long run (when you include money held in the currency at least), and that's easily the most concise way I've seen it summaried. 
@_date: 2014-10-01 14:54:52


Because long-term they won't succeed as anything else. Investing in bitcoin is a zero-sum game if nobody ever spends it without converting back to fiat currency first.
You can only sell bitcoin for X dollars if someone else is happy to lose X dollars to gain bitcoin. If their motivation is to invest for a profit then that means at some point in time they're going to sell to someone else for Y dollars who is going to lose Y dollars for bitcoin.
If the price goes up and up forever and people continue to believe it'll go up and up forever then that model works and everyone can profit off bitcoin. Except that can't possibly happen, because for it to work it needs the total value and demand for bitcoin to also go up and up forever, and obviously those aspects will have a ceiling on them. Eventually you end up with a bunch of people buying bitcoin nobody wants to buy any more, and if they can't then spend bitcoin on anything else and there's no demand to convert back to dollars, then they've just chucked all their money into a sink until the price falls and the demand goes up again. 
More likely (and what seems to happen now), you end up with a price that kind of stabilises and fluctuates but which stops being an investment any more, just a platform for people to try and win out of margin trading (except because it's zero sum other people eventually have to lose). 
If people never use bitcoin for anything other than a means to make money, then it stops being a decent platform to make money because it basically just reduces to a form of gambling as the price is almost entirely unpredictable. Stocks and shares at least have their price tied to the performance of a company, but the price of bitcoin is almost completely tied to the general consensus opinion on bitcoin, which is far harder to predict ahead of time.
The only other thing it could be besides a platform for purchases is a way to store money without bank involvement, but in that sense it's no different to just buying a load of gold and burying it in a safe under your house. And I don't think there are that many people out there who are willing to trade security of funds for complete lack of interest return on their stored money anyway.
@_date: 2014-10-01 20:01:02
I'm not entirely sure what you're saying (how about you actually engage in discussion instead of just being blindly condescending, dismissive and what I can only assume is sarcastic)?
Isn't the whole point of a currency that, even if it's an intangible man-made asset, it at least holds predictable value? The purchase of something in exchange for dollars is based on the idea that when you then want to exchange those dollars for another item, they're worth approximately the same amount in a few days or weeks' time, except cash provides an element of convenience that items such as gold do not.
With bitcoins this is only now even remotely starting to be the case - it's never really been useful as a currency before except for transactions where people almost immediately go to and from USD or some other fiat currency at either side. When a retailer determines the price by just converting the dollar price to bitcoins, and then immediately exchanges the bitcoins into dollars after the transaction, then that's not being a currency, that's just being a payment method. 
It's still crappy that Bitcoin is falling in value and has been for the last six months, but it's doing so in at least a rough straight line for the last four or five months - it's gained what looks like an element of predictability compared to a year ago.
I'm not trying to dismiss your point with blind naivity and stupid optimism here (go look at some of my other comments on here), but if I was running a business I'd much rather deal in a currency I can expect to be seeing 10% inflation each month than one which could be 200% deflation or inflation either way. 10% consistent inflation you can adjust prices and margins to accommodate for based on your accounting cycle, completely unpredictable and massive losses and gains you can't. 
And the fact that it's a negative trend should make it less appealing to the speculators and get-rich-quick investors in Bitcoin who were the whole cause of bubbles and crashes to begin with. Which puts a far greater proportion of bitcoins into the hands of people just looking to make payments with them. 
@_date: 2014-09-29 10:11:51


That's complete nonsense. There's no point being a "strong hand" on an investment that has been slowly declining for months now and has no guarantee to start swinging upwards again because the hype bubble has long been and gone. The price will almost certainly stabilise at some point, but there's no certainty it'll do any more than that. All your "strong hand" is doing is getting lower and lower in value as all the so-called "weak hands" realise that it's not going to be a great investment and jump ship to cut their losses. Maybe it'll go back up again eventually but just because people are out there holding onto things doesn't mean that it will. 
If people want to keep their money in bitcoin because they're trying to live without fiat currency, then props to those people and if you believe in the ideal then I guess it's fine (though it'll suck that your wages end up worth less in a month's time if you don't spend them than they were when you got paid). But as an investment Bitcoin is looking like an outright terrible option right now. It's got a 3 month return of -33% (in a fairly consistent manner too), when you'd be between +0.5% and +3% if you'd invested in something more typical like bonds or share indexes. 
The reason the price went up so much at the end of 2013 wasn't because suddenly everyone bought into the idea - it was because it got a huge amount of attention as a quick way to make money. A ton of people put in a lot of money and either got out with a very nice return or lost quite a bit depending on how their luck panned out. Either way that era is long over now, and at best you'd be hoping for the price to eventually stabilise and then very slowly rise again, because there's almost nothing that would ever re-spark the 2013 hype train.
The value of bitcoin is inherently linked to the amount of money people are holding in it. With it looking like a shit investment there's no reason for people to put in any more (unless they believe in the ideal, but in that case they're probably already on board), and as the value drops you've only got more and more people who are going to cut their losses and get out, reducing the bitcoing pool and its value even further. 
@_date: 2014-11-03 11:27:20
Add in that whatever financial incentive gets offered has to be at least comparable to the amount they earn by just keeping quiet and taking their salary, which is probably pretty substantial. 
Would take a lot more than something like $40k crowdfunded to be a major incentive to give up a six figure salary, at least if you're going to try and entice people where money is a key motivation. 
@_date: 2014-09-30 12:56:05
You really think a company with over 230 million active customers really cares about a petition with a few thousand signatures in it? 5,000 seconds is an hour and a half. 230 million seconds is seven and a half years. The scale of magnitude isn't even close. Amazon *employs* over 30 times the number of people who have signed this so far...
Even if, relatively speaking, it was barely any trouble for them, the amount of cost and effort to change their website, their account systems, iron out the kinks etc would still almost certainly outstrip whatever extra income they get from attracting a few thousand new customers. And lets face it, most people who have bitcoins probably use Amazon plenty already. It's not like it suddenly opens up a market of people who aren't already into online commerce. 
When other companies are out there showing that bitcoin is starting to take a high share of total transactions, maybe Amazon would start to see that as a sign of demand for it, but why would they bother until then? Companies like Overstock will go for bitcoin to try and generate some hype, or maybe as a unique selling point - either way as a means to try and steal some market share. Amazon just don't even need to play that game right now because they're so far ahead. They're in a massively dominant position for online retail, they have no incentive whatsoever to be a first-adopter of anything. 
@_date: 2014-10-20 16:20:59
You got sources for any of this or is it all just coming through tin foil hats? Or your circle of hedge fund manager poker buddies?
There are plenty of investment communities that aren't slow and cautious - venture capital and the like for example. High-risk, high-reward investments are pretty integral to pretty much any balanced investment portfolio. 
And you've still not really countered my point that if the benefits and profitability of bitcoin are *so obvious* and *so guaranteed* as people here seem to think they are, then there's no reason why proper investors won't have been crawling all over it for months.
@_date: 2014-09-29 11:16:30
You forgot "sharks"
@_date: 2014-09-29 11:11:37
Oh come on... actually take a look at [the graph](
It's up from 1 year ago, with a whole shitload of crazy shenanigans and rises and crashes in between. On the other hand it's down 33% from 3 months ago, with a fairly consistent and systemic negative trend. As with all investments "past performance doesn't indicate future performance" but obvious trends and the logical explanations behind them are important.
The reason the price went up can be easily explained by the fact that Bitcoin got a ton of hype, was seen as a way to "get rich quick", and that's what caused the rapid explosions and subsequent crashes in value. The reason the price is now steadily going down is because it no longer has that hype, and more and more people who never cared about using it as a currency are dropping the hope of it going back up again as an investment.
You're acting like the price fluctuations are caused by random number magic, when in reality they're dominated by human perception of bitcoin and the amount of attention it has. Unless you can think of a very good reason *why* the price will start going back up again, there's no reason to expect it will. The hype period is over - it'll most likely stabilise at a value and then the price will behave like any other currency, probably with a slow price rise over time but with the downside that you don't earn savings account interest on bitcoins. 
@_date: 2016-01-11 16:48:13
Yes, but gold is an entirely different ballgame. Gold has a decades of price history to give you at least a rough idea of how volatile it's likely to be, and how much you can expect the value to change across a year. And it's relatively easy to buy and sell gold in huge quantities (talking like $100k+ here) with established and trusted financial entities with no risk that they'll pull a mtgox on you halfway through the trade. There's risk on any investment, but gold is at least a known quantity - Bitcoin at this point really isn't. Plus Bitcoin is always at a risk that some newer cryptocurrency could surpass it (or just become the new flavour of choice) and tank demand, whilst gold is pretty secure in its industrial and financial capacity considering it can't be superseded technologically. 
And those who bought gold in the 2008 crash didn't really do all that well - it's more that those who *already had* gold did well. Typically once the stock market has already crashed then there's not much you can do other than accept you've lost money or sit and hold for the long term. $1000 of gold bought after the 2008 crash is worth less today than $1000 of investment in Western equity funds post-crash is currently worth.
@_date: 2016-01-11 16:36:56
I can see zero evidence that bitcoin is at all popular in a stock market crash. 
All global markets saw a massive sell-off of 5-10% in the middle of August 2015, probably one of the biggest since 2008, and bitcoin didn't swing up whatsoever. It actually went down by around 10% through the middle of August as well. 
@_date: 2016-01-11 16:27:59
Except typically in times where stocks and equities are performing badly, people tend to jump to safer and less volatile options like gilts and bonds. I really doubt that bad performance in stock markets, at least in the shorter term, is ever likely to push big-money investors towards an incredibly volatile and unpredictable thing like Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-08-14 19:14:47
There are a few differences between stock and bitcoins.
Firstly, if you own stocks in Apple, then you'll receive dividends at fixed intervals just for having them - currently these total about $2.20 a year per stock. These dividends are based on the profitability of Apple as a company, not on the share price. 
Secondly, if you own stock in Apple then you have some element of control over the company and say in how it is run.
Thirdly, if someone decides to buy out Apple as a company, then by owning shares you receive a percentage of the purchase price depending on the percentage of shares you own out of the total for the company. (This is also why market cap matters, because it indicates typically the minimum price a company would be valued at if you were to buy it out 100%)
These all serve to give some value to shares that's inherent to the profitability of the company that the shares are for, rather than just "how much will someone else buy my share for". If everyone does decide to sell their shares in Apple then the price will definitely drop, but it'll retain a fair amount of value so long as Apple remains profitable as a company, because that still keeps the shares attractive to potential buyers (and it gives people reasons not to sell in the first place). Company shares have inherent value that's based on something other than what the market thinks they're worth. (You can and do get bubbles with share prices, but these are usually for start-up companies where people try and value shares based on potential future profitability and turn out to wildly overestimate it.)
On the other hand Bitcoin has none of these. There's no "profitability" for Bitcoin as an entity. If you buy and hold Bitcoin for a year you don't recieve any sort of bonus for doing so if the price stays the same. The value of Bitcoin at $4300 is entirely dependent on someone being willing to pay $4300 for it, and nothing else.
Unlike shares, Bitcoin value in dollars is *entirely* based on what the free market is willing to exchange for it. That's why the price is volatile, that's why market cap is a silly number fo look at, and that's why it's unsustainable as an investment if people only ever buy it with the hope of eventually exchanging back into dollars for profit.
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:40:31
The [market cap]( does represent exactly that. Market cap value is just the current price per unit multiplied by the total number of units.
And your point is exactly what I'm saying. If everyone suddenly decided to sell (or if someone suddenly decided they wanted to buy all bitcoins in existence) then the price would vary immensely. That's why I said it's a daft figure to pay attention to.
With companies, market cap makes sense because it's the amount you theoretically have to pay to own 100% of shares in a company - i.e. buy that company out. With bitcoin and other currencies it's a meaningless figure because the price is based almost entirely on supply and demand of bitcoin rather than any kind of raw profitability or capital like you get with stocks.
@_date: 2017-08-14 18:27:41
It's also a stock that doesn't pay divendends or interest, and isn't linked to any tangible increase in assets or capital like you get with shares in a company. It's a stock that you can only realise the value of when you sell it.
As purely an investment vehicle, Bitcoin is a zero-sum game. If people don't start using it as currency  in a bigger way (and therefore have reasons to buy it other than thinking they'll be able to sell it in turn for a higher price in the future) then those who eventually cash out for profit will just be doing so at the expense of whoever eventually ends up buying at the wrong time.
Market cap represents a circumstance that there are enough people right now who would cough up the $70bn for bitcoins at the current market rate, if everyone who currently owns bitcoins suddenly decided that they wanted to get out and exchange it back into fiat currency. That clearly isn't the case and won't ever be the case and it's kind of a daft figure to pay any attention to.
@_date: 2015-08-18 11:41:35
Estimate of 5% based on what? Some kind of analysis of trends over time? Careful research into rates of bitcoin growth and adoption, consumer behaviour etc? With sources for any of these calculations? There's a big difference between an 'estimate' (a number that is calculated but with an accepted error margin) and a 'guess' (a completely subjective and made-up number). 
Something like this is as strong as the weakest link in the equation. The base numbers can be as accurate as anything, with all the sources in the world, but if the whole multiplication hinges on a complete guess then none of that actually matters. You have absolutely no justification for why you've claimed 5% - you could be off by an order of magnitude either side and the end result will be off by the same amount. 
@_date: 2015-08-18 11:51:00
At which point your entire argument breaks down because anyone using bitcoin for gambling has to have the pre-requisite of already using bitcoin (and using it for proper money, not just to play about with from interest). Everything you claim is incredibly dependent on general mass adoption of bitcoin, which at the moment is not particularly promising for a variety of reasons, and also is not very straightforward to predict at all. 
If people who gamble online have a high reason to adopt bitcoin to make their lives easier (i.e. the online gambling is driving bitcoin adoption) then maybe I can buy a guess of 5% in 2 years' time. But if it's the other way around (bitcoin adoption driving use in online gambling) then there's no way that in 2 years 5% of all people using online gambling sites are going to be generally bitcoin users. 
@_date: 2015-10-20 09:33:05


Except news hyping bitcoin serves to increase demand. Anyone currently holding bitcoin has an incentive to try and and convince everyone and anyone that they should also start holding bitcoin. The more clamour over it, the more demand increases, the more the price increases and the more profit people make if they were already holding before the ruckus. That's exactly why it keeps getting compared to a ponzi scheme - people who invested early see profits at the expense of those who are late to the party, because it's essentially all a zero-sum game anyway. 
There will be people who will try and keep the bitcoin hype train running because they genuinely want cryptocurrencies to succeed from an ideological standpoint, but there are plenty more who just want it to get hyped as much as possible so that they can watch the price go up and cash out. 
@_date: 2015-02-18 11:11:08
You're right, but this is just CNN's standard page for exchange rate or stock value tracking. It's not tailored for bitcoin, and most exchange rates that people trade in on a regular basis tend not to drift by orders of magnitude over a 5-10 year period. For the majority of their pages a linear scale is just as appropriate and easier to read than a log scale.
@_date: 2015-02-11 14:09:14
It's what *was* happening - it isn't so much now that big tobacco have given up the fight and bought up a load of e-cig companies instead.
Now the push is instead towards a minimal level of regulation/safety, which is more reasonable to argue from a consumer perspective. Some companies want to make safe products (especially big tobacco, because they'd rather avoid shelling out another $50bn in more lawsuits and also because barriers to market entry will favour them), but it's more difficult to compete with the companies who don't give a shit about doing due diligence on their products, and you also share the fallout if it turns out there's a health issue because the headlines right now are always "e-cigarettes are bad for you" and not "this brand of e-cigarettes are bad for you". Regulation sets a minimum level of safety that everyone has to play to if they want to actually be in the game. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 01:58:52
Personally I don't want to see it fail, but I'd like the whole "invest in bitcoin for massive profits!" crap to stop. It completely fails to be properly viable as a currency when the price fluctuates all over the place. The longer the price stays crazy, the less useful it becomes and the more and more it just fits into the "only worth using in niche situations and to buy illegal shit like drugs/guns online" category. 
Like, there are adverts for bitcoin gift cards on this subreddit. Maybe I could buy someone a bitcoin gift card for Christmas, but then it's entirely possible by the time I actually give it to them it's dropped massively in value. 
And I'd like to see the "to the moon" crap die because ultimately it's just going to fuck people over when it eventually falls flat. People can't realise any more value in their bitcoins than what other people put into the bitcoin system. So long as people are always having to eventually convert bitcoins back into dollars or some other typical currency (because they remain pretty crap as a currency themselves while the price is volatile), then the whole thing becomes basically zero-sum and for every dollar people make, other people will have bought a dollar's worth of bitcoins that they'll struggle to eventually sell back for 'real' money.
The sooner the price crashes properly and derails the hype train over investing/gambling/speculating, the sooner Bitcoin might actually be able to start becoming what it was supposed to be. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 09:09:18
That's not just a commodity, it just happens to be that an approximately stable price is something that they have in common. Currencies have other properties, such as their value being substantially inflated above the raw material value (banknotes are worth far more than the paper/ink it takes to make them, for example), and having no purpose other than trading - two things that are not the case for commodities. The price being stable so that you can trade reliably with it with stable prices, so that you can be paid a salary with it, so that you can have a savings account in it that isn't potentially worthless - these are all key for a currency.
If you convert dollars into bitcoins, immediately buy something with them, and a vendor then instantly converts the money back into dollars, you've not really bought something with bitcoins as a currency. You've bought something with dollars and just used bitcoins as the transaction medium. If people aren't happy keeping bitcoins as bitcoins then they're not functioning as a currency, just as an alternative to paying with Paypal or Visa. If you're only ever using a Bitcoin wallet identically to a Paypal wallet, how is it different or revolutionary? (other than you're not handing liability for your money over to Paypal for the interim).
And it won't stabilise as it becomes adopted by more people if those people adopting are doing so purely to make money from margin trading. If everyone holding bitcoins is just waiting to trade them back into dollars for profit rather than actually use them as money then the value will always be at risk of crashes. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:25:12
The thing is, if people are only ever using instantaneous trade value then it's not really functioning as a currency. It's basically no different to paying with Visa or any other electronic system. The whole point of a currency is that it's a thing which is expected to hold value, and bitcoin can never be that if most people holding them are just looking to sell for profit.
@_date: 2013-12-19 01:43:59
Uncertainty in gambling is your inability to predict the outcome of a random event in the future because it's largely down to chance/luck.
Uncertainty in investing is your inability to predict the outcome of a non-random event in the future because you don't have complete knowledge of everything, and social behaviour is notoriously difficult to predict.
When you have so little knowledge of how your investment actually works, then it basically becomes no better at gambling because you're essentially leaving everything completely to chance and from your point of view it might as well be a random event.
