@_author: rothbardcometh
@_date: 2013-10-24 00:12:19
I based this on the fact that the only significant difference between gold and silver and bitcoin other than the fact that bitcoin is a much more effiecient medium of exchange is that the amount of gold produced every year increases.  If every good in a barter economy is competing to become money, you would think the fact that the good chosen as money is produced in larger and larger quantities every year is a significant fact.  If you want to create an ideal cryptocurrency you would be wise to model its mining reward after the ratio of gold mined per year in relation to the total amount in existence, in 2012 this was 1.5% and gold isn't used as money so this number would be higher if it were.
@_date: 2013-10-25 22:49:55
  I don't include population effects because even though they will lower total wealth growth they also lower the amount of bitcoins available per capita so it should roughly cancel out.  Also, if you've had discussions on this topic, and it seems you understand it, I'd love to hear your input.  I've tried contacting cryptographers to create an alt-coin that mimics gold and silver's production rates, although their rates are only accidentally close to ideal and could be improved upon, but cryptographers are hard to come by and there are even fewer who fully understand the economics of money.  And I know the percentages we are talking are small, but over the long run this can lead to huge differences.  But I think it is correct that the new zero that businesses will have to beat is the average growth of wealth in the economy due to the fact that bitcoin has a stable quantity, under our current fiat system the zero is negative so we have mal-investment.  And although a majority of businesses do beat the average rate of wealth growth seeing as they are the major drivers of the economy, I think it would cut out a lot of businesses that are still creating real wealth, just not as quickly as Bitcoin appreciates, and other busineeses would drop out that would rather see a lower rate of growth by simply holding Bitcoin rather than doing the work of running a business.  Anyways if you have any sort of links or anything else on this topic I'd love to read it, I just am trying to get someone's attention who has the skills to create an alt-coin because I've ran this through my head a million times and it seems the ultimate crypto-currency is one that will never depreciate in value, but instead appreciates at a very slow rate, while Bitcoin will appreciate at a rate too fast for its own good.  
@_date: 2013-10-24 00:00:20
The total quantity of money is irrelevant, the ratio of new money created in relation to money already in existence is, I didn't address the total quantity of bitcoins because it is irrelevant, the ratio of new money to old money is what matters.
@_date: 2013-10-24 00:06:53
This is not a deflationary spiral, which is why I said supply and demand will equilirate the amount of investment at some rate, just lower than it originally was.  This isn't Keynesianism it's Austrian economics.  Let's use a model of an economy that uses Bitcoins as money and the quantity is constant at 21 million.  Company A owns 10k bitcoins, it invests in capital and increases its output by 7%, however the economy as awhole grows at 5%.  Since all goods in this model are denominated in bitcoins, the value of each and every good must necessarily rise by 5%, so although Company A created 7% real growth they will only receive 2% more gain than if they simply hoarded bitcoins, thus reducing their incentive to invest in Bitcoin.  Bitcoin won't stop all investment and you could have an economy using Bitcoin, however it isn't ideal.  
@_date: 2013-10-24 23:16:15
I am saying a Bitcoin economy would work, just not as well as an economy based on a different crypto-currency.  It's akin to comparing oil and gold as money, I'm saying Bitcoin is the crypto-currency variant of oil.  And again, saying that growth will be lower than under a different type of money is not a deflationary spiral, a deflationary spiral is self-reinforcing, this is not.  I am saying a bitcoin economy will cause a quick smooth transition to an economy with less investment and it will continue to function smoothly, just at lower rates of growth.
@_date: 2013-10-24 23:17:26
Bitcoins don't wait a year to appreciate in value either so you just argued against yourself.
@_date: 2013-10-24 00:10:53
I'm not talking about a deflationary spiral, I said the amount of investment would equilibrate at a lower level than before, maybe I was unclear but I think you came up with your response before you read my post.
@_date: 2013-10-24 00:14:29
Yes, and there 3,000 or more years under which the market consistently chose gold and silver as money, and they are produced in increasing quantities every year.  This is very significant, the market could have chosen a good with a stable quantity to use as money, but it didn't, the question is why.
@_date: 2013-10-24 00:01:33
A company does not make bitcoins, let's say there is a basketball company that creates 100 basketballs a year, but next year makes 105, if the average growth of goods in the economy is 5% and they try to sell their basketballs they can only receive as many bitcoins as they began with, thus they will not create the basketballs.
@_date: 2013-10-24 23:18:08
GDP is not wealth, you are looking at the wrong statistics.  GDP is production, not wealth.
@_date: 2013-10-24 00:18:10
A deflationary spiral is impossible without the introduction of force in a market, Bitcoin is not forced upon anyone, so I'm not talking about a deflationary spiral.  I am more saying that comparing Bitcoin to a cryptocurrency that increased its quantity by say 3% a year is like comparing using oil as money to using gold as money.  Bitcoin would work, just not as well as another cryptocurrency would.
@_date: 2013-10-24 23:20:31
Even if they operate at 2% growth under a Bitcoin system if they don't beat the average rate of growth in wealth in the economy they operated at a loss.  So if the economy grows at 4% a year and the company grows 2% they end up with less Bitcoins than they started with so they will decide to (eventually) close up shop.