@_author: rottenheartofeurope
@_date: 2017-01-08 04:04:39
I don't know whether Bitcoin is "as good as gold" nor do I care too much, as I personally hold both : ). What I find more interesting is the fact that the number of blog posts devoted to Bitcoin on Zerohedge and elsewhere appears to be increasing quite fast - something I have noticed in other finance/economy blogs too (on marketoracle.co.uk or dasgelbeforum.net, for instance). What is this telling us? Bitcoin already IS a powerful reality. This is of course also underscored by the fact that Bitcoin is generating more and more coverage in mainstream media articles that are listed on Google news. For any given subject be able to do so, particularly in today's fast moving and crowded news space, it needs to exhibit properties or some form of news value (e.g. sensationalism: "25% crash", "best currency of 2016", large number of people that could potentially affected, "elite nations" involved: China, USA, etc.) that the media gatekeepers deem to be attractive. The bottom line: Bitcoin is a reality, and an increasingly powerful one for that matter. 
@_date: 2017-01-08 05:04:45
The author of the article believes that "with the looming trade war on the horizon, the Chinese government will have absolutely NO CHOICE but to come in and regulate bitcoin as its citizens now account for 98% of all trading...All they need to do is declare bitcoins illegal and the PRESUMPTION of being in bitcoin is a PRESUMPTION of being a criminal."
To many, including myself, such a reaction by the Chinese government would seem like a foregone conclusion at a first glance. Having that said, the only countries that have banned bitcoin outright are smaller ones like Bolivia or Bangladesh. Even the Russian government which until recently appeared on the verge of taking a tough stance against Bitcoin has softened its position. 
The Chinese government is well aware that just like the internet, Bitcoin is a highly disruptive technology whose advance won't be stopped with a ban. I am therefore convinced that Beijing is carefully weighing the pros and cons of any intervention and that at most, we will see a restriction of the amount of money that may be converted into Bitcoin or crypto within a given period, or the imposition of (higher) taxes on assets held in crypto. An outright ban is unlikely IMHO.
@_date: 2017-01-08 13:00:41
Interesting thought. Of course, the other poster who pointed out that most demand is from Chinese investors, is correct. So for the time being, unless this changes, a tentative conclusion might be that US companies domiciled in California and active in the crypto space would be severely affected by a once-in-a-century earthquake, but not so much the price of BTC itself(?)
@_date: 2017-01-08 03:41:51
I agree, these are serious issues from the perspective of the average user. IMHO this is also a reason why some form of (new) intermediary will emerge. The reality is that many people do not want to be in full control and bear the ultimate responsibility for their savings.
@_date: 2017-01-08 03:51:54
Your hypothesis sounds plausible; a correction was in the making at any rate, but the severity surprised many. I would not be surprised to see the price pierce through 1000 within the next 48 hours if the current trend continues. Once that happens there will be the next series of articles highlighting Bitcoin's stellar rise, drawing in yet more newbies. Barring disasters like a premature or ill-executed hardfork (à la Ethereum), there is only way to go for BTC: northward. We haven't seen anything yet IMHO.
@_date: 2017-01-08 04:52:19
And yet another article on Bitcoin by a respected media outlet. In this case, the message is positive, but either way, what is more important is that overall coverage on Bitcoin is increasing fast. Bitcoin is firmly on track to becoming a daily fixture in the news in the US and Europe, which will help speed up adoption.
@_date: 2017-01-08 04:14:40
I agree with amnesiac. No source provided whatsoever = bad journalism