@_author: roushouse
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:56:04
Say you go to a baker for years and years. He makes amazing bread and you buy a loaf every week. All the sudden the baker decides to start putting seasame seeds in the bread. Because of this change, you dont like the bread as much. 
Is it your right to have the baker make his bread exactly how YOU want it? Are you going to go to the regulators and DEMAND that they force the baker to make his product the way you want it instead of how he wants to for his buisiness? 
A product or service is the property of the company offering it. It is not the right of the consumer. People are not entitled to be offered a product in the way they want it or for the price they want it. If the price is too high, or the product or service is not to their liking. That customer has the option to not purchase that product or service. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:05:31
I have already, as have others tried to convey to you, there are other options aside from Comcast. Furthermore, the issue at hand is whether or not it is a persons right to lobby the government to force companies to alter how they would offer their products and/or the prices they charge those products for. You have not responded to many of the points that you have no answer for, have stooped to character attacks and bickering. I have made logical, cohesive points regarding the situation. People can think what they want of our discussion, but I am done with spending my energy trying to form full answers to your increasingly formless retorts. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:29:02
It is not a bad analogy at all actually. If you understood economics you would understand the point(this is not an attack on you, I dont attack peoples character in trying to discredit them, im merely stating that you do not understand the subject at hand). 
The bakers analogy is simply a means to explain how it is not the right of the consumer to be offered a product exactly in the way they want(whether through price or through the product itself). You can apply the analogy to a time when there would only be one baker per town and there was no internet if you want, it would merit the same points regardless. 
Now on to your analogy. Im sure you would agree that a company operates to make money and not the other way around. A company makes money by people willingly giving it to them in exchange for a product or service the customer wants. If a water company decided to add cherry flavor, then that would be becasue they belived that more people would want the water as such and thus they would make more money. If they decided to increase the price of the water. It would be because they thought that they will make more money from the extra profit per customer than the loss from customers buying less becasue its more expensive. In either case(the cherry flavor or the increased price), you have the option to decided that you not longer want their service and thus find a different source of water.(This is the capitalist system). Its still not you RIGHT to have the water you want for the price you want.
I also find it interesting that you chose to use an analogy of one of the only government mandated monopolies in existance. You used it im sure because people are forced to use the water company in their area and thus they have very little other sources of water, but the reason the companies have no competition is becasue of govt restriction and regulation, something you are arguing for more of. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:41:02
Im sorry, but did you read the entirety of my last reponse?  You can apply the bakers analogy to a time when each town had only one baker and there was no internet to order bread from a different town.(if you really want to get picky). In that case the baker would also have a kind of monopoly on the product(although not a true monopoly, true monopolies only exist where government regulation occurs) so the analogy would fit your case exactly(however going this specific with an analogy is silly when the analogy was used as an example of consumer rights and not as an exact mirror image of the current situation). 
Furthermore, " in lot of areas of america we only have Comcast available that is viable" there are still options, satellite internet/LTE are options virtually everywhere. Your arguement agaisnt those is probably that they are too slow/too expensive, which would mean that comcast would still be the BEST option. If comcast wasnt around, those would be your only options so thus you are BETTER OFF that comcast exists. Just because a consumer decideds that they deserve a better/cheaper service does not mean they are entitled to such. 
"Plus comparing the internet to a flavor is stupid. Sorry to say."' But.... you were the one to bring up flavors in your analogy?
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:05:30
By forcing a company to offer a product or service either in a lower price than the market equilibrium price(where supply meets demand), or by forcing the company to offer the service or product in a specific way, the government is making it a consumers right to use that product. 
As I said above, It is not a consumers right to have a product or service in either the price they want or the way they want. It is the right of the seller to determine what price to sell and how they want to deliver the pruduct, along with what type of product they weant to sell. 
P.s. You still have yet to respond to my above argument regarding the bakers analogy and a consumers right.