@_author: rousetherouse
@_date: 2019-01-04 19:08:21


What are you talking about? No one should be beating each other up in this day and age. If you're really as smart and enlightened as Jordan Peterson likes to pretend he is, it should be really easy to just walk away from those people, unless you have an ego problem or something. His statement talks about the escalation of conflict, and how he knows how to deal with it with men because it can come to blows, but not women because you can't hit them. He's already assuming everyone agrees with his premise about physical violence being a solution, which is wrong.


Yep, and blatantly not what most people think. Guess what: if a woman can't get along with around half the world's population, she's got a huge problem as well. You seem to have gotten all of your views on feminism from radicals on tumblr and strawmen. Most feminists aren't the way you think they are, as feminism is a movement for equality among both sexes, regardless of how you want to view it. The name refers to women because, throughout history, women have been the disenfranchised minority. Our country is over 200 years old, and women haven't even been able to vote for a hundred years yet.


So Disney made propaganda during WWII,  so his statement about Frozen being propaganda "pure and simple" (his way of saying that he can't actually prove that it's propaganda, you should just accept it or you're stupid, which is how he frames most of his arguments) for portraying that a woman doesn't need a man to be successful. Why would he think that portraying that idea is propaganda? There are a myriad of movies that show a man doesn't need a woman, his family, or society to be successful, so why would this be an issue? Why would it be something that makes a movie propaganda "pure and simple"?


Your "proof" has literally nothing to do with the claim "Women who don't consider having a child as their primary desire by age 30 are "not quite right in the way that they're constituted"." It also doesn't support the claim you made that "Its again is a fact most women actually want to become mothers at this age" so I genuinely have no idea why you linked it. Guess what: tons of guys don't want to become fathers by that age either. Are they not right in the way they're constituted? Or is it that women are seen by a lot of sexists to have a primary function of making babies, and that everything else should be secondary? My point is there's nothing wrong with a woman not wanting to be a mother by that age, and that his statement on them is trying to demonize them without any actual substance, just that they're doing something Peterson doesn't approve of.


Yeah, actually as a person who identifies as a feminist and has actually taken my time to educate myself on the subject instead of consuming garbage on the internet that confirms my already held biases and fuels feelings of injustice, I am someone who can make such claims. Guess what: a tumblr post is not indicative of the modern state of feminism. Maybe try operating in the real world instead of getting all your information from the internet. Also, why do all your efforts seemed to be aimed at why feminists are the bad guys? What about the actual bad guys like white supremacists? Or you can head to the multitude of places where they call women objects and say they're lesser people: isn't that a huge problem? But the real problem is that you can say feminism will go too far because people can take it the wrong way? You've sure got your priorities in order. 


You can say whatever you want, but once again, that doesn't make it true. There's a huge breadth of difference between critiquing aspects of feminism fairly and demonizing it as a whole. Jordan Peterson's arguments are poorly sourced, he asserts his premises are true with no proof, and he seems to believe feminism is one of the biggest problems we faced based on the fact it's one of the only things he talks about. I'm sorry if you were tricked into thinking everything he says is great because he has some really common advice to reel you in like "clean up your room" and "surround yourself with people you want to be friends with." If you think he makes good arguments, you do you, but there's a reason his fan base is basement dwellers, and that's because he's seen as a joke in academia (which I'm sure is a liberal conspiracy and has nothing to do with the fact any first year philosophy student can use basic symbolic logic to show how his arguments are invalid and/or unsound). 


Gee, I really wonder why you'd ask this. I'm sure it's not an attempt to discredit what I've said based on my demographics. I'm a male in my late twenties, which has absolutely nothing to do with the veracity of what I've said. Your responses have been really lame attempts, and I've found none of your arguments or rhetoric convincing. You realize I don't find his arguments sound in the first place, so you'd have to have a strong defense to change my mind, not blind assertions that he's right and links that have nothing to do with the claims being made. It's only people like you who already believe he's right regardless of what he's said that's going to be tricked by the shit he's peddling. I can't make you realize he's a charlatan, but I can let you know you're wasting your time in trying to get anyone to change their mind about Peterson, so you can stop doing so. I won't be wasting any more of my time explaining to you how arguments and supporting them works.
@_date: 2018-12-30 04:47:49


When you ask for a source, it's for a reason, right? In your case, you asking for sources was because you doubted the claim. They supported their case by showing his sexist attitudes towards women. You replied with... nothing, evidently because you didn't find those quotes to show a hatred of women. Why is that the case? How do statements like those not denote a hatred of women? If they don't, what does? Does someone have to clearly state "I hate women" for you to accept that they hate women? It's not derogatory and demeaning to say that all women have a wish for brutal male domination? Or that their primary concern should be having children before they turn 30? It's almost like you and him forget women are people who deserve respect, you know, because they're also people. People deserve respect and freedoms, and not to be constantly demeaned for their choices by people like Jordan Peterson and his outdated views on women.
@_date: 2018-12-30 18:00:02


Nah dude, it seems like you and Jordan Peterson seem to be operating under the false apprehension that when you get frustrated, you should be able to beat up whoever you're frustrated with. It's a huge sign of immaturity and pretty sad to think "oh shit, what's wrong with the way I communicate with women? Oh, it's that I can't beat them up because *society*."


Wow, takes a true lobster to see that opinion about women not needing a man to be successful. You can't just handwave away nasty opinions by saying they were talking about art or propaganda. Also, it's fucking insane to think Frozen was propaganda. Disney makes cute movies to make money. Thinking they're trying to transform the landscape they operate in is incredibly paranoid and dumb.


Oh sorry, just all feminists. I'm sure he specifically meant that all feminists wanted to be dominated by male rule, and it had nothing to do with his view of women, just feminists. 


No, it's not. You and Jordan Peterson seem to think you can just say whatever you want about women and claim that it's true, but that's just not his things work. Sorry. 


What are you even talking about? That there's some liberal conspiracy to make people think it's alright to not have kids? It's always been socially acceptable to have kids.


Nah, there is, just like with all the quotes you're trying to recontextualize. Guess what: if he really thought that about that idea, he would have said "all people." Why did he specifically make it about women? Hmm, I really wonder why he'd do that.


No one thinks that; it's just another thing you've made up in your head to demonize feminism.


Cool, good thing it doesn't actually do that. Being a lone father is a hard task too, but for some reason you and Jordan Peterson want to rally against women. Hmm, wonder why.


Wow, you're so enlightened. I bet they were looking for someone like you to figure out how all of these aspects would play out, but they couldn't find some sad, sad virgin so they just had to go with it! Oh wait, you're not smart or special, you just think you are. Someone who's actually smart isn't tricked by a dude saying "hey, clean your room, and also hate women." 
@_date: 2018-12-30 01:33:00
So weird how u/stoptop and u/bunchofsugar didn't reply to this post. Hmm, I bet everyone's really wondering why that's the case.