@_author: routepackets
@_date: 2018-03-15 16:34:41
If you expect bitcoin to be massively adopted, the small merchants are going to need a way to convert that coin into actual usable money, generally the small business looking to accept crypto isn't turning over a large profit, and can't afford to not immediately get access to those funds.
Accepting bitcoin as a merchant extends it's adoption, that is undeniable, but for a small company to be hording bitcoins instead of investing back into it's business, what is the point?
Once it is possible to actually purchase the necessities of running a business by sending bitcoins to a wallet, I will implement BTCPay and cut out the fiat entirely, that is not currently possible, and with the dense logic you have provided I don't see how you expect bitcoin to ever scale past a risky investment into a real world currency.
@_date: 2018-03-15 17:31:00
Until the entire world feels the same way you do, it is not possible to be a small business processing a majority of your transactions in pure bitcoin and not converting it into USD fiat that IS able to facilitate the necessary transactions to keep your business running.
Do you think mcDonald's buys the beef for their burgers in crypto?
For bitcoin adoption to be a thing, us small guys need a way to use the funds we are receiving.
@_date: 2018-03-15 17:53:40
I would like to clarify that we fully advocate the bitcoin payment option and even prefer it. If we are able to pay all of our running expenses in bitcoin, there would be no need for a bank account or converting BTC.
Unfortunately that is not the case.
Bitcoin adoption is currently taking place at the small to medium sized business level. You don't see multi chain super giants accepting any crypto (few and far inbetween), all places consumers can make a purchase directly in bitcoin are also the ones few hear about.
For example, a small business that sells baked goods sets up a crypo point of sale system, people can come in and purchase a donut by scanning a QR code and sending bitcoin. Now the bitcoin is in the possession of the small business.
What options does the small business now have with the bitcoin it has received?
1) Hodl
2) Reinvest into business
If a small business that sells baked goods wants to reinvest money it made from selling donuts to purchase more dough to sell more donuts, IT NEEDS A WAY TO PURCHASE THE DOUGH!
You aren't going to purchase consumer amounts of flour and baking supplies in bitcoin (okay maybe somewhere in this planet exists a place that will take bitcoin for this, but just an example). Same thing applies to any business, a car shop won't get it's replacement parts in bitcoin, a grocery store can't buy produce from farms in bitcoin;
Small businesses MUST have a way to reinvest bitcoin sales into their business, or bitcoin is going to have a big problem ever expanding (unless we see retail super giants mass adopt it, is that what we are hoping for?)
So really there's 2 potential outcomes:
Option 1) Auto part dealers, farmers, shipping, logistics companies, etc, the backbone of what runs any business and the world, start adopting bitcoin as a payment method and it is then possible for small business that themselves rely on these bigger players to pay them directly in bitcoin (without converting the bitcoin it received into USD), it has come full circle and we live in a perfect world.
Option 2) We do not see a mass adoption of bitcoin in large companies that power small business. A small auto shop accepts bitcoin and gets a very large sale (lets say in the thousands), the auto parts business that it itself relies on only takes USD, the small auto shop must wait for the bitcoin to be converted into USD that the auto parts business will accept as payment before it can make a purchase, the end client who paid for car work in bitcoin needs to wait for the shop to convert his bitcoin to purchase the part to do the service. None of this is even possible if the auto shop didn't convert his bitcoin into US dollars that the auto parts business accepted.
@_date: 2018-04-05 16:29:54
"Why is it necessary to convert BTC to USD?" -&gt; 
The denseness and logic of this subreddit also reflect poorly on bitcoin as a whole. "Either bitcoin is the solution or nothing else is", that is not the case, there needs to be gradual adoption over time to reach a system like that, and people like you aren't helping.
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:14:17
Let me just pay business internet via bitcoin I'm sure plenty of ISP's wont have a problem with that.
Oh wait.
Do you see the problem yet?
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:18:55
Bitcoin will surely be adopted quickly and easily with this logic.
@_date: 2018-04-05 16:01:31
This subreddit can continuously beat the dead bitpay horse but when asked to provide a suitable alternative goes limp.
Show me, a U.S based merchant currently using bitpay, an alternative way to convert BTC into USD.