@_author: roxyconnect
@_date: 2017-10-04 15:31:13
In cash is "exactly" what I said. And 21tillion/60trillion is 35% so again somehow you think BitCoin is going to make up 35% of all the worlds money, and that is just stupid. Again, your only hearing what you want. I'm done here. When BitCoin hits a million let me know. LMAO. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 11:26:54
You insult me by implying that I am unaware that BitCoin is used globally? Wow. Just wow. And secondly the US Dollar currently has about $1.2 trillion dollars in circulation. And apparently you didn’t even read my entire post, because as I stated, if BitCoin was worth 1 million per coin that would give it a total Market Cap of 16-21 TRILLION DOLLARS! Now look at that in comparison to the US Dollar currently at 1.2 trillion, which is BY FAR the biggest global currency on earth. So you think BitCoin is going to surpass the US Dollar by a factor of 16-21 times???? 
I wasn’t really that surprised to see BitCoins current run-up. I expected it. I think it could continue to run up to as much as 10-50k per coin in the near future perhaps. BitCoins current market cap is at around 70 billion, which many are saying is already a bubble. I think anywhere from 100-300 billion market cap could be in sight. But anything beyond that anytime soon is total non-sense. And yet, somehow you think that it’s going to go from 4-5k a bitcoin to 1 million!!!! Again giving it a 16-21 TRILLION DOLLAR MARKET CAP!! That is absolutely absurd and you obviously don’t even “remotely” understand simple math. 
A global currency is one that is accepted for trade throughout the world. Some of the world's currencies are accepted for most international transactions. The most popular are the U.S. dollar, the euro and the yen. Another name for global currency is reserve currency.
Of these, the U.S. dollar is the most popular. It makes up 64 percent of all known central bank foreign exchange reserve.
That makes it the de facto global currency, even though it doesn't hold an official global title. In fact, the world has 185 currencies. 
Most of these currencies are only used inside their own countries. Any one of them could theoretically replace the dollar as the world's currency. But they probably won't for a wide variety of reasons. 
Cash is just one indication of the role of the dollar as a world currency. More than one-third of the world's gross domestic product comes from countries that peg their currencies to the dollar. 
More than 85 percent of forex trading involves the U.S. dollar. Furthermore, 39 percent of the world's debt is issued in dollars. During the 2008 financial crisis, non-U.S. banks had $27 trillion in international liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. Of that, $18 trillion was in U.S. dollars. And yet, as if by some MAGICAL FANTACY, you think BitCoin is going to be worth 21x that of the most used global currency in circulation currently. In the next 2-5 years, 5-10?, 10-20? Perhaps in the next 30-50 another global currency will take center stage, but BitCoin is NOT going to 1 million per coin anytime in the near future.  
