@_author: rpnfkw
@_date: 2015-07-06 17:17:32
Creators will always create. It's what they do. If you value their work pay for it. "Sharing" music and books is a great way for bands and authors to get their name out there, but unless people pay them they will not be able to focus full time on their work. Corporations that "discover" these artists won't be willing to take risk, instead banking on the sure thing. So if you love Britney Spears and want 20 more clones then yeah, keep stealing the work and ensure a never ending funnel of shit. 
I know I'm in the minority, but I have no idea why people feel entitled to a persons "art" for free and assume people should keep creating for them. 
Have you created anything? Are you working on anything of consequence that you believe in? 
@_date: 2015-07-06 18:22:38
You can't force people to pay for anything, that's the beauty of it. If what you create has value, people will gladly pay for it. If what you create sucks, no one will pay you for it. You're not "forcing" people to pay for anything. I don't follow how you made the jump to violence either. 
I understand the broke college kid who can't afford anything torrenting music. I can't understand the working professional with expendable income who continues to "share" music with 5,000 other people. 
It's lazy and a little pathetic. Do you have a job? Do you receive a paycheck? You're trading your effort for money. Would you continue to show up to work without getting paid? 
I'm not sure why this is difficult to understand. If you enjoy a particular entertainer or writer, encourage them to keep creating by paying them. People who torrent music, movies, books are literally consuming a piece of work that took a year to create and looking at the $15 price tag and going "Nope. Too rich for my blood. I want it for free." There is a sense of entitlement there that is a little scary. 
@_date: 2015-07-06 13:27:22
What's in it for the author or musician to write a book or song if they will only be paid once for it and then have it mass distributed? 
