@_author: rqsquared
@_date: 2015-06-21 19:47:38
Doesn't the BitLicense ban unregulated cryptocurrency launches? The ladder is being kicked as we speak.
And even if the BitLicense isn't enforced globally, or just plain doesn't include said provision, the authorities can make all cryptocurrencies but Bitcoin illegal for any reason involving terrorists or children
@_date: 2015-06-21 04:05:44
OP's entire premise is based on a strawman argument. That the limit ought to be raised doesn't mean it's safe to lock Bitcoin into 8GB blocks in 2037. That many years ahead in the future, SO MANY things will have changed, with Bitcoin and with the world, and no one can predict those changes. They can at best make you "feel good" about them, and assuage with very high figures, here's what's 99% good to happen, here's what's 50% good to happen.
In this case though, the decision being made potentially results in cataclysmic failure of Bitcoin to remain free of state control, which is to say the entire point of Bitcoin's decentralization is being put at jeopardy. How soon could cracks in Moore's Law or Nielsen's Law lead to dramatically less true P2P participation in the network? No one can know for sure, and that's where you lose everyone in the XT camp. They think true P2P participation is doomed, usually because they can't imagine Bitcoin QT being user-friendly. There's no reason why it can't be made to function similarly to AntiVirus software. Imagine: if average internet connection speeds really *are* 140 MB/s in the year 2037, fantastic. At those rates, you could sync the entire Bitcoin blockchain in 6 minutes flat. And before then? You could use SPV mode. After? You could decide pruning is for you, and now the cost incurred on your home desktop is truly minimal.
But that is all speculation on my part. Predicting great technological boons in the future is easy, what's hard to get 100% right 100% of the time, is the timing of any of these events. It's like predicting the price of Bitcoin. No one has any clue what the price will be in 7 days, but we can get together some tea leaves, and feel pretty good rubbing our hands together over the Magic 8 Ball. TA doesn't even make sense in financial markets. Past trends are not predictive of the future. Why does it make sense to do that with Bitcoin, **when the very reason for the block size limit is to vaccinate Bitcoin against the type of attack that makes running full nodes impossible to do on home computers**.


No. Block size limit isn't about active attacks, it's about managing risk for when attacks do happen, which can't be predicted, and certainly not when we're predicting 20 years out from today.
That your home computer can't keep up with 8GB blocks hitting it every 10 minutes using today's hardware is common knowledge. What Gavin's proposal does is it sets a ticking time bomb. Now, before the year 2036 Moore's Law or Nielsen's Law may show some cracks. Nothing is set in stone, we just have past data trends, but trends are not predictive. Yet demand for an international currency of fixed supply could have surged by 2036, in which case we will be left with a network outright *impossible* for any medium sized business, let alone an *individual*, to handle on a home computer.
What does that do to Bitcoin as an evolution of currency?
If only ISPs can run Bitcoin because it was "attacked" by foes or by natural user demand after unvaccinating itself against just such an attack, is that the bedrock of the true evolution of currency? I contend that NO, it is very much something different from the evolution of currency. It's something that started nice, but didn't quite get all the way there. Maybe it wins a silver metal, but a *more* trustless currency has more intrinsic value. I am willing to say such a currency engineered by would be superior to any currency sufficiently large as to be *inaccessible* by the common man on a home computer.
Outsourcing to some intermediary is great when it saves resources, but it isn't worth basing your currency on that. In the worst case scenario, this intermediary is SkyNet. All manner of attacks become possible if, failures for Moore's Law to hold or cracks in Nielsen's Law rear their ugly hands. There are no guarantees in life.
@_date: 2015-06-21 21:04:40
They could be for legalizing Bitcoin under a redlisting/KYC regime, while systemically barring the usage of alternative cryptocurrencies "because terrorists, and why won't you think of the children".
@_date: 2015-06-21 19:58:31
@_date: 2015-06-21 20:46:09
Why do you think you can predict the future in 20 years? Could you imagine the world of today in 1995? 
@_date: 2015-06-21 20:52:04
The government can sabotage high speed internet rollout, and then it won't matter whether or not you're "nouveau rich". Only if you're willing to start a regulated ISP or big bank could you run a full node. The government could ensure only whitelisted organizations can run military grade high speed fiber optic cables.
This shatters the "economic majority" argument, because in that world, the economic majority has no influence whatsoever over full node policy. Because they can't "vote with their node", as they're being asked to do today with BitcoinXT, the opinions of the true economic majority wouldn't matter.
@_date: 2015-06-21 19:52:39
X-posting this from [other thread](
OP's entire premise is based on a strawman argument. That the limit ought to be raised doesn't mean it's safe to lock Bitcoin into 8GB blocks in 2037. That many years ahead in the future, SO MANY things will have changed, with Bitcoin and with the world, and no one can predict those changes. They can at best make you "feel good" about them, and assuage with very high figures, here's what's 99% good to happen, here's what's 50% good to happen.
In this case though, the decision being made potentially results in cataclysmic failure of Bitcoin to remain free of state control, which is to say the entire point of Bitcoin's decentralization is being put at jeopardy. How soon could cracks in Moore's Law or Nielsen's Law lead to dramatically less true P2P participation in the network? No one can know for sure, and that's where you lose everyone in the XT camp. They think true P2P participation is doomed, usually because they can't imagine Bitcoin QT being user-friendly. There's no reason why it can't be made to function similarly to AntiVirus software. Imagine: if average internet connection speeds really *are* 140 MB/s in the year 2037, fantastic. At those rates, you could sync the entire Bitcoin blockchain in 6 minutes flat. And before then? You could use SPV mode. After? You could decide pruning is for you, and now the cost incurred on your home desktop is truly minimal.
But that is all speculation on my part. Predicting great technological boons in the future is easy, what's hard to get 100% right 100% of the time, is the timing of any of these events. It's like predicting the price of Bitcoin. No one has any clue what the price will be in 7 days, but we can get together some tea leaves, and feel pretty good rubbing our hands together over the Magic 8 Ball. TA doesn't even make sense in financial markets. Past trends are not predictive of the future. Why does it make sense to do that with Bitcoin, **when the very reason for the block size limit is to vaccinate Bitcoin against the type of attack that makes running full nodes impossible to do on home computers**.


No. Block size limit isn't about active attacks, it's about managing risk for when attacks do happen, which can't be predicted, and certainly not when we're predicting 20 years out from today.
That your home computer can't keep up with 8GB blocks hitting it every 10 minutes using today's hardware is common knowledge. What Gavin's proposal does is it sets a ticking time bomb. Now, before the year 2036 Moore's Law or Nielsen's Law may show some cracks. Nothing is set in stone, we just have past data trends, but trends are not predictive. Yet demand for an international currency of fixed supply could have surged by 2036, in which case we will be left with a network outright *impossible* for any medium sized business, let alone an *individual*, to handle on a home computer.
What does that do to Bitcoin as an evolution of currency?
If only ISPs can run Bitcoin because it was "attacked" by foes or by natural user demand after unvaccinating itself against just such an attack, is that the bedrock of the true evolution of currency? I contend that NO, it is very much something different from the evolution of currency. It's something that started nice, but didn't quite get all the way there. Maybe it wins a silver metal, but a *more* trustless currency has more intrinsic value. I am willing to say such a currency engineered by would be superior to any currency sufficiently large as to be *inaccessible* by the common man on a home computer.
Outsourcing to some intermediary is great when it saves resources, but it isn't worth basing your currency on that. In the worst case scenario, this intermediary is SkyNet. All manner of attacks become possible if, failures for Moore's Law to hold or cracks in Nielsen's Law rear their ugly hands. There are no guarantees in life.
@_date: 2015-06-21 04:25:51
No hardware has been rolled out or developed. This is the declaration of an industry standard, it says nothing about when 20Gbps rates are estimated to arrive. Also, if you read the link:


It's at best 5% of the advertised rate?
@_date: 2015-06-21 21:06:30
Re-read my posts: they sabotage high speed rollout for the public peons, but allow it for big banks, regulated ISPs, and government functions. They can do all that because they own the grounds upon which fiber optic cable is laid.
@_date: 2015-06-21 20:28:23
Thanks for the gold!
@_date: 2015-06-21 19:44:45
Comments appreciated: 
@_date: 2015-06-21 21:00:13


But that could never happen, *this time it's different*.
Nice ad hom!
@_date: 2015-06-21 18:52:09
- popularity of Bitcoin continues to surge despite cracks in Nielsen's Law and Moore's Law
- with no way of backing out of 8GB blocks, and with bandwidth requirements impossible to achieve by individuals, full nodes become exclusively the domain of ISPs, big banks, and Government
- with Banks, ISPs and Governments being the only users of full nodes, a coup d'etat is launched to add redlisting and KYC to Bitcoin
- with global adoption of Bitcoin, the coup d'etat means all of humanity is doomed with using an unfree cryptocurrency, *forever*
@_date: 2015-06-21 20:55:21
Would a currency plainly inaccesible to you on your home internet connection be more or less trustless than a currency you could run on your home PC? Bitcoin would work like today's AntiVirus software. You could sync the entire Bitcoin blockchain in 6 minutes flat at 140 Mbps. Or you might not be able to sync the entire Bitcoin blockchain without being a regulated bank or ISP. I contend lighter weight cryptocore would have higher intrinsic value, as there would be less trust issues surrounding its governance and distribution.


Only if you don't care about the network splitting in two, because BitcoinXT is not what I signed up for.
@_date: 2015-06-21 20:23:05
I'm for BIP100. I'm for a block size increase, just think it's silly to predict the ideal max block size 20 years out in the future. 6 months is an *eternity* in Bitcoin. 20 year plans are worse than Krugman economics.