@_author: rrunner77
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:29:20
Hi! We are Paralelna Polis in Bratislava, Slovakia. We are creating a new instance of Paralelni Polis that is in Prague that we started over four years ago. It contains the first cafeteria that accepts only Bitcoin and Litecoin (Bitcoin Coffee), Institute of Cryptoanarchy that hosts talks and education about cryptocurrencies, freedom, decentralization, etc. There is Paper Hub, which is a crypto coworking space and accelerator, Cryptolab, which is cryptocurrency focused hackerspace, Makerslab that teaches and helps 3D print objects (and organizes the first 3D printed fashion show called fashion.stl).
We organized several Hackers Congress Paralelni Polis (hcpp.cz) in Prague.
The whole house works on cryptocurrencies, you cannot pay in any other way. This has been a long experiment, we have developed strategies to deal with volatility, etc.
Right now, we are trying to decentralize the concept. Two of the original founders of Paralelni Polis with the blessing of the rest of the team decided to create a new space like this in Bratislava. We forsee that new ones will come.
We are not just opening the house though, we are documenting everything in English - how do you start a cafeteria, how to do accounting, how do you start a coworking space and incubator, what is the business model, how does a non-profit find donors, ...
We want to share all this knowledge, open-source everything about the house, so we can create these houses around the world.
In Prague, the house has taught cryptocurrencies, encryption and other "liberation technologies" to countless amount of people. By building the same thing in Bratislava, Slovakia and open-sourcing it, we believe that these places will become physical places that are sustainable and bring together real people in the real world and cryptocurrencies and crypto-world.
We understand that online education is important, but it is also good to have a place that you can physically enter and you understand from the second you entered that there is something different about this place. The baristas can teach you about cryptocurrencies and make you coffee, guide you through installing the wallet and buying Bitcoin. There is amazing tech developed there, we are giving away all the recordings from all the talks.
While the Prague space is more or less sustainable right now, from members of the board, generous donations and commercial income, we want every Parallel Polis to be independent "non-franchise", so we are building the first instance in Bratislava independently of Prague's finance stream.
So far we have signed the rental agreement, have raised around 5000€ in various cryptocurrencies, but we need around 50000€ to build this. We also pledge to support anyone who wants to start this with our knowledge and experience (from Prague and from Bratislava).
Our english webpage is not ready yet, we have been trying to raise funds and put together the community in Bratislava itself, as it is a physical space, but we think the whole crypto-world would benefit if we succeed and help these become the "new hackerspace movement", for the crypto-tribes.
We would appreciate any donation, does not have to be 1 BTC. Also, we would like to get in touch with whoever thinks this is a good idea. If you want to start your own or learn about the concept, let us know!
deannolan, thank you very much for doing this, all of the causes you have supported so far deserve it!
 bitcoin: 3GCiJ7mU2rVcosSng81YtPduYQk1gihxbo
