@_author: rrush242
@_date: 2014-02-20 15:02:11
What happens when x exchange not only does not adhere to your silly ideas on regulation, but completely evades and ignores your silly regulation with impunity?
Furthermore, what if that same exchange thrives and has a brisk business?
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:51:33
More accurately, and as is always the case, this will hurt those that can afford it the least, the most. The dumber ones will fall victim to this stuff.
The smarter ones won't leave a personally identifiable transaction trail. Duh.
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:57:23
Yeah, duh. No one cares what everyone "in society" thinks about the transaction because the only two people that have any rights in that situation is are the buyer and the seller.
No one else matters because they have no right, either to the property or to the assets being used to purchase it. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 22:58:33
They do, eh? When no state has jurisdiction? When they no state has the power to regulate?
How precisely does that happen?
@_date: 2014-02-20 13:51:39
No, it's not hypocrisy. No rational human being believes that there should be NO gov't regulation, they believe there should be some 90+ percent less goverment regulation.
Without getting into a long explanation of libertarianism/anarcho-capitalism there would likely always be courts and police (et cetera) to deal with the law, contract disputes, and in this case, alleged fraud. That is a perfectly reasonable, and desireable, role for gov't because fraud is a conflict between contracting parties that will almost always have to be adjudicated by a court of some kind.
Now, if your position is that these people you are referring are just mad about market losses, that is a different story. But given my admittedly cursory inspection of the Mt. Gox soiree, they may just have a good cause of action for fraud.
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:42:00
Criminy. ALL of those things would be provided by private companies, see Underwriters Laboratories, for example. The difference being and you wouldn't be forced to pay for the services that you don't use.
But, here's what actually happened in your comments above: The gov't took around 1/2 of what you make. Used about 1/2 of that to pay for itself, the DoD, and interest on the debt. Then over-paid private companies (as a rule) to expensively build/create most of the above, with the money that's left. So, what you got for your money was the worst deal there is.
What's more, people who think like me aren't being hypocrites when we use what you mention. Why? Because we are just getting our money back. We PAID for that crap (terribly high and inefficient prices, but we paid for it nonetheless) and we want our money back.
In fact, many people who think like me go out of our way to exploit and take unfair advantage of such things, not only because it is our money, but because taking out far more than you were forced to put in helps ruin the system and drive the costs of it ever higher.
When you couple that with tax avoidance, evasion, and offshoring, that leaves people like you who love that stuff holding the bag and paying ever more for ever less.
But by all means, keep telling yourself that you need to spend billions on "FCC regulated channels" when you have a power switch and a channel selector on your television. Oh, and send in extra in taxes, help support the system that you seem to think is such an effective use of your money.
I don't mind, I'll take more of your money as well. 
@_date: 2014-03-29 21:34:48
"Nobody complains because they get money for nothing."
No, they don't. They complain here because the gov't takes taxes from them by force in return for having done LESS than nothing.
@_date: 2014-03-30 17:00:24
Right. It is violence--rational violence used to retrieve what is rightfully yours. When someone doesn't pay rent, they no longer have a right to use whatever they were renting. If they then do not return the property, they are evicted to return it to the rightful owner.
In this case, the violence you mention is in defence of the original violence: holding property that you no longer have any right to use. That is a perfectly reasonable use of force.
@_date: 2014-03-21 23:05:57
Uh huh. You don't seem to understand BTC. No matter how many SEC-type regulations there are, and no matter if you adhere to them or not, I and others that think like me don't have to adhere, abide, or agree.
You may not agree. Fine. Have fun paying taxes on your bitcoin. You won't deal with me, and I won't deal with you, you'll be regulated, and I won't.
What happens then? Seein' as I couldn't care less how many regulations you spoon-feed yourself. Especially, given fraud is ALREADY illegal, and should be illegal.
Of course, that didn't stop Mt Gox, or Enron, or Bernard Madoff, or anyone else who commits fraud. 
"Well, I'm willing to break 79 laws to steal from people, but NO WAY IN HELL am I going to break 81 law!!!"
Get real.
@_date: 2014-02-20 14:55:28
Then I maintain that you are still wrong. You are using an over-inclusive term "people" to refer to everyone involved, when all you are actually referring to are those few "...fans [that] have claimed they hate government regulation and laughed at the warnings of financial institutes that claimed Bitcoin was risky," ~and~ think they should be reimbursed for bitcoin fluctuation losses.
Again, it is not hypocritical to seek remuneration for fraud, because even with almost non-existent regulation, fraud is little more than the use of force, which is wrong.
@_date: 2014-03-29 23:24:30
Good luck with that. Havachu!! More guns, wars, regulation, debt and interest is overwhelmingly what you pay for. A weensy bit goes to your swell programs.
People that think like me vote with the only vote that counts: tax dollars.
@_date: 2014-03-29 22:21:11
You may call it "purely philosophical", but it is not. It is a real world, day-to-day issue. 
Many of you here are just discussing your thoughts on the issue without addressing the greater context. People like me couldn't care less what you think, don't care about your precious gov't programs, and will avoid and evade taxes and offshore income as much as possible. Trying like hell to put as many of those things you mention in as much risk and peril as possible with an eye to seeing them shut down.
For most that do this, the amount they keep can substantially improve their and their families' lives, and still be far below the threshold where it is worth the gov't spending time, money, and effort on prosecution and enforcement. This leaves people like you holding the bag. Which is fine, you seem to like paying taxes. 
There is a need and place for gov't and taxation. Every gov't on Earth overdoes it.
Here's how this works: for every $100 dollars you enjoy being taken from you taxes, off the top comes nearly 50%, for three things. The costs of gov't itself, interest on the national debt, and the DoD budget.
So half of what you pay is wasted. Completely wasted. You wouldn't walk into Verizon and say "Here's $100 dollars my good man, give me the best $50 dollar phone you have, and keep the rest!" But that is exactly what you seem to love to do. Simply because since you can't possibly fathom any alternative to gov't programs, you feel that they must be necessary.
Smart plan. Attack another country while you're at it. Oh, and I don't you've handed enough money over for the F-35 JSF yet. Give more. Send in extra.
@_date: 2015-01-01 19:03:11
Nothing.