@_author: rshorning
@_date: 2019-07-29 22:08:48
It is more like this:
Dirty Money + Clean Money --&gt; Grey Money + Clean Money --&gt; Clean Money
What really helps with laundering is mixing the sources of money with legitimate revenue streams.  If there is a large amount of cash flowing into a particular business, like casinos, grocery stores, and other similar kinds of businesses you will see often see this kind of laundering going on.
All that really needs to happen is for that "grey money" to be in turn spent on other things where businesses don't question where the money came from and it just becomes a part of the overall legitimate economy.  The point of modern banking laws that record each transaction is to try and source that money back to a point which might not have a legal explanation and ensure it doesn't get hidden.  As soon as the money is merged with legitimate/legal sources in an indistinguishable fashion, the illegal nature is no longer traceable.
It happens with Bitcoin too through exchanges and other ways to launder the money.  Gold can work the same way, presuming that multiple people from multiple revenue streams are getting their money combined so you realize there might be some illegal activity but you can't really pin a specific number down.
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:13:11
Why is that stupid?  If I made some gyro sandwiches at a local shop and was willing to sell them for Bitcoins instead of Euros, what is the problem?  The problem might be for the vendor, but even then they could go to France and exchange Bitcoins for Euros there instead... or to the USA.
The problem is having the money come into Greece right now as the banking system itself is dead.  By using Bitcoins, the option is at least present to continue moving those Bitcoins around the Greek economy in spite of the really stupid international monetary controls that keep Euros from being used instead.
At this point, parking assets into Bitcoins is likely safer as it has backing from sources outside the EU, and the Euro/Bitcoin float value is likely not to be pegged by government fiat right now either.  I would be impressed if the Euro was pegged to Bitcoin value as that would only further the introduction of Bitcoins as a mainstream currency.
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:22:54
The economic value that miners derive is based strictly upon the marketplace of those people who want to enter into the activity.
You are correct that if the profits from engaging in mining activity result in a net loss to those who are setting up mining servers, they will indeed be leaving the ranks of the miners and in turn result in an overall weaker block chain.  That is ultimately what needs to be debated here, in terms of what incentives ought to be in place to encourage or discourage mining activity and what price the users of Bitcoins (aka those engaging in transactions) ought to be paying for that activity.
The debate over the size of the block is squarely in this whole debate as the competition to get a transaction into the block is now a major point of consideration.  When Bitcoin was first happening, transaction fees weren't even needed because enough people were voluntarily running servers that would include every transaction.
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:15:31
I've never supported the halving policy in the first place, and think it was sort of useless to begin with even though it was a concept that sort of sold the idea of Bitcoin to some folks.
On the other hand, the economic value of an individual bitcoin has increased far faster than the rate of the halving, so the only other consideration is the competition among miners to process the transactions.  If there was a real problem trying to get computers to process transactions, your economic concerns might have a whole lot more merit.  I don't see that as a major problem at the moment.
@_date: 2015-06-27 16:17:07
Which really can't be used unless they want to seriously wreck the Russian economy for the rest of the century.  The use of nukes on Europe pretty much guarantees mutually assured destruction, still a very real possibility in spite of the supposed end of the Cold War.  
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:05:29
The funny thing is that this isn't the first time there has been hard forks like this before.  Previously though, when such a fork happened, most people using the older software simply switched to the more up to date software and accepted the changes.  It also helped that it was Satoshi who was pushing the changes at the time (like I said... it goes way back).
*Edit*:  I think it was Satoshi himself that gives a solution to this problem:  The "winner" is the group that puts more computing resources into the longest block chain.  It is a hard nosed and practical solution to a difficult economic problem.  If you have a major fork that gets widespread support, it becomes the default algorithm for the structure as a whole.
IMHO a very democratic principle that seems to be missing in this discussion too.
@_date: 2015-06-29 21:00:36


The same can be true parking assets into any sort of asset of any kind.  It doesn't matter if it is Rubles, Drachmas, Dollars, Pounds, Yap rocks, or Bitcoins.  The need to even convert it back to "traditional" currency is not even necessary as it is merely a medium of exchange.
The problem is how widespread is a particular unit of currency for a given local region?  It makes no sense to have all of your assets in Greece parked in Chinese RMB since almost nobody in Greece really uses that money.  That is a liquid asset of a major international currency too.
I agree that Bitcoins tend to be extremely volitile, thus not something you really want to park a whole lot of assets into compared to something much more stable like traditionally a U.S. Dollar or Euro.  If Greece switches to the Drachma and drops out of the Eurozone, the local Drachmas may not be nearly so stable though compared to Bitcoins... especially if the local banks force you to switch to Drachmas.  It is all relative.
As Bitcoins become more commonly used though, you will see an increase in the price stability of Bitcoins compared to say a loaf of bread or hiring a laborer to work for you for a day.  Those are the real things that matter for almost everybody, not Euros.
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:20:38
This sets up an arbitrage opportunity forced by the European governments that allows people wanting to send money into Greece or to pull money out can come together via Bitcoin to make that happen.  They don't even necessarily need to be in the same room, as the Bitcoins themselves provide the necessary exchange medium.
Most of the Bitcoin to Euro exchanges will need to be done on a retail basis though (in other words, in small denominations, or just a few at a time with whatever Euro currency happens to be available at the time), which seems to be the largest problem right now.
@_date: 2015-06-06 18:06:32
To me, this is a massive "Trust us, your Big Brother at the central institution that will safeguard your private information."
It may be possible that as you open a bank account at a local bank, that they can escrow the private keys for you at that bank too.  I would not ever trust sending private keys over a network though.
@_date: 2014-08-27 18:57:30
The problem here isn't the freedom to make contracts, but rather the enforced monopoly that is happening due to banking regulations preventing competition and start-ups from supplanting organizations like PayPal.  If somebody wants to be a dick like PalPal is doing here, there should be a massive opening for a competing business to step in and do things right (sort of like Bitcoin I suppose).
I would suggest it is government regulations that are preventing other kinds of businesses from opening up alternatives to PayPal, especially if it is "common knowledge" that PayPal screws over their customers and especially merchants on the receiving end of the money.
@_date: 2014-03-17 23:29:45
The thing you miss about Bitcoin is the revolutionary nature and idea of this software.  It can and has upset some of the very rich and powerful in the world by changing the way you even look at money.  When you have Senators (of the U.S. Senate), heads of state, and chairmen of various central banks making statements about your software and the implications of its use, that is pretty heady stuff.  Those are people who simply sneeze and folks die.  That many of those same people are either critical about the software or even active in trying to see it outlawed with people going to prison for its use merely because it exists, that should show the kind of dangers involved.
This has definitely harmed a very innocent person with the horrible misidentification of Satoshi.  I'm glad the real Satoshi actually spoke up too (and was critical), but it only goes to show how silly this has become.
@_date: 2014-09-08 21:49:46
It needs to be standardized by the community... meaning some sort of consensus among those using Bitcoins to make this new unit something that has a name.  I've seen several proposed, but nothing that has really been firmly accepted.
I agree that until such a consensus happens for something useful (where you can earn one or two "Satoshis" per hour or some other similar named unit), scammers will be plentiful and try to convince those new to Bitcions that their new unit of money is worth far more than it should be.
@_date: 2014-05-03 20:01:17
So you think..... and that isn't true either.  The merchant is usually the guy who gets stuck holding the bag in that situation where the local merchant actually loans money temporarily until the FRN-based transaction clears.  If that clearance doesn't happen, the merchant is merely stuck with a bad loan and no real way to collect.
Just ask a typical merchant about charge-backs and then come back to me with that statement again.
@_date: 2014-06-02 17:36:54
On a practical basis, very few if anybody actually donates to such videos.  Bitcoins make it a bit easier (because you can donate the equivalent of $0.02 USD if you want) but it does take some extra effort on the part of anybody even doing that.
@_date: 2014-03-07 05:29:13
I so agree with this.  The journalist involved in writing this article was incredibly irresponsible and certainly didn't seem to care for the intent of privacy that the real Satoshi (whoever that might be) always seemed to want.
@_date: 2014-08-28 01:36:05
It is called the freedom to be a jerk and put things out of context.  I respect your right to do that.
@_date: 2014-09-26 23:40:21
I have found the exact opposite.  Most critics refuse to accept the Bible, particularly the New Testament, even when compared to other contemporary literature (meaning stuff written about 1 AD give or take a few centuries).  They automatically presume it is fantasy made up by some 10th Century monk, with pretty much the same mind set as those who claim the Apollo Moon landings were done in a Hollywood sound studio.  No other external collaboration is even considered and if there is any such collaboration it is treated as if that external evidence is automatically suspect simply because it might confirm a minor point in the New Testament.
I have never see this kind of visceral hatred of any other kind of document and flat out refusing to even consider using something in the New Testament for historic reference.  Far be it getting a pass, it raises red flags if it is ever used and treated worse than a Wikipedia reference in a scholarly paper.  The only exception are theological studies, but they are self-referencing anyway or based upon the study of the New Testament.
@_date: 2014-09-27 11:34:46
No, the whole story revolves around a Jewish rabbi who lived in the Roman province of Judea during the reign of Caesar Augustus and a little later who preached a doctrine that perhaps we ought not kill each other and that it might be good to be nice to one another from time to time.
You are precisely the kind of person I was referring to here, as somebody who takes a head smacking obvious historical figure and warps it way out of proportion.  Jesus never claimed to be an all-powerful deity, although many of his followers have presumed that role for him.  Find any red letters in such an edition of the New Testament where Jesus claims to be that all powerful diety.
The role of resurrection and the miracles performed by Jesus are not the things I'm talking about in terms of history as those are precisely the things of faith.  You can, in my opinion, separate out that religious belief stuff and at least acknowledge that the historical man that was Jesus at least existed a couple thousand years ago.  Furthermore, there is some validity in terms of the ethics preached by Jesus too and worth studying on its own merits rather than getting all crazy about how many angels you can put on the head of a pin.
**Edit:** BTW, in terms of you suggesting if a Superman comic might be used as a credible source for when Metropolis was founded.... it is used as such.  Just look at the Wikipedia article on the subject.  That doesn't imply it is historically accurate though.  On the other hand, there are independent sources that at least attest to the historical existence of Jesus even independent of the standard New Testament texts.  These include archaeological evidence that shows the Judean people at least existed and even some Roman historical references to Jesus and his execution.
@_date: 2014-05-04 03:52:51
Who am I then?  You seemed to have stereotyped me in some fashion that I don't seem to understand from the context of what you've written.
@_date: 2014-05-03 19:11:33
I question the importance of the fractional reserve system, but I will agree it has been used to make a bunch of bankers very wealthy indeed.
@_date: 2014-05-03 19:58:17
Every once in awhile Americans actually do something about their complaints though.  It happens in other countries too, but in America we tend to complain to neighbors and each other in an attempt to inspire somebody to "do something".
@_date: 2014-03-10 05:17:44
Assuming that Mt. Gox still has any coins left, and assuming that the site is frozen so no more Bitcoins can leave from the stash under control by Mt. Gox, it may be possible for a bankruptcy judge to divide up the remaining Bitcoins (minus attorney fees.... see how that works?) among all Mt. Gox accounts in a proportional basis.
That is the best you can hope for, and it may be you are just screwed altogether.  Small accounts may get screwed over in particular, but it is hard to say.
If you can trace and hunt down the hackers, they of course would be liable for damages so you might get a proportion allocation from any such funds recovered plus additional fines (sent to you as federal reserve notes instead or in the currency of the country where these guys might be prosecuted).  How likely do you think that will happen?
Or the SEC will simply take everything and it will all go to the federal treasury.  Won't that be grand?
@_date: 2014-08-27 18:49:38
Wikileaks is a separate issue that has political implications and a whole lot of congress critters breathing down the necks of regulators.... and crap runs down hill from there.  While there may be some similar kind of regulatory resistance to Bitcoin stuff, they aren't targeting specific individuals generally.
Put away your tin hat and try to be a little more reasonable.
@_date: 2014-05-04 02:00:26
You are presuming that banks only lend the money that depositors have put into their banks.... such as if you or I would set up a bank and loan some money.
That is not what FRB-affiliated banks do.  They literally loan money created out of thin air and loan that money for homes, cars, college educations, and for even credit cards.  The fractional reserve is not that they have to maintain a fraction of the money to ensure a bank run, but rather that they can continue to loan until deposits + capital as a ratio of loans made does not exceed a certain minimum.
It would be awesome if banks could not exceed their deposits in terms of what they loan.  That is not the case currently though.
@_date: 2014-11-05 00:04:56
I am simply stating that your assertion is simply wrong with regards to the kind of sources which are required for Wikipedia.  Yes, those two examples have other sources to establish notability, but you can and indeed those articles do use sources from the gaming trade magazines.
I am not using this as a justification for putting in a "keep" but rather pointing out that Bitcoin related publications lack even the loose standard of having a trade journal which can be considered a reliable source.  At best you have some posts by Satoshi about what he thought of Bitcoin development and why he wanted to institute some ideas... in ordinary discussion forums.  This is why there isn't anything you can use in this case, and the sources used in this particular article are frankly things that need to be thrown out for the most part.
@_date: 2014-09-27 16:56:33
You insistence here of extending this conversation only proves my point.  The New Testament is not respected as an historical document.  Using it as an historical reference in any manner only diminishes the value of whatever scholarly paper is involved and is better left out entirely even if the historical reference is entirely appropriate.  It certainly is toxic even compared to other potential sources written about the same time.
You are the one trying to make religious claims about Jesus that I am not.
I'll also note that Jesus was hardly the first person to be asserted as the son of God.  Each one of the various Caesars, several Viking rulers, Egyptian Pharoahs (who claimed to be the son of the Sun) and even the current Emperor of Japan all claim that same title.  That is really the dime a dozen claim if I ever heard of one.
Your claims here do not justify why this Jewish rabbi has been the founder of one of the most significant religious movements of all of history and sounds like you really don't understand him or his message either.  As an historic person, Jesus certain should be examined and studied if only for this kind of impact he has had upon the world through his adherants, which seems to be what you are denying  never exist either.
@_date: 2014-03-10 05:25:03
What do you think the German government thinks about the Federal Reserve Bank of New York?  They deposited all of those bars of gold there, and now for some reason those bars of gold can't be found.
Isn't that wonderful?
And that institution is still in business for some reason.  I guess Germany doesn't want to go to war against America right now over that issue.
@_date: 2014-05-04 02:22:16
The FDIC is just as stable as the weakest bank (or at least the median bank).  Just look at what happened to the FSLIC and try to convince me that the same thing won't happen to the FDIC?
Since you need to have a central clearing house in a 21st century America, without a bank account you are simply screwed.  Yes, you have an obligation to put your money in a bank, because otherwise you simply can't exist except as an extreme outlier being outside of the economy.
@_date: 2014-03-17 22:54:21
I'm complaining about being nit picky about what it being said rather than trying to really pay attention to the substance of the message itself.  Of course responding to a troll, just as I'm doing here, doesn't help either.
You were also assuming a whole bunch about the background of a guy that clearly Newsweek hasn't even really tried to find out who the guy was and jumped at a whole bunch of conclusions that turned out to be wrong.  Why can't you also be wrong with assuming he understands English with native fluency?  It is this same kind of unsubstantiated leap of logic that led to him being accused of inventing Bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2014-03-17 14:27:16
So why be a grammar nazi about this statement?  Heck, why be a grammar nazi at all and try to correct anybody's writing?
@_date: 2014-05-04 02:39:24
The only time that a U.S. Dollar (Federal Reserve Note, or whatever) is legally required is to pay a debt upon a claim in a courtroom or to pay taxes.  If somebody owes you money and you sue them in front of a judge to pay up on a legitimate debt, that debt must be paid in the legal tender.  Note that states can establish legal tender other than dollars as well, so technically it is just federal courts where this is strictly required, but most state governments also require dollars in America.
Utah is one place where gold is permitted as a substitute for dollars as legal tender, but state law still uses dollars for determining awards and judgements as well as for calculating tax receipts with gold value determined by some spot price determined by the state tax commission.
@_date: 2014-05-04 02:06:13
What I'm suggesting is that a merchant damn well knows that clearing a bank transaction with a POS device is not instantaneous and takes more than a couple of seconds.  What clears in that couple of seconds is that the customer **may have** some line of credit or some reserves available to pay the bill, and that the merchant is willing to take the risk of letting you have the merchandise, product, or service right away.
The actual clearing of the accounts takes way longer than a few seconds and in fact takes far longer to perform than if you were using Bitcoins with an extreme level of paranoia (aka expecting a block chain of at least 4-5 blocks deep with the transaction before concluding clearance has happened).
That is why I am calling the above poster suggesting he doesn't understand what it is that he is claiming to understand.  POS devices are not as instantaneous as he thinks.
@_date: 2014-06-02 16:11:28
I have to agree with your assertion here.  If a user is executing the API as a part of a transaction for fund transfers of some kind, the government ID is most definitely reasonable (especially with government requirements for such things... complain to legislators/members of congress/members of parliament for such things if you hate that kind of restriction).   For a developer being required to submit such information, it limits the potential users of the API and seems like either a mistaken notion of what is required or perhaps some ulterior motive on the part of the group making the API.
If it is an ulterior motive or targeting developers for the purpose of eventually arresting them simply for developing software, it is very definitely something to be screaming about like you have here.  There is no other point to requiring such government issued ID.
@_date: 2014-03-17 14:01:26
There is always RT, which clearly doesn't exist to just sell advertising.  That it happens to be set up specifically to promote Vladimir Putin and make Russia seem like the greatest country in the world is sort of the point of that organization though.
@_date: 2014-09-26 23:28:26
Whistleblower?  What is that?
Yes, I'm serious about the question, as it seems like merely a way to get fired or thrown into prison.
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:30:42
If Bitcoins become the world reserve currency, it will be a hugely big deal.  It isn't even close to that now and some random very small countries using Bitcoins is about as novel as using Runescape Gold for currency (with about as many people using that for transactions).  Notable, no doubt, but not a bit deal.
If one of the big "G" governments starts using Bitcoins for taxation (aka the G-8, G-12, or whatever they call themselves at the moment), that will also be a huge deal... even if it is merely an alternative payment method.
@_date: 2014-05-04 02:31:06
The intrinsic value of a Bitcoin is the computational hashes that have been used to create that bitcoin, fungible through the use of purchasing electricity or perhaps even the infrastructure including the fuels needed to make that electricity.
@_date: 2014-05-03 19:13:36
And to think that people complain about the 10 minute clearance time for a BTC transaction. :)
@_date: 2014-05-04 02:20:48
The role of the Federal Reserve and what "fractional lending" actually has become is very different than what is typically taught in economics classes.  That the European Central Bank, Bank of England, and Bank of Japan all do the same thing is irrelevant other than the whole system is pretty corrupt.  I wish it was just a matter of banks loaning out money that depositors + investors made available as assets in exchange for loans + interest.  Perhaps if that was the case, banks would be a whole lot more careful about who they loaned money to.  I'd just say read up on the actual system being used, and bring a bag to puke into at the same time.
Yes, I do think that if the fractional reserve system was never implemented that we indeed could have a very strong economy.  Banks are not the economy other than perhaps as a clearinghouse of accounts.... something that does not even require deposits much less a fractional reserve system.
Note that unlike some I'm not even against a fiat currency.  It doesn't need to be a central bank, and for that matter doesn't even need to be a sovereign entity either but it might help in terms of legitimacy.  I do think that a fiat currency needs to be kept stable (anti counterfeiting laws are just fine and in fact needed), but the issuing entity should also be criticized strongly if they inflate the currency as well.
What would be needed is something that could be used as money where whatever you are using for money has units which are divisible for the smallest transaction possible in that economy (like buying a piece of bubble gum for a penny used to be).  It must be trusted that it can maintain value and otherwise fit a proper definition of money.  With all of those basic requirements being met, people who need investment capital could definitely obtain that through multiple means and fractional reserve banks are definitely not needed.
@_date: 2014-11-04 16:42:39


That isn't really true either.  The problem is the definition of "reliable sources", as in some publication that shows some sort of independent editorial control from the authors that also can reject submissions on a regular basis (due to inferior quality) and shows some sort of lasting quality as well.
Trade magazines are just fine, which is often the only place you can get information for things like video games or their developers (like Sid Meier or Markus Persson).
Unfortunately for Bitcoin, most of the "news sites" are blogs, forums, or publications that really aren't noteworthy either.  Only a few papers have been published about Bitcoin in peer-reviewed journals, and there is nothing dedicated to Bitcoin mathematics or algorithmic theory.
Blogs at best are only considered a primary source (when describing stuff in the first person) at best.
@_date: 2014-08-27 19:44:57
Paypal is regulated by banking regulations, and I dare you to try and set up a competing service.  Really... just try to set up a computer that transfers monetary credits of any kind (not even Bitcoins... try eGold and a few others who have attempted to get into the business).  I promise you that you will find some jackass bureaucrat breathing down your neck and court orders that shut down your site as well as stealing your DNS routing data and shutting down any sort of payment system you can come up with.
Yes, I realize PayPal is a private organization not technically a bank.  You still haven't responsed to the fact that nobody else can set up a similar company... at least not without spending millions or billions on kissing the behinds of many politicians and hiring an army of lawyers who will weasel their way into all of the banking regulations to make your "non-bank" legal.
I have looked into this stuff myself, and the more I started to dig, the more discouraged I got.  If you think this is a knee jerk reaction and response, just give me ONE single counter example to my argument, that it is indeed possible for a small developer to set up on even a small scale a competing enterprise to PayPal.
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:24:46
You can move the decimal point and call them something else.  There may even be a useful point within the community to do that.... and nothing wrong with Satoshi Nakamoto setting the decimal point where he did because there was no way to know how much value they would eventually obtain.  Certainly no idea when the first actual transaction was for a $10 pizza that cost 1000 Bitcoins (and even that was just a poke in the dark in terms of an exchange rate).
I agree it is a problem though, but easily fixed.
@_date: 2014-03-17 14:06:24
It annoys me when software strips out the second space in my sentences.  For me, it is not just a writing style but it makes everything I write look more clearly, thus annoying when these tools try to second guess what I'm doing.
I agree with you though it is a product of old school typing conventions, where in my case I learned how to type on an IBM Selectric.
@_date: 2014-08-23 23:41:44
This is why I'm so glad that VAT doesn't exist in America, in spite of some folks insisting it happens.  Sales tax is so much easier to figure out.
@_date: 2014-03-18 14:43:18
That is just the tip of the iceberg on it too.  Several bills have been suggested in terms of being submitted to the U.S. Congress as well.  As the guy who came up with the idea of Bitcoin, Satoshi definitely has a huge target painted on his back and anonymity is really his best protection.
Almost everybody associated with Bitcoin has been paranoid about the official government reactions from practically the beginning because they knew it was going to be rocking the boat of some very powerful people.  While not all wealthy people are criminals, there are some people who are wealthy that also don't mind killing somebody simply because they lost some money in an investment.
Let's just hope this stays low key right now.
@_date: 2014-05-03 19:53:12
What I question is the traditional narrative that the fractional reserve was necessary for a robust and thriving economy driven by bankers loaning money and inflating the currency.  Included with that notion is the idea that inflation as a permanent and long-term condition is necessary for a modern economy as well.
I have no problem with banking holding onto a fraction of their deposits.  What I have a problem with is banks being capable of loaning money created out of thin air by a central bank based upon a fractional reserve requirement of what deposits they happen to have on hand.
Note:  Banks don't loan out deposits.  Those deposits are merely proscribed limits to how much more... far more... that those banks can loan to others.
@_date: 2014-08-27 20:56:58
On the contrary.  To quote: "all for the freedom of private parties to contract in a non-coerced fashion, until the terms of the contract get in the way of their consumerism."
The presumption with contracts is that you have a market place of locations where you can negotiate so if you don't like the terms of a contract, you can always move on to the next guy.  You should have your eyes open to those terms and run away from anybody who has abusive provisions in those contracts.
A monopoly takes all of that away, which is precisely why people get their panties in a bunch over abusive terms hoping that the government will step in and fix the situation... a situation that I am asserting is caused because the government stepped in to begin with and has already screwed up the situation.   It becomes a death spiral of government regulations that is also encouraged by large companies as they realize no competitor can possibly step in challenge their rules.
This guy is complaining because after the fact he is getting shut down and money taken from him due in large part because he has no other option for people to send him federal reserve notes in exchange for a physical Bitcoin.  I think that has everything to do with the OP comments, banks, PayPal, not to mention why your comment here is sort of silly trying to slam libertarians at the same time.
@_date: 2014-09-27 11:57:55
Supposedly there are policies in major companies as well as in government service for being one who speaks up and goes outside of the chain of command to bring up corruption.  The problem is that unfortunately there is a recent and strong change in attitude towards those who do such things in American society at the moment... at least among both corporate and government leaders.
I admire people who go out on a limb and speak up, although they do get hammered down real hard.  Some day people in America are going to wake up and realize that political prisoners actually do exist in American prisons, where their crime is simply making a politician look bad.  It shouldn't be happening, but it is happening.
@_date: 2015-05-07 18:21:23
While you may find Bitcoin innovative, don't forget the things that preceeded Bitcoin as a concept.  Perhaps the most significant was the HashCash concept, which interestingly enough was created not so much as actual currency to be exchanged, but rather to help cut down on spam received through e-mail.
There were other crypto-currencies that existed prior to Bitcoin as well, but they didn't put everything together like Satoshi ended up doing with Bitcoin.  Most of those alternative crypto-currencies required a central clearing house at least at some point to validate a particular unit of currency... even though that currency could be transferred without assistance of the central clearing house if needed.
Other "consensus-based currencies" like of course the Ithica Dollar are also honorable mentions, which showed that private individuals without assistance of a government agency could also get an alternative currency established.
Yes, the Bitcoin as a concept is very innovative, but it was the putting together of otherwise separate concepts into a whole package that was the real innovation here.
@_date: 2015-01-17 04:45:43
The primary point of a VPN is to treat other network locations as if they are behind the same firewall and essentially a part of the same LAN.  That has of course limited application for random strangers coming together, but it is useful in terms of low security operating systems like Microsoft Windows and connecting users together in that sort of situation.
Alternatively, if you are really paranoid about communications you can always try to employ strategies of FreeNet instead.  A bit inefficient and a bandwidth hog, but it does work for this purpose if you are trying to hide data in terms of data origin.
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:36:13
I didn't like that SCOTUS opinion precisely because it didn't address the bigger issue, which is that laws that aren't enforced regularly shouldn't be selectively enforced when politically expedient.  That would have set a wider precedent (something SCOTUS generally doesn't like to do all that often) but something that IMHO should be common sense and a part of common law.
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:44:06
How would the audit happen?  They might be able to trace your individual wallet and monitor transactions with that particular wallet, but it wouldn't stop shuffling around the money with other wallets.
The IRS might be able to determine that the only outgoing transactions from another wallet might be to just your wallet, thus being able to perform some sort of analysis with the block chain as a whole, but there are definitely ways to disguise transactions in Bitcoin and make it impossible to perform any reasonable audit without your full cooperation and the honor system.
@_date: 2015-01-17 04:50:44
Federal income tax originally was just 1% and applied to income over $100k (of a century ago too).  Feature creep for tax proposals, especially new kinds of taxes, is a common tactic with any government entity.
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:38:31
This will keep poor people from using Bitcoins for everyday transactions like buying a gallon of milk, getting a candy bar from a vending machine, or a pair of socks.  For poor people, those are high frequency transactions.
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:46:18
This is a point not often noted, as work units can be rejected at the client level too.  It would need to be widespread rejection though.
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:58:55
Courts deal with dollars (at least for U.S. courts) or the local legal tender.  That is sort of what gives value to that legal tender since all debts must be settled with that legal tender in those courts.
You might be able to get a judge convinced that a certain number of Bitcoins is worth so many dollars, but that is a separate negotiation.  On the whole it would be best to simply stay away from court rooms if you wish to settle a debt with Bitcoins or deal with mediators and arbitrators who are willing to work more directly with Bitcoin based transactions.
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:48:01
The concept of a VPN isn't dead though.  You just can't use the published standards and instead need to do other data encryption instead and encapsulate the data stream in another fashion.
@_date: 2016-01-13 15:53:52
Reddit doesn't care as the mods are given near total authority on any given subreddit.  You have the right to fork to a new subreddit, but think about the consequences of doing something like that.
Sometimes the more popular subreddits will get some minor attention from the full-time Reddit staff, but even then they tread very lightly even with mods that don't give a shit about their communities.   It is a known problem with Reddit in general and not just @_date: 2016-01-19 12:35:35
There is this amazing device called a programmable electronic computer.  It was first invented by a man by the name of Charles Babbage in the 19th Century with principles refined by John Von Neumann and Alan Turning.
For some silly reason the manufacturers of those millions of routers and network switches never bothered to actually use those kind of devices to.... be reprogrammable.  The only thing needed for a switch to IPv6 is just software alone, which is precisely the same thing that is facing nodes with the blockchain changes.  If anything, the changes to IPv6 are far less of an impact because it is just a simple header change that adds a few extra bytes per packet, while the blockchain update is a much larger increase in block size.
I have a hard time believing that any significant network node running today in a significant location has been in continuous operation since 2000.  There is IMHO zero excuse for any current router on the internet not to be IPv6 capable simply through the normal course of upgrades and ordinary maintenance.
I'd say the same thing should be true for anybody running a full Bitcoin node, where any miner or even record keeper that monitors the block chain should similarly be at least capable of receiving the larger block sizes even if they refuse to pass them on to other nodes as a political move.
@_date: 2016-01-13 16:01:22
In all seriousness, how would you suggest that a decentralized discussion forum work?  I could imagine some sort of peer to peer discussion platform where posts could be pulled from a cloud and have users self-moderate.... but it would be like Reddit without mods.
Such software even exists BTW, so another question to ask is why is Reddit so popular and those other discussion forums simply a bunch of wannabe discussion areas?
@_date: 2019-03-06 22:58:28


That is cord, you imbecile!  (just kidding :)
A cord of wood is quite a bit though, about 3 1/2 cubic meters by volume.  I would hope you could get several furlongs out of that much wood in a steam powered automobile.
My favorite non-metric unit though is the microfortnight... close enough to about a second that the difference is hard to notice.  Picofortnights have been used in software for timing some processes.... usually done tongue in cheek but it has stuck around.
@_date: 2016-01-09 03:10:07
I had the same experience when I tried to send some money to Notch when I wanted to buy a Minecraft account... although that was several years ago.  In that case, they just didn't think a lone Swedish software developer would be earning millions of dollars per month in his very ordinary personal bank account.
Banks can be dicks with the unusual, which is more than likely the problem you experienced.  It is a process of being guilty of fraud and money laundering until you are proven innocent and "legitimate" where the banks see something as an ordinary kind of activity.  Money transfers to bitcoin brokers is still seen as unusual, particularly anybody who has seen any sort of explosive growth that is typical for internet endeavors but rare in normal commerce at a brick &amp; mortar retail business without having years of ramping up revenue to much larger levels.
@_date: 2016-01-18 15:06:24
The largest example I can use in comparison here is perhaps the discussion between IPv4 and IPv6.  While it hasn't been nearly as contentious, the process of trying to get people to switch to IPv6 network addresses has been as painful of a process and done for very nearly the same reasons the block size expansion is being proposed:  to properly scale in a way that was not originally envisioned when the developers first started.
IPv6 has been under development since 1998, which in regards to internet time is a glacial and I dare say even geological time scales in comparison.  I wouldn't doubt that there are some people reading this subreddit right now that were born after its inception.  To say this isn't contentious is also wrong, because there definitely are multiple camps among those who are network engineers with regards to their view of IPv6 vs. IPv4 and even if there is a need for that switch.  The only difference is that these arguments are so old that many people have likely even forgotten that there was a debate at all and that the debate is now at a slow simmering stage rather than being recent.
That doesn't give me much hope for something like the need for an expanded block size in Bitcoin or coming to any sort of agreement.  If IP address formation takes this long to get resolved after over a decade of a working alternative being up and running, what hope is there that something like blocksize can be resolved?
@_date: 2017-01-01 18:57:36


There actually was a whole lot of resistance to alternative currency concepts including Bitcoin.  I could name a few like eGold and Liberty Coin that were quite substantial.  The efforts of the U.S. federal government trying to shut down peer to peer networks in general is something you need to look at more closely too.
The problem with Bitcoin is that it is open source and the developer is simply anonymous.  The cat is out of the bag as it were, so making this illegal would require massive censorship on a scale that would require essentially a blatant repeal of the U.S. 1st amendment and be so obvious that even technologically illiterate U.S. Senators would have to admit that is exactly what they are trying to accomplish.  Arresting any of the developers would also accomplish nothing as it would be a wack-a-mole adventure where it would embolden others to keep trying to expand the protocol and such acts would actually spread the range of those who know about it.  Experience with the deCSS software is something that didn't go unnoticed by federal prosecutors.
Something you are also missing in your analysis is that financial transactions already are heavily monitored, and indeed I would dare say much easier to trace than what is done via Bitcoin where plausible deniability is ever present.... particularly as you can't be traced if you don't spend Bitcoins unlike what happens with conventional banking transactions.
Yes, the folks at the NSA could have invented something like Bitcoin because they certainly have a bunch of very competent software devlopers working for the organization.  Ditto for Google or Microsoft.... both of which have smarter and better software developers as well as many more than those working for the NSA (in my own estimation).  I would also dare say that among the body of people who are independent developers, there are people who as a group number far more than any specific organization you can point to and are much smarter than any gaggle of PhDs you can find (a PhD in computer science doesn't mean much in terms of software development skill) and some utterly brilliant people can and do come up with some really interesting stuff.
You are simply presuming that brilliant ideas must come from some sort of organized activity when in fact historically that generally is not the case.  New ideas generally don't come from large and well established institutions in general.
@_date: 2017-08-05 21:42:33


Funny, as I've argued and suggested things that went into the basic protocol.  Of course I was involved very early on and those changes were extremely minor, but it did happen.  In fact, the current argument over block size is definitely all about changes in the bitcoin protocol too.
There is also the "right to fork", where if you want to do something different you can always change the protocol and convince others to join in your branch.  That is something nice about having an open source software project, of which the Bitcoin protocol is definitely open source even if some specific implementations aren't.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:38:02
I used to think I was doing a favor to businesses by paying cash instead of debit/credit card.  It turns out though that except for very small transactions (which are better off being done on a vending machine anyway) the cost for the vendor is pretty much a wash between cash transactions vs. cards.  
Cash transactions require some intensive auditing and for many businesses even some armed security guys to at least come and pick up the cash as well as other costs including some bank surcharges for accepting the cash.  In short, adding up all of the costs and paperwork that goes into cash transactions and the per transaction cost is about the same.
@_date: 2017-08-05 21:37:36
I would disagree.  While there certainly are pure knockoffs of Bitcoin that basically use the same protocol but with a different root block (those are indeed the folks that are merely trying to soak it up), a great many.... I'd dare same most of the alt-coins usually have some specific difference from other block chain monetary concepts where they are experimenting outside of what Bitcoin developers long ago discarded.
In other words, they actually do have some aspiration of coming up with something different that could supplant &amp; replace the system.  Many of the developers of those alt-coins know that they will largely fail, but it is possible for a couple of the concepts to stick and take hold.
It is a good thing to go into root assumptions of Bitcoin from time to time and question everything... and see what has worked and what hasn't.   There certainly is room for experimentation to see if some other concept might be more useful.
@_date: 2016-12-31 21:04:26
Anonymity is something that the Bitcoin community claimed existed but never really did.  It wasn't really a design feature as such.
The tricky thing about anonymity is the issue of trying to track the unit usage to prevent double spending.  That is what kills anonymity as there needs to be an accounting trail on every transaction.  If you can think up something that could preserve anonymity and still have that accounting, be my guest to announce it.  The protocol permits the use of separate addresses on each transaction that in theory are harder to trace even if used by the same wallet.
What you are talking about has nothing to do with the NSA.  If you are complaining about how "it is fucking hard to use Bitcoin anonymously", you are using the wrong client software and sounds like a problem on your end.  Use Kickstarter or set up a Bitcoin funding pool to help finance a new client if you really are complaining about features.
@_date: 2017-08-05 21:23:52


There have been some attempts to try and fix that situation so the massive CPU power consumption isn't as bit of a deal.  Naturally these are legitimately "alt-coins" like NXT and a few that attempt to perform something useful with the CPU usage along the lines similar to SETI (to give an example of distributed computing that performs a public service rather than simply chewing up CPU cycles for no good).
Nothing has really taken off though in terms of alternatives (even though I'm a bit of a NXT fan myself.... but not completely sold on it either).
Bitcoins in and of themselves are eventually going to go away, even though I think they will last likely as long as FRNs (Federal Reserve Notes) and will definitely outlast the existence of FRNs.  
The concept of a block chain with some kind of encryption &amp; hashing function as tied to safeguarding money is something here to stay for as long as mankind is around though, which is the really neat thing about the wonder that Satoshi started.  The major central banks are now looking into adopting the concept into the overall global money supply, which speaks volumes about how effective of a concept it has become.
As far as an "energy crisis", I'm not worried about that at all.  There is going to be a period of readjustment as government leaders get their collective heads out of the ground and move to real alternative energy sources and stuff that has been kicking around, but cheap &amp; reliable electricity production is definitely available at levels many times what is currently being done globally and can be maintained for millennia and potentially millions of years or more.  In that time frame, I really think fusion energy production is going to be a real and practical thing where there is always mining Jupiter &amp; Saturn for Hydrogen if you think there isn't enough elsewhere.  In other words, any shortage of energy or electricity production is due to intentional failures of the market caused by government interference and intentional political actions to keep electricity from getting made.
@_date: 2016-11-02 01:15:56
That was a fun trip down memory lane.  It is funny how unfounded some of the concerns about Bitcoin were unjustified and what worked out in the end.  Mind you, at the time I was telling Satoshi he was getting a bit too big of a head at this time too and making mistakes with project governance.... including how this message was the wrong thing for the project at the time.
There was a point about getting Bitcoin perhaps too closely associated with Wikileaks, sort of like how Freenet got associated with child pornography.  The solution to that issue though was to expand even faster and to encourage the adoption of Bitcoin to even more people rather than deliberately trying to restrict its growth as Satoshi was trying to advocate.... and that is just as true today with the problems that Bitcoin faces at the moment.
I know some within the Bitcoin community wanted to keep a squeaky clean image of what Bitcoin could be as a respectable medium of exchange and settlement of debts instead of a part of the seedy underground of the dark web or at least the grey web like Wikileaks.  Then again, most of the earliest advocates for Bitcoin tended to be anarchocapitalists who wanted to upset social institutions.... and doesn't Wikileaks sound like the same kind of community?
@_date: 2017-08-05 21:03:51


I'd like to correct that.  What remains is a **claimed** inflation rate in the 2% range and an overall target by the Fed to attempt to achieve that rate with no standard as to how inflation is even measured in the first place.
If you used the same measurement standard for the CPI (Consumer Price Index.... at least one semi-legitimate measurement of inflation) that was used in the 1970's, [the USA would have averaged about 10% inflation per year over the past decade](
In other words, the real facts are far worse than what is reported, and inflation of the U.S. Dollar is intentionally being kept low for many reasons, not the least of which is built-in "cost-of-living adjustments" (sometimes called COLAs) that make it extremely useful to under-report inflation.
Don't buy the hype that FRNs have maintained a low interest rate and that The Fed is trying to keep inflation down.
And yes, that is one (out of many) of the reasons among many that people are fleeing to Bitcoins as a place to store money.
@_date: 2017-08-05 21:30:22


Yes, a larger problem is large scale quantum computing that can break almost every currently known hashing algorithm and make attacks on the block chain trivial for a single computing center.
Blockchain concepts wouldn't go away, but what would take its place would not be Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-06 11:38:50
Hard forks are also pretty common, but that is when they become alt coins (or at least what is claimed to be such).  That is also true in most open source software projects where it is extremely rare to see a hard fork... even for word processors, video games, or something like a simple calculator app.  Such hard forks occasionally happen (like Libre Office forking from Open Office), but it is usually due to a break down of the internal politics or a single organization seizing control of the project and refusing to let others get involved.
Most open source projects require changes to be something you argue about within the project (the Linux mailing list being a really good example... or Wikipedia talk pages) and requires consensus to be achieved before drastic changes start to happen.  Bitcoin is hardly any different from those other major projects.  Hard forks happen when a major group refuses to compromise and doesn't permit changes to happen that are widely supported by another usually very large group.
@_date: 2016-12-31 06:10:01
You ought to ask the developers of Minecraft, Stardew Valley, and Banished.  Yes, those are video games, but all three projects too are several years of dedicated solo development.  In the case of Minecraft, Notch did everything including writing the HTML for the minecraft.net website, the loader, and even produced videos for YouTube for several years until he finally got enough money to start hiring people to help him out.
This isn't all that unusual other than it does show dedication... and Satoshi deserves credit for the effort he did put into the project.  Solo software developers can and still do produce some amazing software that can be extremely groundbreaking.
@_date: 2016-12-31 20:54:45
Is a television complex?  The main thing that Philo Farnsworth (a solo inventor who came up with the idea that analog televisions used until everything went digital) did was come up with both a vacuum tube that could extract photographic information electronically and to be able to reproduce that efficiently.  Previous television systems were mechanical.
In other words, this is something that could be said about almost any invention or discovery.  Everybody who actually creates a new technology is building upon the work of others.
@_date: 2017-08-06 15:34:37


Of course it impacts end users of the software.  The actual format of the data as it is stored is different as well as over time significant differences in even the user interface and other key features of that software.
A hard fork of the Spanish Wikipedia (you ought to read up on how that happened... an interesting story by itself) even resulted in literally two different encyclopedias that got developed with substantially different articles in each one.
I suppose from the perspective of what end users actually get in terms of an encyclopedia, a word processor, and in the case of hard forks of something like Bitcoin, the purpose of that software still remains effectively unchanged.
I don't get your point about a hard fork of LibreOffice here.
@_date: 2016-12-31 06:15:01


There is no reason to think this had anything at all to do with the NSA, and indeed a lot of reasons to think it very much wasn't so far as the involvement of the intelligence communities in the early days of its development.  Most of the early supporters and users were very much anarcho-libertarians that philosophically were against almost everything about the NSA.
@_date: 2016-12-31 21:22:47
This is still a massive conspiracy theory that is completely unproven and unprovable, where this "evidence" is as flimsy of circumstantial evidence as you can get and hardly proof at all.  If you are complaining about why certain features haven't been added into the main Bitcoin protocol since Satoshi released the initial concept, you might be able to claim that perhaps the NSA/CIA/FED or some other governmental agency has captured the main reference client.
Satoshi simply created something that worked sort of well.  It wasn't perfect and it definitely led to others seeing weaknesses in the protocol to create alternative blockchain concepts.  That is IMHO a good thing too.  If you don't like Bitcoins, don't use them.
@_date: 2016-12-31 16:46:15
I took about six years to write the software project mentioned above.  It wasn't the first software project I've been involved with nor the last, and I'll admit I did work with a team of about a dozen other developers too on that project although I personally contributed roughly a million lines of code along the way.
Lines of code is not the issue at hand though, as you can get any code monkey to churn out thousands of lines of code.  For that matter, 15k lines of code can in some circumstances be something that a single software developer can churn out in a single month.  Or it could take some time if you are doing something a bit more unusual.
Having gone over the original Bitcoin source code myself, it was well written by a very competent software developer but nothing in there suggests that it could not be done by a single software developer who pieced together many different concepts from other sources (like any skilled software developer would do as well).  This was not a first piece of software written by the developer and definitely not a recent college graduate either.  In other words, the work of a competent and skilled professional software developer who had likely been studying the cryptographic techniques and likely wrote some other crypto software (either as a hobby or professionally... that doesn't matter) prior to the development of Bitcoin.
It is praiseworthy, but not something to worship or be in awe over.
@_date: 2016-12-31 21:12:49
I know of a great many significant software projects that have been written without formal software specification documents.  Indeed I'd dare say they are the exception rather than the rule to have such documentation, although Satoshi did write up a formal whitepaper prior to the development of his software that was in essence a blueprint of the concept.
I also don't know what other private notes Satoshi might have written and never published, or he might have simply been embarrassed by the quality of his formal specification documentation that he had.  The tendency to simply try and commit the ideas to code instead is common especially when you are working in a small team or going solo, where the documentation **is the code**.
A larger reason for making formal specifications tends to be due to the fact that you have a much larger team that needs to have a common framework to work from.  If companies like Microsoft often run ahead of themselves and disregard software specifications (like API documents) randomly throwing stuff in and adding features or tweaking parameters in an undocumented manner, why would you hold a solo development effort to such a high standard?
@_date: 2016-12-31 05:59:50
The thing is that Bitcoin is an amalgamation of many ideas that have been kicking around for a long, long time.  I read about electronic cash somewhat similar to Bitcoin as early as the 1980's in a copy of Byte magazine (at least the transaction business and many of the record keeping ideas to avoid double spending).  Other ideas like cryptographic proof of use date back to HashCash and several cryptographic ideas that have also been kicking around for much longer.
The genius that Satoshi had was to put all of these ideas into a coherent whole in a new and interesting way that became Bitcoin.  It was a topic that I had been following for some time off and on well before I encountered Bitcoin.  He stands out as a giant so far as he was standing on the shoulders of giants before him that had come up with some very interesting ideas and shamelessly appropriated those concepts for his own.
If anything, I assert this is also flat out proof that software patents are absolute BS, as Bitcoin would not exist as it does today if the underlying technologies of Bitcoin had been patented by those previous inventors and developers.  Being able to implement SHA-2, Hashcash, peer to peer networking protocols, and so much else that is in the protocol without having to worry about patents and even copyrights (because all of that was already available under the GPL... Satoshi didn't have to implement those algorithms from scratch but instead shamelessly took them from other developers and even outright pre-existing code and definitely standard software algorithms).
I've written software packages 100x the size of Bitcoin, so I"m not shocked at the complexity or the ideas presented.  It definitely could have been developed as a single person project.... so far as who put the bits and pieces together from so many other different projects into a single package.  If it feels like it could have been made by a committee in terms of the depth of ideas, it is because of all of the borrowing that Satoshi did to make it happen.
Then again, the ideas of Alan Turing, Grace Hopper, and John Von Neuman with perhaps even a touch of Ada Lovelace are in much of the software in use today in the same way.  That is simply technological progress and the history of inventions in general.
@_date: 2019-08-17 15:39:06
While technically true, the transactions need to be put into the global block chain eventually.  That can be done by SneakerNet, but it needs to hapoen for the transactions to be validated.
@_date: 2019-06-07 17:17:15
Woe be to you passing a drug to a fellow citizen though.  And mind you, Singapore is far nicer about that stuff than the People's Republic.  At least Singapore tries to help consumers but they are otherwise ruthless and civil rights aren't the same as western countries.
@_date: 2019-06-07 16:59:34
That would not have happened with the CCP.  Indeed the current police state policies are justified by that period of Chinese history.
Singapore comes to mind as a place where prohibition sort if work in the same way... a hyper oppressive government with electronic surveillance and essentially keeping track of every citizen in detail.  1984 no longer needs to happen with just the party members.
@_date: 2019-06-07 18:08:50
I agree with you.  But I'm not talking theoretical governments here.  Oppressive governments have a few advantages, and crime tends to stay low in them too.  The criminals are competition for government workers.
I would rather live in a society though where I'm free of such surveillance or much government of any kind.  Unfortunately nearly every country is trying to be like the People's Republic.... as if that is the gold standard for how governments should behave and even that falls short of what Chairman Mao showed could be done.
@_date: 2019-06-07 17:11:44
And the graves of tens of millions of Chinese people who took up that offer after they committed suicide by a bullet to the back of the head and a fine to the family of those people for the price of those bullets 
I shudder what the sesame credit and Chinese social media scores are going to do in the future?  Imagine if you could get cryptocurrency or even actual Bitcoins from the government for ratting out a fellow citizen?  That is the next tool that is being used by the CCP.  And you get extra karma too, which in turn can be used for permission to have a kid, start a business, or go on a vacation.  Just don't collect any downvotess or you might not be able to shop at the grocery store.
@_date: 2015-08-30 18:11:08
The part that gets me here is that the charge against him is that he is essentially aiding and abetting a known enemy of the USA.  My complaint about that point is Congress shouldn't be doing this sort of half hearted measure of a "War on Terrorism", but simply go out and declare a state of war against ISIS.
You and I may even agree that supporting that organization is an incredibly stupid thing to do, and I definitely disagree with nearly every political philosophy I've ever heard from that group, not to mention that their actions are things I personally would support anybody else to wipe those cockroaches off of the face of the Earth.
Still, I find it wrong that somebody or some group can be declared a "terrorist organization" by executive order, and then get this kind of stuff happening to a kid that is practicing what I see amounts to political activism in support of a political organization.  If they really are a proper enemy of the USA, it is Congress, not the President, that needs to man up and make that official.
Of course Congress making them an enemy means that the U.S. Marine Corps and others of their kind are going to be wiping those cockroaches off of the face of the Earth, but I'm fine with that too.  Just make it a proper public debate before that happens.  There is a point to having a rule of law, and apparently even the FBI doesn't really get that point.
@_date: 2015-08-19 19:39:11
As soon as there is a split in the blocks, that will really mean there are two different kinds of Bitcoins.  It is really that simple.
People with stuff in the "old Bitcoins" can likely conduct transactions in either of the forks, but it will be double spending in those cases... so far as each separate fork is really now a new currency.
IMHO "the market" will ultimately decide which version is going to be more valuable, as there will definitely be some differences in the exchange rate between those two forks and other currencies.  One of them is going to become valuable, and the other will be worthless... over time.  Uncertainty in the meantime is going to cause people to hesitate over which fork is going to "win" though.
@_date: 2019-06-07 17:29:13
And lots of ways to track you down too.  It helps in terms of prohibition though, doesn't it?
@_date: 2015-08-30 17:56:01
The FBI usually doesn't need a "valid court order" to get most government agencies like a school district to cooperate with them.  Often simply pulling the patriotic duty excuse is enough to get a school district to bend over and do almost anything including opening up files, setting up cameras, and doing just about any other thing you can think of.
I have personally seen schools turn over all kinds of information to law enforcement officers simply because a badge was shown.  No, I did not see any court order accompany that information either.  Sometimes you might have an intelligent bureaucrat that has a spine to make such folks go through the motions of talking to a judge, but I wouldn't say that always happens either.
@_date: 2015-08-30 22:10:12
It is a pity we can't use those data centers for Bitcoin mining.....
.... or are they mining and that is the purpose of the huge data center in Utah?
@_date: 2015-08-30 18:17:58
France and England used to buy steel from Nazi Germany... even after September 1939.  Sometimes people do stupid things that they later regret.
@_date: 2015-08-30 18:23:24
Nearly everybody in the U.S. State Department.  How about that as a starter?  It was John Kerry who was one of those who was even bragging before reporters about his open support of ISIS and demanding that Congress make further appropriations to send substantial amounts of equipment to them.
It is ironic that John Kerry, who actually did far more than this kid from Virginia ever accomplished in terms of supplying personnel, money, and equipment to ISIS, is definitely not going to be facing any sort of criminal indictment.  It just shows how hypocritical the whole thing really is.
@_date: 2016-02-01 04:03:48
And I've seen a whole bunch of folks giving the guy a pass or even praise... with a whole bunch more upvotes on those praise statement too.
I'm coming here as an otherwise disinterested outsider who knows nothing about the software or what it does other than a vague sort of sense it is related to blockchain ideas.  If you want somebody interested in the concept, I'm precisely the kind of person who is interested in blockchain ideas.  All I'm saying is that this marketing idea isn't working.... and from my viewpoint I don't see the condemnation coming from the community but rather from outsiders who hate this shit.
@_date: 2016-02-01 15:32:15
The mods made a sticky which said in essence "we don't know who this guy is, and it isn't us so don't send complaints our way".  That isn't the same thing as saying it is wrong.
@_date: 2016-02-10 16:25:10
The more heavily altered one with far more Bitcoin related imagery is definitely parody, where the music is the only thing remotely qualified as a copyright infringement and even that could be argued as an essential element of the parody.
@_date: 2017-04-17 02:18:58
I don't know about wire fees, but there definitely are transaction fees for Bitcoin as well as exchange fees for converting from dollars to bitcoins and back again.
And the transaction fees are escalating in value as well for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-06 20:04:46
The music would be an essential element in the parody though, which is why I think it would largely pass muster in court.  No assurance as it is up to the whim of the judge involved, but that is true in any copyright infringement case.
Replacing it with similar music (perhaps opened sourced equivalent... there is plenty available) wouldn't hurt.  Trying to dig up who the actual artist is would be even better and getting a real license to use the music... it doesn't hurt to ask.
@_date: 2016-02-01 03:13:00
That is why I'm purposely avoiding any mention of the topic and content.  I look up precisely one thing about it, and subsequently relegated it to just another altcoin project and nothing more.  It might actually have something worth investigating, but due to this kind of spamming I want nothing to do with it.
A shame really, as my initial impression was sort of favorable if it wasn't for the spam.  At this point if the community there doesn't resoundingly come out condemning this behavior (and they aren't) instead of saying "it's not me", I'm far from impressed.  I want to see pitchforks actively trying to find this asshat and to spike him into the ground.
I won't give in.
@_date: 2016-02-06 20:21:29


YouTube is legally obligated to have a counter system in place to put the videos back up, or lose their status as a common carrier and be forced into a legal mess they really don't want to get into.  The legal details of that counter are a part of the DMCA as well, where the failure of YouTube to reinstate the video makes them directly a party to any potential lawsuits and other legal action that is best resolved by YouTube putting the video back up again.
@_date: 2016-02-01 03:16:41
Which is precisely why I **don't** want to learn anything about it.  If this viral marketing is the basis for attracting attention, I want no part of it.  It is also attitudes like this which state sort of "just learn about it anyway" that ticks me off.  No apology, and instead giving the guys a pass.
@_date: 2016-02-01 03:14:30
By saying you give him props, it is just encouraging this kind of anti-social behavior.
@_date: 2016-02-01 05:17:06
The condemnation is more along the lines of "look, I didn't do it".  I've read the posts... at least the ones on the supposed "warning" posts like the one you referenced above.
I simply don't want to reward the asshat spammer, and learning about the altcoin at all would be rewarding the guy.  If the users of that altcoin want my attention, they had better do a different kind of marketing job, and to this point I'm not impressed at all... even with the apology posts.
Downvoting my comments is really impressing me even less simply when I'm stating my opinion here too.  That just means there are a bunch of butt hurt Ethereum users who can't stand constructive criticism as well so far as I don't see their apologies really all that heartfelt either.
@_date: 2016-02-19 14:41:24
That is a failure of the algorithm and the overall design which is encouraging the centralization of the miners, and IMHO a legitimate criticism of Bitcoin.  Of course that is something which is prompting the development of altcoin projects where there are several somebodys trying alternatives that might succeed but most will fail.
I'd just love to see somebody set up an alternative to the Federal Reserve.  Wait... several people have tried... and ended up in jail.  The experience of eGold alone should be sobering enough to see what happens when you try that.  The Fed really doesn't like competition.... and you thought moderators ripping out posts about altcoins was bad.  At least mods here don't send redditors to prison for making an altcoin or even an altcoin post.
@_date: 2016-02-01 03:26:51
My complaint at this point isn't against the spammer, but the community reaction at and elsewhere (just like you) about this spammer instead.  They are encouraging this as something minor to be ignored or even taking my attitude as something hostile.
Downvoting me only shows me in this case I'm flat out on target and that the community of folks is covering for this spammer.  The spammer is counting on the idea of "any news is good news", and comments like yours are encouraging that behavior.
I'd be much more impressed if there was active condemnation of this guy.
@_date: 2017-04-17 02:34:00
The fees are now the equivalent of about $5 and climbing.  You simply got lucky to find a miner to include your transaction if it was a paltry 10 cents.  Of course that is part of the complaint over the transaction block limit and one of the reasons why there is a split in the community over what could be done to minimize that impact... or not.
As for a circular economy where Bitcoins are widely used, that also implies that Bitcoin is set up to handle the billions of transactions per day that such an economy would need to be able to cope with if it was the primary medium of exchange.
Don't get me wrong, I like Bitcoin and it is very useful and definitely groundbreaking.  There are cracks in its implementation though and it definitely isn't ready for the world to use it so widely like you are suggesting.
@_date: 2016-02-01 15:33:20


Which I am in turn interpreting as people who are supporting the spammer and not nearly enough people who feel the way I do that it is a dumb thing to be doing.  I know what side of that argument you stand here too.
@_date: 2016-09-06 18:43:28
To defend the Baby Boomers here, the war on drugs was actually something started by their parents.  A fair criticism of the laws against marijuana can be leveled at the DuPont Chemical Company so far as it was a competing product against Nylon... and DuPont wanted to maximize profits and increase shareholder equity by effective lobbying against the legal use of that material.
Like everything else in politics, follow the money if you want to understand why things are the way they are.
@_date: 2016-09-06 18:33:07
I wouldn't count on the security of HTTPS, but it is at least a step in the right direction.
@_date: 2016-09-06 18:38:04
Noting that Hitler started as a Communist, I guess that shouldn't be too surprising either.  See also the Bavarian Soviet Socialist Republic, of which Mr. Hitler was involved with before that government was... eliminated.
I'm just saying it wasn't so much of a coincidence that there might be similarities and using the term "left" or "right" isn't nearly so accurate as opposed to "stateist" vs. "stateless".
@_date: 2018-02-10 18:05:59
Including pulling out $20 from an ATM.  What is your point?
@_date: 2015-04-02 02:07:07
The problem is that the judiciary should be viewed as independent of the executive and legislative branches of any level of government, including state and local governments too.  The suggestion that a judge can simply be replaced by a legislative body on a whim simply because that judge is making a ruling contrary to the will of the rest of the government, regardless of a proper interpretation of the law, is what should be viewed as wrong.
The point of the appeals process is indeed to overturn bad law rulings on the part of an incompetent judge who isn't following the law, or to correct blatant biases.  If anything, that a threat to replace the judge was being made in this case, it might even bias the judges to uphold the lower court rulings simply to establishing this precedent... and can get some other action to take place where basically rulings of any replacement judge are automatically going to be presumed to be biased.
Regardless, this is a bad precedent to be making.  FDR tried to do the next best thing to this in the U.S. Supreme Court by simply adding more judges... and thankfully the U.S. Congress thought he was wrong to try and didn't give him that authority to appoint more judges.  Andrew Jackson tried the same thing, as did other previous presidents... with very little support from Congress in every case (thank goodness too).
It happens more on a local level, because often voters don't pay that much attention to stuff on a local level very much.  That still doesn't make such actions right as a judge should be at least in theory free from such political pressures beyond gross negligence and law breaking that deserve impeachment.
@_date: 2015-09-21 18:01:42


While you can perform money laundering through Bitcoin exchanges, the Bitcoin software itself is hardly the source of money laundering and in fact is the exact opposite:  Complete and total public transparency with regards to the financial transaction chain.  This is even been argued by privacy advocates as a reason to stay away from Bitcoin transactions.  Given two public Bitcoin address, you can completely track all transactions between those addresses.
This argument is completely false and sounds like somebody who doesn't even understand the software and what it does in the first place.
The ease of creating an "account number" (aka a new address) from scratch might be a more legitimate argument, but banks have even been offering that for their customers in the form of single use bank card numbers for on-line banking transactions for quite some time.
@_date: 2015-09-17 17:10:54
Separate bills go to each government entity.   Sometimes it gets so confusing that you even have to wonder "is this even a government entity?"
I currently live under at least eight different independent government or quasi-government organizations, and I'm sure I could put another dozen or so on top of that without really trying very hard.  Each of them also have their own elections and politicians leading those organizations as well, although in terms of funding there is also a whole lot of money which flows in all directions too.
Some government entities do bill on behalf of other government units, for example the property taxes that I pay to the county government I live under has a separate line item which goes to the school board (separate election, budget, and bureaucracy) but the single check for the tax payments pays for both the county, city, and school board at the same time.  The same thing happens on my municipal electricity bill, which even has federal taxes that get paid on top of state and local service fees.
I happen to live in [Utah]( where the state passed a law which permits tax payers to pay their state level taxes in gold &amp; silver instead of Federal Reserve Notes.  At the moment it is sort of a pain as you need to physically bring the gold into the state capitol building and pay those taxes in person if you want to pay in that method, so the legal option exists but is definitely not convenient.  I would imagine at first that New Hampshire is going to be similarly a pain to deal with even if this legislation passes, although sending Bitcoins to an address is definitely much easier to accomplish.  There likely will be regulations stating that a transfer for payment of taxes will need so many levels deep in the transaction chain to be counted as valid, but that is already something which has been debated in Bitcoin forums.
@_date: 2015-09-17 16:46:41
The idea here is to fight intrusive government politically rather than at the point of a gun.  You are free to choose your own path, but using the point of a gun has some nasty consequences.


I sort of figured that was the case, and frankly I'm trying to demonstrate that I at least acknowledge that as a viewpoint even if I disagree.  I really hope there is a place in this world for people with your viewpoint as well.
@_date: 2015-09-21 21:47:56
This sort of goes to an old Russian proverb which goes "If it isn't permitted or required, it is forbidden." I think it was a legal attitude even in the days of the Tzars, but that didn't go away even under Communism nor even under Putin.
A strong libertarian and minimalist government approach is definitely "if it isn't forbidden, do whatever it is that you want."  It is the view that government has specific, explicit, and limited powers and narrow laws which govern aspects of life because others screwed up in the past... and those laws are there to right some wrongs due to abuse.
In that libertarian view of the world, you are correct that there is no need for state-sponsored legitimacy of any sort of payment system or medium of exchange.  As long as everybody agrees that debts are settled and something has changed hands in one or more directions, it is a legal and even ethical transaction.
Under a more Russian view of law (simply to give the concept a name), something like Bitcoin could only be made legal if and only if a governing agency explicitly gives permission for its use.  BTW, this is precisely the situation Bitcoins actually have in Russia right now, where they are considered to be an illegal currency and have been confiscated where trade in Rubles is forbidden.... because the Duma hasn't permitted their use yet.  Several Russian Bitcoin users have been burned because of this.
I should also point out that I find it increasingly difficult to use cash any more for even the most mundane transactions.  I started out my adult life living on a cash-only basis where I used a bank in a more traditional sense:  to store excess cash for temporary safe keeping.  I would often cash paychecks even without going to a bank and paid for all of my bills in person and with physical cash.
It started to cause problems when the telephone company shut down their walk-up window and customer service area, where they required me to send them a check if I wanted to have continued service.  I suppose I could have fought that (and perhaps I should have) but I didn't and gave in and opened a checking account.
Now it is to the point there is only one utility company that will even take a check, and grocery stores are the only place I can actually spend real physical money at in terms of my day to day needs.  Government offices where I live won't even permit me to give them cash and insist upon either a bank money order or debit/credit card for payments.  It is at that level where payment of cash isn't even possible that I'm complaining about.
@_date: 2015-09-01 14:45:36
Not really.  FreeNet has been doing this for a long, long time.  Then again FreeNet was set up by people extremely paranoid about stuff like this.
@_date: 2015-09-17 14:43:06


This is an excellent question as it really gets to the heart of the matter.  It really is **the question** being answered by legislation of this manner.
Ultimately, the only real value that legal tender has (particularly federal reserve notes) is the ability to legally pay a debt.  More specifically, to pay court fees and more importantly to pay judgements imposed by that court in a contract dispute.  In a way, this also includes the ability to use that currency in payment of taxes.  All other value in legal tender is an illusion and mostly a principle of religious faith in the value of that money being used.  Indeed I think faith in money and its value is even more of an act of faith than thinking the Pope (or any other man of the cloth) can do anything to help you with your eternal salvation.
By getting a state to recognize Bitcoins as payment in taxes, it firmly establishes the legitimacy of the monetary value of Bitcoins.  In effect, it is admitting that Bitcoins are money and officially recognizing that fact.
As a side effect, it means that when you receive payment for services in Bitcoins, while living in New Hampshire, you can send those Bitcoins to the state capital when taxes are due.  Since everybody pays taxes at some point or another, it also permits somebody to in theory live completely on a Bitcoin economy rather than even bothering with Federal Reserve Notes.
And hopefully if enough other states jump on this idea, there might even be legislation in Congress to do the same thing.  Somehow I doubt the Federal Reserve Bank is going to be all that happy to see something of this nature occur though.... but we can only hope!
@_date: 2015-09-21 18:23:50


If it is the only way for you to conduct your day to day living by buying groceries, paying rent, administering debts, and dealing with tax collectors is via some sort of bank account, I'd have to say yes, it is a right.
I'm not so sure about Australia, but other parts of the world have police agencies which can arrest you simply for having too much cash on hand or worse yet hidden in a jar under your mattress (back yard, freezer, whatever).  In that case, the government is expecting and thus at gunpoint demanding that you have a bank account simply to exist.  Does that turn it into a right?
Don't get me wrong, I think it is a really silly situation to be in to have a "cashless society" where economic activity can only be done through a limited number of gatekeepers.  There is a real danger to be had which IMHO Bitcoin also offers a legitimate alternative out of that rathole.  But in that case these bankers can't have it both ways.  
Either acknowledge Bitcoin and other alternative payment systems (including physical currency of any amount at any time) as legal and ethical or insist that a bank account is indeed a civil right that can't be revoked.  It is really stupid logic to say that such accounts can be revoked but then prevent any alternative.
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:48:04


Although I suppose you think NPR is a biased and improper soruce.  And yes, in and of itself it is considered prima fascia evidence of the commission of a crime.  IMHO it is an utterly stupid law and something that should have judges slapping these officers something silly, but in this case you are guilty until proven innocent.
It usually results in something called Civil Forfeiture, where you don't even need to be charged with a crime at all too, although arrests can also happen.  Just don't go anywhere in the USA with large amounts of cash unless you are extremely famous (and even that doesn't always help) or have a team of lawyers physically in the vehicle with you.
@_date: 2015-09-17 15:29:36


Good luck on trying to live your life "off the grid" and out of the FRN economy.  I mean that sincerely as I hope more than a few people with hardcore anarchist viewpoints can actually implement their ideas, but I would like to see how far you've actually implemented those ideas in your day to day life.
I see Bitcoins as a means to move beyond the Federal Reserve System and state central banks in general.  That clearly is what Satoshi was trying to accomplish (and sort of why he still remains anonymous).  It is a nice and pleasant thought to ignore that governments even exist, but unfortunately they bring you back to reality from time to time.
I would argue that what the Free State Project is trying to do is to implement proper liberty and free market principles in a realistic way that addresses what the world is, not how you hope it could eventually be.  It is sort of the debate between incremental changes for a better society or a radical revolution that throws everything out and tries to start anew on a more enlightened path.  This is clearly an incrementalist approach instead.
@_date: 2015-09-17 15:59:09
I was talking in this case about the Free State Project as a loose collection of like minded individuals who have chosen to move together in a small geographic region and have openly sought to change government policies in their local community to conform with libertarian ideas.... like allowing taxes to be paid in Bitcoins.
I have seen how the traditional political powers that be in New Hampshire have already been complaining about "all those damn Libertarians" who are screwing with the political system in the state.  I think the concept and the idea has actually started to make a huge impact on the politics, and obviously those in the Free State Project (meaning the loose group) have been able to convince other like minded individuals to join them in yet another cause of liberty.
This legislation is proof that the idea behind the Free State Project actually works.  You may not like the particular path that the backers of this legislation are advocating, but then again that is your duty as a citizen to speak up and make your opinion known when that is the case.  If you reject citizenship as a concept entirely, then don't even bother.
@_date: 2018-04-23 17:49:19
Agreed.  Other than the hashing algorithm itself, the mathematics involved with mining aren't all that complicated and can be taught using Jr. high school math.  The modulus operator is a bit complicated, but if you explain it is the remainder after doing long division I think most kids about 12-14 years old (more or less) could understand that as well and it is something they have likely already done even if they hated doing it.
@_date: 2018-04-05 09:33:25
The four boxes of freedom:
* Soap
* Ballot
* Jury
* Ammo
Use them in that order too, if you want to be ethical.
@_date: 2016-10-04 14:38:01
The [Code2000]( font is a really good general font that has widespread support for most Unicode characters that likely aren't supported by other fonts and a good backup to have on your computer in general.
No promises that it will work with this particular symbol though (I haven't tried it) but it is a great way to be able to read Thai, Arabic, and Sanscrit characters.
There are links on that Wikipedia page to other fonts that could be useful too.
@_date: 2018-04-23 19:39:29
Where I come from?  That is really ripe.
As far as being a paid shill, I would love to get some of that endless supply of money you think folks like me have been getting.  I did get a 2 BTC tip due to a comment (sort of like Reddit Gold of the era), but that is so long ago that it is sort of irrelevant and was worth less than a penny at the time.  Is that being a paid shill then?
I agree with the idea of the Eternal September... since I remember the original one with fondness of what existed previously.  The toxicity of this sub is far too much, and the ban hammer far too vigorously applied.  I still lurk here from time to time but generally stay away from almost all cryptocurrency discussions due to the toxic environment and pyramid building schemes that happen instead of intelligent discussions of the algorithm and positive things that can be done with a decentralized monetary system.
I wouldn't doubt that even raising the issue about account banning is going to get me banned from here, but for that I really don't care.  I would proudly go down in flames complaining about the shitty job the mods have done on this sub.  There are definitely far better managed tech subreddits than this one.
@_date: 2017-07-08 22:26:23
It got worse than that.  They got paid a different amount for building tracks "in the mountains" compared to over nominally flat terrain.  That just got the surveyors who established where the mountain ranges began to be rather creative.
For example, did you know that the Sierra Nevada mountain range starts some place between Oakland and Sacramento? 
They also had problems even at the end where the two railroads building from the east &amp; west actually went about 50 miles past each other and took a government bureaucrat to force them to actually run the two tracks together in Utah under threat that the entire month's subsidies would be taken away from them if they didn't meet up.
Yeah, the graft and corruption on that project is legendary and I'm sure a whole lot more could be pointed out.  That is in huge contrast to the Great Northern Railroad which was built entirely with private funds and didn't even get any land grants (which both the Central &amp; Union Pacific companies got on top of their mileage grants).
My point in that post though is to show that it is comparatively easy to spend a pile of money on a very focused area of law that most ordinary citizens would go... meh... and be able to convince Congress to pass a law that would hugely benefit your particular company or industry.  Ethanol subsidies, solar power rebates, and a whole bunch of other similar projects and programs exist all because of this kind of activity.
@_date: 2017-07-08 15:34:53


And set up an empire that ordinary American citizens didn't want or need that resulted in nearly continuous warfare for the whole century that continues even to today.
While I'm of the school of thought that the wealth and prosperity of America happened in spite of not only this banking cartel but also in spite of this empire that stretched around the world, this lust for political power that came from this centralized banking has certainly made enemies of the USA over the years and has been an utter disaster for literally millions of people who have been at the unfortunate wrong end of those guns and the turmoil it brought.
@_date: 2017-07-08 16:21:42


Why do you think it doesn't?  The Department of Justice is the branch of the federal government which prosecutes.... but who do you think got them on that project to shut down eGold?
The whole case against eGold revolved around the fact that they weren't the authorized agent in the USA to exchange money and that policies set up by the Federal Reserve weren't being followed by the guys at eGold.  You need to get into the nuance issues of the whole thing, but they ultimately got shut down because the Fed didn't want competition and eGold was starting to be that competition for millions of dollars of value.  It really is as simple as that.
@_date: 2017-07-09 22:18:19


They sometimes use such analysis to try and make some educated guess as to which way they want to move the prime interest rate.  They might also use other criteria, including political considerations, for those decisions as well.  It also can depend on what the board of governors ate for lunch on the day that they make a decision to change the prime rate.
They definitely don't use an algorithm to slavishly decide the prime rate though, hence why I say it is arbitrary.  For the most part the Board of Governors take their jobs seriously and realize that any drastic move on the interest rate is going to have far reaching consequences in not just the USA but also throughout the world as a whole.
It is as arbitrary as a legal decision or for that matter who might get elected as President.


Primarily that involves taxes, where if you need to make payment they might require the legal tender.  Fortunately where I live, you can use alternative forms of payment including bulk gold bullion to pay state taxes, but federal taxes still need to use legal tender.
Payment of debts in the judicial system can also get to the point that if the person making the payments can force you to accept U.S. Dollars.  You can, however, negotiate alternative payments as a part of the settlement in such cases if everybody is being reasonable.
Regardless, the actual value of the dollar is also completely arbitrary and based upon pure and simple faith of the most religious kind.  It is the collective arbitrary value as assigned to it by everybody who engages in trade and payments in dollars, but that is still a potentially volatile value precisely because of that arbitrary nature of how anybody perceives value in a dollar.  Basically a big lie that everybody has sort of agreed is true.
Then again, the value assigned to Bitcoin is just as arbitrary, other than the perceived difficulty in manufacturing new monetary units.  Several people are willing to use Bitcoin to settle debts and to receive payment for goods or services rendered, hence why it has any value at all.
@_date: 2017-07-08 16:00:29


Yes it did.  A dollar used to represent a whole day's wage (about ten hours of hard labor for an average unskilled adult).  That is also why silver Dimes were made, because the Dime was actually worth more made into a coin than the silver it contained.


Not just suppressed.  It was made illegal to even own any quantity at all beyond a few trinket pieces as jewelry and what went into your mouth through dentistry.
I never got the constitutional basis for those laws as I don't think there ever was one, but if they did that in the past it can happen again.
@_date: 2017-07-09 22:02:49
The only special privilege that comes from legal tender is that it can be used to pay taxes and debts that have been adjudicated in the legal system.  In other words, you can be forced to settle debts in U.S. Dollars if you use state or federal courts to collect a debt.  Those receiving payment might accept other forms of exchange, but if you are at the point that a judge and possibly a jury is deciding how much is owed.... you are likely well past negotiating payment in Bitcoins or some other form of payment.
@_date: 2017-07-08 15:51:15
A really good example is eGold, which was an attempt to set up an electronically based currency backed by gold.  The guy who set it up established a whole bunch of protocols for auditing the amount of gold backed by the currency (to prevent "counterfeiting" and other similar issues) and some really common sense fees for its use and methods of exchange.  Basically it had most of the benefits of Bitcoin and incredibly low transfer fees as well... and those who wanted to bail on the system would get actual gold coins or at least gold wire in return.
Then [the hammer came down]( and basically shut the whole service down.  The technicality they were charged with was money laundering, but the truth is that these illegal activities were happening mainly because the developers of the protocol were agnostic about who or what was using the currency.  Pretty much all of these same users switched to Bitcoin afterward as a side note.
The other problem was that eGold was also running on a centralized server, thus it could be shut down.  That is the one thing that Bitcoin has definitely been able to survive... as these agents who shut down eGold can't use the same tactics as Bitcoin would be a wack-a-mole and its decentralized nature goes against that happening.  This same police strategy was something feared by the early adopters and users of Bitcoin however, and formed the basis of who was openly acknowledged as a user of Bitcoin to try and put it in a more... traditional monetary application early on.
@_date: 2017-07-08 16:10:00
One of the most effective investments any business (in terms of ROI) can make is to hire a whole bunch of lobbyists in Washington DC and pressure through bogus "grassroot" campaigns and/or ~~bribery~~ political campaign contributions made to the appropriate individuals who make laws.  Handing those same legislators pre-written laws that favor your industry or better yet your individual business is almost like printing money yourself.  An ROI of 1000% is fairly common and getting above 10000% isn't unheard of.
A good example is how the founders of the Trans-continental Railroad raised a couple million dollars and literally spent every last dime on lobbying efforts during the Abraham Lincoln administration.  They also landed a contract to build the railroad with a guaranteed per mile payment for each bit of track that they built and even some up front capital.... worth easily 10x the money they spent on lobbying.
@_date: 2016-07-04 12:29:19
Which is more or less precisely what I said... and to do so without embellishment.  You don't need to give the time of day to these imposters.
@_date: 2016-07-02 17:45:00
That sounds like a group of people coming out of the closet and saying they were the 2nd gunman in the JFK assassination.  While Oliver Stone might make some movies talking about that sort of garbage, that still doesn't make it history that needs to be taught in high school.
It would be far easier and more accurate to simply say Satoshi dropped out of development and refused to interact with the community afterward.... with one exception when he showed up to say an imposter wasn't him.
@_date: 2017-07-08 22:49:56
I'm sort of curious how you think that holding Guam, Cuba, and the Philippines helped improve American prosperity?  Guam in particular has been a huge cash sink that is mostly valuable because of its location as a place to project American military power.
The wealth and prosperity is located in North America and until about the 1950's the USA was mostly self-sufficient for its own needs and didn't need to even really trade with other countries except to be friendly.  That sort of comes with the fact that the USA is a continental-sized power in its own right.
The Federal Reserve System though has hardly been in my opinion anything more than a positive feedback loop that has exaggerated economic trends rather than a dampening effect on the economy.  You can argue perhaps the role that the Federal Reserve played in the Great Depression and who was to blame for its duration and severity, but I don't think you can really point out much in the way of positive benefits.
Even worse is when the Fed dips its toes into politics and tries to prop up or undermine a particular political philosophy, and I definitely think the current financial system is overripe for a collapse of monumental proportions.  I don't know of that collapse will happen in a few years or in a century, but it will happen and it will be ugly when it does.
@_date: 2019-05-19 04:43:12
While everybody who started the ride dumps their holdings and laughing all of the way to the bank.  Pump and Dump is considered a form of fraud for a reason.
@_date: 2019-05-19 04:40:56
When are you going to start dumping?
As important: why doubt you act in a manner like this to practically demand that the SEC step in to regulate Bitcoin and cryptocurrency in general?
@_date: 2017-07-08 21:21:12


There is no need to even try.  Those dollars backed by silver are called "Silver Certificates", which are quite old.  I'm not sure of the exact date as to when that happened, but if you take a silver certificate down to a bank, you will get them "cashed in" in the face value in "Federal Reserve Notes", that are simply backed by the "full faith and credit of the United States".
It is a waste to do that in any way, shape, or form though.  If you happen across one of those silver certificates, take it down to a coin &amp; money collector (they exist) where those certificates are easily worth several times face value even if they are grimy and in otherwise lousy condition.  For a silver certificate in nearly mint condition, a $1 certificate is easily worth more than $100.
Banks might sell you some silver, but it is at market rate and definitely won't be in "silver dollars".
Oh, and if you have some genuine "silver dollar" coins (they do exist and are technically in circulation) **definitely** don't spend them.  Again, they are worth far more simply in terms of the silver content than the value of the money.  If you take one of those to the bank though, they will gladly exchange it.... for a federal reserve note of merely $1 or credit your bank account for $1.
As a side note, Congress ended the issuance of silver certificates [in 1963 under the Kennedy administration](
Federal Reserve Notes are simply based upon faith.  That is religious faith and nothing more with the hope that perhaps it might have value tomorrow.  The amount of FRNs in circulation is entirely dependent upon whatever the Board of Governors at the Federal Reserve Bank think ought to be in circulation, which they control with very arbitrary decisions made with the prime lending rate that the Federal Reserve makes to its member banks.
@_date: 2013-11-30 21:37:17
What you are talking about is what happens when there is a major ramp-up of mining activity.  Admittedly this is happening right now with substantially increased interest in Bitcoin, but the standard as implemented in the protocol is 10 minutes on average.
God help you if a substantial drop in mining ever occurs... for whatever reason that might occur.  Most people are familiar with a huge ramp up in usage, hence the "typical" short times for confirmation/discovery of the next block.
@_date: 2013-11-30 15:32:11
This is not typical.  The average amount of time to expect a Bitcoin transaction to actually get put into a block chain is approximately 10-15 minutes, with a half hour being generally possible and potentially even longer.
That is nothing compared to international money transfers that can take as long as a day or so, and of course Bitcoin has other advantages, but this is not something to expect under normal circumstances.
@_date: 2013-11-25 12:39:42
I find myself laughing off my ass reading a post like this, realizing this particular article was previously deleted (and moved into some random user's sandbox) due to being non-notable.
@_date: 2013-11-05 04:01:54
The funny thing is that I talked about this kind of attack over two years ago.  I called it a Cartel type of attack.  Satoshi was even in active development at the time.
I think it is funny that others are finally starting to acknowledge that it really is a big deal.
The one prevention of this kind of attack is to have some sort of time codes being used watch when blocks are being produced, and to reject "old" blocks or at least flag them for the possibility that this kind of attack is happening.  There are possible fixes to this kind of thing.
@_date: 2013-11-30 21:38:25
I wouldn't trust unconfirmed transactions for various reasons.  And yes, I've used and even independently mined blocks myself.