@_author: rskennan
@_date: 2017-12-10 10:37:32
It is really funny to read doom and gloom “Bitcoin plummets!” headlines when you know what was going on a few weeks ago. The media, and everyone who wants to get rich without thinking or doing anything have no perspective. 
I only just got into cryptos this summer. I actually missed the boat on mining Bitcoin early on when I had to spend some time in the hospital, but I’m happy. With various cryptocurrencies I’ve seen big returns since I’ve been in. I started with $80, lost $20, found a good coin to HODL, saw my $60 fall to $40, then over the next few months turn into $1,200. Depending on where I count from that’s x15-x20. That’s amazing ROI. 
And no, I don’t think it’s a bubble-I think it’s the Big Bang, or maybe the Cambrian Explosion when it comes to the proliferation of alt coins. It’s chaotic, but it will turn out well, IMO.
@_date: 2017-12-14 04:28:53
I had an idea for how a pair (or more) of addresses could be used to transfer data that would be hidden by the network. One address is 0, another is 1. A set if them could also serve as pools of 0 or pools of 1. A hit to one would send a 0 or 1, respectively. It could also be done with a single account; send for 1, receive for 0. This would be more easily found out, though. 
I’m sure this isn’t a new idea. But imagine, sending marching orders and funding at the same time.
@_date: 2017-12-14 13:38:20
Sure, but if a private key is compromised later, the encrypted message is revealed, and a case can be made against the people involved. With what I was talking about, you’d have to know every address and what it corresponds to, as well as any cipher they used. It could be one layer of encryption for very secret communication or files that cannot be compromised. You can never have enough encryption for certain data. 
Additionally, my method could encode arbitrary data, including software, video, or images. It would be slow, but it would work. You could technically do that with encrypted messages, but it might be obvious once the private keys were compromised. 
I’m not saying this is something that happens or is even useful, but I do think it’s viable. I figured that since cryptocurrency was created by crypto nerds, there might be more than meets the eye going on.
The OP’s find just reminded me if that thought I had had. I’m not really claiming that’s what’s going on here. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 09:42:26
I'm in the same boat, MtG wise. Mine were stolen.There's no use in worrying about the past. I just sold $550 worth of Bitcoin to buy food for my family. It represented a large part of my investment, but I still made out. I only invested $80, and by the time I spent it had $1,200 in various cryptos. As far as I'm concerned I won, even if the market cap for Bitcoin goes to a trillion dollars some day. 