@_author: rslax
@_date: 2017-08-18 19:14:34
That may be true, but it still doesn't change the fact that a transaction backlog of 30,000 on the network is not huge. Like I said, I don't really care which one wins out since I have both, but I do think people should be provided accurate information to make their own decision. Ideally I'd honestly like both to succeed. No reason why it has to be one or the other.
@_date: 2017-08-18 17:38:48
I don't know where to stand on this issue, but that transaction log is not really that huge at just over 30,000 unconfirmed. Back in May/June didn't it top 200,000? Yet BTC continued to not only function, but went on to thrive.
I have almost equal amounts on both chains, so I really don't have a horse in this race, or I suppose I have both horses, but inaccurate and hyperbolic statements don't contribute to the conversation or provide any benefit to users of this sub.
@_date: 2017-09-29 19:48:37
I've been having trouble finding concise data on the historical world money supply, but would a 50 fold increase in the global money supply really be that unprecedented? The growth that occurred during the 20th century, especially since we went off the gold standard, seems like a 50 fold increase over decades isn't that wild of a prediction.
That being said, I don't think I'll ever see 100M bitcoin, nor do I think the smart moneh is on it reaching that high. I just don't know if saying the money supply needs to grow dramatically for that to happen is an argument against whether it is possible, consider we've seen the money supply grow dramatically over the past few decades.
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:34:11
I would guess shapeshift, but Erik is kind of persona non grata around these parts lately due to his support of the 2x fork. I'm personally kind of torn on it. Love shapeshift, but disagree with Erik's reasoning behind supporting 2x. If you don't care about all that drama though, shapeshift has always been quick and easy when I've used it. I've only ever used it for BTC, ETH, and BCH conversions though too, which I imagine are among the more popular conversions, so ymmv depending on how popular the coins you're trading are.
@_date: 2017-10-05 16:06:24
Yes, miners do those things, and they are compensated through the reward and transaction fees. That is how bitcoin works. If they don't like that, they are free to go else where. Miners aren't some benevolent actors who are selfleesly mining out of the goodness of their hearts. Just one look at the BCH chain shows us miners will put their own profits over the health of the ecosystem. Now they're threatening to fork if they don't get their way, once again showing they put their interests ahead of users, developers, and the entire notion of community consensus. I say good riddance to any miner who thinks they are entitled to more than the compensation laid out for them in the white paper.
@_date: 2017-10-09 19:24:33
I would view it as getting out in time personally. I decided to trade in most of my BCH for ETH when the ratio was like 1.7 ETH to 1 BCH, and while it has flucuated a bit, right now I'm feeling pretty good as the price of the two approach parity. Kind of wish I had traded for BTC, but I had almost no exposure to alts, and don't regret getting a little ETH so as to not keep all my eggs in one basket.
It's essentially free money, so why not use it to play with alts without having to risk any of the money you've put into BTC.
@_date: 2017-10-06 15:56:57
Minor correction to other poster, but coinbase is more of a broker, but they do have an associated exchange they run called GDAX. If you have a coinbase account you also have a GDAX account, but if you buy your coins from coinbase instead of GDAX, you're actually buying from coinbase, as opposed to an exchange which just facilitates the sale between two parties.
@_date: 2017-09-12 14:39:20
It is no longer legal in Thailand AFAIK. They declared it illegal in 2013, but then walked that back in 2016 saying it was not illegal, but advising against using it. At least thats what wikipedia says.
@_date: 2017-10-06 17:16:19
I think Slush is the only pool consistently not signaling NYA. BTCC also occasional removes the NYA signal. I'm not 100% sure how the internal pool politics works to determine when and how often they signal, but I think I read some where that some of the pools do it based on their users (e.g. if 30% support NYA, the pool as a whole signals NYA 30% of the time, for example). Like I said though, not 100% sure thats how it works, and I could definitely be remembering incorrectly.
@_date: 2017-10-06 15:54:13
Keepkey delivers pretty quick, think mine only took a week or so. Definitely worth researching first though as their wallet is currently has some pros and cons when compared to ledger and trezor.
You're right though, I'd suggest using a paper wallet  during the fork to anyone who doesn't want to invest in a hardware wallet, but doesn't want to keep their coins on an exchange. Electrum would work too, but I think it is mildly more confusing to newbie than paper wallets, just because paper wallets are about as straight forward as it gets.
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:34:39
They might not miss one customer, but a company that makes a habit of not taking customer complaints seriously is bound to lose more in the long run. I'm by no means a big fish, but I've given them quite a bit of business, both my own and through referring friends. In an industry where they provide a service with numerous alternatives, it is unwise to believe their large user base insulates them from potential backlash from customers. It doesn't make much of a difference to me if I get my btc from coinbase, gemini, bitfinex, kraken, etc. I lose nothing by not using coinbase, but coinbase does, no matter how small my business may be. They should remember that.
I defended coinbase when people were screaming about fees or tx delays leading up to the BCH fork, but still supporting 2x is inexcusable to imo. They may not miss me individually, but they will miss us, as in the numerous individuals who will take their business else where. Plus, I wonder how many of those new registrations actually make a purchase, and how large those purchases are. I gotta imagine the vast majority do not end up be significant or long term customers.
@_date: 2017-09-15 18:13:35
Gold's real world value as an industrial metal contributes almost nothing to its market value. The aspects that make gold valuable are very similar to what makes bitcoin valuable. It is an asset largely decoupled from other currencies or assets, so it provides diversification. It is limited in quantity and does not degrade or decay.
I'm not a gold hater, and until earlier this year I actually owned more in PM value than I did in crypto, but gold and bitcoin for all practical purposes derive their current market value from almost the exact same qualities. Almost no one is buying gold for its conductive properties or melting point, they buy it because it is a good store of value. You can definitely argue that gold beats bitcoin in that objective due to bitcoins high volitility, but I think most people who compare bitcoin to gold are doing so for its future potential to serve the same purpose, and will (or should) readily admit that it currently doesn't hold true due to bitcoin still being in an adoption and price discovery phase.
@_date: 2017-09-27 23:22:12
Yes, there is certainly evidence that it could potentially hit 100k. That would only be like a 40% increase in the growth rate over the past 2 years. It is hard to talk about the growth because it obviously started out as essentially worthless, but a 25 fold increase would not be abnormal considering past performance (which I'm aware doesn't predict future performance).
Bitcoin still isn't ready for widespread adoption though. It really needs to improve the user experience, and the network itself still has some challenges to face (2x fork, scaling, fees, etc). So predicting how likely a rise of that magnitude would be is impossible, and anyone telling you otherwise is likely full of shit.
In my opinion, to get why a lot of people are so excited about bitcoin you really need to be at least some what educated in economics, philosophy, and computer science. Most of the detractors I've heard are usually not knowledgeable in one of those fields (usually computer science), and their criticisms stem from their misunderstanding of that aspect of bitcoin.
So I think it is possible, but no one can tell you how likely, and don't trust the opinion of others, because a lot of them don't fully understand it. Really the only way to answer the question is to educate yourself on how it works and decide for yourself what the potential is.
@_date: 2017-10-05 16:45:00
The difference is I'm not making demands or threatening a contentious fork. I'm not asking for special treatment beyond what was promised in the white paper. I'm not trying to use my economic involvement in the ecosystem to coerce development the developers and much of the community opposes. The miners are.
@_date: 2017-09-12 14:27:42
Just a suggestion, but don't try to force content. This seems like an interesting story, but there is so little information in the article that it doesn't really say much at all. The article spends more time explaining what Bitcoin is than talking about the actual crime he is accused of. If the information just isn't available yet, wait until it is. Don't pull a CNN and just try to get the story out first. 
Would definitely be interested in how he supposedly scammed people. The more information we get out about how criminals are accomplishing scams, the more informed and better protected we can be as a community.
@_date: 2017-10-09 19:31:31
I'm risk adverse, so probably sitting this one out until the fork drama settles, but I did the same for the BCH fork and was wrong about that. By sitting out I mean hodling and not acquiring more, not converting into fiat btw. So I'm not out of crypto, but personally holding off further purchases until the dust settles.
Just make sure you have a plan for the fork if you do get involved. last fork I just transferred my BTC to paper wallets for a few days since I didn't want to wait for hardware wallets and exchanges to make my coins available, and everything work fine.
@_date: 2017-10-06 17:19:30
Doesn't a higher hash rate also mean more competition in the long run? If 75% of miners are competing on one chain, their chances of finding a block are reduced when compared to only competing with the 25% on the other chain. Assuming the difficulty rate is the same, more blocks will be found on the higher hash chain at first, but that would be adjusted eventually.