@_author: rssmbitnoob
@_date: 2017-02-24 22:52:54
which will feel worse to you?
1. bitcoin price explodes and you didnt buy any
2. you have no money put away for your kids education cause you put it into bitcoin and lost
3. you could have knocked years off your mortgage but you put it into bitcoin and lost
4. you cannot afford college because you put it into bitcoin and lost
5. add your own situation here
if it is anything but 1 then dont get bitcoin
something ive seen in myself... everytime i buy a lottery ticket a part of me genuinly believes i  going to win even though intellectually i know im not... im lucky if i got a free ticket out of it... use your head and dont get sucked in by that feeling that you can win.. use the intellectual part of your brain
@_date: 2017-02-24 23:19:42
the transfer to you wasnt confirmed before your started spending it.
@_date: 2017-02-22 00:18:31
Well.  My sister looks at me like I am crazy when I talk about bitcoin but I in turn look at her like she is nuts when she tells me about auras and curing cancer with essential oils or whatever.  Maybe I am not seeing the big picture that she is seeing.  I said bitcoin was BS the first time I heard about it.  I used to say man made climate change was BS.  I've changed my mind on many things.
So what changed my mind?  I am just getting tired of being wrong and being my own worst enemy I suppose.  Also YOLO.
I think of bit coin as digital gold, that works for me.  Also don't talk about bitcoins, talk instead about the bitcoin network.  Bitcoin is a worldwide network that can be accessed by most anyone in the world at any time as a means of transferring control of wealth from one person to another.  None can take your bitcoin (baseball bat beatings aside) they can only be given.
If Bitcoin were a company it would be worth a lot of money.  PayPal is worth 50 billion I believe.  By owning bitcoin one is owning some of the bandwidth required to transfer wealth on the bitcoin network.  The network has great ability to transfer ever increasing amounts of wealth as bitcoins are divisible down to the eighth decimal place.  Really all a bitcoin is is 100 million satoshi.  Satoshi is the real unit of the bitcoin network.
Im just an average joe.
@_date: 2017-02-04 16:20:51
My last 2 transactions went through within half an hour as far as I could see.  Wasn't sitting there timing it or anything though.
374 bytes,
0.0003955 btc fee,
105 satoshi/byte fee,
approx 40cents usd fee,
224 bytes,
0.00026183 btc fee,
116 satoshi/byte fee,
approx 26cents usd fee,
so like they wrote... your fee is about $65 usd... i shouldnt do it in dollars cause say the value of a bitcoin doubled to 2000usd then the fee would have been about $130 usd.
Mmm maybe if the value of bitcoin rises greatly they will be able to charge less per byte.  But for now the miners just had their income cut in half to 12.5 bitcoins per block reward.... miners need the bitcoin price to double in order for them to charge low transaction fees.  I have no freekin idea.  Goodluck
@_date: 2017-02-28 17:12:27
your bitcoins cannot be lost (unless the private key to that address is lost).... all bitcoins do is move from one address to another... thats all they do... worst case is your transaction fee was so low that in 3 days your bitcoins will be shown as back in your wallet (although if that happens then they never really left)
ya these transactions not going through quick sucks... im also a new user... im just holding some bitcoin that i can hopefully flip so to me paying top transaction fee wasnt a big deal.... im hoping that bitcoin goes to $3000 (much higher i hope) so im not about to wring my hands over a couple dollars in transaction fees.... hopefully it gets sorted by those who will decide within the next year
as a simple user i dont really give a flying f how it gets sorted... just as long as it does
but it is working decent now so whatever
@_date: 2017-02-01 05:52:36
You may mean "mine" instead of "grind".  Or you just trolling me.  If not then you want to google bitcoin and do a bunch of reading.  To mine bitcoins as I understand it you will be trying to guess the key to the next block in the blockchain.  Computers do the guessing and the days of anyone using their home pc to do it are long over because you will be competing againts companies that do only this.  They have warehouses of specifically designed computers that do nothing but make these guesses.  I dont know it may be possible in theory for my pc to mine but i would get off very few guesses before the dedicated companies found it.  It would be like winning the state lottery.  Very unlikely.
There are other coins besides bitcoin that you can mine yourself still i think.  There is one used by the dark markets idk.
Just get a wallet and buy some is easiest.
Just for fun look up "bitcoin faucet".  These are supposed to give you a really tiny amount of bitcoin for doing some small task like watching a video.  Then maybe once a week they send your bitcoins ( actually not anywhere close to a bitcoin... more like a few satoshi... satoshi equals one one hundredth millionenth of a bitcoin.... you could do these tasks for an hour and bitcoins would have to go to 1,000,000 dollars each for them satoshi to be worth 20 bucks).  Waste of time but might be interesting to you.   Rereading your post this actually might be what you meant.  Sorry I dont know of anything like that that would pay decent bitcoin directly.   May I suggest selling your ingame items for bitcoin to another player if you play any mmo games.  People do grind in mmo.
@_date: 2017-02-28 04:00:14
get laid, get drunk, fall in love, laugh with friends.... in whatever order you choose
dont stress yourself over what you cannot change.... and always bet on humans to be stupid you cannot lose
make money on bitcoins then invest that into flood control and other things that will increase in value
truely im just a dumbass dont listen... except for the dont stress part
Ok Ive an idea as to how Bitcoin could be used to stop human extinction (or help humanity).  Im not sure how the Nobel prize works or what it even is exactly but something similar could be done with the mining of Bitcoins.  Special blocks could be periodically mined and the proof of work for those blocks would be some advancement, discovery, or just a great work of some sort that bettered mankind.  A reward of Bitcoins would be awarded to the person(s) who carried out the achievement.
We will call it the Bitcoin Prize.
@_date: 2017-02-23 04:13:52
0.02 bitcoin sent to myself at 8:40pm rockymountain time
confirmed in block 454261 at 8:55pm rmt 15 minutes later
153sat/byte Mycelium wallet normal priority (about $0.39 usd transaction fee was what Mycelium indicated before send)
Yes I was disappointed to realize that I wasnt going to be buying coffee with bitcoin.
My friend was complaining to me today that he had used his bank to send $10,000 usd from North America to Great Britain and that his funds had been hung up for seven days.  Bank finally got it sorted.  Told him he should have used Bitcoin instead.
@_date: 2017-02-23 00:11:40
To start with you could just buy a small amount like $20 worth from an atm near you.  If you have an android go to google play and install Mycelium wallet.  Now go to bitcoin atm and put your $20 into it ect whatever the steps are in the case of that atm model.  Depending on the atm you may have the option of the atm sending the bitcoin to your phone wallet or it can print off a paper wallet for you.  Later you would use your phone wallet to empty the paper wallet into your phone wallet.
Then go home and learn how to make your own paper wallet offline.  Send the bitcoin to that paper wallet that you made.  Now use your phone again to empty that paper wallet.  Keep in mind that each time u transfer bitcoins it is costing you around 50 cents so you will burn through your $20 playing around like this.
It is possible to not have enough bitcoin in your account to even pay an attractive transaction fee.
by now you will have gained some confidence
bitcoins are sent by the person who has the key to that bitcoin account, they are not taken they are always sent
bitcoins are not stored on your phone or in a paper wallet, they are recorded on the blockchain
your phone just says to the blockchain to transfer bitcoins from this account to this account... if your phone knows the key it can do it if not it cannot
a paper wallet cannot do shit.... all a paper wallet is is a piece of paper with the key and the account number written onto it
disclaimer:  never follow my advice i dont know anything
@_date: 2017-03-01 05:28:12
I have an ounce of gold sitting in my nightstand.  It is useless.  If society totally collapsed then I think that the ounce of gold would be more useful then bitcoin (if u expect collapse then get bullets not gold imo) but until then...I will go with bitcoin.  What is the saying ? an ounce of gold buys a good suit.  I expect that ounce of gold to sit there for years and essentually not change in value.
now i should watch the video instead of spouting off... probably I missed the entire point
@_date: 2017-03-04 04:46:42
Everybody is making money off of bitcoin.  Bitcoin is giving Peter material to talk about its a win win for everybody!  Awesome
@_date: 2017-03-04 02:14:15
Guess what else is used to buy drugs..... money !!!  And how was that money obtained... by working or stealing which is also work I guess.  And where did that money come from.... printed by the government?  And why is there so much money in drugs... because they are illegal.... people gonna do drugs make em cheap and legal so my stuff stops getting stolen.  Thanks.  How did I get here
@_date: 2017-03-09 21:36:13
I have not been successful in finance so I would not pay me any heed.  Im just tech college educated.  But my simple math approached from a couple of directions seems to indicate that bitcoins are worth about $40,000 US each if they keep up adoption in India, Africa and ect.
Ive experienced some small success trading a couple bitcoin on poloniex.  After a month I have gained 0.25 btc.  Mostly gained on Dash and lost on the Maid I bought for some reason.... Maid didnt really lose but bitcoin gained resulting in a loss that would have been a gain had I not let it sit in Maid doing nothing while btc rose....terrible writing...
a thousand bucks?  hell young guys blow that partying on the weekend dont feel bad about buying a bitcoin with it
here is an unrelated true story from my life.... when i was 20 i had enough cash in the bank to go 50%, had i bought it at that time, down on the same house that i would purchace 10 years later zero down for 4 times the price that it was at when i was 20.
dont be like me and piss it away.... maybe u could do better than bitcoin but even if bitcoin goes down to a hundred bucks you still have guys like me beat
the guy a couple responses above said trading is for mugs or insiders....i prob just got lucky to come out ahead... if i really gelieve bitcoin goes to 40g or in the hundreds of g's like someone else said then i really have no business gambling it like that.... it wasnt even worth my time it was just interesting
@_date: 2017-03-08 16:17:59
too late.... you are strapped in enjoy the ride