@_author: rstmsn
@_date: 2019-03-17 15:27:02
Right now it's more focused towards managing the node and using it as a functional wallet. 
It does have support for a few basic shortcodes that can be embedded in WP pages and posts. For example, one of these shortcodes allows you to create a simple 'Donation' style dialog, where website visitors can generate and pay LN invoices on the spot. You can pass predefined invoice parameters, or leave it to the user to decide. Here's an example:  
`[lnd lightning_invoice ajax=true amount=2000 memo="Web Donation"]`  
I hadn't considered Woo integration so far, but since you mention it, I'll certainly give it some more thought. If I thought it would be a welcome feature, I would consider adding this in a coming update.
@_date: 2019-03-17 10:01:41
I did indeed. RTL looks like a good, feature rich technical solution, but wasn't what I was looking for in terms of UX &amp; speed of deployment. 
@_date: 2019-03-17 09:55:34
It certainly should be if security is a concern. The plugin has built in SSL detection and will flag a warning to the user if the current connection to WP isn't running over https. In addition, the connection from WP to LND is made over https. The user has the option to force SSL using the pre generated LND certificates.
@_date: 2019-03-17 10:56:52
Excellent suggestion. Thankyou 
@_date: 2019-03-17 16:03:08
Gotcha. I've opened a ticket on GitHub regarding Woo integration and will see what I can do re supporting this in an upcoming release.
Thanks for the feedback.
@_date: 2019-03-17 13:19:05
The WordPress attack surface is certainly a consideration. However, assuming users are willing to expose the REST interface of their LND node, I see no glaring reason to be extra suspicious of WordPress, vs other web enabled platforms/environments. Out of the box WordPress can be considered robust and secure, but just like most other web services, there's plenty a user can do to weaken and compromise that security.
An advantage that can be used to mitigate some security concerns in this case, is that the plugin will accept and make use of all three types of macaroon file that LND generates by default. Each macaroon file permits a varying degree of permission when making API requests to the node. This means users are not required to expose any more functionality than is necessary to achieve their goals. Here's a short exerpt from the LND docs:


This is a good start in terms of improving the security of API driven tools and services. It's also encouraging to note that the Lightning Labs team intend to extend the functionality of macaroons in future releases. This is a bit long, but here's another extract from the docs which you may find interesting:


































&amp;