@_author: rsvchamp55
@_date: 2018-02-07 14:44:06
Dude stop spreading fud around. Vitalik cant just go and change how eth works and everyone is on board with it. The community has to approve it as the nodes start updating their nodes to run the new eth protocol. Please research before spreading baseless fud. 
Vitalik can make changes on a whim. But it doesnt matter if no one in the community supports it.
@_date: 2018-02-07 08:11:22
Eth is centralized in development but the community is able to contribute and the EIPs are approved by decentralized nodes all over the world to adopt one version of ethereum. Once sharding, plasma and staking is completed(roughly 2020) ethereum will be completely decentralized. 
Lightning network is just fast transactions that allow bitcoin to scale by allowing transactions on a second layer. Sharding creates mini blockchain universes on top of ethereum network to operate independently. Plasma on the other hand allows throughput of more than million transactions per second which is a conservative figure. Visa in comparison can only handle 1667 transactions per second.
Like i said no need to put one tech down to promote the other. Lose the tribal mentality and support blockchain development which has the potential to revolutionize the global economy by connecting everyone without borders.
@_date: 2018-02-07 14:53:20
I said that bitcoin had lightning network to make transactions faster. And i agree that sharding and plasma are vaporware currently but its the development of those products that make me excited as a blockchain fan. The reason why i listed the other scaling solutions is because the nature of eth is different and needs diffrent scaling tools for smart contracts. I never dissed bitcoin but im getting responses attacking Eth? Prime example of tribal mentality.
Both Eth and bitcoin have faults right now and we shouldnt bash one to make the other blockchain look better. Encouragement for development of technology for all blockchains is needed in the community.
@_date: 2018-02-07 07:35:19
Bitcoin has issues even increasing the blocksize let alone the ability to handle transactions that ethereum will be able to handle once sharding and plasma is completed. I dont think the two blockchains need to compete against one another. Bitcoin wont have dApps built on it like ethereum will but it will be treated like digital gold. Something scarce, the original blockchain that started it all. 
