@_author: rswordsman
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:00:02
Alright, not a bad point. But I'm not sure if any of us are certain enough what's going to happen to say "You don't have the mettle to be in the game."
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:32:07
Doesn't matter what we think when a particular ISP has a monopoly.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:26:12
So... restricting the internet, which is necessary for cryptos, is good? I'm not sure I follow your reasoning.
@_date: 2017-12-10 16:46:55
A strange philosophy. It's not a contest to prove who has the biggest cojones. If they buy back in, the price goes up. Isn't that what we want?
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:37:49
I see the exchange as such: The ISPs are allowed broad powers, becoming essentially regional monopolies. You can't just choose another one like the restaurant down the street. That power must be otherwise checked.
To relate it to an electricity company, they would get to choose what appliances you are allowed to power, and whether to throttle or cut off others. Would striking this ability down be "pointing a gun" at them? Or making sure they don't use their influence to oppress people? Corporations are not citizens. They do not deserve more rights. Making them more free doesn't make *us* or even their workers free. Only their board of directors would fully benefit.
--One thing I thought of regarding the example of electricity: We could always use solar cells if we object to the power company's rules. Yay capitalism. But it just so happens that in Florida, you're not allowed to disconnect from the main grid, by law. This is an example of blatant abuse of power when they have us by the balls. Granted most people would not want to go through the hassle of setting up their own self-contained power system, so the effect is maybe not noticeable. But there's no such thing as a personal internet as useful as the big one.
The only reason I could be called a statist is because I do believe in government's beneficence IF they are not bought and actually work for the common good. As it is now, our choices are between empowering corporations, or empowering the government that works for those corporations. We the peasants will lose unless we break that status quo.