@_author: rtechie1
@_date: 2014-09-12 03:38:33
I still struggle to see what NFC payments actually get you. 
It's no faster, since the processing is the same. I guess there's no signature? That's a bit faster. 
In theory, you don't have to carry around an extremely lightweight piece of plastic anymore.
In practice, you still have to carry that piece of plastic around because most merchants don't support NFC (and won't anytime soon). 
That's it. Seems like a lot of complexity for very little gain. 
@_date: 2014-09-17 15:14:29
That's my understanding as well. What I'm saying is that ApplePay faces the same problems that Google Wallet and other NFC payment systems face.
@_date: 2014-09-15 17:43:18


No, in the context of payment systems, in the USA, the only question the really matters is: "Do the retailers get enough out of this payment system to justify the massive cost up upgrading Point of Sale (POS) terminals?"
And the Apple payment system fails that test for almost all retailers, with the exception of Apple Stores, because the majority of their customers WON'T HAVE IPHONES. And even among those that do, many won't be using Apple Payments. 
Also understand that RETAILERS DO NOT MAKE ONE RED CENT off of payment systems. Not a penny. Payment systems COST them money, in all cases. 
So the only factor in whether or not a retailer is going to use a payment system is: "Does this system cost ME less money?" usually in the form of lower transaction fees. 
So the only reason any retailer, other than Apple Stores, would adopt Apple's payment system is if it charged DRAMATICALLY lower prices than other banks and processors. And it would have to be a huge savings because of the cost of upgrading the POS terminals. 
Now Google Wallet *IS* super-cheap (I don't know about Apple, it is also probably cheap) but it doesn't actually save retailers much money because most of their customers are using normal credit cards so they have to keep all the legacy systems in place.
So they have the cost of the terminals at every checkout station, but only a small percentage of customers are using them and saving the retailer money.
Long term, Bitcoin-based systems have an advantage when used with NFC because they can theoretically get the transaction fees down to ZERO or near zero. This is obviously ideal for the retailer.
What is needed is for some big tech vendor (like Intel) to try to embrace Bitcoin and undercut Apple/Google/Amazon/etc. with a Bitcoin-based system where they only make money off hardware, not transaction fees. 
@_date: 2014-09-12 04:16:54
This doesn't calculate ad revenue from Google Play apps, which is where pretty much all the revenue is. Factor that in and it's probably a wash in revenue (which means that Apple *IS* selling more apps per user because of their much lower market share).
Even so, it is likely that Google makes more money from the iPhone than Apple does due to Google's ad revenue on that platform. I bet it's higher that all App sales, iTunes, etc. combined. 
@_date: 2015-03-05 20:44:06
The EU legally barred Microsoft from having a package manager/store. 