@_author: rtergdfg
@_date: 2013-07-06 22:14:40
but every bill they will ever pay requires USD
you seem to forget the necessity of having a currency that is actually 'accepted everywhere' when running a business. 
@_date: 2013-07-06 19:31:33
I like how one of the biggest touted benefits of BTC as an online currency is that they 'solved the problem of double spending', but it turns out that its still a very real issue. 
shits a joke.
@_date: 2013-07-06 19:44:39
the market isn't crashing because of manipulation, the market shot to the moon because of manipulation, and crashed because the manipulators left the market. This 'crash', is only a correction. A return to normal. This is about the only time when the market is not being manipulated and is buying and selling honestly. If you're ignoring that, and blame others for the however many % we've lost in the past 7 weeks, you're missing the most important lesson of your trading career so far. 
I don't get how people don't understand this. this is literally how every single chop stock has been pumped and dumped in the history of securities. if you haven't seen this play out dozens of times idk what you're doing here. 
@_date: 2013-07-06 23:02:56
yeah pretty much, thats why I called it a chop stock, because securities with low volume (and a great story) are always the easiest to manipulate. Bitcoin is THE chop stock. You're also spot on on your conclusion that in a few years the price action of BTC won't matter, but while you're completely relying on another media driven mania of buying to support your views, I'm assuming no one will care about bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-07-06 23:29:13
not much, and most 'stores' (I quote this word because I haven't seen a single person accepting bitcoins for nationally available products they have shelved, but rather they take your bitcoins, exchange them to USD, make a purchase from another retailer, pocket any difference, and have them ship you your product) set their BTC price against the MtGox USD exchange rate, so its pretty much impossible to get a 'good deal' with the retailers and exchanges taking several cuts along the purchase. 