@_author: rtet3t
@_date: 2014-06-22 07:58:13
@_date: 2014-06-24 11:56:59
something a scammer would say
@_date: 2014-06-21 10:06:15
@_date: 2014-06-23 11:35:18
It falls to whatever country you live in and/or trying to operate your business from.
Offering securities for digital currency is still offering security and falls under the same remit for whatsoever country you live in/or the business operates from.
Just because regulators &amp; law makers are playing the 'long catch up' game does not mean that everything is legal just because they havn't been caught yet.
Caution &amp; due diligence advised.
@_date: 2014-06-24 09:25:32
probably because he sold all his coins back then
@_date: 2014-06-23 14:58:25
Statists be like - 
A pretty explanation by J.
I wouldn't label myself as statist, nor as libertarian (though closer to libertarian than anything). 
I'm not sure what I'd class myself as, at the moment I am "None of the above." And I would likely stay that way until something better comes along.
The reason I say I'm not fully libertarian is because I've worked in prisons and with rehabilitation (serious offences (murder, etc) to non-serious (smoking cannabis)).
And I do believe that there is some need for some regulation &amp; protection (there are seriously some nutters out there), unfortunately the sociopaths are in charge...


Agreed, but I'd put forward that there are (small) elements that are actively trying to fight against the global control, and mostly there are elements that are just sleeping. 
And then (as you say) there are elements that know full well what they are doing and that you only need to control a few key players and make the lies big enough (through these key players) so that they will be believed.


These are 2 factors that would make 'Bitcoin' not 'Bitcoin'.
1) Centralization - If there was an update/patch to the protocol that gave control of issuance and transactions (or similar) to a 3rd party (centralization), then people would diverge (to an altcoin) or Btc v.2.0 would take over.
Centralization would attract people, but would not gain any ground near Bitcoin.
As an example we can look at Ripple.
2) Inflation - it is currently happening, but an ultimately inflatable bitcoin (either by system design or centralization) would again very likely mean divergence as above.
Divergence would not be done by just the users, but the developers and infrastructure builders also.
As a note, it is possible to create 'more' bitcoins by extending the decimal places, this does not inflate the unit (or currency, depending on your way of looking at it). This creates more units, but the units that are in play would retain their current value. Though it might cause a 'panic attack' by the masses, as it 'looks' like inflation.
@_date: 2014-06-23 12:08:30


Heh .. this made me laugh ;D
(I'm extremely far from a statist)


You missed what I meant.
The laws already exist in most countries for scenarios like this, whether they will be retroactively applied to businesses/individuals who break this law is the question.
*points at Erik V*
Coming from a legal perspective and from having a fairly decent idea of how the law works in areas of retro-activeness I'd be cautious, but thats just me.
I told a friend (who went to work for Neo &amp; Bee) about my concerns last summer, but was never too public about it, so I'm making sure I say it now.
**Due diligence and caution.**
If that makes me a "Statist" then I think we have massively differing views on what a statist is.
Just because you might not know the particular statutes does not mean they do not exist.
@_date: 2014-06-27 09:17:39
he's a white hat