@_author: rtmoney
@_date: 2015-02-12 22:58:16
I'm a big fan of Gridcoin.  Not only does it reward you for doing real work, it's reward system is designed to pay you in the same way as a pay per share pool so you are rewarded fairly based on the work you do not by how fast you can solve a block.  The devices you can use to contribute to scientific research include CPU, GPU, Android, R-Pi, and ASICs with more being added all the time.  The goal of the project is to design a system that diverts compute power from wasteful hashing to productive computing, creating a Supercomputer cluster that supports all kinds of scientific investigation and technology development.
Access to Supercomputer clusters have traditionally been restricted to large research universities and corporations.  By creating a large network of computers complex computations previously out of reach for most researchers in the past are now possible.  Creating a network of computers to run complex computations isn't a new idea, in fact Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing or BOINC has been around since 2002 and has many volunteer contributors allowing researchers to tap the enormous processing power of personal computers.  However, the network is limited by those willing to volunteer, until now.
Cryptocurrency has created a fast, efficient and most importantly inexpensive way to account and move value from point A to point B.  A few coins have recently attempted to create a compensation mechanism to increase participation.  Notably Ripple, Curecoin, and Research Support Coin have used a centralized approach to distribute rewards to participants.  The weakness in this approach is in fact the centralized distribution.  This approach is reliant on what the makers deem worthy and participants must trust that the makers will continue their support.
One of the many things that make Gridcoin unique is it's decentralized approach to compensating individuals for participation.  A consequence of this approach is that it also opens the door  for commercial entity's to tap the same network without the overhead of a massive compute cluster and can use the coin as a compute credit for access to the network.  This would create a compute cluster that directly competes with cloud based compute services offered by Microsoft, Google, and Amazon but instead of the reward going into the pockets of large corporations it will be distributed to network participants of all sizes.
Development happens at a break-neck speed, one of the most often heard complaints is actually the speed at which development takes place with upgrades coming so regularly.  It is also a very community driven project, with input taken from the community to make the network better.  Some projects that have been started but need more attention/resources and could benefit from a campaign like this include a financial analysis BOINC project (finance.gridcoin.us) and a distributed database that can be used for a variety of services including in wallet voting, notifications, trouble ticket tracking and blockchain analytics to name a few.  
The future looks bright for Gridcoin, with or without this campaign but with the extra resources and attention this would help move the project forward and help change the way people think about mis-appropriated and underutilized compute resources.
@_date: 2015-02-14 00:18:54
You are entitled to your opinion but gridcoin has been under active development for over a year.  I realize Alts are less popular with the bitcoin crowd but currently the only real development taking place is in the alt space.  It has become a giant pool of beta tests and when bitcoin embraces this fact the whole crypto community will be stronger for it.