@_author: rtuck99
@_date: 2015-06-22 21:58:45
The choice is between having your transaction included in the blockchain, or not having it included in the blockchain. What other choice could there be?
Actually have thought of a third way: Would it be possible to have a futures market in Bitcoin transactions, to ensure QoS for those entities that need it? i.e. during each block there is an auction for a set number of transactions to be included in future blocks, the winners of the auction are incorporated into that block as proof, and the fee is redeemable by the block processor when winner later submits a transaction corresponding to the winning bid.
That way anybody wishing to completely saturate the system would need to first buy up all the futures for some significant time beforehand.
@_date: 2014-08-23 23:11:41
Thanks for reddit gold!
@_date: 2014-08-23 13:21:31
[This article on coindesk]( explains that your analogy is not correct. This argument is not over whether VAT is due on the value of the bitcoins exchanged. It is over whether VAT is due on the fees charged by the exchange for converting bitcoins to fiat. Typically that's only a small percentage of the coins traded.
From the perspective of the pizza vendor, this is more like the difference in cost between accepting Visa and accepting AmEx.
@_date: 2014-03-24 00:59:41
Yes but under the gold standard, the money supply did increase (albeit slowly) for the following reasons:
* The amount of gold in circulation was not fixed as it was (and is) still being mined. Also large amounts were hauled back from newly discovered regions such as the New World.
* The money supply was debased, by various means such as introduction of lesser value metals such as silver, and reducing the gold amount in coinage.
* The gold standard only requires convertibility of money into gold, so nations actually just printed money.
Also with physical money, there is a storage cost due to the additional risk of loss or theft. This encourages savings (which are effectively loans to banks by customers).
In addition the physical impracticality of using gold means that there is a strong incentive to use promissory notes or IOUs, which are in effect a form of paper money.
None of these things are true of bitcoin, apart from the cost of storage / risk (which is debatable),
@_date: 2014-08-23 21:11:37
Well, this is my interpretation of the legalese in the question:






^1 exchange of cryptocurrency for fiat
^2 a fee and/or commission is charged for the currency exchange
^3 does the foregoing constitute a paid-for service?
Hence, the questions are twofold:
1) Under the VAT directive, is the exchange of cryptocurrency for fiat money something that could be considered as a service to which VAT could potentially be applied?
2) If 1) is true then is such a service classed as VAT-exempt under the existing rules?
From [the VAT directive in question]( I note the following:




 
This would seem to indicate that VAT cannot be charged on the amount of bitcoins actually exchanged, only on the fees, because the bitcoins to be exchanged do not constitute consideration (as they are not retained by the exchange). Indeed, the cost of obtaining the bitcoins by the exchange constitutes an expense incurred which is specifically excluded.
@_date: 2015-01-21 09:02:21
I made a very similar calculation quite recently and came to similar conclusions.
Interestingly if you take an alternative approach, starting from an assumed maximum feasible transaction fee of 1% (comparable to credit card payment systems, which is an oft-quoted target use-case for Bitcoin) and taking the current dollar transaction volume, you arrive at numbers which are much more in line with the current Bitcoin block reward.
Obviously there is an in-built assumption in there which is that a 1% fee wouldn't reduce the number of high-value transactions.
@_date: 2015-01-07 13:37:36
I don't understand. Where does the black hat get all these other wallets from to do transactions with? Surely the only options are:
a) The wallets are from genuine sources. In which case surely the volume of the clean transactions is dwarfed by the tainted money? Then is it not possible to assume a large percentage of these destination addresses are controlled by the hacker, just pick one at random and they are probably controlled by the hacker?
b) The wallets are from the hacker's own addresses, or someone complicit, in which case all destination addresses are controlled by the hacker?
c) You just tumble all the money really slowly a fraction at a time.
d) The hacker somehow has access to a high volume of legitimate transactions, because they also have a legitimate business which they are laundering the money through (like a competing exchange, or a gambling site) - in which case just trace the clean addresses back to that to find them?
@_date: 2015-01-08 13:07:31
That doesn't really solve the problem - the cold wallet stores customer funds as well, so if the exchange doesn't have enough of it's own funds to make up the loss (i.e. is not adequately capitalised) then it will be insolvent.
This is equivalent to a normal bank having sufficient Tier 1 capital. i.e. the exchange must have enough bitcoin reserves which have been injected from external sources of funding, or held back from profits.
You cannot self-insure using customer deposits. Once an exchange holds a sufficiently large amount of customer deposits, it stops being an exchange and starts being a bank. Once that happens, it needs to be regulated like one, and held to the same accounting standards.
I should also add that trading whilst insolvent is illegal, and if the authorities decided to interpret Bitstamp's bitcoin liabilities in the same way as real money, if they don't have sufficient capital to cover the losses then the directors of Bitstamp could be punished, and the company wound up.
@_date: 2015-01-06 11:49:52
Well, that's pretty much how it is anyway - with losses this big, there's no guarantee you will be reimbursed. Failure to reimburse depositors in either circumstance is likely to result in a terminal loss of reputation and a hefty legal bill from all the resulting lawsuits.
Also, I'm not sure that would stand up in court - you could still try and sue them for negligence, and I'm not sure that under UK law that can be covered by a waiver in a shrink-wrap agreement.
At least if they held smaller customer deposits there's less chance they will go under due to a failure to reimburse.
@_date: 2015-01-09 00:24:14
That wouldn't prove anything. 
What you need to know is
does total Bitstamp BTC holdings (customer deposits + capital reserve) &gt;  total BTC owed to customers. 
Proving BTC reserves only gives you the left hand side. However without knowing the total amount owing you have no idea about the right hand side, and therefore whether they are solvent.
In fact, even that is not enough.
Since they could have borrowed BTC, so what you actually need is:
(BTC customer deposits + capital reserves) + (Fiat deposits + capital reserves) &gt;  (BTC customer a/c balances + any other BTC debts) + (Fiat debts)
@_date: 2015-01-06 09:04:43
I think that Bitcoin exchanges should start charging negative interest on Bitcoin deposits in order to reduce their total liability in the event they are hacked. 
Too many people have large Bitcoin amounts sitting in the exchanges and this would encourage them to reduce that. Exchanges need to see customer Bitcoin deposits as a liability not an asset, and one that can potentially cause them massive financial damage.
@_date: 2017-03-05 10:35:47
In Australia, voting is compulsory; if voters are anonymous, how is this enforced?
@_date: 2017-03-05 12:07:19
You mean after all that you still have to physically attend an actual polling station?
Edit: I mean with your system, rather than the current one.
@_date: 2017-08-27 07:09:46
However person-to-person Faster Payments are free though to both sender and recipient.
@_date: 2017-08-17 17:15:21


You wouldn't steal a policeman's helmet...
@_date: 2017-11-12 22:55:18
I'd like to see how that comparison works out if you change the investment period. Obviously over a whole year you will lose out because on average the stock market increases in the long term. If you do it over a shorter period then the volatility of the market would presumably win out. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 22:14:22
Miners are far from the only stakeholders in the ecosystem. Bitcoin core does not dictate terms but they are influential.
One of the weaknesses of BCH is that on the technical side, the development roadmap is totally opaque. At least BTC has the BIP process.
Just because a change requires people to upgrade their nodes or clients does not mean that a fork is inevitable. Ideally such a change would be in the interest of all stakeholders, including those miners like Slush who are not gaming the system. If it is not controversial there does not need to be a fork. 
Also, this is not a "BCH problem". It's a BTC problem. It doesn't matter what the alternative currency is, merely that BTC is vulnerable to this kind of adversarial strategy, and that the economics of mining are such that is little incentive for miners not to do it. 
It doesn't really hurt BCH, BCH is basically nothing without the current BTC "crisis". It's just another altcoin albeit one that happens to have a lot of pre-distributed coins. All the real-world action (i.e. non-speculative) is happening on BTC.
@_date: 2017-11-15 16:20:45
That's been the case for a while - they've promised it would happen by the end of September so actually they've delayed and it's quite overdue by their own schedule.
@_date: 2017-11-13 00:39:49
You buy your holdings using dollar cost averaging over say, 1 month. You then hold them for as long as you want, say 10 years. The expected price differential of most investments over that period of 1 month is minimal, but market volatility is likely to outweigh it, so cost averaging should perform well, modulo transaction costs.
The comparison on that site uses a period of 1 year, over which time most stockmarket investments will normally have increased in value by several %, so obviously in that scenario it will compare poorly vs block purchase.
@_date: 2017-11-12 23:37:09
Yeah, I guess if they are smart, they'll have cashed in at the peak, and maybe they can manage expectations a bit and get another round in during another spike later on, but sooner or later everyone will get bored of BCH and they'll need to generate some new drama over something else.
TBH it doesn't really matter what the other thing is, apart from 1) they can profitably use their mining hardware on it 2) they can improve their profits by switching between it and bitcoin and manipulating prices. BCH just happens to be that thing right now, and it beats switching off their miners to save electricty.
@_date: 2017-11-15 19:57:47
How else would they handle it? If they don't allow withdrawal or if they credit accounts in BTC or USD they will be accused of profiteering.
@_date: 2017-11-15 16:05:33
Bitstamp did the right thing - credit accounts with bcash and allow to withdraw but not support bcash transactions.
@_date: 2017-11-12 20:39:43
Here is my take on the current problem with BCH/BTC.
Bitmain make a large proportion of all the mining hardware. It's in their interest to extract as much money out of miners as possible. Tragedy of the commons means that miners are in a perpetual race to own the fastest hardware possible and this keeps them coming back. 
In order to make most profit from mining hardware, mining has to be at the extreme upper limit of being just barely profitable, so that hardware prices can be kept up. i.e. miners have to mine continuously at a high price in order to cover their electricity and hardware costs. This means gaming the system so that they mine only expensive blocks when the difficulty is comparatively low to their hardware capability. What to do when blocks are below cost price (e.g. after a difficulty bump)? They still have to pay off their hardware investment.
Find something else to mine. This is BCH. By switching from BTC to BCH and back, and judicious use of price manipulation and leverage on the alternate currency, mining pools can continue to make sufficient money by mining BCH when it's high and pushing BTC price down.
They probably can't mine BCH indefinitely since it doesn't have a viable ecosystem apart from pure speculation. Therefore they will probably have to switch back to BTC at some point, probably when the difficulty/price ratio is more attractive.
However this fluctuation in the block generation time caused by their gaming the system is damaging to BTC. Bitcoin core need to urgently consider ways of addressing it, either by finding a way to either reward loyal miners/punish defectors or by making changes to the difficulty adjustment in a way that doesn't itself create an alternative way of gaming the system by an adversary.
@_date: 2017-11-12 23:29:58
Large user base across a broad spectrum of all stakeholders:
* Currency investors
* Currency traders
* Exchanges
* Regulatory engagement
* Miners
* Wallet providers
* Consumers
* Merchants
* Payment providers
* Technology companies
* Media attention
To some extent it has some representation in all of these sectors, but not really to much more extent than other altcoins. What exposure it has is mainly down to it being a fork of bitcoin therefore little investment was required to support it, however there isn't anyone actively staking their business on it.
Whilst the market cap of BCH might be significant on paper, I'd be willing to bet that most of those holding BCH coins haven't even bothered to download the client to move them yet. Apart from speculative use, nobody is using BCH who doesn't already have it as a result of the fork, whereas people are getting bitcoin for practical reasons (albeit I'd bet most of the activity is still speculation).
Basically, my bottom line is, the intrinsic (as opposed to speculative) value of a cryptocurrency is tied to it's utility x user base. Bitcoin has utility and it has user base. BCH has less of each. I'd say long-term ETH is probably a better bet over BCH, plus it has the advantage from an investment point of view of being less correlated due to having more significant technological differences and different feature set.
@_date: 2017-09-15 15:33:50
Somehow, that's not quite the same ;)
@_date: 2017-09-15 15:33:50
Somehow, that's not quite the same ;)
@_date: 2015-03-02 18:57:48
To be honest, I suspect the most likely reason for the various monetary design aspects of Bitcoin is that they incentivise participants to behave in a manner which is in the long-term interests of the Bitcoin currency system, and not for any particular philosophical or political reason.
Being deflationary encourages people to hold onto the currency and safeguard its long term value, and not to engage in activities that might ultimately destroy it.
@_date: 2017-07-02 12:56:57
Obvious fake! Everyone knows hamster rental only costs $25 per hour. 
@_date: 2015-02-06 22:00:03
What are the insecurities? I have not heard about any. The issue with incorrect balances is a problem, however as long as the transaction is confirmed in the blockchain it doesn't affect your real wealth.
@_date: 2015-02-11 22:36:19
Keep a backup of your private key in a safe deposit box. When you pass away, your beneficiaries will inherit the contents.