@_author: rtylersmith
@_date: 2015-09-18 14:49:51
I'm no authority on the subject, but I will try to help explain some of the differences.  The two projects are very different while both having the same goal of helping to scale Bitcoin and alleviate Blockchain bloat.  
Open Transactions/Stash will enable users to transfer value off-chain in an anonymous (untraceable cash) and safe (unforgeable reciepts) way.  The ledger for the transactions is very different than a blockchain in that it doesn't keep a history of all the transactions that have happened, it only keeps a record of the last receipt.  But because that last receipt cannot be forged by the server (it requires the user's signature, which it can't duplicate) the receipt is enough to have final settlement and maintain the proper balances of everyone's accounts.  The amazing thing is that they have figured out a way (through multi-sig voting pools) to enable bitcoins to flow in and out of the platform.  This means that bitcoin transactions can happen off-chain (faster, cheaper) and then be settled back on-chain when a person wants to remove the value to be completely under their control again.  
Then Lightning Network on the other hand is attempting to keep everything on the Bitcoin network.  It relies on combining and routing thousands to millions of person to person transactions which have not yet been posted to the blockchain (but are valid and signed).  Basically, if A owes B 10 bitcoin, and B owes C 10 bitcoin, then A can just pay C the 10 bitcoin and all debts are settled.  They have users who are making a payment create transactions and sign them, and then wait to post them to the Bitcoin blockchain.   The transaction is then updated with a new transaction every time the user needs to pay for more stuff. The idea is that once you create and sign the transaction it is valid and can be posted for the amount which was signed at any time (so there is no risk to the original person being paid).  Once you have enough people participating in the network, the unposted transactions would have enough liquidity to route pretty much any kind of value you needed to send.  
Both approaches are interesting.  I'm fascinated to see how it all plays out.
@_date: 2015-09-18 14:26:39
Super excited to see Chris Odom still working hard on the Open Transactions platform.  I was a little worried after he left Monetas.