@_author: rubberpup
@_date: 2013-04-01 04:56:47
Well, close.  A wallet is just a collection of addresses.  So, if you have an address worth 5btc and an address worth 10btc in your wallet, and you wish to send 4btc, your client (wallet) will only have to use the 5btc address.  You'll spend the 5btc address and get 1 as change, leaving the 10btc address untouched.  So, you may have a wallet with a million bitcoins in it, but these bitcoins might belong to a number of different addresses.  It's kinda like each bitcoin address is a bill, and your wallet keeps all of the bills in it.  When you send a transaction, your client will only "spend" as many addresses as it needs to.
@_date: 2013-04-27 20:27:37
[Campbx]( is based in the US and I've never had any trouble with them.
@_date: 2013-04-01 00:50:23
Let's say you have an address A in your wallet, that is currently worth 5BTC.  You want to make a payment to address B, of 1BTC.  When you create a transaction, the entire amount of each input (in this case, assume A) must be divided among the outputs.  So, you take your 5BTC from A, send 1 to B, but now, where do you send the remaining 4BTC?  The default behavior of most clients (including the reference implementation, bitcoin-qt) is to first create a new address "C" in your wallet, then send the transaction as 1BTC -&gt; B and 4 BTC -&gt; C.  
What the OP is saying is that some people don't realize that they now have all of their money in C, and often end up deleting it, thinking that they should still have 4BTC in A.  The OP's suggestion is to make the default behavior different: when you pay from A, send the "change" back to the original address, so that A ends up with 4BTC in it, like most new users expect.  Simple, right?  Not so fast - the problem is that once you send money from A back to A, a few things happen.  One, the cryptographic strength of the key to A is weakened in the advent of quantum computing, and two, you have now leaked a bit of information to the real world about how user A spends their coins.  Maybe the owner of B knows that "D" belongs to a terrorist, and sees that A was used to send D some money and got the change back at A, then used that change to pay B.  Now the owner of B, who presumably knows the owner of A, knows that the owner of A has connections to terrorists and should be reported to Scary Government Organization E.
@_date: 2013-03-30 23:11:18
Be very careful with this - by selling coins for dollars you may become a money-exchanger or transmitter in the eyes of the federal government.  Look up AML and KYC laws before proceeding.
@_date: 2013-04-01 18:00:07
Well, close - you could have your balance split among many addresses: think of your addresses more like bills, and your wallet, well, like a wallet.  The only difference from what you'd usually do is when you buy something worth 5BTC with a 20BTC "bill", is you cut up the 20BTC bill, staple 5BTC of it to a bill that the other person owns, and either (a) staple the 15BTC bill to a brand new bill that you create out of thin air that was worth 0 to begin with, (b) staple the 15BTC bill back on to itself, or (c) staple the 15BTC bill to another address that's already in your wallet.  Your wallet by default does (a).
So, you don't need to send your entire bank balance (the contents of your wallet), but you do need to send a large enough portion of your balance to cover the purchase, and get some change back.  Now, if everyone always pays you at one BTC address, and you only have one very large bill in your wallet, then yes, you'd need to send your entire balance through the network.  However, this is pretty unlikely.  Good practice is to generate a new address every time someone new pays you, so you have lots of small bills for the amounts that you've been paid.  As you pay other people, your bitcoin client will automatically select some combination of these small bills to cover your transaction.  Confusing, but I hope that helps!
@_date: 2013-03-28 22:12:29
It's actually a great scheme to make a few percent reasonably reliably.  Figure out how much a sale of 5kBTC will move the market, looking at MTGox's order book.  Place limit buy orders in a few % range below where your sale would move the market to, for  bit more than 5kBTC.  Execute a 5kBTC market sell order.  Panic starts, people can't ensure that limit sells will get filled, and want out at any price.  Panic-y sellers fill against the limit orders you already have on the books, which you placed there well before anyone else.  Since new limit orders are waiting in the queue, they don't get filled.  Profit.