@_author: ruby_da_cherry
@_date: 2019-12-31 05:54:52
Honestly, I don’t get why people still think that bitcoin is their special little gem that no one knows about. I mean fuck, there at least one BTC ATM post a day.  I don’t think there’s many bubbles out there that have machines with their name all over it sitting out in public areas for the world to see.
@_date: 2019-12-28 03:16:17
I’m not trying to predict it’s price, and I never called it a stock. Why are you all so hostile towards people who aren’t dedicating their entire life into this?
If you have any knowledge of stocks and crypto currency then you should be fully aware that they share similarities. For example, one that is kind of relevant to what I initially asked, If Tesla announced it would no longer produce cars anymore the stock would plummet right? Now if China decided to outlaw anything having to do with cryptocurrency then there would be a pretty damn big hit to value of each currency. Almost like how changes in the year or company reveals can affect stocks and cryptocurrencies.
I only ever asked because I was curious if people thought that the new year would affect the market temporarily, that’s all. There’s no need for all you assholes to treat me like a child or like somebody who’s begging for some advice from the “masters” of bitcoin just so I can make a couple bucks. I’ve had plenty of fortune (along with a little misfortune obviously) with this particular currency so I don’t value anybody’s thoughts on what’s going to happen more than my own.
And I do say this quite genuinely just so you know, all that but most importantly this next part. Go fuck yourself, you’re a dumbass with a big ego who thinks he smart because he read a bunch about bitcoin and made some of the easiest money to make out there. Anyone with three brain cells back when bitcoin first got introduced and picked up a little press could see it would get where it’s at.
Gatekeeping jackass, don’t talk to someone like a child when all they did was ask for your opinion. My apologies for not being up to date with how a new year temporarily affects the market (especially a new decade, the decade where crypto will actually become something much more than it already has)
@_date: 2019-12-28 01:05:53
Well yeah that’s the obvious move with most stocks in general but I more meant like how do you think the few days surrounding and including New Years will go down?
Obviously bitcoins not just going to crash and stay crashed over a change in year but do you think it could spike or drop temporarily because of the new year being brought in or do you think it’s not really going to affect anything?
@_date: 2019-12-28 01:51:27
That’s why I asked. I said I thought it would be stupid for any changes to occur around those days but I was just wondering if anybody else had another opinion on it. 
There’s no logical reason I can see for it to be affected but you never know if someone else might have one, or at the very least if someone else has an illogical one that you can laugh at and try to fix their way of thinking ya know
@_date: 2019-12-31 06:05:03
The exception is a gamble that can’t really be predicted in any legitimate way. And I don’t usually call something that can go two ways a rule, just saying...
@_date: 2019-12-30 21:38:31
That doesn’t mean people are going to upvote it (which I guess matters?) and it certainly doesn’t mean someone isn’t going to post the same ATM we’ve all seen before. It’s hardly even content in my opinion. It just looks cool, and doesn’t really have anything to do concerning actual bitcoin other than showcasing an ATM.
Basically, I prefer actual content over a picture of something I’ve seen before and can google myself. Not even going to get into what that one dude said about the ATM owners being behind the posts and they’re shilling themselves out for it or whatever lol
@_date: 2019-12-30 21:25:23
But almost anything is better than a dumb picture of an ATM that everybody on this sub has seen already. There’s no actual content imo