@_author: rubygeek
@_date: 2016-04-29 04:08:14
The theory may be solid, but it all comes down to if the tumbler you use actually implements a reasonable mechanism. 
Problem is that most of them have a strong incentive *not to*, even *if* they have the technical skills to do it right: Doing it "right" is likely to sooner or later get them in the crosshairs of law enforcement (whether or not they've anything w rong). Having the data necessary to rat out whomever law enforcement is coming after is a convenient "get out of jail (or at least expensive lawyer fees) free card". Not everyone will, but the problem is you can't know in advance.
Not saying all of them are bad, but you also should think long and hard about how much privacy they provide you and against whom.
@_date: 2018-01-01 10:01:56
No, it depends on your liabilities.
If all of your costs are in USD, holding half Euro adds risk because while the USD depreciates against the Euro might give you a profit, the Euro depreciating against the USD might leave you unable to meet your obligations. The latter can bankrupt you. 
@_date: 2018-01-02 01:20:30


Which is why said business would immediately convert its revenue to USD, at least proportionally to how much of said liabilities are in USD, just like they'd convert part to Euro if part of its liabilities are in Euro.


The labour supply is so inelastic relative to foreign exchange over short timelines that literally *nobody* hedges against salary competitiveness this way because it's totally pointless. Especially given that the Euro could just as well go the other way and US salary costs could still go up - it's not a proper hedge. The entire point of a hedge is to find something that is practically guaranteed to move inverse to your your liability.  
If you have spare cash sitting around that you can afford to take that risk with, then you have spare cash sitting around that you can put in bonds or other similarly safer alternatives that give a near guaranteed return. It's not perfect, but it's far better than trying to hedge a position with something that's not an actual hedge.


Which is exactly what I've written over and over. Thank you for agreeing with my original position.
@_date: 2017-12-31 06:14:51
For any business to have money sitting around in a currency that is not the currency they primarily use to pay for their operating costs is lunacy. Especially if it is volatile.
If you buy a product for $100 worth of BTC, and by the time they need to pay their suppliers, that same BTC is worth $50, and that repeats over a large portion of customers, they're fucked.
This doesn't just apply to crypto - no company will retain large amounts of foreign currency if they can avoid it, unless they also have according amounts of costs to cover in that currency (e.g. a US store that has French suppliers may very well choose to retain some EUR to hedge, but, say a US store that buys nothing from Europe would convert any Euro they get from customers to USD ASAP to prevent exposure to currency fluctuations).
Not converting would be the equivalent of speculating with their creditors or shareholders money. Their creditors certainly wouldn't appreciate that, and most shareholders wouldn't either (if they want to speculate in crypto, they can do that themselves, rather than have their non-crypto investment adding elements of risk that they'll have a hard time controlling).
@_date: 2017-12-31 22:05:27
Yes, but there is stability and there is stability. For quick transactions you can tolerate fairly large daily swings. For a retailer with &lt;5% margins, you can't, and you then need to convert to the currencies your liabilities are in no matter whether it's crypto or fiat. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 12:57:42
That's akin to looking at any of the millions of gambles you could have taken through your life and go "man, if only I'd put my money on x,y,z I'd be the richest man alive". After the fact, , when you can see the outcome, the odds you'll get the outcome correct is 100%. Before the fact, if you aren't cautious, chances are a lot higher you'll end up with nothing.
@_date: 2017-12-31 14:25:38
Companies don't convert back foreign currency *when they have liabilities* in that currency, yes. Exactly as I said. Even then, generally you only keep fund roughly proportional to your expected liabilities in the foreign currencies, as anything else is basically currency speculation. 


Overstock has venture capital investments and developments in crypto, to the point where at least one analyst suggests their retail business is now a drag on the value of the total business, so they're in a situation most companies will never be in.
@_date: 2017-12-31 11:07:25
What would make it stable?
As long as there's more than one currency, and if anything crypto currencies makes the odds of everyone using a single currency more remote, not less, there'll be an exchange risk in holding currency in ratios disproportionate to your outgoings.
@_date: 2017-12-28 13:21:57
My own philosophy at this point is that if my high risk investments make up more than my lower risk investments, then I sell off 10%-20% of my high risk investments and reinvest in something lower risk. With something growing as fast as BTC that leaves me at tremendous risk of losing lots of paper value, but it also locks in part of the return while letting most of it "ride".
It's an easy approach to adjust up/down in terms of how aggressively you want to lock in profits by altering e.g. how large proportion of the total value needs to be in high risk investments before you sell any and how much you then sell, or how often you rebalance (e.g. maybe you re-balance every month given BTC violatility). 
@_date: 2017-12-28 13:07:27
Consider that there is minimal difference between "why did I sell then" vs "why didn't I buy then?". The vast majority of the world has missed out on a growth where investing even a days wage - however much or little they earn in a day - early on could have made a major impact on their lives. 
This is what people need to consider with events like that: We all "lose" vast opportunities every single moment of our lives through inaction or lack of foresight or lack of willingness to take risks (e.g. almost everyone here likely knew about BTC at some point where we *could* have stretched our finances just a little bit further and bought a bit more, or sold some at some point where we *could* have held on), or because of too much willingness to take risks, and just in general because anything we do have unforeseen follow on consequences.
The only real difference is that most of the time we don't know what we lose out on, because we don't have immediate visibility into the value - financial or otherwise - of the decision we took or didn't take.
So we can let ourselves get torn up over the lost opportunities we can see, or look forwards instead.
@_date: 2014-10-07 06:22:01
They're not in Europe. All VISA and Mastercard/Maestro branded debit cards are, but there are lots of local debit cards in various European countries that can be used online with local merchants that require payment processors with accounts with either local issuing banks or intermediaries.  For the merchant there's usually not any difference to speak off - just more card brands, but for the payment processors it's a lot of extra hassle.
VISA and Mastercard does make up the bulk of debit cards in most of Europe, though.
@_date: 2014-11-25 07:24:27
In the UK at least, a lot of advertise with "no commission". Of course all that means is that their *rates* are set accordingly, so it's blatantly misleading.
@_date: 2014-10-07 06:23:40
Paypal probably. SEPA transfers are too slow for most typical online usage (up to 1-2 days), though I know some merchant accepts them.
@_date: 2014-10-07 04:01:49
There's a wide variety, ranging from debit cards, to things like ELV in Germany, Cash on Delivery systems in various countries, Direct Debit in the UK, direct bank transfers (transfers within some countries takes down to a few minutes most times).
@_date: 2015-05-07 08:14:15
Yes, but for starters then they'd have needed a warrant. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 08:16:11
That would be double reason not to answer any questions or consent to a search.
For starters, because if they genuinely had a witness stating that, they wouldn't ask - they'd demand on the basis of having reasonable suspicion a crime had been committed. 
If they still ask for permission it's a strong sign they're talking bullshit and you should expect there's a reason for that.
@_date: 2015-05-07 08:42:23
No, the last guy *reported on*. While the numbers are awful, the risk of getting killed in encounters with police even in places like the US is still minuscule compared to the total number of such encounters.
In 2007, the number of *arrests* in the US was roughly 14 million according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics (now *that* is a WTF for you). The number of searches would have been vastly higher. 
The number of police killings is hard to pin down because there's no central gathering of all the numbers, but the highest estimate I've seen was somewhere around 1200. Lets say 1400. That's equivalent to 1 per 10,000 arrests. 
Consider that a good chunk of those killings are warranted - in situations where the person shot genuinely wielded a weapon and threatened other people - and the risk for someone interacting with police peacefully is much lower.
I don't know what the number of searches would be, but would be totally unsurprising if the number of *searches* is 10 times that or more. 
Now black people (and *poor* people - account for socio-economic status and most of the racial disparities disappear; there may be a war on black people, but it's part of a larger war on the poor) are substantially over-represented, but they're also over-represented in terms of arrests and searches, and so their risk *once they're already interacting with police* is not all that much higher.
@_date: 2015-05-07 08:50:54
I'm warming to sortition (electing officials by lottery). Yes, you'd get a lot of scarily incompetent people, but it'd still be difficult to end up with a bunch of sufficiently scarily incompetent people to compete with the combination of scarily incompetent people who are there because they've spent their life seeking power, and who have been plied by lobbyists for years. 
@_date: 2015-05-07 08:12:27
You're talking about the story in the article. The comment you replied to is talking about a *different* story where the assets in someones bank account was seized.
@_date: 2015-01-14 11:52:56
Just turn the charts upside down.
@_date: 2015-05-07 08:07:00
Why have you guys not had an armed insurrection yet?
@_date: 2016-06-29 13:49:00


It's not coming from anywhere.
This is wildly oversimplified, but mark two points on a balloon, and blow it up. The two points are now much further apart, but the extra "space" got there by stretching "space" from every point and in every direction. Nothing moved. 
If you mark a point to represent where you are, and a series of points in a circle around it, and blow up the balloon again, they'll all move equally far from "you".
The reason there is a limit to the observable universe at all is that this expansion is happening at a rate which means that there is a bubble beyond which the aggregate expansion of space between any point you might be at and the rest of the universe increases the distance faster than light, so it's not just that you can't see it *now*, but also  that there is a limit beyond which you can't see *ever* unless you invent faster than light travel, and more and more of the currently observable universe passes beyond that barrier every moment.
@_date: 2017-08-26 02:03:57
Then you've made up your own definition of settlement which is not used by *anyone* in finance.
@_date: 2017-08-23 13:03:32
That's true. But this kind of information leak is exactly the type of leaks you can use to unmask someone by making connections. 
You don't think about one connection, and they you don't think about another, and you leak different information each time, only at some point maybe you leak enough information for someone to tie the two together, and suddenly they can piece together a lot more information about you.
This is not hypothetical - someone accidentally "outed" their real-life identity to me and a bunch of other people just yesterday because they didn't realise that a given connection would make it trivial to piece together too much information and make it obvious. If I'd been enough of a bastard, it'd have been prime blackmail material. Luckily for them I had no interest in going down that route and warned them, hopefully before someone less scrupulous saw the info.
It's very easy to make mistakes in this, so it's best to assume that any info you give up is enough to unmask you. *Especially* if the information ties to a social media account where it is virtually certain that you've given out enough clues over some period of time that someone dedicated enough can unmask you.
@_date: 2017-08-29 08:49:57
At least in the UK you don't get bills in the ER either. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 10:34:05
That's true, but it is very different from what implied by the above comment - there is certainly not bills included "especially in the hospital". The big point being that nobody ever gets hit by expenses for going to hospital beyond their, much lower, insurance costs.
@_date: 2017-08-29 08:51:06
I live in the UK, and I've never seen a bill for healthcare other than my tax bill.
@_date: 2019-06-27 11:40:37
The first or the second scenario? The first may well be plausible in that timeframe.
But as for the latter, pushing 300k would push market cap to around $6 trillion. For comparison the GDP of Japan, the 3rd largest by country in the world was less than $5trn in 2017. The EU (including the UK) was less than $19tr.
Of course you can not directly compare GDP to market cap like that, as a lot of value is massively held. But the point is anyway that at that level the price starts hitting up against some very real boundaries where it will take noticeable proportions of the available capital in the world being pumped in to drive the price up further.
To get to those kind of levels will take Bitcoin actually seeing a massive increase in use.
@_date: 2019-06-27 11:31:22
At 5 mil, the value of Bitcoin in circulation would be larger than the total GDP of the entire planet.
@_date: 2015-07-03 08:49:44
Cameron likes to talk tough a lot, but he's severely constrained by a few pesky little details such as the Human Rights Act. Now, they're considering replacing that with a "Bill of Rights", being their excuse to try to remove certain parts of the Huma Rights Act, but here's the thing: The UK is a member of the Council of Europe, and the European Convention on Human Rights. EU membership is contingent on both. The only legal way the UK can take away the rights granted under the European Convention on Human Rights (which is what is implemented in UK law via the Human Rights Act) is by leaving the EU.
And despite the fact that the stupid fuck is risking a referendum on continued EU membership, Cameron actually wants the UK to stay in the EU.
Basically you can assume a substantial proportion of what comes out of Cameron's mouth is bullshit aimed at appeasing Euro-sceptic portions of his own party and UKIP (UK Independence Party) voters to get them to think he's "touch on EU" so they'll listen to him when he says the UK should stay in the EU.
@_date: 2018-02-03 15:36:19
If I take your $1k investment, and use it in ways vaguely related to the purpose of the business, chances are good I can ensure you have no *legal* recourse, as a small minority shareholder.
And investing small amounts isn't illegal. **Soliciting** unsophisticated investors is.
@_date: 2018-02-03 04:52:56
Because while most legitimate startups wouldn't touch your $1k "investment" with a stick, scammers happily will - those overheads of dealing with a ton of small investors goes away if you take your "investors" money and run.
@_date: 2018-02-03 17:38:43
The regulations says nothing about the size of investments, but the implication is that someone certifying themselves to satisfy the criteria as an accredited investor 1) would be less affected by even a sizeable loss as they certify that they have a high net worth, 2) should be more experienced and be more likely to have an understanding of the risks involved.
If people only want to put in $100, then there's not much risk, but there also very little reason to treat those kind of cases as the potential upside would also be tiny. The intent is more to prevent people from putting their whole savings or pensions in, or go into debt to invest in "sure things" that are in reality high risk.
@_date: 2017-10-23 10:47:14
Even in central London, you could retire on that, though it'd be a relatively modest lifestyle. 5% average return would be enough to give you about 38k GBP. The median UK salary is in the 23k GBP/year region for comparison - you'd get a far better lifestyle a bit further out for that money.
Personally I'd work a few more years while letting it grow further, but I'd shift more and more of the funds into lower risk investments and diversify.
@_date: 2017-09-04 08:21:39
Depends what you mean. What describes is not begging the question, but I agree that the original post probably is begging the question (if we take it on face value for the sake of argument anyway).
If I went around without having decided there was a conspiracy, and looked for patterns of *something*, and happened to find something that matches something related to Bitcoin and concludes that because of the patterns there is a conspiracy, then it's the sharpshooter fallacy: I'm disregarding the data that doesn't match anything, and picking the data that does.
But if I believe there is a conspiracy, and my argument is that because there is a conspiracy, those letters is evidence that there is a conspiracy, then  that is certainly begging the question: my argument is only valid if my conclusion is valid, so it rests on itself.
In this case it boils down to whether OP happened to notice a pattern, and from that selective interpretation of company names concluded that it proves a conspiracy, or whether he believed (or pretends to anyway) there is one, and that because there is one, those letter combinations proves that there is one.
@_date: 2017-10-23 10:52:30
Diversification is good, but if you're young enough it may still be worth taking significant risks now (with money you can afford to lose) because you still have  a lot of time to recover if things goes bad. But you should then be very aware that you *do* risk losing everything.
@_date: 2017-10-23 15:19:14


That's not what inherent value means. That is extrinsic value. Inherent value implies that something has value *in and of itself*.  One might be a pedant and argue that this means nothing has inherent value as if there is nobody there to take advantage of it, but a more charitable interpretation is that inherent value implies that something has other uses than acting as an exchange token. Paper money has inherent value equal to the inherent value of the paper, because absent the ability to exchange it (its extrinsic value), it is just paper.


Nonsense. Scarcity in itself means nothing unless people are prepared to exchange something else for it. I can extract a random sequence of numbers from an RNG right now that I can guarantee to a far higher degree of certainty than Bitcoin can will be unique, and that will take far more resources to brute force. It's easy - just generate enough random bits. But its value is no more than at most the cost of the resource use involved in generating a sufficiently long sequence of bits. 
Any value beyond that is down to its value as a means of exchange. If I manage to convince someone that I will pay them $10 dollars if they hand it back to me later, it's worth $10, but that's extrinsic value, and the value only remains as long as they have reason to believe that they can still exchange it.


That only has value as long as someone is willing to honor it. The world is full of obsolete currencies that demonstrates well how low even the extrinsic value of currencies that still have some minor collectors value to maintain a limited value as a means of exchange can sink. 


First of all, that is not what I said. What I said was that the baseline demand for gold contributes to the level of trust given to it. As does its many thousands of years of history. People know that even if the price drops, it's not likely to disappear in short order. Gold has inherent value because of useful properties, and extrinsic value as a means of exchange - its intrinsic value is *part* of what makes it attractive as a means of exchange.


Lots of value is stored in sand. But we shouldn't store more in sand because the demand for sand per unit of mass or volume is too low to make it practical. 


No, it didn't.


You could actually read the comments you reply to. Since you don't, let me quote myself:




Of course you can. There are plenty of historical examples for why "the unknown" needs to account for a large risk factor. E.g. prior to the car, it'd be reasonable to assume a bright future for the manufacture of horse-carriages. Afterwards, not so much. The car was an unknown until it wasn't. 


Irrelevant - the risk is not that development would cease, but that it stops being sufficiently attractive as a means of exchange of value. If people move on to something else, the scarcity of your coins becomes meaningless.


And thus you demonstrate that you don't know what the word fallacy mean.


Prior to the invention of the car there was no evidence that anything would displace horse-driven carriages, and yet anyone investing in their manufacture were acting irrationally if they did not account for some degree of risk of the unknown as the advent of the car proves that the risk of something unknown largely replacing it and bankrupting most of them was there.
@_date: 2017-10-23 11:09:14
Here is one: Before Bitcoin, what do you think people would have judged the odds of a new disruptive alternative to fiat currencies?
Unless you're a multi-millionaire today, you didn't see the potential until late in the game. 
Now, consider that the same might happen again: Someone else may come up with an alternative that is just as much better.
But unlike fiat currencies which have trillions of dollars worth of trade channeled through them, Bitcoin has far less, and so would be far more vulnerable to a competing fiat alternative.
I'm not saying BTC will fail. I'm saying it *could* fail, by being disrupted by something even better. That something might even exist now but not get noticed, the same way most of us did not notice BTC until "late". 
That's not an argument against investing in BTC, btw. I'm still planning on putting more of my money into BTC. It's an argument for why there's still risk, and people need to consider their risk profile when deciding how much of their money they put in it (basically, the younger you are, the larger portion of your savings you can afford to risk - you have longer to recover if everything goes wrong)
@_date: 2017-10-31 11:29:53
Predictable deflation means you get richer just by sitting on value. That has a significant impact on slowing down economic activity because it creates a strong incentive to delay all expenditure as long as possible. It is massively detrimental over the long run. 
This is why most economies have a stated goal of some degree of inflation, because inflation effectively acts as a tax on those who hold assets without contributing anything to the economy. 
We do agree that large and "sporadic" changes are more disruptive and harmful, but that does not mean deflation isn't also harmful.
@_date: 2018-02-03 04:47:49
Casinos are illegal in a lot of countries for a reason, and where they are legal the big difference between casinos and startups is that in most countries, at casinos the house edge is heavily regulated and audited.
The risk profiles are very different. In a casino, the rate of failure is *far* lower than for investments in startups. Depending on rules, typical house edge for games in casinos range from as low as around 0.5% and up to around 25%. There's nowhere where the failure rate for startups is as low as 25%, and 25% is an extreme house edge for casino games. E.g. blackjack is typically 0.8% (depends on number of decks etc.); a basic bet on red/black on a roulette wheel with a single zero is 2.7%. However, startups can pay out far more in extreme circumstances, but those circumstances are extremely rare.
Casinos look high risk because of the *accumulated losses* over time and the fact you can play lots of rounds in a short amount of time and because of the occasional dumbass that makes high stakes bets. But the reality is that each individual "basic" bet in a casino - is far less risky than putting your money in a startup. They're as regulated as they are because people end up playing repeatedly, not because of the risks in most single bets. You need to repeat a huge number of small bets in a casino to accumulate the same level of risk as you get with a startup investment.
In order for your risk to be lower investing in startups than spending it doing the same number of bets in a casino, you need to improve your odds over the baseline dramatically by knowing more, or having better connections, or you need enough money to be able to spread your bets enough to increase your odds of hitting a "unicorn" that'll make it big.
If you don't, putting your money in a startup is basically gambling. And unregulated gambling with worse odds than pretty much every normal casino game.
I work for a VC fund currently managing about a few hundred mill. The performance the management team is measured against by the owners is a year over year return of ~10%. For a fund that size, that's a reasonable goal. Some funds have goals much higher than that, and sometimes they will achive much higher returns, but average returns over enough times are quite low, as you need to account for the bad times as well.
To reach that, the goal is to review several thousand startups a year, and invest in the best. That return is on the basis of getting the occasional "unicorn" that is a runaway success - but those successes need to pay a lot towards covering for the huge number of failures that is guaranteed for any VC.
For a smaller investor, the number of opportunities reviewed will be far smaller. If you hit the right one, awesome, but due to the smaller number of investments you'll be making, chances are also much higher that you end up with one too many failures and lose money, or all failure and get wiped out. 
You don't need to get very far down in scale before going to Vegas would be a better bet.
@_date: 2018-02-03 04:10:45
It isn't more likely. But it's affecting more people when it happens.
@_date: 2017-10-24 00:22:24


And there's yet another strawman. I've never claimed it to be a replacement for logic. You're the one that fail to recognize that "pointing to unknowns" does not in any way involve giving up on logic.
For example, we can apply Bayesian probability as an extension of propositional logic to assess the uncertainty of the unknown, as a means to quantifying and reasoning about hypotheses about the level of risk.
What is not logical is sticking your head in the sand and forget about the unknown risks because you can't precisely quantify all of them.


I did point out a potential risk scenario, but the entire point of an unknown risk is that you can not fully quantify it. If you could, it'd be trivial to insure against that specific risk, and it won't be a (financial) risk any more.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:16:41
So blame Amazon, not your bank. Or get a US bank account (yes, it's possible to get a US bank account without being resident in the US - it can be a hassle, but been there, done that)
@_date: 2017-10-23 14:04:25


Something is only an asset if it can be exchanged. If I have a file sitting on my computer with some values on it that nobody wants, it is not an asset. If someone wants it badly enough to exchange something else for it, it is an asset. This idea that Bitcoin has some sort of inherent value beyond the trust that others will exchange it for something else is just flat out lunacy.
Yes, Bitcoin is more resilient against totally disappearing because of its distributed nature, but it's still vulnerable to huge drops in value if something replaces by providing more desirable functionality. It may never happen. It may happen next year. Determining the relative risks of that occurring is not possible, and hence risk assessments for BTC is incredibly hard. But that in itself does not mean the risk doesn't exist  but that our error margins in assessing it will necessarily be big.


Firstly, I argued that it is *elastic* so thank you for agreeing with that. The point of elasticity in demand is that this means demand for industrial use can soak up a lot more supply than current use implies - it's just not attractive to use more *now* given current prices. The point is that this helps provide a floor that together with the trust in the ongoing demand for other uses provides a level of security that reduces risk. Bitcoin doesn't have that base demand - the entirety of its demand is tied to the ability to exchange it. That's fine - that's the same for fiat currencies no longer backed by gold too, and additionally subject to the whims of central banks, but it makes comparing BTC to gold meaningless.


It is pretty obvious to anyone not intentionally trying to be obtuse that saying Bitcoin is risky is about evaluating the odds that it may lose value relative to the fiat currencies the vast majority of us gets our salaries in and pay for our food and housing in. That you choose to be confrontational for the sake of it doesn't change that, nor does it change the fact that we can talk about risk without mentioning specific currencies in most respects because most fiat currencies remain relatively stable relative to each other (yes, there are outliers) over relatively long periods of time. The fluctuations in USD, EUR, GBP for example hardly matters in this discussion even on a timeline of a couple of decades.


Thank you for making my point.


Nobody claimed it did. But feel free to continue arguing against this strawman position that nobody here is supporting.


If you assume away risks you don't like, you can argue anything is low risk, but that defeats the point of managing risks.
In any case, you've conceded that there is still risk, which was my point in the first place, so I consider this discussion closed for my part.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:08:16
Checks has been outdated technology for a couple of decades. It's not the banks fault that someone tried to send you money in the most inconvenient way possible instead of doing a simple SWIFT/IBAN transfer.
@_date: 2017-10-31 13:29:46


No, I am assuming that a farmer takes out a loan in btc and is paid in btc. Everything else you wrote is irrelevant when you fail to grasp that.


The sheer irony.
@_date: 2017-10-23 10:55:02
[There are a couple of alternatives already](
I use one of them for my SIPP (pensions... yes, I'm crazy enough to bet on Bitcoin for my pension; some of it anyway) as it gives we very beneficial tax treatment. 
EDIT: Do your damn research before investing in these: For XBT you're investing in a Swedish fund denominated in Swedish Kroner or Euro - in either case unless those are your "native" currencies, you're compounding the currency risk of Bitcoin with the currency risk of SEK/EUR, and then on top of that you're depending on XBT not turning out to shady. It does add risk over "just" owning Bitcoin. The upside is as I mentioned that you (depending on your country) may be able to put pensions or other tax advantageous savings into them (e.g. in the UK SIPP for pensions, or ISA's for tax free returns; though the specific funds above can not currently be used for ISA's)
@_date: 2018-03-05 12:05:41
All they need is to only credit your account with whatever they are able to exchange it for less transaction costs. And nothing stops them from setting their own exchange rates that adds a solid margin.
@_date: 2017-10-23 12:06:55


It only still stores value if people as long as people accept them.  My first online payments was with some micropayment platform that stopped existing in 1994. Lots of digital payment platforms have ceased to exist. More than the number of prominent crypto-coins today. It's true that none of them gained the prominence of Bitcoin, and so it would take much more for Bitcoin to falter in the same way. 
But that is not the point: The point is that BTCs value is dependent on its continued acceptance. The "stored value" of BTC if nobody accepts it as payment is exactly 0.


While that's true to an extent, about 15% of the current demand for gold is for industrial uses and dentistry. 
The big difference is that those 15% represents a lower barrier and would soak up a lot of supply if prices drop (e.g. gold would be used as a corrosion free conductor in many more places is it was cheaper). It would still drop, but still represent a massive risk reduction.
Beyond that it is a matter of trust: Gold has thousands of years of history as something that has demand, and *because* of that history of demand it has remained a popular store of value. 
Once BTC has a few thousands of years of history of ongoing demand, *and* someone has somehow found another use for BTC that provides a floor that prevents a total wipeout, we can make this comparison. As of now, it is laughable.


It's entirely rational. The point is exactly that the risks are unknown. We can't quantify it, but that does not mean the risks don't exist - in fact that makes them more problematic. BTC itself is a demonstration of how a threat to BTC could gain prominence


... and that is exactly the argument: it's poses a risk to Bitcoin investments. 
The entire point of managing investments is managing risk vs. reward. Not acknowledging the risks is irresponsible. That does not mean you shouldn't invest in BTC, but it does mean that you need to account for the risks realistically and consider how it affects your overall investment strategy, because it affects your expected long term returns and e.g. how you rebalance your investments. 
To put it another way: Have you remortgaged your house to invest everything in Bitcoin? 
If you haven't, why not? 
The rational answer is that there are risks, and we don't know precisely how big they are.
@_date: 2018-02-03 05:57:34
(EDIT: you even paid so little attention to what you read that you misrepresent the type of bet I compared against; the house advantage if you bet *red or black* on a roulette wheel with a single 0 is 2.7%; if you be on a single number, conversely, the house advantage is 97.3% - that would indeed be worse, but it was not what I suggested)
Even the best performing VC's in the world have more failures on average than they'd have losses if they made the same number of bets on a roulette wheel. 
They make a return - and not the huge returns that people like to imagine they do - because *some* of their few wins are proportionally much larger than they would be at a casino. So, yes, if you educate yourself and if you spread your risk enough, then you stand a good chance of making a decent return and beat the casino, as I pointed out.
The problem is that you need a lot of money to make sufficient number of bets to tip the probability of hitting a big payout from a startup sufficiently in your favor to have reasonable odds of making a profit at all.
If you *don't* think you'd have a better chance with a single bet on a roulette wheel than on picking a single startup to invest in, you're a fool. Do a 100, and sure, your odds of doing better with startup investments starts to look much better.
Good investors make money by spreading risk.  
No amount of skill is sufficient to de-risk picking startups enough to compensate for a lack of spreading your investment out. Or we'd have VCs consistently investing mostly in winners. In reality most VCs lose money on a huge proportion of their investments.
@_date: 2017-10-28 11:06:38
And that's still Amazons fault, not your bank.
@_date: 2017-10-27 01:01:58
But that's the fault of Amazon, not your bank.
@_date: 2017-10-31 11:28:53


They avoid ventures, period, to a much greater extent because the "return" from just sitting on piles of cash means it is less attractive to invest the money. This has a massively negative effect in getting funding for new ventures that drive the economy forwards, and as such slows down the whole economy.


Not in absolute term, but in relative terms. If X amount of corn sells for 1BTC today and for 0.5BTC next year because BTC has doubled in value, then for the same amount farmed the farmer will earn half as many BTC next year. That's not a problem if he's going to buy stuff for it, as prices in BTC for other products will also in general have halved.  But if his *loan* is denominated in BTC, he's in for a hard time, as his repayments will now be twice as high.  This is how deflation screw people with debt over. Conversely, with inflation the present value of the debt drops over time.
@_date: 2017-10-23 14:32:46
That's true, but 5% as you noted is already quite a lot below the actual expected long term return. It may be a bit high if you want to maintain the income in perpetuity - for that 4% might be safer. A quick search showed me a 40 year old can buy annuities giving 4.6% for life, but of course that is based on the insurer betting on average life expectancy, but taking very low risks. If you're willing to take even a little bit of risk with even parts of that capital, you can do quite a bit better, at the cost of potentially having to cut your living standards (or start working again) if things go bad.
@_date: 2015-04-21 11:38:46
Two things: 
1) The place you live is not an investment, because you can't realise the value without trading down - you still need somewhere to live. If you want to properly invest in property, you need somewhere separate from where you live. 
2) Buy somewhere cheaper. Both to live and for investment. If that means a longer commute, then so be it. You can always trade up to something more central later, but buying now gives you a hedge against rising prices (and if houseprises drop? Awesome, trade up for less). 
There are plenty of places in the UK that are far cheaper than what you quote. I live in London. My 3 bed house with a garden is 10x average UK salary. Flats here are available far below that, and plenty are available on shared ownership schemes. Caveat? I live in zone 5, in Croydon (great place with an undeserved bad reputation that keeps prices low). Other option is buying with someone (go see a fucking lawyer - don't even think of doing this without an ironclad agreement) and stick it out for a few years. The longer you wait, the greater the risk that house prices end up outpacing your salary increases. As for buying for an investment, you don't need to buy right where you live - what matters is finding somewhere with rental potential. 
@_date: 2015-04-21 11:53:11
He's saying that the alternative was that the banks would go bankrupt, in which case the money above 100k euros would have been lost any way. 
So the alternatives was 1) government takes money above 100k euro and uses it to prop up the banks, in return for shares and interests to be paid for portion of those deposits, and the possibility (far from guaranteed) that this money may get repaid in the future if the bank does well; depositors lost control over deposits above 100k, but may recover parts of it (if shares become worth anything of substance, and if interest continues to be paid ), or 2) bank goes bankrupt, government pays out on insurance up to 100k; depositors loses deposits above 100k outright. 
For depositors the outcome of both alternatives were pretty much the same, though option 1 in theory could end up letting them recover a portion of the money, and more importantly it left Cyprus with an additional functioning bank and limited the strain on the public coffers of having to pay out on insurance. 
@_date: 2016-10-30 17:24:10
Most jurisdictions allow shops to decline service in some circumstances, but refusal to accept cash is not always amongst the legal reasons. 
Norway is one example. "Sentralbankloven" (Central banking law) paragraph 14 states that coins and notes issued by the Norwegian central bank are "tvunget betalingsmiddel" (*compulsory* tender) in Norway. This is well established to not be limited to settlings debts, but to include other commercial transactions.
In the event of payments that are not to settle debts, the parties can as far as I can tell contract away the requirement to accept legal tender, whereas in the case of settling debts this can not be done. However this needs to be actual contracts - there needs to be a meeting of minds and consideration - a store can not unilaterally state that they don't accept cash. (EDIT: Norwegian contract law is generally quite strict; given that the right to pay with cash is legally mandated, surrendering that right would likely require the other party to offer concessions, such as e.g. a rebate; for the buyer to actually be bound by it - it is fairly common for contract terms in Norway to be null and void if a party seeks to contract away another party's legal rights without offering compensation in return)
[Here's an article about a store breaking the law that expands on it.]( (Norwegan); [Here is a discussion on the official government website]( (also Norwegian). 
Further, it would seem to mostly apply in most Eurozone countries as well, [here is a recent report from ELTEG-  Euro Legal Tender Expert Group]( (PDF) which indicates that apart from Finland, Netherlands, France and Ireland the remaining Eurozone members agreed with the Commissions standpoint regarding B2C payments, which is that:


tender means that if a customer insists on paying in cash when concluding a contract, i.e. the retailer and the consumer do not agree on any other means of payment, then cash should not be refused, unless the retailer can bring forward restrictively defined objective reasons to do so. In the absence of such objective reasons, the retailer’s refusal would be legally irrelevant.
However there may be distinct differences in how this is applied in each country. The further discussion makes it clear that this applies to purchases rather than settlements of debt, in that exceptions discussed includes situations like a car dealership which would have a legitimate objective reason for wanting to refuse to accept cash on grounds of security concerns.
The problem of course in most of these cases, is that if someone has not indicated agreement to let you purchase a product clearly in advance of you presenting cash, it would in many cases be easy for them to give another reason, or no reason at all, making it very hard to prove if unwillingness to accept cash is the reason.
@_date: 2015-11-22 16:24:21
The difference is that a backdoor creates a single key that is vastly more valuable than any individual keys, and thus accordingly more attractive. How much do you think China and Russia would be willing to invest to get their hands on keys that would grant them backdoor access to all US communication? Heck, how much do you think Germany and France would pay? Both in investing in trying to crack it and in trying to cultivate assets to obtain them. 
And as we've already seen: Even the NSA leaks. 
@_date: 2015-11-02 10:28:43
They're a chain of coffee shops with books in, I think.
@_date: 2015-11-23 12:47:04
Except it doesn't, because it still requires re-issuing certs, which the reason for your "non-pinned" parenthetical, and something that makes identifying compromised root certs far easier, and as we have *seen in practice* blocking those root certs and all certificates signed by them is then trivial. Though there is every reason to worry what the centralization of root keys means for our privacy, and every reason to support schemes to decentralise and police trust of SSL keys.
But these schemes rely on another fundamental difference: Nothing prevents anyone security conscious from refusing to recognise any certs but the ones they specifically include, and in fact that is common practice in a number of applications. 
E.g. my VPN deployments certainly won't accept any certs that claims to be for "rubygeeks-domains.com" - they only accept the certs they have been explicitly configured to accept and/or (depending on setup), certs signed specifically by a self signed cert created specifically for that purpose for that one setup. 
You have a valid reason for why we should not blindly trust a site just because it has an SSL cert, but it has *nothing* to do with having a single key for all encrypted traffic. 
Case in point, while many SSL sites would be vulnerable for a while, no VPN I've ever used would be vulnerable to a root cert compromise, nor have any encrypted file I've ever sent been vulnerable to it. 
Mandatory backdoors would be *vastly* more valuable targets exactly for that reason.
@_date: 2016-10-30 16:23:49
This is not true in all jurisdictions (some places shops etc. are required to accept legal tender, though often with restrictions on number of coins and/or the right to refuse particularly large denominations), but it is nevertheless important for people to realise that in the general case, as you say, legal tender is about settling debts first and foremost.
To expand on your point, the main point of legal tender is to prevent situations where one party reasonably expects to be able to settle a debt with cash, and the other party is refusing to accept it.
If you can walk away from a transaction, it's not a big problem if they refuse. If you have incurred a debt, if the persons you have incurred a debt to can control your ability to repay by refusing to accept payment, they can exercise a disproportionate amount of power, such as e.g. force you into default my making it impossible for you to pay.
@_date: 2017-06-11 13:25:15
The point is that "structuring" is working around reporting requirements. There's nothing wrong with transferring these amounts. There is something wrong in some jurisdictions with doing so in a way that intentionally avoids reporting requirements you'd otherwise have.
