@_author: rufusjules
@_date: 2019-07-11 10:29:51
Lightning Network is a fully decentralized Layer 2 solution for instant payments. In its current form LN suffers from major shortcomings like payment routing problems (especially payments &gt;$5), channel liquitidy, the need to maintain a full node and stay online 24/7, and a very hard &amp; technical onboarding process. Pipeline(our tech) makes a trade-off in terms of centralizing parts of Layer 2 in favor of super easy onboarding, overall usability, 100% reliable payments routing and a truly fee-less experience.
@_date: 2019-07-03 12:14:03
Yes, an account is created just like setting up a new wallet (mnemonics etc.) and your email address is used throughout the system. Arf can not control funds because the created user address is a 2-of-2 multisig (one key is users the other one is Arf's), so it is non-custodial. It is similar to Green Wallet addresses.
We are taking security very seriously and in fact we are considering different solutions to store email mappings at the moment. Besides using hashes/fingerprints for email-address integrity verification, we are looking into solutions that may involve a smart contract (no clean data will be used, just proofs/hashes)
@_date: 2019-07-11 11:11:31
Try that,
  
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:29:55
Think again.  
Lighting Network is a payment solution built on top of Bitcoin, that promises an instant, trustless and cheap way of making transactions. Lightning Network, is a peer-to-peer network, where peers are able to "lock" their Bitcoin on chain and able to transfer it to other parties via "channels". It is designed to create a network of micropayment channels that will address the scalability problem of the Bitcoin network. LN offers instant transactions on its off-chain payment channels, where on-chain transaction finality is reached after a number of transactions are routed off-chain, through a single channel or several channels based on channel liquidity and available nodes.
The routing capability of each lightning channel is determined by the funds locked on-chain by each peer with a significant trade-off which requires that both the sending and receiving end of a given channel must be funded at least by the amount of the transfer for a seamless routing. This brings about a serious liquidation shortage if a Bitcoin amount x must be routed through n number of channels. In such a case, not only must the entire route be funded with the amount of 2xn but also each of the locked funds yn on both the receiving and sending ends of the nodes must be greater than or equal to the amount of transfer x (yn ≥ x). 
For example, if Peer A wants to transfer $10 to Peer C and this payment will be routed through Peer B then;
The route A -&gt; B -&gt; C must be funded with at least 2 x 2 x $10 = $40
with the following channel fund distribution:
A -&gt; $10 on sending end (sending to B),
B -&gt; $10 on receiving end (Receiving from A) + $10 on sending end (Sending to C) = $20,
C -&gt; $10 on receiving end (Receiving from B)
It is also critical to mention that this type of routing also requires that each of the peers A, B and C must maintain full Bitcoin nodes at all times that are never allowed to go offline. This requirement is to prevent the so-called fraudulent channel close where one peer (online) broadcasts the entire channel fund to the Bitcoin blockchain without the knowledge of the other (offline). It is also a major issue for user onboarding since opening, maintaining and funding an LN node require a relatively significant amount of technical know-how.  To mitigate this issue, LN is working on so-called “Watchtowers” which are basically third party operators that are responsible for node maintenance. This is a trade-off in LN’s trustless structure in favor of better user experience where receiving parties must trust the watchtower operators with their funds. Another common trade-off is observed in third party products built on top of the LN where custodial wallets are generated on hosted LN nodes where wallet owners trust the third party products with channel liquidity, channel uptime and their funds.
Another shortcoming of the Lightning Network emerges in case of merchant payments where a merchant must keep all of their channels liquid enough to be able to continuously receive payments. If Peer C was a merchant in the above example they would not be able to transfer the $10 they received from A to a non-LN wallet if they wanted to keep receiving payments from the same channel. This problem is exacerbated by the recent beta release of “Lightning Loop” which allows a peer to transfer part of their locked channel funds to another wallet without closing the channel. If Peer C had used Lightning Loop to pull $5 from the channel before the transfer occurred they wouldn’t have been able to receive $10 from Peer A because of insufficient liquidation on their receiving end.
@_date: 2019-06-10 19:18:16
It's great if your current setting with LN works for you. You definitely don't need to use anything else. However, as for "possible" contras, it's a definite contra, not a "possible" one. It's simple math. If one of the routing channels doesn't have enough liquidation on the sending end, you cannot route, period. Just because you haven't experienced such a failure so far, doesn't necessarily mean that you won't in the future. There are a lot of LN users suffering from routing failures.
If you're using the mentioned wallets (BLW, Eclair etc) with your own LN &amp; BTC node without complex routing schemes it shouldn't be a problem as you said. But if you are using hosted nodes it means you are trusting those nodes to provide enough liquidity to those channels.
We built Arf basically for most everyday users who possess neither the acumen nor the time for these specific technicalities. The idea is a product that only needs emails to just work cost efficiently and fast but doesn't have power over your funds.
@_date: 2019-06-10 12:57:55
The business model is to make everything free for the end user (so, we pay network tx fees) and collect fees from merchants paid via Arf Wallet. We are strong believers of "free for end users" thing. It would be exciting if we can pull it off. And we believe we can.
@_date: 2019-06-10 07:28:27
Yes, there is.  Try [Arf]( I'm working in there. We're at the BETA stage. There are no network transaction fees and it's instant. More user-friendly than LN.
@_date: 2019-06-14 11:42:39
It depends on how much speed you need. You can adjust the speed of on-chain transactions with transaction fees but you can never get near instant payment validation like Paypal, Venmo etc. For this kind of speed you need to use a Layer 2 service like the Lightning Network. If LN seems too complicated you can check out the Arf Wallet ( But you should always keep in mind that there are always trade-offs when it comes to speed/fees etc.
@_date: 2019-06-11 11:30:34
That is very true and the bitcoin block real-estate will probably be the most expensive asset in the industry. To offset this spike, Layer 2-3-4... solutions will be abundant. On-chain will probably be reserved for big transactions. (Big as in volume, but also big as in many transactions bundled into a single transaction) Excited to see how it will roll out.
@_date: 2019-06-10 13:54:17
Lightning Network, like any other system are built upon trade-offs and every user needs to be able to live with them. We see the routing system as one of the shortcomings of LN, not from a technical standpoint but rather from a financial one. The routing capability of each lightning channel is determined by the funds locked on-chain by each peer with a significant trade-off which requires that the sending end of a given channel must be funded at least by the amount of the transfer for a seamless one-directional routing. This usually brings about a serious liquidation shortage if a Bitcoin amount m must be routed through n number of channels. In such a case, not only must the entire route be funded with the amount of m x n but also each of the locked funds y(n) on sending ends of the nodes must be greater than or equal to the amount of transfer m x (y(n) ≥ m). For example, if Peer A wants to transfer $10 to Peer C and this payment will be routed through Peer B then;
The route A &gt; B &gt; C must be funded with at least 2 x $10 = $20
with the following channel fund distribution:
A -&gt; $10 on sending end (Sending to B),
B -&gt; $10 on sending end (Sending to C)
If you want a bi-directional routing among A, B and C instead of one-directional the entire route must then be funded by double that amount 2 x m x n
The route A &lt;&gt; B &lt;&gt; C must be funded with at least 2 x 2 x $10 = $40
with the following channel fund distribution:
A -&gt; $10 on sending end (Sending to B),
B -&gt; $10 on sending end (Sending to C) + $10 on sending end (Sending to A) = $20,
C -&gt; $10 on sending end (Sending to B)
It is also critical to mention that this type of routing also requires that each of the peers A, B and C must maintain full Bitcoin nodes at all times that are never allowed to go offline. This requirement is to prevent the so-called fraudulent channel close where one peer (online) broadcasts the entire channel fund to the Bitcoin blockchain without the knowledge of the other (offline). It is also a major issue for user onboarding since opening, maintaining and funding an LN node require a relatively significant amount of technical know-how.  To mitigate this issue, LN is working on so-called “Watchtowers” which are basically third party operators that are responsible for node maintenance. This is a trade-off in LN’s trustless structure in favor of better user experience where receiving parties must trust the watchtower operators with their funds. Another common trade-off is observed in third party products built on top of the LN where custodial wallets are generated on hosted LN nodes where wallet owners trust the third party products with channel liquidity, channel uptime and their funds.
Arf has its own trade-offs obviously. Like deliberated in previous comments, we go for Zero Network Fees + Easy Onboarding + Non-Custodial + Fast Transfer. But we introduce a centralized guarantor, us, in the system which is the trade-off.
@_date: 2019-06-10 12:47:22
The way we do batching is technically difficult and complex because we use non-custodial wallets, so we don't have control over the wallets/funds themselves.
Here is how we do it: We create a 2-of-2 multisignature Native Pay-to-Witness-Script-Hash (P2WSH) address using the user's and our own public key. Then the user signs the raw transaction with signature hash type SIGHASH\_NONE|SIGHASH\_ANYONECANPAY (where single input is signed and all the other inputs and outputs are modifiable) or SIGHASH\_SINGLE|SIGHASH\_ANYONECANPAY (where single input and single output is signed and all the other inputs and outputs are modifiable). After that the user sends the partially-signed raw transaction to Arf to be signed and sent to the Bitcoin network, Arf receives the partially-signed raw transaction, verifies it and queues it for aggregation. Lastly, Arf finalizes the aggregated transaction, adds the required transaction fee based on network conditions, signs it with SIGHASH\_ALL and broadcasts it to the network. Between the time that the users signs the partial transaction and the final aggregated transaction is broadcast, Arf signals the receiving party (merchant or another Arf user) instantly about payment completion and credits that user in the system in an off-chain way. We will make the Github Repo, including iOS &amp; Android native libraries in the very near future. It's an exciting process for us. :)
@_date: 2019-06-07 11:36:15
You can get Bitcoin donations just with your email. Try [Arf]( We'll be at the Beta stage soon. There are no Bitcoin network transaction fees.
@_date: 2019-06-20 11:40:38
 Here's an analysis of Facebook libra protocol and currency   
[