@_author: ruleryak
@_date: 2014-03-06 19:54:23
Read Gavin's post on here: 
He specifically says this:


So that's crystal clear.  He certainly didn't confirm that this random man is Satoshi.
@_date: 2013-10-04 16:17:18
The Bloomberg.com audience in general?  Yeah, they're gladly eating up every piece of misinformation the rag spoon feeds them.
@_date: 2013-12-16 18:12:13
This doesn't really make sense - if you're getting billed $10 for a transaction, you're talking about a roughly $1000 purchase unless you had outrageous fees that you shouldn't accept in the first place.  1% is decent, but many companies go down to fractional percentages now and I've seen companies offering as low as 0.25% permanent rates (meaning you'd be talking about a $4000 purchase).  If you're forcing people to use cash on a $1000 purchase and are just suggesting the use of an ATM (which generally has a $300 per day limit per person) then you're missing out on business whether you want to admit it or not.  Unless whatever you sell is impossible to sell online, people are going elsewhere.
You're intentionally denying access to the entire demographic with zero cash and an available line of credit and if you think everyone on earth has as much available cash as they do credit you're absolutely wrong.
If your products aren't roughly $1000 on average then your example is very misleading.  Basically if you were to pay the ATM fees on any purchase a customer is physically able to fund via an ATM you are paying more than you'd pay a good payment processing company in fees.
Also, if you're doing what you're doing to avoid the possibility of charge backs entirely then you don't seem to have any idea how insanely infrequent that comes up when a business isn't shady.  People don't randomly charge back and the only times I've ever encountered businesses that insisted it was a regular issue the businesses either had defective products, horrific customer service, or some other issue that clearly explained the high rate of upset customers.
Can you honestly answer how many times you've paid a customer's ATM fees for them?  Has it ever actually happened or are you just saying you'd be willing if it ever came up, but that it's never come up?
@_date: 2013-12-17 20:49:21
Wow.  You're quite the rude redditor aren't you?  Looking over your recent post history I notice you're this argumentative pretty much everywhere you post.  Hope you work out your issues some day as you seem to be a genuinely angry person.
I definitely wasn't talking out of my ass.  I've worked with thousands (not an exaggeration or hyperbole) of retailers in pretty much every niche you can imagine over the last decade and was basing my response on my personal experiences helping people that think like you do move on to the real world of 21st century business.  I've worked with dozens of banks and payment processing companies and have aided in the negotiation of rates numerous times.
Anyway, glad to hear you've convinced yourself that math and statistics don't matter at all.  Enjoy continuing to deny services to a huge demographic that has plenty of money to spend.  I'd say hope it works out for you, but you'll tell yourself it is already working no matter what I say so have fun with that.
@_date: 2013-12-18 00:24:55
As much as I'd like to keep this up, I'm out - you win!  No desire to get into name calling and angry typing.