@_author: rundmcarlson
@_date: 2014-03-17 21:17:13
You just don't get it. It doesn't matter if its a knockoff, scam, or literal horse piss. The difference in tech has absolutely no bearing on the argument. Doge is to bitcoin, what bitcoin is to usd. An alternative with less buying power, less accepted locations, and less time on the market. To call it anything 2 months in with any certainty only makes you an ass. I'm not saying its going to be a bitcoin, or anything near it. I'm just saying no one can say it won't work, or that its stupid just because its based on a meme. Look at the success of (insert any shitty pop/rap artist here). They are fucking idiotic and have absolutely no skill or meaning yet they are still successful. Shutting it down because its a meme is just arrogance and jealousy that they are doing so well, so quickly, with such a dumb concept.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:13:03
Gridcoin is interesting. It uses all that wasted hashing power to do scientific and medical calculations, helping advance humanities search for cures for diseases etc. If you are into the whole folding type of stuff, this coin could actually help people while running the network, instead of just heating the hell out of your house.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:54:53
Again, not an intended origination of tipping, just a side effect. Yes it increases adoption because people who get tips are introduced to the community in a fun simple way. However, tipping was not created, and is not perpetuated simply to increase publicity or adoption. 
Also those terms are not anywhere near the same thing, you can market and publicize the hell out of something without anyone adopting it, and you can adopt something without a shred of marketing. I understand where the sentiment comes from though and do agree that they can be related and influence one another. They weren't however, the inspiration for tipping.
Its not arrogant to be correct in an argument. My statements in this topic have been correct. They are historically accurate and backed by countless community posts. Your opinion that the tipping is a cynical way of marketing and nothing more is your opinion. The difference being, that there is no factual proof that this is or has occurred. Yes we believe it has the benefit of increasing adoption, but no, it was not created as such, and is not perpetuated for that reason. Ask any shibe and they will tell you that tipping is for fun.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:10:22
I do tons of important things with my time. I am an engineer specializing in automated systems and robotics. I design and build almost everything I own. I don't spend this much time on the internet usually, but have seem to become stuck on trying to make you see clearly for some unknown reason. You on the other hand have a long record of being on here and arguing everything to death.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:56:37
Its most definitely a waste of time for both of us, but you have lost the original point. A smart person who has the right to tell everyone else what is correct (how you are acting) doesn't spend all day on the internet responding to 100 different people and their opinions. It doesn't make me a hypocrite because I am only answering you and have only been doing so for a small portion of the day, in short segments. I am however, done wasting my time with you, and I am sure you will continue arguing your brains out with everyone here, just proving my argument.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:03:46
His point is that the tech industry is far less predictable for investors than other avenues. Especially companies like google and apple who rely heavily on public opinion and popularity. 
He said bitcoin is not a currency because it relies on the dollar for value, which is also a true statement. Neither has anything to do with the other. Bitcoin doesn't fit the standard definition of a currency, but that doesn't mean it won't or that the definition won't change. At the current moment however, he is right that it isn't technically a currency.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:58:34


Not the point. The point is, if you were part of the doge sub and the bitcoin people were doing this, you would be attacking the bitcoin people. You yourself, admit that both groups do it equally, and it is said many times here that bitcoin people can even be worse, yet you decide to hate the dogecoin people. This is pure hypocrisy. You either hate the preaching behavior and hate both, or you just hate doge for whatever other personal reasons you have. 
Example: I'm being oppressed in my country. The country next to me is also oppressing its people. I hate the government next to me for oppression, but don't fault my own government for it. Make any sense? Of course not. Its hypocrisy 100%. Criticize others but not yourself.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:54:40
Maybe you need to read less of the comments on these posts then. I'm on here all the time and there's hardly ever an op that starts off about doge. Most of the doge talk is in comments, and those people are perfectly entitled to their opinion, just like you are to yours. Difference is, you aren't pissing them off to the point that they have to make threads to complain about it. If a group is bothering you, you need to figure out how to deal with it in a way that stops your irritation. Thats how anger problems work.
@_date: 2014-03-17 20:19:31
No the speed at which transactions are confirmed on the network. The rest of your questions are answered in plain charts on the page I posted. Doge is higher than litecoin in transaction levels, and the usd value is one of the options on the bottom of the chart.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:11:56
Its your responsibility to prove your opinion. You lay a claim against a people, so you must justify your position. You have the burden of proof. You have not done so. The internet is here, and you can look up all the beginning posts and see that your cynical ideas were never mentioned.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:43:03
See your view is an opinion. My statements are correct. You can look through the entire history of doge posts and nowhere has anyone ever said "lets start tipping all the time to gain publicity and marketability". It was simply socially adapted and now is part of the culture.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:40:20
When I say you hate dogecoin, I mean the dogecoin community. You have openly said countless times that you hate the dogecoin community. 


Exactly my point. You lack perspective. Seven hundred people all downvoting and commenting can appear to be the whole sub coming in to attack because most threads only have a few hundred comments. When you say that doge is attacking and downvoting etc., you are only seeing the minority of extremists. Most dogecoin users are not in that minority and keep to themselves in the doge sub. This exact same phenomena occurs in the bitcoin sub, yet you have a self claimed hatred for the dogecoin community.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:23:58
It still isn't mainstream. Mainstream means its widely accepted, known, or used in the eyes of the public. Most "average joes" don't even know what linux is and look at you like some kind of alien when you say it. It is very common in businesses and even considered the go to for most server applications, but it still isn't mainstream. It has  something like 1% of the market. Technically all androids run a linux kernel, but android isn't linux so that doesn't really count. They are seeing a rise now though thanks to steam boxes.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:52:53
No, I said that's how an anger problem works. I know because I have family with anger problems. That is also not an attack but was a piece of advice. You are being irritated by something that, in the grand scheme of things, really isn't a big deal. This irritation is interfering with your happiness. These are signs of anger problems. I didn't attack you and say oh look at your terrible anger problems. I said that you should learn to ignore those types of people or deal with them instead of complaining and working everyone up. I'm done with you because this is a waste of time.
@_date: 2014-03-17 21:45:07
Did you read the rest of the post? That excess security is completely superfluous. If you take a 0 confirmation payment you have absolutely no idea if its legit or not. At least with faster confirmations you can get half or a quarter of a btc confirmation and know its likely legit. Doge is more secure than credit and you use that right now.
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:29:52
Yea but moving a lot of money at once is the same transaction fee as moving a little money at once. A ton of transactions on the network will keep the network alive once all the minable coins run out. A few big timers won't be able to sustain a network without a lot of transactions.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:31:35
I also haven't been commenting on every single reply to the post like you have. I just reply to you from my phone when I get an alert.
@_date: 2014-03-17 21:12:24
The mining rate for perpetuity is 10k coins per block which is basically nothing. The design is supposed to account for lost coins in the network from unused wallets, lost hdd, etc.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:36:46
I sure can, if you can tone down being such an enormous arrogant twat.
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:46:56
Could you have made more obvious statements?
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:04:16
People talk bitcoin in the doge sub all the time. You think gox wasn't all over the doge pages? The coins are related because they both share a form of success and many hold both coin. Their value is tied (at least in one direction) so people who own doge will be commenting on bitcoin when things effect them. I am on this sub all the time and I don't see hardly any op's about doge, only comments, so I don't think its that big of a problem. There are circlejerkers everywhere on reddit, so idk why this sub should be different.
The ASIC problem will never be as bad as it is for bitcoin, because ASIC costs are higher for scrypt and therefore less profitable. It obviously isn't some magical ASIC-free wonderland, but bitcoin will always have it worse, especially since they have a huge head start. Doge is not solely tied to bitcoin's value. The only reason it is tied to btc is the same reason btc is tied to fiat. It isn't trusted to hold value on its own yet because the whole concept is too new for people to put faith in. Many exchanges are moving to usd/doge so doge could very well grow independently of bitcoin. Remember too, that bitcoin was called silly fake internet money at one point and was worth next to nothing. 
Doge will always be tipable. People tip 50-100 doge on the low end right now. If it jumped to 10 times the value, we could still tip without going into fractional amounts like btc. Honestly though, in the doge community they say 1 doge=1 doge so I don't think they will care if its worth more, they will keep tipping until their heads explode.
@_date: 2014-03-17 21:08:08
Point is, you can safely make a payment with doge in a store and be verified way faster than you can with bitcoin. Bitcoin verification is more secure but no one said it was justifiably so. I can dump my entire life and several billion dollars designing a car that goes 400mph, or I could spend all of a month designing a car that goes highway speeds and both will function the same for me because I can only travel at highway speed without getting a ticket. Doge's security level for confirmations is still higher than the process of using a credit card, which is all it needs to be.
@_date: 2014-03-27 17:56:09
Its obvious now that gox is gone. Anyone who was involved with, heard about, or had even the slightest inkling of the mt gox story will never hold in an exchange again. The advice to never risk more than you can lose is obvious and 100 years old. Just because people choose not to listen to the advice, doesn't mean they don't know it. They are just foolish enough or risky enough to ignore it.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:30:19
The op of that post was not pushing doge. He had a legitimate thought that it might help to tip more and everyone in btc shut him down saying tipping doesn't make a difference (which is true in some regard since reddit is isolated). Shibes may have gone on the offensive in the comments, but the op was not pushing doge. Doge was defending itself in the comments. If I made a post about the good of bitcoin in the doge sub, any doge+btc users would comment on it. They may even fight to say why btc is good if it were being attacked by the doge only users.
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:51:49
I would be willing to argue that it already is more than a stupid gimmick. The fund raising rallies of dogecoin have saved thousands of lives and helped humanity. Doge does have a ton of adoption as well. Next to bitcoin, doge has the highest usage of any crypto. Knocking doge means knocking litecoin and all others, because they are underperforming doge. Doge also has the lowest transaction verification time of the 3.
@_date: 2014-10-01 04:20:53
Id say the moon landing is a more powerful image. Also the suffering in various countries during WWII. And maybe, I don't know, A MILLION OTHER THINGS!
@_date: 2014-03-17 16:54:49
In america people who work for tips can be paid less than minimum wage. This is why they are usually tipped automatically, because not tipping them could be the difference between them making a living and not.
@_date: 2014-02-21 18:13:15
I suppose the biggest hit could already be in the current value. 
I am thinking of the effect on the market due to panic though. Not everyone in the game is thinking completely logically about the implications of each event and many just completely lose confidence in the market when they lose a bunch of money (especially unjustly). Any time people don't want to (or can't) reinvest again, the market suffers. If businesses see this as too big a risk, they won't want to be involved as well. The hard part about BTC is that its only worth what we all say it is, so its value can be defined solely by the attitudes towards it.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:10:53
He thought there was value in tipping which doge inarguably does more often than bitcoin. Many people just want btc to be the best at everything as well, so beating doge at tipping would be attractive. Not everything is a doge conspiracy against bitcoin. All the comments were due to the fact that everyone in the btc sub were putting down doge and tipping, which doge people took offense to.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:46:38
Never claimed any of that mr ad hominem. The difference was clearly explained prior. I haven't spent half the time on here that you have. Have fun with your thread.
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:15:51
Not people, business. And yes it does. Big Business will never keep bitcoin over fiat because suppliers, utilities, advertising, and workers don't accept it. Holding it is tying up what would otherwise be usable cash. Everyone in business knows cash now is better than cash later, due to inflation, liquidity and reinvesting. Government regulation and more importantly, forms of insurance and assurance will drive more businesses to accept it. The idea that a currency can't be spent anywhere practical, and could disappear overnight will keep any reputable business away. Government intervention alleviates those problems, which is why the dollar is valued and used. People will do anything they want to and can put hope in. Businesses will only play into things that can statistically benefit them over other options. Bitcoin offers absolutely no benefits over the dollar, (for a business) besides its popularity.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:34:19
Lmao, with the exception of this thread, every single thing we have talked about has been nothing but point for point arguments about the coins and the behaviors of those using them.
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:20:31
The proof is all over the sub and early doge forums. No one intended it to be a marketing ploy.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:53:49
Clever. Its not a fact until you have proven it. I'm done wasting my time with you.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:27:50


This is my point. It doesn't say bitcoin bad. You are only focusing on the part that annoys you, under the guise of evangelism on a whole being bad. There are extremists in both communities. You don't participate in one of them, so you only see the extremists. If you participated in both, you would know that doge is the same as bitcoin in the evangelism regard. In the doge sub everyone is calm and happy and nice, and bitcoiners are coming in and mocking the coin for being a meme, and essentially for not being bitcoin. Like I said earlier, you only hate doge because you aren't a part of it. If you were, you would see that both subs experience the same but opposite effects, and you wouldn't hate an entire community based solely on the extremists, just like you don't hate bitcoin based on its evangelists. Remember too, doge has 70k subscribers. If even a tenth of a percent of them come over to bitcoin it will seem like a flood of people.
@_date: 2014-03-17 21:42:42
I'm not a doger dickfuck. I'm just someone who can't stand all the idiotic troll behavior that goes on here about every other crypto. I hold almost all my crypto in btc but have some in doge, vert, and ltc because they have potential. I didn't mean shutting it down as in stopping its trade, I mean shutting it down like putting it down, which is exactly what you are doing. Its stupid and you see no value in it. Thats because you apparently lack the ability to read written word and properly comprehend it. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:41:03
Holding both currencies, I think attitudes like this are one of the biggest problems with bitcoin. Keep your head in the sand and just hold onto the coin, despite its entire existence being dependent on how often it is traded. Doge is so frequently traded, fund raised, and spent because doge users understand that high transaction volume is essential for a crypto once the minable coins dry up. Transaction fees will be the only incentive left for miners, (who are the only ones keeping the network running) and if there aren't many transactions, there won't be many miners, which causes everything to fail. People who hold it do care about the price, but are willing to spend it in small amounts because they know its healthier for the coin. There are many people who do hold doge as well. Beyond all of this, big companies who will keep these coins alive want to be a part of something they know people will actually spend with them. Holding bitcoin does not provide incentive for big business to accept it. Spending it does. Many people in the bitcoin space understand this and do it on a regular basis. Do you hold onto your fiat money and hope it will gain value, or do you spend it? 
I also feel compelled to note that you must be a very clever individual. Besides having a clear lack of understanding for the basic principles of something you have invested money into, that dog shit comment really had a lot of thought put into it. It wasn't merely placing the word shit after the face of the currency. I think better insults have been formed on 3rd grade playgrounds for the mentally handicapped. Typically you shouldnt use similar words too close together. It makes it seem that your vocabulary is too limited to use more diverse language.
@_date: 2014-03-17 20:54:17
It is for all arguments made against it. Saying it doesn't have the same amount of places to spend it is the exact same argument. It has nothing to do with the difference in tech. Bitcoin is in more places because its been around longer. Period. Doge has almost as large a following in a few month's time, and is already getting into retailers, has an ATM, and has tons of online stores that accept it. Bitcoin is much younger than the dollar, in much less places than the dollar, and trades in much lower volume than the dollar. Doge is the same to bitcoin, except the volume isn't as much of a gap.
@_date: 2014-02-21 18:13:36
I don't mean to sound like I am arguing either, just pointing out some other sides to it.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:18:17
You admit in the op that bitcoiners do this too, so why single out doge and hate the doge community over it. You only hate doge because you aren't part of it. You should hate both of them or neither of them if they both have the same issues.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:50:28


Your personal opinion. Not an arguing point. I said it COULD grow independently, not it will. Regardless of how you feel, it still can, and thats still a reason why people use it.


Again, it does bring something new to the table, because it has a completely different scale and difficulty, based on a different network. A network that some find more appealing.


Unlike btc, doge is being treated exactly like a crypt should, as a crypto. Its not a stock to be invested in, or a vessel to scheme more usd, its a currency. BTC is the one that isn't being treated like real money, its being treated like gold or stocks, which are not money, but value represented in terms of money. Gold is only ever worth something if you can trade it for cash (or use it mechanically, which bitcoin can't do).


Are you fuckin retarded? What part of the sentence "If it jumped to 10 times the value, we could still tip without going into fractional amounts" makes you conclude that we would be dealing in fractional amounts? Thats the point. Even at 10 times the value we WON'T be using fractions, which is the desired behavior.


I love how smart you think you are. If you are so smart, why do you spend all day on reddit instead of doing something important with your time? You just know everything and are here to help us all see the light. How touching. You have no idea how tipping will be effected if doge were to go to $1 (which will likely never happen, because thats an insane market cap). People tip in fractions on bitcoin, but the reason they don't do it often is because of the community. Everything you seem to hate about doge is the reason people tip. If its worth more money, tips will be smaller, but never less frequent. People tip because its fun to them, not because they don't care about the money. Everyone in the sub cares about the money and how much doge is worth, they just have fun tipping, and tip frequently. Some tip 25 cents, some tip 10 dollars worth. I regularly see people throw around 1000's of doge in tips, and regularly see people throw 50. The tipping is social, and everyone tips what they can afford. Value won't change that because everyone is already tipping what they can afford. Tipping less amounts will still be appealing because people that have nothing or next to nothing are glad to get something, and in turn love to give that something back to others when they can.
@_date: 2014-02-21 18:03:41
I did say that in the long run it will come back, but everyone is acting as if shutting down, or coming back will save the value of BTC. Initially (and probably for at least a few weeks) the result of either will be negative.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:07:49
Im a bitcoiner first and always brocef. You are the one who has been namecalling and condescending to me in all the other threads we are arguing in. I thought I'd return the favor.
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:06:06
I hope you realize that the only way to get companies to keep bitcoin and accept it as a currency is through government intervention. If businesses can't feel secure about their holdings they will always dump coin straight back to fiat, and suppliers, advertisers, and other backend businesses will never accept the currency, which worsens the situation. Unfortunately, the evil government does bring something to the table in this situation.
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:54:56
I'm not saying spending is the only thing, I'm just saying that it is something to consider. Everyone seems to be mocking the idea of spending btc, even though that is exactly what keeps it alive, inspires businesses to accept it, and gains new users. My point is only that spending btc isn't a fruitless practice, and does help grow the community.
@_date: 2014-03-17 20:50:25
Transaction levels for litecoin are 10k, 17k for doge, which is more than 50% higher.
A transaction is defined as 6 peer confirmations for both coins in that diagram, which makes the scales equal, and doge takes less than half the time as ltc, 1/7th the time of btc.
Sent in USD is nearly equal right now. Market cap and price per coin are directly tied because doge has more coins, so they are only one metric. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:22:17
I am part of the IT world as well, which is the only reason I argued about it. Most people don't have a clue in hell what linux is, let alone that its being used to power all their stupidly named tech, like "the cloud"
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:00:43
Yes in the business world or IT world, which are sections of the mainstream lol. Everything is mainstream when isolated down to a small enough group. No one said it wanted to be, you just said it was, which by the definition of the word, it isn't.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:15:53
I was arguing logical points when YOU called me condescending. Since YOU shifted the topic to perceived character flaws, I responded with my analysis of your character. It had nothing to do with the previous arguments and was instigated by you. Those comments hold no bearing on my logical arguments above.
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:24:02
Look it up yourself. Itd only ad hominem if it is an attempt to discredit you or your opinions. It is not that. It is solely my opinion of your behavior. I'm not butthurt over doge. I just don't like you personally. You hate evangelism, yet here you are going on a crusade of your own. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:13:50
Exactly my point. You are just spreading hate and bad mouthing entire organizations based on your personal experience without taking all factors into consideration.
@_date: 2014-03-18 05:16:24
Sorry we all forgot that reddit and the internet are here to serve your needs and be exactly what you want. Fuck everyone else right? It bothers you so all the dual holders should just fuck off and let you talk shit about them.
@_date: 2014-04-24 14:01:23
Nothing about this is illegal in the country it happened in so I am not sure why it has this title.
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:25:55
Actually, based on the way bitcoin works, spending it is essential to its existence. Once all coins are mined, the only incentive for miners to keep mining is transaction fees. Without large amounts of transactions, the fees will not be frequent enough for miners to make more than their electric bill. The existence of other coin also poses a threat, because anyone with half a brain will jump ship to mine another currency for the higher profit of getting coin rewards instead of transaction fees. If you guys don't reach a high enough transaction rate, these gigahashes of processing will disappear and transactions will take forever or not happen. It could effectively bring the entire network to a halt. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 18:05:02
I can agree with that. I think some people get too overzealous with trying to boost value, many who don't even understand the basics of the coin. I see this a lot at the doge sub. Many people try to just shout words to excite people and think it will help, but they are just creating noise. I'm new to Reddit but it seems to get very preachy, and people like to tell everyone else what to do.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:47:41
Yes it does, but you say you hate a group of people for a behavior but don't hate another group for the same behavior. This is my point. I understand you don't like the preaching, no matter where it originates or occurs, but that's not what you have been sharing with anyone who will listen. What you have been sharing is that the dogecoin community is bad and you hate them.
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:21:34
Thats not how I take it. You blatantly said you hate the dogecoin community and you have also said verbatim that the community is bad.
@_date: 2014-03-18 05:30:35
Based on your attitude, and repeated attacks on doge, it would seem that dogecoiners are more defending themselves from your put downs than actually evangelizing. Like it or not, a lot of people use both coins and sub to both subs. If someone is arrogantly saying doge has absolutely no point or value, people are going to defend their viewpoint. There is a lot of incentive to use doge if you are a miner, because you don't need $50k in ASIC's to actually earn. There is value in having a coin that is new and trades in very small value/unit. A coin like doge has potential to grow by a factor of ten. Bitcoin doesn't have a realistic potential to do so at the moment. 
@_date: 2014-03-17 17:21:01
Great point. These threads can become circlejerks pretty quickly. Beat down all other cryptos because they are to you, what you are to the dollar. This puts things in perspective a bit. I want to see what happens when mining completely ends for bitcoin, and all these huge mining farms can't earn more than electric costs. No one seems to factor that into the equation because they hope there is enough transaction volume by that time, but in reality, doge is the highest in the market in transaction volume, which will ensure it holds strong once no new coins can be mined.
@_date: 2014-03-18 19:50:03
My point is just that you wasted a ton of time here and I didn't, which is a reason why its not hypocrisy.
@_date: 2014-03-17 18:58:02
Doge was the most used crypto, now its second to bitcoin, but its still the most used alt. It has lower difficulty, similar hashrate, more transactions, similar usd spending value, and faster confirmation time than litecoin. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 01:47:19
Compared to 100 billion already mined coins. Thats only 5% which could easily be lost, and is around the same rate of inflation of standard fiat. Of course, each year the inflation rate would decrease because of the coins added previously.
@_date: 2014-03-18 20:49:14
Just google the name of the coin and their site will come up first with all their info
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:24:27
For some reason those signs make me think of the bioshock infinite fairgrounds.
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:19:35
Its my day off, and the only time I have been on this much ever.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:45:18
I didn't insist, I remarked once as an aside. I also do believe you to be arrogant, and that you have been behaving like a twat, which is why I said those things. Its not an empty insult thrown around, its a critique on your behavior throughout the sub and your mostly ludicrous opinions both here, and all around reddit.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:32:31
It isn't a ploy to dogecoin people. Its a fun way to say thanks to people. Even if it has become what doge is known for, no one started it to get publicity, and people don't continue to do it for attention for the coin. They do it because its fun, and a small step above upvotes. The fact that its sub penny values doesn't matter, because to a doge, 1 doge=1 doge. Even if they can never use them to get USD, I think doge will continue to be its own ecosystem because of this. Even if it just remains a silly tipping currency on reddit. Tipping has become a social behavior, like earning points in a game, not a monetary decision.
@_date: 2015-01-15 02:35:10
How original