@_author: runnnnnnnnnn
@_date: 2013-03-07 19:29:36
And yet a bitcoins value is determined by that unbacked money. In this thread, people talk about losing real money when they sold off their bitcoins. One guy even talks about earning enough bitcoins to pay for his vid card and make $100 real currency as profit. The value of a bitcoin is backed by the value of the real currency you claim has no value... When it is not tied to a dollar amount, then it is a currency. If everyone sold off their bitcoins the value of them would decline and the people who paid real money to buy them would be left with near worthless bitcoins. Businesses would stop accepting them because they couldnt be redeemed for a cash value. Bitcoins are wooden nickels with cash backing.
If you have thousands of bitcoins but the value is equivalent to $2 dollars, you might be able to use bitcoins at some stores online, but they will only sell you $2 dollars worth of stuff.
@_date: 2013-11-27 18:47:27
When something appears smart in hindsight, that doesn't mean it was a smart idea in the first place.
There was no intelligent reasoning behind investing in bitcoin when it was cheap.  Just because you "believe" in it doesn't make it a smart choice.  Let's not go into all the reasons bitcoin is still an absurd investment strategy unless, as you say, you really believe in its long term potential.  A belief that is based on hopes and confirmation bias rather than anything logical.  Bitcoin is ripe for gaming.  A lot of people are gonna lose their asses on bitcoins because of their "beliefs".
Maybe you can explain how its upside is worth the financial risk for serious investors with serious capital. I'm not talking about the handful of wealthy eccentrics and a bunch of folks who either mined it early, or bought early and really want others to board the crazy train with them.  If I have a bunch of stock, hell Yea I'm telling others to invest!  Shoot that price sky high by having a bunch of people buy bits of bitcoins while the real stake holders just wait to collect on everyone else's idiotic investment. Everyone that is buying pieces of bitcoins right now, I don't see how they aren't going to get fucked by the major stake holders.  Its not a smart investment.  Stop lying to yourself.  Its risky, and stupid, but it might pay off.  That's as good as it gets.
People who say we told you so, and feel like bitcoin is "taking off" are ridiculous.  Nobody told anybody anything.  Some people *guessed* at what bitcoin would do, and they still are.  There is still a long way for bitcoins to go before anyone can legitimately say I told you so.  Right now its just a risky investment.  Nothing smart about that at all.  You people are hoping to get lucky, and if it doesn't pan out no one will admit they were wrong, they will simply disappear.  But if it does pan out they will loudly proclaim how correct they are.
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:44:22
It doesn't matter.  Don't try logic.  BTC is the future of currency for these folks and nothing will convince them otherwise.  Hell, BTC is trading at nearly the value of Google and I'm sure many people think that's perfectly rational and not a sign of horribly artificial inflation and a volatile market that is ripe for gaming.
@_date: 2013-03-07 21:25:33
Im not disagreeing that bitcoin does have value and fills a role, but without collateral to back it, its simply not a stand alone currency and is dependent on the value of the currency that has been claimed to not have value.  Bitcoins uniqueness is a contributing factor as to why it is worth real world money.
As far as government currencies not being backed by collateral, that's clearly a fallacy.  They may assign an inappropriate value to the currency, but all of the currency in the US can be traded for government held gold.  You may argue that the amount of dollars that you could turn in is way more in written value than what you would get in return for collateral, but it is still backed by that collateral.  The only collateral backing bitcoin is real money.  The value of bitcoin is based on how much people are willing to back it with real currency in order to make use of its unique qualities.
@_date: 2013-03-07 20:51:48
Currencies are backed by government assurance that their currency is valid for all debts and that they have collateral to back that up.
Bitcoin does not have that, it has its backing in real world currency. I know this is an unpopular opinion around here, but that's the reality.
Its functional as an online currency only to the extent that it can be traded for real world currency.
Converting dollar to euros is not the same thing at all. If the American dollar was *only* valuable because it could be traded for euros or other currency, it would be the same thing. That's not the case. Each countries currency, while tied together, is valid within that country on government backing. Again, bitcoin has no backing and is supported entirely due to dollar value. Companies could easily say bitcoin is not accepted. In the united states anyway, legally recognized currency must be accepted as payment for debts. Companies accept bitcoin on the grounds that they can get dollars for them. Nobody takes dollars on the grounds they can get euros or any other international currency for them.
As far as selling off dollars, you are simply wrong. If everyone went and "sold" their dollars in exchange for euros, the dollar would still have value, and the US government would owe whoever owns those dollars their equivalent in collateral. This is not the same for bitcoins. If everyone sells all their bitcoins to one person, that person would have a bunch of bitcoins and no collateral to trade it in for because it would no longer be worth real world currency outside of an arbitrary value assigned by the holder of the bitcoins, which would certainly be rejected as they have no collateral to back up their valuation. The same real world currency they would have had to spend to buy them would not be the end value. It would be a major loss for the buyer.
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:39:41
They are currently trading at nearly the value of Google stock.    You feel like a dumbass for not investing in one of the most volatile and instable forms of currency because it's high for the moment?  I would say anyone who did invest made a risky investment, not one of intelligence.