@_author: runnyki
@_date: 2014-11-28 14:29:40
I hope thats the case, but I don't see it. Anything that is finite will run into the problems of supply and demand. I mean, a total of 21 million bitcoins means that if the entire US were to adopt BTC as currency, there'd be 0.07 BTC for every individual (21 / 316).  
"People will hold bitcoin, causing its value to go up. This will throttle the economy as less money is invested in business, which will cause the value of bitcoin to stop going up".
If the buying power of something is increasing, that just means you need to spend less of it - business are still invested in, but if there is a short supply of money, then less of the currency (that has greater value) will be invested, further driving the value of the currency up. 
If you have something you know will be worth more tomorrow, then you'll spend less of it today.... on anything. If you are going to invest in something, and they think they need 200 BTC, you may invest 175 if you know that in a year those 175 are going to be worth 200. The economy doesn't get throttled... the only thing that gets throttled is the amount of currency moving around.  
"The currency value reflects the value of the economy. " 
Erm...... I don't buy it. I can't pick it apart right now but i just seems wrong. 
"Deflation isn't a problem because people will always buy living essentials."
Yes, people will always buy living essentials but that has nothing to do with preventing deflation.... aight, lemme fire up Libre and draft this propery....
People need toilet paper, so Bob decides to build a toilet paper factory. He proposes this to some people that have some BTC. Bob has done the math, and he thinks he needs 3000 BTC. The investors speculate that BTC will continue its trend of increasing in value, so they decide to invest 2500 BTC into Bobs factory. 
Bob takes the deal, because its hard to find investors, because people are saving. 
So now Bob has 2500 BTC. So across the board, he has to cut 17% off everything. The machine the rolls the paper onto the tube? He had budgeted 500 BTC, but now he needs to get one for 415. 
Jane builds toilet paper rollers. She thinks they are worth 500 BTC – indeed, thats how Bob got the price for his budget. But Jane can't get anyone to buy her machine at 500 BTC, because its nothing but Bobs out there that only have 415 BTC to buy a machine with. 
So Jane agrees to build the machine for 415. Lets just assume (for simplicities sake) that the chain stops here, and Jane's machine really cost 405 to make – she was just hoping for crazy profits. So now instead of taking home 95 BTC, she'll take home 10 BTC. 
Okay, so this happens all over the board, and Bob is able to put together his factory. Now he has to buy pulp to make the TP with. Again, here he's going to try to get the most he can with his limited amount of BTC, so where he had planned on getting 500 BTC worth of pulp, he now only has 415 to get that amount with – and he needs that amount to break even on the plant based on the current prices of TP. So he finds Walter, a pulp supplier, willing to sell for 415. So now that commodity – trees that are turned into toilet paper – now has a value of 415 BTC. 
So the pulp supplier ends up not being able to hire more people.
So Bob build his factory for 2500 BTC and he's making TP, so now it comes to pricing his TP.  
Essentially, because Jane and Walter had goods that they needed to sell, and Bob was the only buyer, they sold their goods at the price that Bob could afford. So now Bob can sell his TP for less than his competitors price and still have a good profit margin. Lucky for Jane, cause she only took home 10 BTC, but now her BTC can buy more TP because Bobs TP is cheaper. 
Bobs lower TP price will then cause his competitors to try and slash prices, so they will try to source their material for cheaper, so they'll all go to Walter and try to get that price because Walters somehow able to do it, and this will force the other pulp makers to sell at 415.... blah blah blah.
It all starts with the investors deciding to hold on to some of their BTC because the buying power of BTC has been on an upward trend. And the investors can be anyone – it could've been crowdsourced. Thats where a currency gets its value – by the people using it. 
" It just gives them an incentive to save. "
What the hell is point in saving? Money is not meant to be saved - its meant to be turned into something real. Its meant to be a temporary store of value so you can transform one thing into another. So you can turn your time into electricity. 
"The currency value reflects the value of the economy. "
I've also had some thoughts that any crypto will eventually have its value tied to the energy needed to crunch a transaction. It already kind of is tied to the price of energy, it will just be interesting when crypto is the only currency. The transaction fees that will eventually be the fuel for the network will have to be able to cover the cost of hashing.  
And as the difficulty rises, it will eventually cost more to hash a transaction. So in this sense, the network may have a built in deflation deterrant. Essentially, it will cost more for you to send money tomorrow than it costs to send today.
However, this could have the effect of suppressing the movement of money.
interesting. Anyone got any thoughts? I think I've taken this thought train as far as I can push it this morning. 
@_date: 2014-11-28 02:55:52
5 BTC? Thats an expensive night! Maybe some monero, but jeeeez. 
@_date: 2014-11-28 20:09:11
as usual, seems I'm late to the party and this has been thoroughly discussed at bitcointalk.org.
Bitcoin is deflationary by design
@_date: 2014-12-03 13:04:09
A completely decentralized lending network to remove bankers completely from the equation.
Algorithm FTW!
@_date: 2015-01-02 04:54:29
I agree  - the traceability of bitcoin is not good. 
there are other coins out there, monero in particular is my favorite of the stealth coins that will approximate "cash" as opposed to the transaction ledger that is bitcoin.
as said below, it is uncertain whether any coin can be completely private, but various technologies (either fancy bitcoin wallets or an altcoin) can make them more private than straight up bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-02-07 04:10:04
Seriously. Monero. Yes, bitcoins are traceable. Old news. Unfortunately the truly private cryptocurrencies, like monero, can't go from cryptocurrency -&gt; fiat and back again. Best course of action is USd -&gt; circle/coinbase -&gt; bitcoin -&gt; exchange -&gt; monero -&gt; bitcoin -&gt; then wherever you want. 
But if you can manage to exchange in monero, then there's a leg off that transaction nightmare. 