@_author: runvnc
@_date: 2018-01-11 08:47:58
If a country actually did ban Bitcoin, what other countries would be the easiest to emigrate to?
@_date: 2015-12-13 18:07:32
You left out the biggest factor, which everyone is discounting: the fact that any of these changes requires updating the codebases of hundreds of projects that are all trying to keep up with bitcoin core.
The thing that people don't realize is that it doesn't have to be this way.  There is an alternative to the old RFC (BIP) distribution and manual re-implementation of protocols.  That alternative is a common platform.
So for bitcoin to be able to evolve to keep up with all of these great ideas, it needs to be distributed as code in a common platform.  One possible option for that would be web assembly.  Web assembly is actually a general purpose abstract syntax tree which can represent any statically-compiled language (and less easily, dynamic languages).  Combining web assembly with semantic versioning and a modules registry similar to npm would allow protocol improvements to be distributed as modules.  This would mean rather than having a few hundred or thousand coders solving the same implementation problems thousands of times over, they would just pull in the new version or features as modules. 
@_date: 2014-09-30 05:38:26
Are you sure you're not retarded?
@_date: 2015-01-12 22:46:18
The widely popularized terrorist attacks are almost always false-flag attacks.  This is called propaganda.
A state that attempts to revoke the natural human right to privacy forfeits its authority.
@_date: 2015-01-12 22:47:06
He is a tool in that he is used by the ruling class.
@_date: 2015-08-25 22:12:04
What I see is a whole lot of Marxism or techno-Marxism on one side and a whole lot of capitalists or techno-capitalists on the other.  What I don't see is many people integrating information from both viewpoints to synthesize new systems.  Or learning from past experiments.
The biggest issue that happens with both competitive and cooperative systems is over-centralization.  Bitcoin is a starting point for addressing that.
I think that capitalists and communists (let's just call it what it is, good-ole contemporary American communism) both have important goals.  In order to accomplish all of them we are going to need to:
* better integrate technology into our social, scientific, and economic systems
* integrate physical/environmental and social measurements and science into economics
* adopt contemporary, humane and non-elitist belief systems
* integrate goals for human equality, freedom, and environmental health into automated feedback systems
* do all of this in a dynamic, diverse and distributed manner by relying on flexible core meta-languages, protocols, and information capture/exchange rather than centralized or uniform design.
@_date: 2015-07-05 21:40:34
My suggestion is to find a locale physically outside of Greece but nearby, and start accepting bitcoin payments for goods to be shipped into Greece.  That will help make bitcoin viable.
Or just send greeks euros for bitcoins.
@_date: 2019-04-26 00:23:16
Well if you read the NY filing there are supposed communications between a Bitfinex exec and a Crypto Capital exec where they were begging Crypto Capital to release money.  According to your theory, those communications were faked?  Or someone on one side of the communication was just lying and the other guy was in the dark.
@_date: 2015-09-14 07:26:58
Here is my idea: I think basically what he said was there needs to be some increase but that isn't really going to solve it in the long run.  So I say, do a small increase ASAP to take some of the pressure off and make it small so its easy to sell to the community, but after that,  you need a new mechanism.  I think the new thing can't be a major change to the existing algorithm because people won't accept it.  But you could _add_ another type of 'quick bitcoin' or qbtc that is built on top of normal bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-09-14 01:26:38
My suggestion is that in order to maintain bitcoin's momentum and brand dominance/community/network etc, you name it sonething like Quick Bitcoin or qbtc.
@_date: 2015-09-19 01:26:40
I think that makes the most sense.  A long term solution is a major change.  In the short term they can probably get people to go along with a small increase and that will make a difference in terms of having more time to test major new systems.
I think that one thing people haven't focused on is the branding and integration of the new system.  For example I don't think they can call it Lightening Network.  I think at some level a new system needs to be called 'bitcoin' or 'bitcoin something' otherwise people won't accept it.
@_date: 2015-09-19 01:48:30
Or Quick/Lightening whatever at long as it still has bitcoin in the name.  Or ideally its just bitcoin and becomes a technical detail or something that only bitcoin nerds ask about whether it was lightening or normal bitcoin.  But it probably has to be technically a new thing built on top of normal bitcoin because otherwise bitcoin people probably won't accept it since it will be so different.
@_date: 2015-09-15 05:29:12
I know things could turn out badly.  I don't diserve your disrespect.  I understand what's at stake.
If there is a big problem, it needs to be addressed.  The people addressing it are the leaders.  Its natural to try to hide your head and pretend there is no serious problem, since most people just follow the herd.
There's a reason we have forks.  Actually, its too bad all aspects of our society can't be forked.
You need your captains to have balls, and big risks like massive scaling issues require major (slightly risky) changes to address them.
@_date: 2015-09-14 03:32:19
Quick bitcoin, built on top of bitcoin.  Maybe automatically bundling bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2015-09-14 20:28:19
As a Node.js developer, the situation with the Bitcoin XT fork looks dramatically similar to the one that occurred with io.js and Node.js.
With Node.js, significant changes to core stagnated after Isaac Z. Schlueter left.  There were probably a number of reasons for this, but it came down to what the new core was willing and able to pull.
Exactly what has happened with Bitcoin dev I don't know, but when I look at the series of patches on Bitcoin XT's page it reminds me a lot of the significant improvements that came out in io.js.  I think one reason the improvements weren't accepted initially into the main repo was that they were just too significant -- upgrading major V8 versions with changes to the language spec etc.
But that is what it took to move Node.js forward and the fork was massively successful.  It has now been merged back in, and has vastly improved Node.
The idea of BIPs is interesting and very noble but it seems like its sort of abandoning pull requests and source code collaboration for committees and bureaucracy.  
Anyway I support the hard fork.
@_date: 2015-09-15 04:21:25
Wow 3.5 whole billion?  Node is used at Uber, Walmart, Netflix, LinkedIn.  Don't those companies have something on the line?
The fork isn't going to cause a split network and double spending and theft.  That's not how bticoin or forks work.  I know enough to know that.
The goal is to move the development forward.
@_date: 2016-05-05 23:28:00
He is amazing but I think the cult of personality thing is a big problem actually.  There are a ton of great thinkers and great ideas in these fields.  The hard part is really in working together to try to keep society up-to-date with the good ideas.  And actually society is still lagging far behind the ideas from a few years ago.
@_date: 2015-10-27 03:23:07
The situation generalizes to governance and further to anywhere society meets technology.
Everyone is invested in bitcoin.  The bitcoin as it is now.  Not some other guy's version of bitcoin.  Not a fork of bitcoin.  Not the next version of bitcoin. And if you try to change anything fundamental, then everyone's business model is threatened.  And it could take months for them to upgrade their own systems.
It could be worse.  We could be talking about evolving an even more fundamental and physical technology.  Like moving from the massive fossil fuel industries to more sustainable energy sources.
The nice thing about bitcoin is that it shows we can insert information technology as a core regulator in social interaction.  That is a huge step because it means that social organization is now an information technology (to the degree that bitcoin and like technologies are actually adopted).
But the old problems of technology integration hold back bitcoin (like many other technologies).  Its not that we can't find technical solutions.  We have lots of them.  The bottleneck is people, and non-technological decision making, implementation, and communication.
We do have efficient ways to evolve systems.  It starts by adopting a technical approach and a common platform.  There have been lots of attempts, such as Java, the CLR, and now HTML5/JavaScript.  I am hoping actually something like bitcoin could become popular but based on web assembly, so we could have like an npm for blockchain/other stuff, and just include the core modules we need.  If someone publishes an improved version to the registry it would be instantly able to be pulled in and used (from many programming languages and platforms) if it was better.  If there is an upgrade to a core protocol, everyone just pulls the new version.
The way we integrate applications now and generally make common APIs is something like REST which is really not a very semantic or deep way to integrate, and relying on that and text documents like BIPs or RFCs to specify interfaces and implementation etc. means that people have to do quite a lot of basic translation work from natural language into many different programming languages etc., which ends up repeating quite a lot of effort and is very slow and prone to error.  And the massive stakes and effort required to change/adapt can make the Party of [insert technology standard] ever more authoritarian or at least stagnant as time goes on.  That would change dramatically if we had the system I just proposed.
@_date: 2016-05-05 23:46:02
JVP always wears that type of outfit with the hat.  Honestly maybe I have seen too many movies but this whole thing seems like some kind of series of scenes from a movie.  The hat seems like a costume.  And they always cast someone with an accent for the part of the smart guy.  The dialogue from that interview is so over the top it probably would be dropped by most movie directors.
Maybe a bunch of them work for the CIA and are just trying to make Bitcoin look bad.
@_date: 2016-05-05 23:22:23
Just because _you_ can't understand his blog posts or his goals doesn't mean they are obfuscated or that _he_ doesn't understand them.
Also, where do you think all of the existing words came from?  Smart people.  Like Vitalik.
I recommend you try harder and read all the way to the end of the next blog post.  You can do it.