@_author: ruralflush
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:54:02
Stop crying about insider trading.  Who are the victims?
Also, by design, it is an unregulated (sort of) anonymous currency.  FFS.
(I own zero BCH.)
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:35:01
The people (idiots) who *knowingly* and *willingly* exchanged them at that rate, right?
Or were people forced to make those terrible trades?  I’m against anyone being forced to do something like that. No sympathy for poor decisions. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:48:37
They should be fair to help grow their business. 
But reading this forum had me believing that BCH was going to crater as soon as people at Coinbase could access their BCH coins and sell them for BTC. 
Insider information helps certain people get ahead of a move. But I don’t think it was clear which way the move would be. Yes, Coinbase could have advertised it better. But it was 12 days early. It’s not like they said “we’re never going to offer BCH” and then added the exchange the next day. 
@_date: 2017-12-29 16:46:17
The long-term folks don't care about 90% of the stuff on here.  They don't care if the price over the next month goes to $10k or $20k.  Literally.  They won't post about it and won't lose sleep over it.
They believe in the long-term value.  They believe in the tech.  They didn't get into this to get rich... it happens to have made them rich (on paper) but they're still not selling because they believe even more in the technology today than they did 1 or 2 or 5 years ago.
They're excited about Lightning Network.  They realize they could have expanded the blockchain and cut out some chatter and reduced fees for a few months, but again, they're not worried about the next couple of months.  They're worried about what this looks like in 5, 10 years.
Their advice is generally:  Don't put more in than you can afford to lose.  Buy it for the long term and because you believe in the tech and want to be on the forefront of it.  It will most likely (in their opinion) be worth more in 5 years than it is today, but it will be a wild ride... as it always has been.  If they got as worked up about price swings as people on this sub, they'd be dead from a heart attack 5 years ago.
It's all big picture:  Read up on Lightning network.  Help adoption when/where you can.  Keep informed on government regulations.  Put your coins on a hardware wallet and there's no need to be checking the price like a monkey for the next 10 years you'll be hodling.
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:12:22
Just remember that Apple didn't make the first MP3 player and never made the best MP3 player.  But they were much better at marketing and became the industry standard.
BTC needs it's own "Roger Ver" and needs to get out selling and promoting.  And I'm not a technical guy so I'll stay out of MOST of the blockchain debates.  But the business-guy side of me hears the programmers say that expanding it "will only buy us a couple months of affordable fees," my response is, "those could be a crucial couple of months."
(I own only BTC and LTC and got into cryptos post-BCH fork.  So I've never owned any BCH.  Love him or hate him, you have to realize Ver is a business and marketing pro.  When I first got into this, I was looking for places to buy BCH but couldn't find it on any easy US exchanges.  I'm not buying it right now... want to see where the price shakes out, before MAYBE buying some.)
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:27:21
What did they do?  Opened trading 12 days early?
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:41:21
I upvoted because Lightning Network can't get here fast enough.
I also only hold BTC, but worry that they're losing the messaging game to BCH.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:35:22
A reasonable question and some levelheaded answers!  On Reddit!
There was debate on how to best spread the usage of Bitcoin to the masses - to spread its usage and adoption, and therefore, increase its value.  The biggest problem with Bitcoin (Core) - which is still the biggest issue - is that the fees are too high and the speed too slow to be usable in everyday life.  (Think, people in Venezuela trying to buy groceries.)  Everyone agreed that it needed to be fixed.  But how?  This is where the split came in.
Bitcoin Cash expanded the blockchain and succeeded in reducing fees and increasing transaction speeds.  They solved the problem - immediately - in the near term.  But...
Bitcoin (core) developers believe that expanding the blockchain is only a patch that will solve the issues in the short-term but is not a long-term solution.  They went with SegWit and plan to implement Lightning Network sometime in the future.
The funny thing is that these are baby steps in what will (hopefully) be long lives for the currencies.  It wouldn't be a shock in, say, 2 years, to see Bitcoin Core adopt bigger blockchains (like Bitcoin Cash) and for Bitcoin Cash to implement a Lightning Network or something similar (like Bitcoin Core).
The whole argument is about timing and order and which is better.  The market will tell us which is better based on which one is worth more.  Bitcoin Core had a nice headstart and is much more valuable, so some people are betting on its continued success.  Bitcoin Cash isn't having the speed/fees issues right now and is better at promotion and spreading its selling points, so it has started to close the gap in value, though there still IS a considerable gap.
Long term - who knows what will happen. I think an instructive example is to look at the debates in the 1880s between Thomas Edison and Nikola Tesla about whether direct current (DC) or alternating current (AC) would be better. The market eventually ended up going with AC, but to this day, there are still people who think that DC was far superior and that the AC people were short-sighted.
So one of these sides could be "right" in a technical sense and still lose the debate when the market speaks. You've got to follow not only the technical specs, but also the personalities and media response to both.
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:17:05
Who determines that?
@_date: 2018-08-16 04:03:08
Just read this thread.  It's funny to read it and see two people who basically agree on the issue, but u/Nunoyabiznes is misunderstanding  u/Pijade and telling him he's wrong... when they're saying the same thing.
HOWEVER, it's very enlightening to look at something like this from the other viewpoint.  
If you're willing to give it a shot, and trust me on blind faith - for just a minute! - that u/Pijade is correct too, it will be enlightening!  You're just looking at the same object from a different viewpoint.
Here we go!
Back to the beginning...  The US owned gold.  They then issued currency, redeemable for gold.  We'll say they issued $100 (to keep the numbers manageable).  The US had $100 of assets (gold) and $100 of debt (bills in circulation that were redeemable for gold).  Note here:  "debt" is the dollar bills issued, not any sort of bond.
Then the country went off the gold standard.  They no longer had to give gold when dollars were redeemed, so they removed that text from the front of the dollar bill.  Now it just says, "This note is legal tender for all debts, public and private."  
The only way the government collects dollars is through taxes.  So the IRS sends you a bill... you are in debt to the US government, and the US government MUST accept your dollar bills to satisfy that debt.  So now their "debt" (the dollar bills) won't to be redeemed in gold, but now it's just a debt in the sense that they must accept USD to satisfy tax obligations.  Much easier for them!
Back to the example:  The country still had $100 of debt because "people" owned $100 of dollars.  This is where the semantics come in.  u/Pijade is saying that the *country* has $100 of debt, but *the public* has $100 of assets - dollar bills.  The PUBLIC has the $100 of assets, while the country has $100 of debt.  So "public debt," he said, is a misnomer.  He posits that we should call it "public assets" (and "government debt") instead of "public debt."  I take no stance on that issue - it's just semantics - but it's a healthy exercise to view the same thing from another angle.  All OK to this point?
Back to the example again:  Then the government has to issue it's next round of Social Security checks and it has no money.  What does it do?  It prints another $100 of currency and sends it to the Social Security recipients.  Now the government has $200 of debt... But who holds the dollars?  The global public!  (So again, he says this $200 should be considered "public savings" or "government debt," but not "public debt.")  Note:  No bonds have been issued yet, but the government has $200 of debt.  All good?
The government does this again ($300) and again ($400) and again ($500) printing money as it needs it.  Now the government has $500 in debt, and the global public has $500 in savings... sitting in someone's shoe box, including the Chinese, among others.  $500 of debt... no bonds yet.
Now enter the central bank.  They're monitoring this creation of dollars by the Treasury and working with the Treasury... and they see inflation picking up.  There are too many dollars in circulation!  So what do they do?  They tell people, "If you send us $100 back, we'll give you a bond... an IOU... that we will pay you 4% interest for the next 30 years, and at the end of that 30 years, we'll give you your $100 back."  So China says, "Well, that beats stacking these dollars in a warehouse!"  So they send $100 to the central bank and the central bank gives them a $100 IOU.  At this literal moment, this transaction does nothing to the "national debt" calculation.  It still technically stands at $500 even though that bond was issued.  But no dollars have been created, so it doesn't increase the national debt.
But then that first interest payment comes due and the government prints $4 to send to the bondholder.  Now the public debt is $504.  (And again, u/Pijade is saying that he views it as "government debt" or "public savings" but not "public debt.")
Then the bond comes due, and the US owes China the $100.  If China wants their $100 back, they can get their $100 back.  But China also has the option to buy another $100 bond and roll it over for another 30 years.
Note that through this entire process, "government debt" is NOT literally outstanding bonds/IOUs, but is actually, technically, the amount of dollars that have been printed.
So on the whole, I don't think the two of you disagree, or at least it's not clear that you disagree... you're not talking about the same thing.  u/Pijade is just saying that he'd like to use different terminology.
\[edit: removed the PS to shorten post\]
@_date: 2018-08-16 04:30:01
He's correct.  It's partially semantics.  But debt is technically the amount of bills in circulation.
When the government threatens shut-downs over "increasing the debt ceiling," it's not about issuing new bonds.  It's about printing more money to send out.  So "debt ceiling" is the amount of debt...which is the number of dollars issued.
I have a much (much!) longer post in this thread... but he's correct.
@_date: 2018-08-16 04:09:04
Also helpful... in the US we have the political discussions about "raising the debt ceiling."  This is not about issuing new bonds.  It's about printing more money.  Granted, bonds are often issued roughly the same time, but "increasing the debt ceiling" is about *literally* printing more dollars for the government to send out.  The bonds are issued as a reaction to that, on the back end... but "debt" is "printing money" and not directly related to bond issues.
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:26:09
I didn't miss the dip!
I bought at 16k, 15k, 14k, 13k, 12k, 11k, 10k, 9k, 8k, and 7k.  It's funny... when I added the limit orders at 7k, I thought, "wishful thinking!"  Then every day I checked the price and cringed at which orders had been filled.
If I keep it up, at some point, at least one of those trades has to turn positive, right?