@_author: rushhudsonlimbaugh
@_date: 2014-06-13 01:37:11
They should have posted a notice at Silk Road's URL, which was seized by federal police and where a notice of the site's seizure was posted. It appears that the feds continue to have control of it, as the notice is still visible even today: 
When a legal notice needs to reach customers of a large business, often it is posted in a visible location on their website. MtGox's bankruptcy is one example. Their customers often know where to reach them on the web, and having info at that location gives some degree of credibility. In the same way, it would probably make sense for them to post notice about claim procedures for Silk Road funds at their former location. That address might not get much traffic now, but it still seems like one of the more obvious places to notify people.
@_date: 2014-04-09 05:37:19
That's some Jewish privilege right there! This insular and privileged community is already dominant in the worlds of financial, media, politics, and business. And now, they have a homeland that they can flock to with their ill-gotten profits because of "birthright", and never have to face the consequences for their actions! It is also one of the wealthiest countries at the world, often at the expense of the Palestinians. This is not acceptable anymore!
People, you need to realize that it is not 1940 anymore, and the ADL needs to shut the fuck up. The Jew is no longer the victim. They are the financier, the lawyer, the landlord, the politician, the charity executive, the media mogul. They are members of a very insular group of elite people whose wishes effectively amount to the enslavement of Gentiles.
@_date: 2014-04-09 05:18:48
They may need to go after Starbucks to recover some of the allegedly stolen money from Mark Karpeles and Tibanne. Karpeles could have invested substantial money into Starbucks gift cards. He may have even invested money trying to convince Starbucks to extend their chain into the prison market, in order to ensure he never loses his precious coffee drinks. Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz could not be reached for comment.
Is it likely that he left small amounts of ~~Starbucks~~ emergency money in well-hidden Bitcoin accounts, which only he would have the access to via brain wallet? This would be in the event that Karpeles' assets (including the MtGox bitcoin holdings) were seized. Is Karpeles smart enough to at least hide a little bit of money in case the worst happens?
@_date: 2014-04-07 07:47:41
This is about as relevant to as a post saying that Mark Karpeles is fat and the only thing he does well is drink high-calorie Starbucks coffee drinks. So, that's that.