@_author: russiatop
@_date: 2017-04-21 05:37:27
Let's just pretend for a moment that there are only total 3 entities who are participants in the bitcoin economy. Could you tell me exactly how you would measure economic majority here? Would you see how much percent of total revenue between those 3 entities are supporting UASF? If exchange A has more revenue than exchange B and C combined will A have veto rights if most users are in favor of UASF? In this example let's pretend that all usual users are for UASF
@_date: 2017-04-21 05:37:36
AiscBoost is not that important.
Jihan is a very forward looking businessman, you can't be shortsighted yet become so successful at bitcoin mining.
The reason for Jihan's fondness of large blocks lie in the very nature of mining businesses-- it is naturally centralizing. A mining node runs in a dominating mining pool is much more efficient than a node of same configuration but runs remotely, because of network latency.
If PoW algorithm does not change, large mining pools will kill off smaller ones on a long run, larger blocks will speed up this process, because it's slower to propagate larger blocks on network.
Jihan's advandatge in asic making is temporary, where will be bigger players come into this market, producing similar or better asics. Jihan is very worried about this and he wants to kill off other mines right now, and get total domination. In his view, losing the edge is equal to losing every thing.
Jihan is not against SW or LN, he just want big blocks asap, but if LN came out and works, the need for big blocks will die out, this is the reason behind.
@_date: 2017-04-21 05:38:06
Yes, blockchain technology is mindblowing, however bitcoin isn't the only blockchain, and there are others out there trying implement features and functions that bitcoin will never have. You should be worried about this if you're a bitcoin maximalist.
But bitcoin needs to be refined and will lose out and become obsolete if it doesn't bring anything new to the to the table that improves bitcoin. it's currently stagnant like it has been since the silly blocksize debate started 2 years ago.
The biggest thing bitcoin has is name recognition, other than that it's the biggest dinosaur of blockchain tech.
Not to say it isn't brilliant. But right now it only really works well as a proof of concept for other more robust blockchains. Unless they figure out a way to make bitcoin more feature-full and robust, as well as be able to implement it with "consensus."
Sorry but I think the wrong people are now running bitcoin into the ground in the name of ego. On both sides of the blocksize debate.
@_date: 2017-04-21 05:37:51
I think the mentality needs to be changed with respect to miners and nodes. Miners are paid to perform a service. Why are they given the power to dictate all rules on the network? They will obviously have a conflict of interest at some point. Also as we are now seeing, companies which produce asics have a monopoly with production and mining which gives them an unfair market advantage. Nodes do not have this unfair production attribute and users are not rewarded for running them hence no conflict of interests.
With this being said I think UASF or UAHF are the way bitcoin will need to process future upgrades and let mining hash power follow if they wish to get paid.
@_date: 2017-04-29 09:21:45
Well, at least my involvement in Bitcoin has made me aware of what a poor judge of character I am.
@_date: 2017-04-21 05:37:15
It did turn out to be the first public acknowledgement of an unfortunate situation.
I'm not sure it's much more important than that. The lawsuit seemed to serve what I'm guessing was its purpose - which was for Bitfinex to figure out what was going on.
They retained reputable outside counsel, and I'm guessing they weren't getting a response and so they filed suit to get attention. See paragraphs 54-56 of the complaint - the lawsuit hinged on being able to prove that Wells Fargo intentionally suspended wires, without justification, knowing that it would harm Bitfinex.
I'm guessing again, but once Bitfinex heard the justification, they dropped the suit.
This all sounds like Bitfinex was in the dark, not that they're up to something malicious. And hopefully the banking issue blows over.
I'm guessing again, but you're probably doing this to make money for yourself.
