@_author: russphil
@_date: 2012-01-22 16:17:55
In other words, if he doesn't get screwed over the first time, he'll be inclined to do it again. Until he gets screwed over. I don't see how either of your methods would be considered an advantage over PayPal since you can easily do both of the things you mentioned with PayPal. Given the number of posts I see about people getting screwed out of their bitcoin I don't see how it's more reliable than PayPal for virtual money exchange.
@_date: 2012-01-07 18:49:14
Even if the insulin is good, if you buy drugs off Craigslist, you deserve whatever harm befalls you because of it. It's beyond retarded, and whether or not this case is an example of cragislist drugs gone bad, the point of the post still stands. 
@_date: 2011-09-02 02:28:08
Either way, 


still applies. 
@_date: 2011-09-03 12:36:37
But Bitcoin isn't stocks or real estate titles or patents. It isn't legal tender as far as the US government is concerned, it's just numbers on a computer. As far as they're concerned, it holds no monetary or intellectual value in their eyes. 
 It would be more akin to saying that my dog took a dump on another person's lawn, and that person decided to keep the shit. That shit could be worth thousands of dollars to me or numerous other poo enthusiasts, but as far as the government is concerned, it's just shit. There's no way in hell that I'd be able to sue for ownership rights to that shit. 
I have no sympathy for this guy. As someone else in this thread has said, their code had fucked those guys over before. He knew that there was a possibility that he could send that guy Bitcoins they didn't intend to. It's one of the flaws that comes with dealing in Bitcoin. The 'customer' has no legal obligation to return the Bitcoin. He might be a bit of a douche, but that's about it. 
@_date: 2011-09-01 22:46:07
Because the internet gives anyone the ability to talk about any topic they choose with people who have no way of knowing the credentials of this person. I could go on a rant about how Iceland needs to outsource their businesses to New Zealand if they want to increase the welfare of their people. That doesn't mean that I know shit about Iceland or New Zealand. All BitHurt is saying is that just because someone talks about the current state of the world's various currencies doesn't mean they have the faintest clue about what they're talking about. For all you know they're some high schooler who's information comes from an equally unreliable source. 
e.g. Take what someone says on the internet with a grain of salt 
@_date: 2011-09-02 03:34:18
Read the comment again. It says just because someone can rant about currency, doesn't mean that they know anything currency. 
It's not saying people who know about currency can't rant about money. Hence, take everything with a grain of salt. The person you're listening to may know what he's saying, but he might not. [8]
@_date: 2011-09-02 11:06:26
Which is exactly why I said take everything with a grain of salt.