@_author: rustyshackleford88
@_date: 2013-05-27 10:46:51
I would put the chances of a raid on the Mt. Gox offices about 95%, probably happening within the next two weeks.  The fact that Liberty Reserve has been allowed to operate for so long is a total mystery to me.  
Due to the decentralized nature of BTC, the only course of action for the US Feds to take is to choke off the exchangers.  In a perfect world, noone would have to exchange BTC for USD but we don't live in that world yet.  There's a requirement for liquidity and IMO, going after the market makers is probably the only way to stem the adoption.  
With the exception of Paypal, all of the major virtual currencies that existed in the US have been shut down...e-Gold, e-Bullion and now Liberty...done.   LAME.
Ripple and Coinbase are outright INSANE to even be connected in the smallest way to the US and are most definitely in the DOJ's crosshairs.  Being charged with a violation of 18 USC 1960 also usually includes a federal charge of wire fraud and a charge of conspiracy.  
Unfortunately, any companies that exchange BTC in the US or have US customers better plan on keeping $1200 p/h attorneys on hand.
 
@_date: 2013-05-28 22:49:23
The Achilles heel of these virtual currencies is that as decentralized as they may be, at some point, you need to exchange/convert into a fiat currency.  That's the way the world works.  The Feds want Bitcoin dead and all they need to do is shut down the exchangers and/or e-Wallets that support reserves and back BTC.  This is exactly why they hit LR.  
If you can't liquidate your funds, it's impractical.  The exchangers facilitate the continued adoption and without it, growth will be stunted.  
Based on the model, the US government can go after every e-Wallet that backs or converts BTC because its a virtual currency whose value is speculative.  Master reserve balances could fluctuate wildly and a run of Bitcoin selling could destroy a company overnight...depending on the positions.  This is where the DOJ's claims of "ponzi" come from.