@_author: ruwed
@_date: 2014-12-21 19:51:00
Because Bitcoin does not do chargebacks, you have to be very careful here.  The security of the payment must happen prior to the payment being made, not a notification that it happened like everyone here is suggesting.  If an attacker changes the payment amount and payment address, you and many other people are screwed out of their money.
Say someone as big as New York Times implemented this for the equivalent of $0.25 an article (let's forget exchange rates for this particular comment).  You put in a cap at $20 because you like reading stories.  An attacker bumps it up to $2 an article to an address of their own.  Because this is just a string and not digitally signed in any way (SSL/TLS doesn't protect against a single layered attack against the server side code of the site, nor does it protect against a single zero-day against web servers), if they only have it up for 5 minutes on a big enough site, they could grab tens of thousands of dollars.  They could also leave it at $0.25 an article and keep this up for longer than 5 minutes, potentially getting more money.  Even more scary, they could randomize the address making only 5% of the time the payment goes through their address and 95% it goes straight to the correct New York Times address.  This way, it is much more difficult for NYT to notice that they are being short-changed, and this attack could occur for *even longer*.
At that point, since the address was randomly generated, they could easily slowly launder it through tumblers as they need it (it's obviously going to be watched by the public after an attack like that).  Free, untraceable money.
There needs to be a DNSSEC portion of this that has valid BTC addresses allowed for that domain.  If someone hacks the web server, the clients check DNSSEC entries and see that the attacker's address is not allowed for that site and the payment does not go through.
IMHO, without DNSSEC this is incredibly dangerous.
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:07:40
Sorry I saw the word "profit" and invested in Halliburton before coming back to finish your comment and realize you were being sarcastic.
@_date: 2015-02-23 02:35:21


Think of the other side, if a merchant gets hacked and their private keys get stolen, their bitcoin (&gt;$10,000 worth if we are thinking of a small business) can be unloaded into another wallet.  This cannot be reversed, versus losing a handful of $8 chargebacks a month.  The merchant may rarely win in CC fraud, but the merchant is guaranteed to lose if their bitcoin wallet gets hacked.
It's not entirely reasonable to assume that every small business should be an expert in cybersecurity when Sony can't even keep its shit together.