@_author: rvxty11tztl5vnsi7inb
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:43:09


I'm no fan of Uber but that is real mafia tactics right there. Why on earth does it cost so much to own a taxi?
@_date: 2014-12-16 17:49:21
Much of Thailand is run on black markets anyways. If enough people use bitcoin then it becomes self-sustaining as the currency will never have to re-enter the fiat system. This approach only seems to create huge incentives for enterprising criminals to provide money laundering services. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 15:50:55
Socialism and fiat currency are not intrinsically linked. Your hypothesis supposes that people won't voluntarily support social programs. When you pay taxes you receive services in return (roads, schools, healthcare, law enforcement etc). Without going into the merits of how tax revenues are redistributed which I think we can all agree is currently suboptimal I'm not sure anyone would actually be happier in a situation where no base services are provided on mass for society. A society without governance is completely unsustainable. If government were to disappear then a power vacuum would be created and filled. You just have to look at what is now happening in what was previously Saddam Hussein's Iraq to see that the grass is not always greener even if the grass was not very green to begin with. Collective and social ownership of the basic infrastructure and services necessary to have a cooperative and peaceful society is in the best interests of everyone regardless of whether or not it is acknowledged. 
Like you I also believe that crypto-currencies are going to replace fiat currencies and it will be for the best. I am also however aware that capitalism is moving swiftly towards a zero-marginal cost situation through automation. In order for capitalism to work there needs not only be an ability to produce abundance but also a means for people to afford to buy services and products. Automation is breaking the link between economic productivity and an average individuals ability to benefit from said economic output. Within our lifetime it will be possible for one man and a bunch of machines to create and maintain the total infrastructure of a company like Amazon from manufacturing through sale to delivery of a product. This is the efficiency of capitalism at work. The problem which arises in this situation is that no one can buy the products that have been offered because no one has a job and capitalism in it's current form relies on people being in work and earning. This leads us to one of two options. Either we implement programs like a universal basic income or we descend into chaos and hardship. 
As Marx rightly pointed out 200 years ago, all roads eventually lead to socialism. Capitalism eats everything, even itself. I like to look at socialism as the foundations of society (enough to cover the bare minimum so no one has to suffer unnecessarily) covering only the bottom 2 levels of Maslow's pyramid with the rest of the pyramid being down to the individual person. There will need to be a large and difficult restructuring of tax and currency. The alternative is unthinkable. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 20:56:39
Isis were not chosen nor desired. They took power by force. 


Base service for internet and telephone? The government own and lease the infrastructure and drive it's innovation. The also control the spectrum for wireless so that it works without interference.


Think about this from another perspective. When the oil spill in the Gulf happened a few years ago who would have made BP pay and clean it up if there were no form of governance? A company is only beholden to it's shareholders, a government is (supposed to be) beholden to everyone. Each form is better for it's specific use case. 
Zero marginal cost.... Once you have robots to mine and process the raw materials, design and improve upon themselves and then build themselves the robot will cost nothing. Nothing will cost anything. Capitalism... **poof**. At that point capital will become totally impotent and useless whether in bitcoin form or any other.


You're probably right but that doesn't make it the correct path. 
You can't say Marx was wrong as we are in the middle of what he hypothesised. The Soviet Union wasn't Socialist, hell it wasn't even Communist, under Stalin it was in fact much closer to the world we would end up with if your ideologies were implemented. Winner takes all and screw the rest.
Your mudslinging and name calling of Marx shows how little you have to say on the topic that is of actual value to our conversation. We are living through exactly what Marx hypothesised. A world where we don't have collaboration and contribution on a society wide level is not a world that will last very long. 


@_date: 2014-12-20 11:29:22


Not in my country


I'm also not happy how this panned out but there's a lot more at stake here than just the concerns of a few owners of property in the Gulf. When oil companies plunder and pollute the earth they destroy everyones planet not just the property of people who live next to the site of the disaster. A genuine question and one I have never heard a realistic answer too: In a libertarian world how would any law be enforced?


I agree here. This just tells me to change the way of governance (which is why I support direct democracy and universal basic income). I support direct democracy because it takes the power away from single interests (as long as people are not gullible enough to drink the horseshit the main stream media spew forth daily) and I support ubi because it allows a true democracy take place by again by taking the power away from capital. If there was a basic income to cover all expenses up to the poverty line many companies would have to change their tactics or they will die because they won't be able to find anyone to do their bidding for all the immoral crap they do all the time. 
Negligible. It costs a human zero hours to do something so time also goes away. 


Once we start mining space resources will be unlimited. 


That's not the meaning of socialist. Most forms of socialism allow for private capital ownership. Socialism != communism. Communism is a form of socialism. Even communism also allows for capital ownership on a cottage industry level. Stalin destroyed the communist aspect of soviet Russia by trying to control the whole thing. Communism was only ever meant to control raw materials and essential heavy industries. 


It doesn't feel very voluntary to me. I am definitely coerced into accepting the system of capitalism. I hate most aspects of it with a passion. All I see is stupid people being brainwashed to buy pollutant bullshit they don't need and will toss away after a couple of months/years to buy the latest piece of shit they don't need or even want if they thought about it independently. 


Jimmy Wales yes... the others are debatable. 
 
@_date: 2014-12-18 23:34:07
Could you elaborate on your claim please?
@_date: 2014-12-26 18:04:58


What? Your logic is terrible. Euros are not allowed to 'defend' themselves either. What you said makes no sense.
The cartels are capitalist organisations. The cartels are exactly what you would get in a right-libertarian society. The Mexican government don't control vast swathes of their supposed territory. I agree drugs should be legalized (in the USA) in order to take the money out of the hands of the cartels however to think that violent enforcement of dominance would go away because one organisation (government) gets replaced by another organisation (company) is so illogical I can again not even comment on your claim.


Aid =/= UBI. Aid is given to companies (the problem) and government organisations (the other problem... in fact let me make this easy for you, just think about companies and governments under the umbrella of organisation because essentially the government is a company and a big company is a governing body). You obviously don't know the slightest thing about UBI judging by your comments so it's interesting that you have an opinion on it at all. It occurs to me that judging by your illogical meanderings you are not a man of science so it probably won't have much weight with you but all UBI experiments implemented so far from Canada to Namibia to India have been a resounding success. [Here is a link to the peer reviewed Namibia study if you care to see for yourself]( 
Also Africa is a shithole because of political corruption paid for by companies. None of the aid money filters through to the grass roots, the people who actually need it, it just lines the pockets of those who are already in a position of wealth and power. UBI solves this but putting the money into society at the grass roots level.


I take it you've never been there or else you would know how ridiculous your statement was. Also China is a much bigger success story and it is run pretty much the exact opposite to how you would find ideal. In any case even if it what you said 100% true just because one system is better than another inferior system does not make it the best system. Capitalism has run it's course. In a world of abundance and automation (as what we are quickly approaching) it serves not purpose other than oppression.


Which means you can't possibly support the idea of capital as a power and control mechanism. Anarcho-capitalism is a paradox. It is physically impossible to realise. 


Capitalism does not mean that. From wikipedia: "Capitalism is an economic system in which trade, industry, and the means of production are largely or entirely privately owned and operated for profit. " You are confusing personal and private property. They are very different concepts. Anarchism supports personal property but not private property. Again anarcho-capitalism is impossible. You are actually just Capitalist-fundamentalists. The greediest most self-centered humans on earth. 


UBI is given to all. 100% egalitarian. No one is leeching because everyone receives it. It gives each and every individual true freedom. If you were really subscribing to an anarchist ideology you would support it fully without a doubt. The real leeches are the companies that use capital to coerce those without capital into doing their dirty deeds. The true meaning of worthless is doing a job that exists only because you are poor and will do anything to make ends meet and feed your families. That is humiliating. The companies are leeching off of the people. You make the company a $1m a year but you only take home $50k. That is leeching. UBI would allow people the choice to contribute as and how they see fit. No more life wasted toiling away for a wage master just to stay alive. Wage labour as the only form of labour is an awful waste of resources. The beauty of UBI is that it does not restrict you from earning vast wealth if that is what is important to you but it also gives others a real and non-superficial choice of whether to collaborate with you in your endeavours or not. Without UBI there can be no true freedom for all.


As I said UBI does not exclude that in fact it gives you a real choice on how you would liek to contribute. Many things need to be done in this world but aren't because they won't turn a profit. This is the major weakness in capitalism as a dominant economic system. 


If you don't want to contribute to society then you do not deserve to be part of it. Your greed is reprehensible and oozing out of the cracks in your supposed arguments.


Governments may not directly create it but they do manage it and act as a counter-balance to corporate greed through regulating industries. When they don't do their jobs then things get messed up like the last big recession we just experienced. That was not the fault of governance but the fault of bad governance and greedy corporation working hand in hand to defraud the people. The money system is pretty fucked up and is doomed to fail and sure bitcoin is a good tool for the people to use to protect themselves from failing in the fiat currency system but to confuse bad governance with government is dangerous. Having no government is going to make the problems created by bad governance worse not better. Companies cannot be trusted to regulate themselves in the current environment. Short term gain is always favoured over long term stability as the employees want their bonuses. The whole corporate culture is geared towards this and it won't change internally without external forces.


Again talking about things you have no idea about. Did you ever experience Soviet times and the aftermath? I know people who were instrumental in the fall of the USSR and I have lived extensively in former Soviet territories. All I can say is that you speak of what you do not know or understand. Stalin killed the idea behind the USSR and no-one was trying to distribute anything evenly. USSR was one man making all the rules. Your logic in saying that direct democracy would have the same outcome is laughable at best. You really aren't coming across as someone whose opinion is grounded in facts, reality and scientific analysis. 
I won't be continuing this conversation as you clearly are not knowledgeable enough on the topics you are attempting to engage me for it to bring me any new insights.  
@_date: 2014-12-23 18:14:20


This is absolute nonsense. The US is more heavily armed than any western European country and has crime rates (especially violent crime) that are through the roof compared to Europe. Travel one country south to Mexico and you will see more arms and crime, on a dystopian level. Mexico is already a right-libertarian example of what will happen to policing in a right-libertarian world. It is fucked and dangerous. Also plenty of nuclear nations have done the invading which is a problem in itself which will not be solved by your authors hair brained perspective.
To deal with a disease you need to deal with the root not the symptoms. A cancer patient can take all the opiates they want to hide the pain but the cancer still exists and continues to thrive. Translating this to crime in society the opiate is the weapons and the cancer is poverty. To cut out the cancer we need to eliminate poverty. Poverty is the reason most crimes happen. Poverty creates the environment in which crime thrives. Weapons as a deterrent will not work. Not today, not tomorrow and not in 1000 years. This is why Universal Basic Income needs to become a human right. UBI will cut out the cancer and give people options other than crime. No one wants to lead a life of crime if they can avoid it. With UBI in place anyone who continues to commit crime is mentally ill and can be dealt with accordingly.
It's really hard to take right libertarians seriously when they call themselves anarcho-capitalists. You're not anarchists, you're capitalists which is as far away from anarchism as you can get so please stop using that term. I don't know of any anarchists that include right-libertarian ideology under their broad ideological umbrella. 


This is a very important question however it is the wrong first question. The important first question is to ask is it the right thing to do which it is 100%. Where there is a will there is a way and that is a challenge in itself. I say it is worth it because it gives respect to all; it includes all; it liberates human creativity; it eliminates poverty; it empowers women; it reduces unnecessary government bureaucracy and most of all it deals with the root of most problems faced by contemporary society. Coming back to your question... There are many ways to pay for it: through reworking our tax system, by instituting a consumption tax, flat income taxes, eliminating income taxes and putting in a small wealth tax; and there are many other ideas that should be discussed and reviewed. Experimentation and discussion is an important part of implementing any innovation.


For UBI to be implemented successfully this will have to be done algorithmically as a metric of economic output which is beyond manipulation of any one person or institution. This also answers your second question however, to elaborate, in a direct democracy if the people make bad collective decisions they will pay for it dearly but they will also have the power to reverse those bad decisions so the system is self-rectifying through it's own feedback loop mechanism. 


Personally I don't care. I'm a non-materialist minimalist. As long as I have a roof, good  and enough food, a warm bed, my woman and my friends I'm happy. The house will be done when it's done. It's not even important and I'm certainly not going to build my whole ideological and economic system around repressing others so I can have my things quicker. 


On a human scale space has unlimited resources. 


I don't have the option not to live in a capitalist world. I can't stop the oceans being polluted by other peoples material crap. I am surrounded by the produce of capitalism all day and I can't escape it. That's how. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 18:03:47
Are you're denying that they have slaves from India/Bangladesh?