@_author: rxptarosiris
@_date: 2014-01-24 02:30:58
You don't stretch gold do you? You use it to back something you can produce and inflate more of, like say what Colored Coins is to Bitcoins. We are buying up the 'gold' that will back the future global digital currency. that's it. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:05:47
that's exactly my point, we don't need proof anymore its just FUD FUD FUD
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:43:36
haha no. I've got some $K in my savings and my whole family is "invested" in accounts. The problem is them charging the hell out of me for transferring between two accounts I have in their bank when I am a poor college student. 
Luckily with threatening them, I was able to get 80% of the fees reversed just minutes ago this morning. I can't wait until tis Bitcoin China bullshit ends and we can start seriously storing massive amounts in BTC because that's where I'm heading.
She had the nerve to tell me well yeah but with Savings the point is you get interest, and I replied, "Yeah well I got $1000 of profit from storing money as BTCs, in 3 weeks. How's that for interest?"
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:48:56
this is what happened. she was nice enough to work with me and do as much as she could, and did her job respectfully and put up with my frustration.  
Sadly credit unions, just seem sketch to me due to the fact that I have very little knowledge about them. These things should be widely known but aren't.
@_date: 2014-01-09 15:32:20
Defconoi is right. 
but also this is why CRASHes are good, because they further lead to the even spreading of BTC amongst us.
So as the price rises, these whale miners are encouraged to sell, causing the price to fall, which further incentivizes people to buy and due to its lower price=more affordability means more people will get ahold of. As more sell, even more buy thus spreading BTC around more evenly.
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:05:26
What if that backpack was filled with GOLD to the brim?
@_date: 2014-01-09 14:55:46
It's just sad we didn't have a form of free and fast transfer of cash, or a form of digital personal storage option for money until now. 
And people are asking, "What's the value of Bitcoin?"
Its value (not counting its exponential growth in value due to deflation, just purely from 'what does this give me now' standpoint) is in the time it saves, the amount of utility it gives the usage of your money, its cheap as hell storage (non-maintenance fee, restrictions fees, overdraft fees), but also its ability to save you countless amounts of fees down the road and problems such as 'freezing' your account.
I was stranded with ZERO gas in a big metropolitan US city past midnight when I drove home from college. BofA froze my debit card (my only form of money on me) due to movement within my state (gassing up on the way home) so that when I needed to drive the last 22 miles home (my car gets 19mpg) I drove to 4 different gas stations trying my debit card, to no avail (it was frozen). I did not know what was a matter, and I had gas money in my checking for this ride. Only had $1.57 cents in my wallet, used that to gas up (after being turned down from 3 gas stations because their windows/doors were locked up) at the fourth gas station and barely made it home on less than a gallon. I don't know how my car did it.
Long story short: Banks are heavily outdated like Travel Agencies become during the rise of the Internet.
@_date: 2014-01-15 12:57:48
the stuff that monseayo is saying is wisdom that I am only learning now in my 20's. ImTravy, do not throw away this chance to possibly invest and be financially cushy in your 20's by making the right and more impactful decision now.
 Long term finances&gt; Short term pleasures
$50,000 in 2 years, $150,000 when you're 20, $2 mill when you're 23-24, $9,000 today. You have the choice :)
(whatever you do DO NOT sell Bitcoin if it crashes between Jan 18-31, just saying. Or for any crash.)
@_date: 2014-01-12 17:36:52
This. None of this news or changes affect the massive demand in China.  People don't get that this 'Bitcoin deadline' is upping its demand, as now is the window to invest on Bitcoin and later sell in your country through local exchanges for manyxxx profits. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 13:05:08
this qualifies you as 90% chance you are in fact Satoshi.
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:05:13
I love that you are opening this up for discussion, and tackling all the sides/angles we are throwing at you further perfecting it. Keep it up and I can't wait to get my hands on one of your devices one day.
@_date: 2013-12-22 21:38:18
Very gold concept and you've done research on design. this will be what takes Bitcoin mainstream to our grandparents and will bring about a huge EXPLOSION in USER BASE for BTC =Higher Market Cap= Higher BTC price=the next big 'China Bubble'
Some ideas/suggestions:
 1.) Energy consumption/storage: how? how long will this card work without needing recharge? Solar Panels should be a consideration as well for added extra ease + utility/function.
2.) Transaction log, should NOT be erased but an option to FULLY ERASE would allow for the privacy if said card is confiscated by authorities/thieves. However should still have an non-erased log for the used to see where they spent their money, on the card, or on the user's wallet website. 
3.) Theft of Bitcoin wallets would be scary, a form of PIN or WALLET PIN should be connected to the card and or card and online wallet. Eventually Thumb Scanning technology will take over PIN technology. Why not just create a digital Bitcoin wallet APP that can work with phones in cohorts with Thumb Scanning Technology (i.e. Future Droids? Possibly jailbroken or licensed apps for iPhone 5S)
4.) Tumbling feature, should run BTC through a free tumbling web service maybe associated with BTC wallet company like a digital VISA corp service with very very small (pennies) fee, to then be used by say maybe that technology that can be attached to iPads to swipe the BTC wallet as if a credit card to make person to person transactions digitally feasible with Bitcoins, (IE vendor selling his TV or drugs) it could charge for the sending of BTC and tumbling option fee.
5.) Another security concern to consider: What will happen with the massive exchange of BTC address public keys + private keys being sent to vendors/retailers. Must create a way to further anonymize and detract the links between Consumer accounts and Vendors receiving payment so that we AVOID theft of digital wallets (IE shit going down at Target right now with the 40,000+ consumers whose data was hacked, BTC is at its core about anonymity + security + instant/cheap transactions. IF you make a wallet that destroys any of those 3 it's not an adequate BTC wallet, must find a way to remove ALL risks from the consumer for using BTC, your wallet (falling into wrong hands, and or giving TOO MUCH INFORMATION during transactions)
6.) Balance feed, showing wallet balance and the (conversion) numerical value of those BTCs into the currency of choice, so as to make figuring out prices easier for the stores that don't implement digitally updated BTCs rates for their products (i.e. what marketplaces that accept BTC online do, find market exchange rates and adjust BTC prices accordingly, while some also show the paper currency price as well to make things easier on the consumer's brains.)
7.) Make it so that the BTC wallet readers can be formatted/inserted into iPhones, iPads, etc mobilize the tools as much as possible and DESTROY the digital currency Apple is making.
@_date: 2013-12-18 00:37:21
people freaking out about crash, all the while India and global corporations are getting ready for their Bitcoin options come 2014. Flash forward to 2014 May-April those who held onto Bitcoin celebrating. Hold up, technology will be invented on a continuous basis to house the desires of the populace? Just wait until 2016.