@_author: rxz023
@_date: 2018-08-18 18:08:14
Wrong.  The house payments will go down as well.  No such thing as a free lunch kiddo.  It works both ways.
@_date: 2018-08-19 01:12:28
I was entirely right about Islamic lending.  Are you just trolling?  You don't know about the Austrian school of economics?  Come on man.  
Hell, many individuals in western society actually sell this way.  The buyer makes payments to the seller over time.  I've had people in my own family do this.  Of course you don't get the advantage of percentage ownership.
I know you badly want to be right but you're just not.  Go troll elsewhere. 
@_date: 2018-08-11 15:09:26


They are accepting installments to buy the home.  No different than now except the middle man bank doesn't get a huge amount of money in interest each month.    
  


First there's ALWAYS profit with a deflationary currency as it keeps going up.  Second, who isn't going to lend me money?  No one needs to lend anyone anything in this scenario.  
@_date: 2018-08-18 18:11:14
The jumps up and down have nothing to do with delusions.  It's simply what happens every time with a new shift in technology.  Pick literally any major stock and go look at what happened.  Bitcoin is even bigger.
@_date: 2018-08-19 00:35:18


This is exactly how it's done in many Islamic countries.  You're not used to it because you only know what you see and what you see is wrong and evil.  It will change.    


You're wrong but you think you're right.  
I briefly looked at your other comments but you just haven't put any thought into how it would work in the Austrian school so...it's just not worth my time.
@_date: 2018-08-11 04:29:18
According to all the Keynesian economists that want to control money creation.  Don't worry though, it's too late for the old system.  It's just a matter of when now.  When you introduce a near-perfect money where the supply is limited but the units can be divided indefinitely, it will take over.  It's only a matter of time.   
I suppose you're concerned with loaning without understanding that saving and working IS a loan or that each person is a bank able to loan his goods and services as he sees fit for a percentage of profits.  You see the old system is a lie.  It's simply not needed.   If I manufacture tires, I will loan them to a car manufacturer for a percentage of his sales.  That's how the new system will work w/o a "banking" middle man eating everyone's profits nor a central bank creating money and giving it to their buddies without anyone's knowledge  We'll know all inputs to the system and it will be without question--fair.  If you spend it, you're going to have to WORK to create more.  No more gods.
@_date: 2018-08-23 15:39:22
That's it, keep protesting as bitcoin grows in market cap every day.  
@_date: 2018-08-11 15:04:28


That same money has much greater potential of increasing it's value with deflationary currencies--a little goes MUCH, MUCH further than inflationary currencies.   The real question is why did you wait to diversify your money in the first place?  Why did you buy this whole house over so many years.  You could have had that money working for you all that time!  You're assuming the starting position here.   


Ok...I don't think we read the same article.  
 &gt;Under Islamic law, money must not be allowed to create more money. Instead, a bank must provide some service to “earn” its profits.  
  Sounds pretty different.  


No idea what you're talking about here.  If you're buying the house from me, you'll be making payments to me. Just like in the Islamic example a bank can be involved contractually and have to earn their money by providing legal services if that's what I want as the seller.
@_date: 2018-08-11 02:18:20
That's not how deflationary economies work.  You buy shares of the house.  As you pay for it, your percentage ownership increases AND you never get screwed with interest.  
@_date: 2018-08-11 15:11:19
There's a brigade of people like you today pushing their "discussion".   I personally don't care what you do, that's your business.  Real money is here and it will take over in time.  Hence the massive value rise in under 10 years.  The cool thing is you get to make snarky comments the whole time and I get to laugh at your pain as it happens.  
@_date: 2018-08-11 14:58:09
Is leaking.  Man the fear is just palpable.  Why anyone would come to this sub and take this stance is just nuts to me.  
@_date: 2018-08-11 02:16:28
It's a terrific store of value to anyone that has bought under the current price.
@_date: 2018-08-11 05:37:54


Yes and now that bitcoin is here, which is far better for that, it won't last much longer--perfect divisibility.     


You fail to see that bitcoin can do that as well.  How does home ownership work in a deflationary model?  When you buy a house, you buy shares in that house.  As you make payments, your percentage ownership increases compared to the person you're buying it from.  A bank is NEVER needed.  Also, and this is the beautiful thing, your payments will actually decrease over time as you'll pay the percentage of bitcoin relevant to the value of your house compared to other houses.  As bitcoin increases in value, you'll pay less!  That same amount of money steadily increase total economic output.  
Everything else you wrote about fiat works in a deflationary model EXCEPT you also get the luxury of holding your money and being secure that it won't depreciate in value over the years.  The choice is yours.  The investment you make will have to compete.  It may and likely will be better but now you don't lose money to banks over time.  You have the same ability to create value with money they do.  
You seem to think a deflationary model won't work but you haven't put much thought into it.  Everything you wrote about fiat can be done with bitcoin, it's just the value comes directly from the producers and STAYS with the producers NOT some "magical" fiat shitting fairy.
@_date: 2018-08-18 18:09:02
Why would you have ever paid for an entire house in a deflationary economy?  That money could have been working for you elsewhere the whole time.  
@_date: 2018-08-11 06:20:15
Why would they not?  You have no argument for that.  You state it like a fact.  If I own a house, I'd sell it in a heartbeat for a percentage of bitcoin each month and STILL retain majority ownership and all the rights that entails.  Why in the world would I live the person buying the home?  That makes no sense.  
It's not rent by the way, you are buying the house just as you would a conventional loan.  In fact, I believe it actually works this way right now in some muslim nations where usury is a moral sin.  They really aren't wrong about that.
@_date: 2018-08-11 02:19:58
This is a statist that knows no other way.  Banks, govt. must create money that's all he knows and all he'll ever argue for.  A deflationary economy is impossible according to this guy.   Sound money just shouldn't exist.  
@_date: 2018-08-11 15:40:31
Just be sure to jump off that fiat money making merry-go-round in time.  Bitcoin's history is made up of those that made "money" only to have to pay more "money" back in to get the same amount.  Right now for instance, you can afford to get 1/10 of a bitcoin, in the near future your money will only be capable of getting 1/1000.
@_date: 2018-08-19 03:20:06
LMAO!  You just don't get it and you won't until it's too late.  Listen I'm going to give you a nickels worth of advice.  You're witnessing the beginning of the end of the Keynesian model.  It was a scam from the start.  Buy some bitcoin--any amount.  People like you will come in here ALWAYS and criticize it, but it will just keep going up in value over the long term.  Yes it will do it in waves so if you want to game it, perhaps you can but it won't stop.  
Anyhow, good luck to you.  
@_date: 2018-08-11 14:53:34


No idea why you think that.  Would it be harder to get one lump some?  Sure.  Can you do it?  Absolutely but really why?  You can go buy another house and own a percentage of that with the payments you get from this house if you like. You have to remember others are willing to take much less for goods and services in a deflationary economy so that 200,000 you're so focused on would be an absolutely astounding number and go much,much further for the average person especially as time went on.   Point is smaller amounts will go further over time than with an inflationary economy so you won't care about some lump some AND you have investments spread out.  That kind of diversification feels really nice as a REAL owner especially when you are just buying initially.  As it is now, if you miss a payment the BANK owns your house.  You're so concerned about that lump some you've given up your rights as a property owner.  Don't make the very last payment and they just take it from you.  All those years you've payed for that 200k house, which actually ends up costing you much, much more and they just take it from you.  
As to the concerns over living there, that's simple.  Say ownership is split 4 ways if you like, majority ownership determines gets to do what he likes there.  He could continue selling it, he could live there paying the other owners (afterall he doesn't own it outright yet).  Really there are a number of contractual agreements that could be entered.  Imagine that, a bank could serve a useful purpose here.  


I have no idea why you think any of this would be any different with deflationary money.  As I said, imagine that, banks serving a useful purpose rather than shitting fiat.    
The good thing is now we both get to SEE!  Real money is here and so far, it's winning.  Better money will always win over time.  There will be fits and starts as bad money dies but the fun part is upon us.  
@_date: 2018-08-18 21:40:11
You are missing the point!  Why would you have spent 30 years paying for a house instead of putting that money to better uses?  Also your payments went down the whole time AND if you ever missed a payment no one can take your percentage ownership away from you which is exactly what the current scam system does.  
In a deflationary model your option to get the lump sum is not as great but your other options are far greater so you would never have spent those 30 years paying for a home that would end up costing you far more, in fact, your payments will go down and you could have been putting that money in other things PLUS you never lose your share in the home if you miss payments.  
You will have to learn to think differently.  You need to look up Keynesian vs Austrian economics.  I know you think you understand this but you simply don't and I'm not being rude.  I used to not get it either but sound money is here and it will win.   
You've learned the Keynesian bs but in the end, it was only designed to make central bankers extremely rich.  
    
Believe it or not you're actually a useful idiot for central bankers right now but you will learn one way or the other.  That term is not meant to be derogatory by the way.  
@_date: 2018-08-11 06:25:19


People hire banks to get money.  Period.  Banks don't handle investments--that's a brokerage.   There would be no difference there with a deflationary currency.   As far as contractual agreements on home purchases, sure if you want a bank to handle that, why not?   They just won't have to loan you anything.    Many muslim nations work this way now as they see usury as a moral sin.


What in the world?  What straw man is this?  I haven't looked at my bitcoin in 6 months.  No idea what this is even about.  
Your last paragraph I'm not even quoting as really don't even know what you're talking about.  If I hazard a guess, I'd say you're talking about maybe buying bitcoin with fiat is inconvenient?  Well if that's the case, that won't be a problem soon enough.  You won't have to buy it any more in that sense as enough people will have it to trade with you for goods and services.  Your job will even be able to pay you in bitcoin.  It's all about time at this point.  
@_date: 2018-08-18 18:09:44
Why would a seller ever have bought the entire house?  That money could have been used elsewhere that entire time.  
@_date: 2018-08-11 04:19:18
Not with deflationary money.  You're talking about two different things.  There's deflationary money and there's deflationary prices.  Also, there is the Keynesian school of thought on these things and the Austrian school of thought.  One thing we know for sure, the Keynesian school sure does make those that create the money into king makers.