@_author: ryanaura
@_date: 2013-12-16 12:45:12
Far from broke :) We look forward to having you use our platform soon. 
- Ryan
@_date: 2013-12-16 07:13:01
Indeed, but our legal team has been working on this for quite some time, and as mentioned above we have our meeting in January (appointment was already confirmed last week). We are ready to get started, and we look forward to our alpha launch shortly. 
Some of our competitors : Coinbase and Circle are both based in California and have followed similar procedure. 
Is it difficult.. Yes.. Is it worth it? Absolutely. 
@_date: 2013-12-17 08:08:03
:) 
@_date: 2013-12-16 05:20:59
Hi Guys, 
Ryan here from AuraWallet, we are an bitcoin/litecoin financial exchange company in California, getting ready for our alpha launch in the upcoming few weeks. As somebody who just went through this mess, and can give a little bit more details on it. 
The first step is to register your digital currency company with the FinCEN (this essentially registers your company with their database), and took us about 5 days for approval (from time of entry to the latter). 
The documentation process is pretty straight forward, took us about an hour to read through it all, fill out and submit. Here is a link to some information on it: 
The current best method is to register electronically here: 
Once you have been approved, you can search for your company here: 


**NEXT STEP:** 
Once you have been registered at the federal level, you now have to apply at the state level for those states you wish to do business with (which is essentially all of them in theory). 
California is our first stop since we are based here, and is quite difficult compared to the federal level. Essentially for California the following is required: 
1. Make an appointment with the California Department of Business Oversight. 
2. Within the appointment you must pass a test with one of their staff members, basically showing that you understand the rules, laws and regulations that are required in California for operating a Money Services Business. 
3. After you've been accepted, you must pay a non-refundable fee of $5,000 and an additional $2,500 each year. 
More information on California procedure can be found here: 
The other states aren't too terrible, but California is definitely one of the most challenging we've seen yet. Not challenging in the sense of completing the interview process, but more in the sense of the capital requirements. 
As a small startup being self funded, every penny counts, but we have our meeting planned for early January and we look forward to gaining our certificate in California. 
*Onward and Upward!* 
Ryan Haidinger
TL:DR = Federal Registration is easy, State Level .. not so much. 
