@_author: ryanznock
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:24:27
So, this is an immense bubble, right? Anything that goes up in valuation this quickly is just built on speculation, not actual economic worth. And my understanding is that the energy costs of Bitcoin will make the whole system increasingly expensive the more people buy in, due to the requirement to update everyone's blockchain, which requires millions and millions of digital communications, all of them chewing up a smidgen of electricity.
Plus, Bitcoin's price isn't a median of recent transactions; it's just the most recent purchase. If the price starts to dip, people with lots of money invested in Bitcoin can just buy at a high price to artificially prop up its value.
@_date: 2017-11-26 20:34:23
Bitcoin is used by some folks in Venezuela, sure, but the average person isn't using it. And the subsidized price of electricity there isn't going to remain if the economy keeps crumbling. It's not viable as a societal currency.
Mostly, though, I just see the trend of BTC and it looks like a bubble. It will keep going up in value as long as there are more people who are convinced they should buy in, but once the population growth ceases, will it hold value?
Is BTC going to be like Beanie Babies, which people thought would go up in value but have very little inherent utility? Or more like Magic: the Gathering cards which you can at least play with (and which the publisher made a policy not to reprint the rarest of them)? 
Or is BTC more like a social network -- MySpace or Facebook or Twitter? But people didn't create Facebook accounts because they thought it would make them money; they did it because they like the service. How many of your transactions do you make with BTC?
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:28:03
I wouldn't.




It's like buying fine art, where people with money invested in art scheme to keep the price high until they can sell to a rube. Only at least there you get something to mount on your wall. 
I mean, the US dollar is *also* a fiat currency, but it is backed up by a government that's been active for two centuries, so you can assume it won't crash soon. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 21:13:17
Admittedly, no.
Pondering that, I'm now wondering how net neutrality would interact with cryptocurrencies. But that's spinning off from the core topic.
Anyway, I'm unconvinced that BTC is good long-term store of value. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 17:32:32
The problem with trusting the value of Bitcoins is that there's very little difference between it and any of the competitors, other than user base. That includes traditional banking, which have a hell of a lot more resources than the developers of Bitcoin, and who will lower the cost of transactions if ever Bitcoins become a competitive threat.
I mean, bully for Bitcoin if that happens and money becomes more liquid, but isn't the energy cost of updating the blockchain on everyone's computer going to make using Bitcoin environmentally damaging? Do you really think the currency is actually valuable, or is it just propped up by other speculators, some of whom might even be buying it back and forth?