@_author: ryan_straus
@_date: 2014-06-28 04:16:00
I am breaking my pledge not to comment again. 
I agree with most of what you said and I think it is consistent with the CV proposal.  CV does not require protocol modification. 
Your side-chain/mixing point is a good one.  If people want to create and/or participate in side-chains and mixing services and are willing to do so in spite of the risk of prosecution for money laundering, that is a choice but what about those of us who aren't willing to take this risk or would prefer not to facilitate illicit activity?
Funds involved in certain illicit activities are, in the eyes of the law, forever tainted.  Furthermore, if such funds are commingled with untainted funds those acquire the taint as well. Take a look at the requisite intent level for most money laundering offenses (willfully blind is usually sufficient). Black letter law (not legal advice). 
Regarding my characterization of the reaction to CV and Alex, I was referring to the initial reaction to CV and personal conversations with members of the bitcoin community (some of them could be characterized as insanely-hostile).
@_date: 2014-06-28 00:32:51
I know that trying to talk rationally in this subreddit is probably pointless but I am going to try anyway.  First, a disclaimer: I am an attorney but I am posting as a human being and not in my professional capacity. This is not legal advice.
Regarding CV, I could (and will) write a long article about this but I urge all fairminded people to consider the prospect that the fungibility concern is not justified.  Pick up a book, consider why it my behoove certain people to perpetuate this FUD, and make up your own mind.  
Regarding Alex_Waters, I am fortunate to know Alex and consider him a good friend.  Alex is one of the smartest and most thoughtful people I know. He also cares more about Bitcoin as much as anybody I have ever met.  I am not saying that you should trust him (wrong crowd for that) but I urge people to consider:
(1) Alex brought this to the community first and, to the best of my knowledge, it has not been implemented.  This is not due to a lack of market demand. Similar products abound.  If Alex were such a bad dude, why would he bother to continue engage in a dialogue with the community about CV in such a public way in spite of the insanely-hostile reaction from the vocal minority?
(2) How would you prove to a judge that your seized bitcoin was unwittingly obtained from a bad actor? Again, have an open mind, spend some time with a book and make up your own mind (or talk to a lawyer). 
I am not going to comment again. 