@_author: ryebit
@_date: 2019-07-30 21:47:00
Nope, they're perfectly free to do whatever.  And it's great for inter-exchange liquidity.  
But it's not actually permissionless or decentralized, even among the participating custodial parties it requires some level of mutual trust. 
Protocols like that may be great in the short term, but in the long term they're a step backward from the core reasons bitcoin &amp; blockchain tech took off to begin with.  Hence I think the OP's question of "is this the crypto dream?"
I think it's great things like liquid are there, but we shouldn't complacently think they're an *improvement*, more of a stopgap until something better is devised.
@_date: 2017-12-01 14:42:38
Even by your argument that both of those are fork events, BTC actually split into two twice.   Once when BCH created an entirely new coin (forked 2017-8-1); and a second time when BTC did a softfork upgrade (abandoning the pre-segwit chain).   Segwit locked in 2017-8-8, but didn't actually activate until 2017-8-24.  
Conflating the two fork events together makes BCH seem like it's the other half of the segwit fork, which it isn't.  It's a separate coin that was developed well in advance of segwit locking in, and a full month before the actual segwit fork event.
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:37:28
LN is off chain, so the only node resource usage is when the channel interacts w/ the main chain (e.g. opening &amp; closing). 
And anyone can use LN, there's no central authority doling them out.  It's just a protocol for parties to agree to a set of exchanges, and then atomically commit the end result to the main chain, without having to store the actually information there forever.
.. and segwit is required for this, to pull the trick of not storing ALL the LN information in the chain; otherwise you lose all the scaling benefits.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:32:46
Were you using segwit addresses to send from? If not, you're using the slower more expensive method.  Segwit txns take much less space &amp; (thus) total cost.  It's effectively allowing 4mb blocks without the corresponding storage space increase.
In particular, people need to complain to the exchanges they're using if they haven't switched over themselves.
@_date: 2017-12-02 02:34:42
I keep being reminded of the saying: "No one in New York drives... there's too much traffic!"
@_date: 2019-07-31 00:23:47
More like: once biplanes have been invented, we shouldn't give up trying to build a cargo plane, no matter how good 18-wheelers get at hauling things.
@_date: 2017-12-01 13:57:04
That's seriously conflating / misrepresenting a bunch of things. 
BCH forked off way before segwit got activated.  So it forked off on it's own, not BTC splitting into "two". 
Later on, segwit activated... except it wasn't a hard fork, just an optional feature that got enabled for the existing BTC blockchain.
Acting like both were hard forks that took over from the original BTC is misleading, and makes it seem like BTC broke in two or something, which greatly misrepresents things.  
@_date: 2017-12-01 14:50:43
My argument is that this isn't helpful for someone who doesn't understand the technical details.  
The imprecision of "forked into one chain... and [another]" would lead such a reader to draw the wrong conclusion, that there was a single hard fork which resulted in two coins.  That's not strictly what it *says*, but what it implies to an uninformed reader.
Something that is technically correct, yet misleading for an uninformed reader, is the definition of what I'd call misleading.
@_date: 2019-07-30 20:22:56
It's a federated sidechain using tokenized assets, whose value depends on trusting custodial participants to hold the actual value.  Aside from the "sidechain" part, that's a setup a lot like libra, or ethereum's WBTC.  
Great if you're an exchange, and can swing your weight around.  But the whole point of crypto is not have to resort to such behavior.  Not your custody, not your tokens.
@_date: 2017-08-29 19:24:54
It can be fixed by modifying the code, but the devil's in the details.  If done wrong or hurriedly, changing things that low level can have far-reaching effects.  
Without sufficient testing, you could break the consensus rules, and have unexpected network fragmentation.  On the other hand, deliberate network fragmentation / hard forking also has its issues.  There's also questions about whether overly large blocks will lead to centralization of control (due to the expense), and if so, where exactly the sweet spot is between these conflicting constraints.
Segwit was a tentative step towards fixing this (and a BUNCH of other things). Even this step was done slowly, because rushing headlong into changes is how you break things, and a core part of a cryptocurrency network's value is its long term reliability. 
Other currencies and forks have been rolling out segwit &amp; block expansions of their own.  This lets them absorb the risk, while bitcoin holds off and absorbs the reward by adopting changes at a slower pace, after they've garnered "real world" testing.  (High txn fees are bad, but breakage is worse).
I wouldn't be surprised if BTC eventually does alter the block size; but there are many other options besides just doubling it, requiring more study first.   As well, segwit's effect will take time to establish itself, and it's always better scientific method to alter a minimal set of variables at a time, as this helps isolate the effects of various changes.
Like many other types of engineering, being methodical, patient, and learning from others' mistakes are paramount.  It's especially help if you're the one giving them the blueprints to make the mistakes with :)
edit: fixed typos
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:00:16
Although they should be wary, it looks like the ElectrumX server authors are trying to push BCH as the default bitcoin chain ([thread 1]( [thread 2]( and treat segwit as an altcoin that must be explicitly enabled on the server. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 20:39:52
Just segwit.  The ElectrumX devs made a change in a recent server release so that the default network ("mainnet"), which was previously pointing to the BTC chain, now points to the BCH chain by default.  For server operators who update, they now have to explicitly select "bitcoin-segwit" to keep following the BTC chain.  
The devs even seem resistant to renaming "mainnet" to "bitcoin-cash", or something less contentious; and also resistant to switch the default back to the BTC chain.
So it's still *usuable*, but it sounds like rather than trying to provide an agnostic implementation that supports both, 
they have an agenda and are using their project &amp; default config changes as their pulpit; which makes me uncomfortable about it's future.
I'm glad this is separate from the Electrum client, which has seemed much more levelheaded about these issues; as well as seems to be defensively programming against mis / unexpected server configuration (as it should be anyways!).
@_date: 2017-11-16 13:39:57
While he didn't directly create them; he's consistently backed a number of Satoshi's True Vision (tm) coins over the years... Bitcoin Classic, Bitcoin XT, Bitcoin Unlimited, and now Bitcoin Cash.   
Once you get going, get the rollout-pump-dump strategy polished, it's probably pretty profitable to do. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:28:09
It amazes me the number of people who unquestioningly believe the Efficient Market Hypothesis.  Particularly for smaller stocks / markets like crypto, which have investors that *don't* do their research, are prone to being swayed by daily sentiment, are subject to noisy information channels, etc.  
And worst of all, events like the B2X hard fork, where no one actually knows what will happen, because the information the market needs *simply isn't there*.
@_date: 2017-11-12 16:50:04
That actually sounds like an interestingly useful thing for BTC as well; though wouldn't be surprised at all if there's some catch I'm not immediately seeing, that would let it be gamed.
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:30:27
Case in point, the credit default swap banking crisis ... traders *literally* didn't understand the instruments they were working with. They assumed the name &amp; rating were real, without examining the details.  In that case, because the information was so complex and inaccessible, no one figured it out until after the crash.
@_date: 2017-11-17 21:09:03
And bug  he apparently also forgot to change the configuration so that the block they mined next *would* be big!  If the 2x miners hadn't stumbled waiting for 782, the block they mined next for 783 would still have been 1mb, and all the btc1 nodes would STILL be stuck waiting for the big 783 they wanted.
There had to have been NO testing of this codebase, for something so fundamental to have not been caught.
@_date: 2017-10-08 15:40:06
Not a tax accountant, so take this w/ grain of salt...
My understanding of the IRS's position:
Crypto is property, you purchase it with capital.  The moment you sell it, you're giving up ownership of something, just like a stock.  So the difference in "sell price - purchase price" is a capital gain, which is taxable per normal capital gains rules.   
Per their interpretation, it's not a matter of where you store property, or if you relocate it, the taxable "gains" event occurs the moment you lose ownership of the property (i.e. when the trade is executed). 
Similarly, trading one crypto for another (e.g. BTC &lt;-&gt; ETH) is viewed as barter... in which case the IRS treats it as two actions: a sale of BTC, and a purchase of ETH.  
In that case they probably prefer using "current market value" for assessing the sale price of BTC (and thus purchase price of the ETH).  But if you're feeling lucky, you could pretend you sold all that BTC for $1 USD, delaying the capital gains issue until the ETH is sold... but I think there's so much opportunity for fraud there, that an IRS audit would come down hard on that. 
Personally, I've been trying to be honest, and file all my gains using FORM 8938 (stock trades), since it's enough money I wouldn't want to suddenly have back taxes on.
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:23:32
I agree, nodes defining the consensus is how it should be per spec.  But that's the spec of how the network operates, *not* the reality of how the entire ecosystem (people, message boards, client apps, exchanges, nodes, miners, etc) is functioning.
One issue is that nodes aren't any good without users, and a lot users *do* (mistakenly) believe the hashrate dictates the consensus.  If the majority feel that way, and B2X convinces the miners there's more money to be had with their nodes, and the users then follow due to *their* mistaken belief -- "hashrate = consensus" becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy, specification be damned.  
Us users are also a programmable part of the network. If there's a mismatch between user's conception of the network, and what the design was intending, the design spec is going to break first.
IMO what's more likely is that B2X's nodes will be left out in the cold; through a similar mechanic of abandonment. I think enough of the market knows exactly where their money is safest: It followed core through the segwit update, and I think (technical merits aside), the market recognizes the btc1 client doesn't have developers with the steady stewardship needed for something as major as bitcoin. 
*edit:* The other problem I see right now is that while each node equals a vote, a relatively small % of users are actually casting "votes"; making it easier for B2X to spin up new nodes of their own.  This is probably is because many users don't realize they *can* cast votes, thus re-enforcing the "hashrate equals consensus" mindset.  That needs fixing. 
@_date: 2017-10-20 14:16:08
Software developer here; though I'm strictly an investor as far as bitcoin goes.  And as an investor, I don't think there's that much that can be done (pro- or con- 2X)...
Miners expend energy to generate blocks; Nodes have to decide whether to accept/reject those blocks per their concensus rules; Users / Lightweight clients then have to pick nodes supporting the concensus rules they agree with. 
Despite what is said many places, no single group actually decides the issue.  Split any one of those groups out, and there is no bitcoin.  Split off a fraction of each of those groups, and you have two bitcoin networks / chains.  
Market forces are likely to cause a complex interplay, that's hard to predict the steady-state at the end,.
It's true, miners have a disproportionately larger voice, probably because they're the ones creating something of direct value: a block with transactions sealed inside.  So if a large number of them go one way, a large % of the other groups will probably follow, just to maintain operations.
But some nodes / users will be actively opposed to the miner's majority ruleset.  If there's enough of *them*, the blocks being mined (no matter how generally "valuable") will suddenly be unable to find a market.  So what value are their blocks then? If the user/node concensus is strong enough, this could potentially sway weak-handed miners that would have chosen one fork, to go with another just to maximize profit. 
And on and on... it's a complex dynamic system.  I didn't mean this post to get so long.  There's CS / math techniques such as markov chains which might be able to model things, but I think getting raw data to feed them would be too tricky. Furthermore, the B2X node software "btc1" has taken steps to deliberately obscure it's presence on the network, to make such data-gathering (and banning by "core" nodes) difficult.  
My strategy is watch the markets, HODL until the dust clears, and hope I have BTC value left.  Also, while I tried to be objective in all my above statements... I think the B2X development team has proven seriously under prepared to steward something like bitcoin.  If 2X wins, I'll likely cash out into ETH &amp; USD. 
@_date: 2017-10-08 15:15:50
The New York Agreement "segwit now, only if 2x later" was mostly agreed only by people who wanted 2x above all else.  There was no general positive concensus among users, nodes, miners, etc; much less a binding agreement. 
Even if that *was* a binding agreement... one of it's conditions was that they wouldn't hardfork bitcoin until segwit rolled out.  Which was it was broken by the NYA members who then implemented the BCH hard fork.   
And it could also be considered bad-faith rushing to push 2x now, since most wallets haven't even completed their rollout of user-facing segwit support, so NYA's waiting until segwit rolls out hasn't been triggered.
Then there's various acting in bad-faith arguments that could be made about *how* they're implementing 2x, but those get into greyer areas.