@_author: ryhano
@_date: 2015-02-22 22:58:58
Pi for $30, external disk for $50.  Network might get expensive.  People could run very small nodes from home, or pay about $50/mo for colocation in a datacenter.  Doable.
Would be even cooler to turn this into a system of distributed low-budget bitcoin powered hosting.  Let the owners cover the server bill if for whatever reason fullnode.co couldn't one month by selling the hosting to others.
Edit: forgot to mention that the $50/mo could cover multiple machines, to add a little more power to alternative hosting locations.  Not as decentralized, but wouldn't hurt to beef up independent providers.
@_date: 2013-12-27 18:23:54
Oops.  Missed your comment.
In general, I've got a [BitBucket]( without too much on it.
In regards to this project, it's currently closed source, although I might just toss it with an open source licence at some point; my idea was to have a simple, hosted solution as a service, not as a project for each person to host themselves; I've got a CDN for the traffic already so it shouldn't be a big deal (and I'm planning to be around forever)
@_date: 2013-12-27 18:15:35
Isn't the appeal of cold storage that it is disconnected from the network, so that "directions" (API calls to a web service, malware on your local machine, etc.) can't be sent to control the wallet, and that it requires _you_ to physically do something?
Bitcoins could be stored on a hard drive, paper, or any other storage device that is disconnected, but any "command" to retrieve coins (by reconnecting hard drive, scanning paper, or otherwise getting access) could just as easily be spoofed, and the companies software could just as easily be fooled (by a haxxor of course&lt;/sarcasm&gt;).
Here's a proposition that popped into my head:  A website that accepts bitcoins to be sent into it, stores the details on an offline form and deletes networked details, and then snail mails the details to the user.  I think this might be a possible direction for a "cold storage" transaction system built on Bitcoins, but wouldn't be instant.
Heh, now I sort of want to build this.