@_author: rync
@_date: 2016-04-29 23:51:44
That's why I think the community needs to calibrate its expectations and standards against the status quo. Its blind enthusiasm for simple "x but with bitcoin" products doesn't help the startups or the community because it doesn't push them to make "x but better because of bitcoin" products which is what a bitcoin killer app would need to be.
@_date: 2016-04-27 21:57:58
Why can't the parents buy steam credits for their children directly?
How does bitcoin cut out the middlemen it hates so much when the entire currency owes its very existence to exchanges acting as the middleman. The parent in your example still has to give ID and banking info to a third party to buy bitcoins, and in this example the payment goes through two middlemen (the exchange then Bitpay, who then has to convert it back to fiat) before reaching Valve.
Bitcoin would be awesome if everyone could mine some themselves, but because they no longer can, bitcoin isn't actually working as intended as p2p cash - for as long as buyers need to buy bitcoins with fiat (i.e. new adopters) and merchants convert back to fiat so they can actualize profit, then what's actually transferring and storing the value are the centralized exchanges not the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-04-29 22:34:48
You're illustrating the point I'm trying to make - buyer protection and some way for the seller to buyer to communicate is the status quo of all existing marketplaces, not some sort of feature that bitcoin or OB uniquely provides or does better.
@_date: 2016-04-29 16:26:14
I think your worry is a bit premature (though well founded). Your foremost concern when working with a Chinese manufacturer is whether they will deliver on time and meet your quality requirements. The function of a good agent would be someone who can help ensure that by visiting the manufacturers in person and doing the quality checks on your behalf (and communicate manufacturing issues ASAP, not tell you on the delivery date that they can't deliver). This is where most hardware startups fail - they don't realize that Chinese manufacturers routinely overpromise and underdeliver, and as a new startup there's really nothing you can do if that happens.
You shouldn't let the fear of your product being copied prevent you from pursuing it; if your product is worth copying then it means it will already have achieved some measure of success. If you invest in good branding (presentation, customer service, quality control, documentation etc), then you can still do well.
@_date: 2016-04-27 22:28:34
But whether your friend gets GBP depends more on his exchange's willingness to transfer the GBP to his bank account (centralized, permissioned); the transaction can be confirmed on the blockchain but if the exchange doesn't pay out then it doesn't really matter what the blockchain says. Similarly, even if the transaction confirms immediately, the time for the GBP to actually get to him still depends on how fast the exchange can then get that value to him through the banking infrastructure that already exists.
@_date: 2016-04-29 20:25:47
I'm not saying you should use Fiverr, but that this is just another "x but with bitcoin" idea that doesn't even require bitcoin or OB to work, but somehow because the OP takes bitcoin it becomes the top post on I think its harmful for to be automatically enthusiastic about new ideas, startups, or businesses as long as it involves bitcoin somehow, because it drives out useful insights and constructive criticism that helps them avoid expensive mistakes at the early stages of development.
Take OB for example: the status quo of e-commerce is such that a consumer can now buy something on Amazon with 1 click and receive it in two days and buy something on eBay without separately logging in to Paypal. So if you create a marketplace that requires the user to download and install something and buy a separate currency they don't already own to pay, then you're creating a lot of friction for the buyer to participate. You lose conversions every step of the way from download, install, connect, search, to checkout, that's why the big players have invested so much time and money to streamlining the process. Jumping through hoops (i.e. tor and bitcoin) works for DNMs because alternatives to do the same things more easily don't exist, but there are plenty of clearnet marketplace and payment options for both the merchants and the customer.
So what if instead the feedback provided to OB by the community wasn't "wow this is a gamechanger, can't wait for release, where's the moon guy?" but instead, "hey the concept is great but maybe to be competitive you need a browser interface from the beginning, and maybe provide an additional option for the user to pay with more mainstream payment methods if they prefer?" 
@_date: 2016-04-29 18:41:12
Happy cake day - Fiverr was just an example (4 results show up for me), you can google China agent for pages of more results.
It's an established and competitive industry - the fact that you think it's a pretty good business opportunity is actually exposing your lack of familiarity in this space. If you'd like to read more about it  gives you a pretty comprehensive overview of the sourcing agent landscape.
@_date: 2016-04-28 01:07:25
You say that as if it's totally a realistic thing for someone to do instead of just pulling out their credit card or logging into Paypal to buy a game on Steam.
@_date: 2016-04-29 16:06:21
What function does Bitcoin play in this? How is it different from agents you can find on Fiverr? 
@_date: 2016-04-29 21:47:09
There's no easy answer because that's why hardware is hard: your ability to find a good manufacturer and hold them to your quality standards is going to be part of what defines how successful you'll be.
@_date: 2015-06-28 02:40:49
I appreciate the answers but I'm genuinely curious. I understand the technological, ideological, and speculative appeal of bitcoin, and this fascinates me. I also understand that bitcoin is being used for grey (or even black) areas like gambling and darknet markets. But all of these things seem to be pretty niche.
My comment history will show bias against bitcoin being adopted by the mainstream, but I'm wondering if that bias has blinded myself from any actual practical benefits of the currency.
@_date: 2015-06-28 03:28:58
But most people don't have reservations purchasing items with credit cards, and most (all?) of the major credit card processors (Paypal, Stripe) don't actually pass your credit card details to the merchant - the transaction is tokenized from the merchant's point of view. Plus, credit card companies have extensive anti fraud measures (which can be inconvenient) and will refund unauthorized transactions at the merchant's expense.
In fact, it seems like most of the major credit card breaches in recent years have been from brick and mortar POS systems (quick google search seems to back this up: 
Isn't paying with bitcoin actually riskier by design because there is no way to recover lost funds as a result of theft or fraud? 
@_date: 2015-06-28 07:44:04
This is also a fascinating response, but I asked,


 
but your answer is


@_date: 2015-06-28 06:08:18
Right, and your ideological basis for owning bitcoins, while fascinating to me, is not shared by the average joe, who's not concerned about frozen bank accounts or government control (though I'm sure you're of the opinion they should be).
@_date: 2015-06-28 04:06:22
So doesn't this make bitcoin a solution looking for a problem to solve? It seems like the approach is "how do we solve this with bitcoin?" rather than "how do we solve this?"
edit: in fact, what is the problem that a full circle bitcoin economy would solve?
@_date: 2015-06-28 04:01:15
A high rate of chargebacks is a symptom of how the business is run not a problem with the credit card system itself. Chargebacks are as much a feature for credit cards as chargebackless is for bitcoin. It makes it the responsibility of the merchant to deliver as promised and to make sure that the charges have been authorized. Bitcoin instead places the burden on the customer to vet the trustworthiness of the merchant and their promises, and is a buyer's beware transaction that has burned more than a handful of people who have no hope for recourse.
@_date: 2015-06-28 15:54:50
What evidence is there that a practical problem of trust exists except for a small minority of people? How does bitcoin go from being a niche solution to this niche problem into something that will be widely adopted (i.e. a full circle  bitcoin economy) , especially when in addressing the problem of trust, it has created unique problems of its own (i.e. transaction speed, fluctuation in purchasing power)?
edit: I would even argue that the problem of trust hasn't been solved, because to use bitcoin (to convert my fiat to bitcoins) I still have to trust the exchange.
@_date: 2015-06-30 18:02:04
What happens when that 10k runs out? 
@_date: 2015-06-28 15:42:58
Isn't the internet already a decentralized network that also works for the transfer of value? This is what I'm trying to wrap my head around - I get that bitcoin is viable for a lot of niche use cases, but it seems like almost all of the "x ... but with bitcoin!" solutions are functionally inferior to what already exists. Why is something purported to be a disruptive payment technology slower and more computationally expensive than the system it seeks to replace at inception, and by design?
If the problem is with fiat, then why build a system that literally relies on it to function? Bitcoin only works because the current banking infrastructure works - if it didn't, how are people supposed to acquire BTC in the first place?
@_date: 2015-06-28 04:56:21
Then what is it about bitcoin that makes the comparison to early internet more apt than to technologies that did not end up attaining widespread adoption? 
edit: I have actually used bitcoin to buy something. Bitcoin is relatively easy to spend, but it sucked hard to buy. It involved first having to google for ways to buy bitcoin, then googling the chosen exchange to check whether it's legit. My choices were bank transfer (have to walk to my bank) or to make an interac transfer through my online banking account. I opted for the interact option but paid for that convenience in the form of a way shittier spread (making whatever I was going to buy more expensive in dollar terms, in effect making me bear a hidden transaction fee). I actually had to transfer a little bit more than that, just in case the exchange rate changed. It gave me some pause when I realized that for all this work and additional costs to me, using bitcoin didn't inherently make the transaction any more anonymous, and actually ended up providing more information (like my birthday iirc) to more third parties than paying with Paypal or credit card. 
@_date: 2015-06-30 18:02:21
What happens when that cash runs out?
@_date: 2015-06-28 04:23:21
What advantage does bitcoin have in this application over, say, Paypal gift, or even an altcoin? Why would someone buy BTC with USD to settle an USD debt?
@_date: 2015-06-28 06:10:02
I hate that part too, so I usually use Paypal or Amazon payments if available, and lastpass autofill if it's not.
@_date: 2015-06-28 04:42:59
I haven't spent a lot of time on adult webcam sites (which is what I'm assuming you're referring to), but my impression is that the vast majority of them allow viewers to tip by first purchasing tokens with your credit card, no?
@_date: 2015-06-30 18:11:00
So if my euros aren't running out, why am I buying bitcoins?
@_date: 2015-06-29 01:42:34
Your Prius analogy would be closer to reality if you had to drive your SUV to pick up the Prius everytime you wanted to get anywhere. Until Bitcoin has it's own functioning, full circle economy, the reality is that you will always have to rely on the traditional banking infrastructure to convert your fiat to bitcoin.
So how do we get to a full circle bitcoin economy?
and you both claim that adoption will begin with bitcoin as a store of value. There's nothing inherent to bitcoin's design that makes it a good store of value; as historical prices will show, bitcoin is in fact prone to speculative price pressures. Just because it eventually will have a fixed supply doesn't mean that prices will stabilize; holding supply constant still allows changes in price depending on demand.
Even if we go against the evidence and accept that bitcoin is a good store of value, what would be the mechanism through which it drives merchant adoption?  Noodsterdam - in the paragraph right after he establishes bitcoin as a store of value - says "Eventually merchants start start finding that Bitcoin spending during bubbles is a fair size of their payment pie". So which is it? Bitcoin can't be a good store of value and have bubbles that occur frequently enough to promote spending.
Since the supply of bitcoin is fixed, and assuming widespread merchant adoption, the price of bitcoin will have already gone up drastically and will continually to go up. If that's the case, what incentive is there for me to spend it? The longer I hold my bitcoins, the more things I would be able to buy with it - why buy that yacht today if I can wait a few years and afford a jet (or more modestly, a slightly bigger yacht?)? 
You say in your other comment that "saving money as the functional equivalent of investing in the overall economy", but with bitcoin it isn't, by design. In a traditional banking economy you would be right because your bank now has more money with which to invest. But with bitcoin, you are taking money out of the system: reducing the supply of money and reducing the demand for goods and services in the bitcoin economy at that particular point in time.
@_date: 2015-06-30 18:37:43
Why can't I simply be interested in what people who hold viewpoints opposite to mine have to say?
@_date: 2015-06-28 14:19:57
There is no additional cost for the consumer to use credit cards. Credit card companies are not charities - they are businesses that offer a valuable service for merchants, and merchants are in turn willing to pay for that service.
@_date: 2015-06-28 03:47:33
So what would be the mechanism through which the 3 things happen? 3 seems like something startups are working on, but I don't see any reason/incentive for companies to pay employees in a currency other than the local one (bitcoin or otherwise).
In fact, it seems like 1 and 2 is a bit of a chicken and egg problem: in order for merchants to pay their employees in bitcoin, they have to receive enough of it from sales. But for everyday merchants to accept bitcoins, there must be enough people willing to spend them. Otherwise everyday transactions made with bitcoin is essentially a foreign currency transaction for both the customer and the merchant.
@_date: 2016-01-22 05:58:20
It's a perfect fit for bitcoin if you think about it. Bitcoin is against the establishment, middlemen and fees the same way Brave is anti-ads. Yet all bitcoin is doing is replacing them with mining cartels and VC-backed services whose entire business model is charging fees as the middleman, the same way Brave will replace existing ads with their own.
@_date: 2016-03-04 04:23:41
Hasn't the free market already decided that being consumer leaning is the way to go then? Visa, MC, Amex, Discover, and Paypal have all made the deliberate decision to do this.
e: also, your service is an example of why saying bitcoin transactions are cheaper than credit card ones is not an apples to apples comparison - credit card transactions cost merchants more, but they also have many more value added features for both the merchant and the consumer that merchants are willing to pay for.
@_date: 2016-01-31 03:42:42
So you know this is basically how Nigerian scams work right?   Whichever lawyer convinced you that you have a legit case against TD (rather than, say, the scammer) is pretty much scamming you too.
@_date: 2016-03-04 03:21:16
How is the solution to an (intentionally) consumer-leaning arbitration process zero consumer protection?
Chargebacks and reversibility of payments (i.e. merchant refunds) are features that took additional effort to build into credit card systems, not some sort of technological shortcoming that can only be solved using bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-03-03 18:29:53
"People who have never used it" happens to be the same group of people that bitcoin needs to appeal to for growth. It's counterproductive to alienate the mainstream by scoffing at their concerns and criticisms while hoping for mainstream adoption at the same time.
@_date: 2016-06-11 22:52:12
"Payment confirmation" means...payment confirmation, and it's practically instant for all online payment systems. You're only redefining it to mean irreversible because doing that would help make your case that bitcoin is better.
Online payment systems are designed to have reversible transactions for very good reasons. It's beneficial to the merchant if he wants to offer a refund, and it's beneficial to the customer for his protection. Most credit card payments are not reversed; the average chargeback rate is way under 1%, and many businesses experience under 0.2% chargeback ratios (
Only in do solutions that are implemented to solve actual problems and add value to a service get redefined as problems for bitcoin to solve. 
@_date: 2016-06-12 12:10:32
It's more complex to build a refundable payment system, but somehow people treat it as a shortcoming that bitcoin solves, rather than a shortcoming of bitcoin that needs to be solved.
@_date: 2015-08-11 05:08:15
Why is it absurd? I've provided some examples - can you provide some of your own to support your claim?
@_date: 2015-08-11 04:54:53
I think this is a bad example to say that letting a central bank manage a currency is absurd. In the past year, the Yuan has had a high of $6.32 and a low of $6.11. In the same time span, BTC has a high of $568.21 and a low of $177.28. The tweet below is calling the Yuan's 1.9% drop the "biggest drop in history". 
What's so absurd about maintaining stability?
@_date: 2015-08-12 18:32:17
What does this have to do with bitcoin? He started doing it 3 years ago: 
@_date: 2015-08-15 18:20:58
If it costs you $500 to mine and you put it on an exchange for no less than $500, it simply wouldn't sell; just because it costs you $500 to mine bitcoin and you're unwilling to sell below that price doesn't mean it's worth $500 to anybody else when they can be buying at market price. 
"Markets are not a simple thing to break down in a single comment", but to focus solely on supply and scarcity and how it will lead to an increase in price -- like the article does and many comments here do -- is not just an oversimplification but completely ignoring that there are two determinants of price, and that demand has by far been the bigger driver in price movements.
@_date: 2015-08-04 14:57:16
People who actually hate bank fees enough just use credit unions; most people don't even bother switching.
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:28:09
@_date: 2015-08-15 18:41:14
Yes, but even if we assume that the supply of bitcoin is fixed right now, for the price to reach $500, there needs to be enough demand to buy up all the bitcoins from current price to $499. Capping the supply just means supply has no impact on price, and that price will directly reflect the demand for bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-11 07:33:03
Isn't the fact that "humans are susceptible to influence and irrationality" exactly why bitcoin has been so volatile? 
@_date: 2015-08-15 19:35:36
...What you said is actually counterfactual. Large enough sell orders at above the market price is considered a "bear whale" over at it effectively puts an upper limit on price trajectory; it is resistance that must be bought through before the price can go even higher. However, your $500 sell orders would effectively be irrelevant anyway - you can check the bitfinex order book to see how far down you have to scroll before you hit $500  (i.e. how many bitcoins sellers are willing to sell for less than $500)
On the other hand, if you put a bunch of buy orders with a limit price below market price, you can create support for a certain price level (bull whale), making it difficult for price to drop below that level, and giving speculators more confidence to buy in.
@_date: 2015-07-22 00:47:28
I'm working on the other reply but this is faster to reply to.
It seems like we agree: if someone is in a financial situation and has the risk tolerance to get into speculative investments then there's no reason for them to not consider bitcoin as one of them. I only have an issue when it's not being sold as such (i.e. without the fine print), especially to less sophisticated investors who may not account for or understand the risks involved, but I suppose that's true for every type of investment, especially speculative ones.
@_date: 2015-08-15 17:33:18
Why does it seem like everyone is focused so much on supply and scarcity when discussing bitcoin? If you consider bitcoin's price history, its price has minimal correlation to its supply. Supply does not explain bitcoin's price volatility or periods where bitcoin has steadily increased in price, since supply has been increasing at a steady rate.
Demand for bitcoin has always had the bigger influence on price - capping supply will not guarantee increasing price, because price will still fluctuate depending on demand; price will only increase if demand increases.
@_date: 2015-07-19 18:52:14
How do capital controls result in a total loss of your fiat? Let's consider what recent capital controls have looked like:
* [Iceland](


* [Cyprus](


* [Greece](


In none of these cases was there a total loss of your fiat.
@_date: 2015-07-16 18:37:13
I said it acts like one; I was commenting on the aspect that early adopters are enriched via the pockets of latecomers. True, you don't need to "recruit people beneath you in order to enjoy the benefits of Bitcoin", but the more people you recruit beneath you, the larger that benefit is. Is that a bad thing? Not necessarily, but it makes people suspicious of motives, especially when promoting bitcoin during the Greek crisis or for disaster relief.
Are you interested in continuing the discussion we had [here]( I enjoyed the discussion and actually did have a response typed out but I accidentally reloaded the page.
@_date: 2015-07-19 21:09:56
But you have no control over bitcoin's price, either...
@_date: 2015-07-20 00:44:05
I'm not sure how law enforcement harassment plays into a discussion on capital controls, so I'm not sure how your second paragraph works in the context of this discussion, but I agree if law enforcement is going door to door looking for money that crypto would be more difficult than a bank account or cash to confiscate. However, it's a bit of a security through obscurity argument, because if cryptos become widespread enough to matter to them, the government will then find it worthwhile to develop the sophistication to better monitor and understand its usage, the same way they've adapted to internet crimes or wire fraud (or the silk road trial).
I think bitcoin is great as a middleman commodity as you've described, but if it's being used as a vehicle to transfer value, wouldn't any increase in demand be offset once that bitcoin is then traded for the target asset (the pegged crypto)? Is there a reason to hold bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-08-21 18:57:34
Then maybe you'd be interested in considering where the guys who've developed the Hype Cycle think cryptocurrencies fits on their graph: 
@_date: 2015-07-19 17:55:09
But what's the strategy? To put your money into bitcoin before capital controls are in place, you are exposing your assets to ridiculous amounts of volatility, and there's no clear way for you to convert bitcoins back to your local currency in meaningful amounts when you need access to it once controls are in place. And once controls are relaxed or removed, wouldn't you expect people to want to convert bitcoins back to their local currency, tanking the price? How does someone considering using bitcoins to escape capital controls account for these unpredictable risks?
@_date: 2015-07-16 16:46:59
So, like a pyramid scheme it pays out until the money to pay out runs out.
@_date: 2015-07-24 16:19:37
Can't you apply this same idea to Bitcoin then? What makes it more likely for Bitcoin to succeed vs other cryptocurrencies that follow?
@_date: 2015-07-17 16:45:54
I think we need to distinguish bitcoin as a speculative commodity and bitcoin as a transactional currency. The general sentiment in seems to have moved away from promoting bitcoin as a transactional currency (for now?), because of the assumption that merchants will convert the bitcoin immediately back to fiat, having at best a zero net effect on price and offsetting the increased demand.
So instead the general sentiment seems to be to promote bitcoin as a speculative store of value (buy and hold, don't spend), which in my opinion is irresponsible. The general public has no experience in or understanding of currency or commodities trading; most people would not even think of holding a currency they have no organic use case for. As a class of investment and by their very nature, forex and commodities trading is tilted heavily against the retail trader, and this is without considering the price volatility of bitcoin itself.
It doesn't matter if the desire to promote bitcoin is based on greed or good faith; in the end it's still misguided financial advice because it's advocating the purchase of bitcoin on the promise of future profits, and it is in this sense that bitcoin acts like a pyramid scheme - the promise of future profits will only be fulfilled if new money is continually injected into the system.
Basically, even if you believe in bitcoin there's no reason for you to hold it; there are no downsides to buying bitcoin once you actually have an organic use case for it, the same way an American really only needs to buy Euros before traveling to Europe. The idea that one should purchase now is preying on people's fear of missing out.
@_date: 2015-07-19 18:14:44




@_date: 2015-07-19 20:34:03
You're right, I should've done more thorough research to give a complete picture, but the claim I was trying to support was that there wasn't a "total loss of your fiat". I'm glad that I didn't go further and conclude that there was no loss of fiat. 
It seems like depositors had 47.5% of their deposits over 100k converted to bank shares in Cyprus, which is different from "depositors with over 100k lost 47.5%", but I agree with your general point in context that people have lost money.
My general point, however, is that someone looking to evade capital controls has lots of difficult decisions to make, and bitcoin like any other evasion option has its associated risks that many perhaps have not have considered.
@_date: 2015-07-19 19:17:46
So what's the role bitcoin is playing then? Why not buy directly an altcoin that's pegged to traditional currencies (not enough liquidity possibly), or hold traditional currencies directly?
I'm not saying bitcoin isn't a viable option, but perhaps kindly consider that it's not the only or the optimal one when discussing the evasion of capital controls.
@_date: 2015-07-20 16:02:18
I admire your outlook in bitcoin! I'm personally more skeptical of its future, but participating in this thread has helped me realize that my distaste of the speculative aspect of bitcoin (and everything that it entails) has made me skeptical of areas where bitcoin has practical applications.
@_date: 2015-07-19 21:57:05
There's nothing wrong with that. By the same mechanism price will fall if people decided to convert back to their local currencies. Therefore, stable supply doesn't automatically lead to stable prices, like what you suggested.
@_date: 2015-08-17 16:36:40
But 1 USD = 1 USD.
@_date: 2015-07-18 16:23:39
Bitpay had one but they've since removed it.
@_date: 2015-07-19 16:18:46
Can you source your claim that "many legit sites" sell my information to third parties? If a site wants to sell my information, what difference does payment method make? Aren't they going to have my name and address information so they can ship products to me, regardless of whether I pay with bitcoin or credit card?
I don't understand why we can't just agree that bitcoin is worse than credit cards for online purchases by every criteria you can think of, simply because credit cards were designed and adapted for online purchases, and bitcoin isn't, and hasn't adapted yet.
It doesn't cost Visa anywhere near 2.9% to process a transaction (and all high volume merchants pay way less than that); it costs them less than a bitcoin transaction does to miners or even users. If anything, it speaks about the value of the Visa and MC networks that merchants are willing to pay that fee, when cheaper alternatives like dwolla or bitcoin exist but have not caught on.
@_date: 2015-07-19 20:51:15
Price will flatten with it, if demand is held constant as well. For example, if people decided to buy bitcoins to evade capital controls, you would expect the price to shoot up, no? 
@_date: 2015-07-19 19:51:39
Fixed supply still enables the price to fluctuate depending on demand. We can already observe how the demand for bitcoin has a bigger impact on price than its supply.
@_date: 2015-07-16 23:43:10
In some ways, we agree on where bitcoin stands now; our differences in viewpoint is an issue of evolution vs design intent. Your claim is that Bitcoin can eventually evolve to become what you want it to be: frictionless transactions and a good store of value. While I don't discount that possibility, my problem with that is that Bitcoin was either not designed with these objectives in mind, or if it had these objectives in mind, it wasn't very well designed. 
In meeting its primary objective of being a decentralized, trustless currency, it requires transactions to be slower and more computationally expensive than the fiat equivalents. To put it another way, the very way bitcoin was designed makes it harder for it to be improved in ways that are important to most people.
Can it become faster and cheaper? Yes, but 6 years in and roughly half a billion dollars in investments later, that solution has yet to be implemented; a lot of money has been spent on making bitcoin work for the masses, and blockchain transactions have at best remain unchanged and at worst become slower and more expensive. Instead, startups have just found ways to work around its limitations (i.e. offchain transactions for speed, tying it to credit card networks for ease of spending). Bitcoin doesn't have a killer app not because of external factors, but because the obstacle it needs to overcome is itself.
Yet, by design there's no central authority to decisively steer bitcoin forward and improve it in fundamental ways. The block size limit debate will never achieve true consensus because everyone wants bitcoin to become different things, nevermind those who think bitcoin should never change because that's the way Satoshi envisioned it in the whitepaper. In bitcoin parlance, the "incentives aren't aligned". So bitcoin will inevitably always follow the path of least resistance, and that's often just the status quo. 
The design choice to not have a central authority also means that bitcoin lacks a mechanism with which to stabilize prices. The result is already evident: prices driven not by transactional demand, but by speculative demand subject to wild price swings. So far, bitcoin has not shown to be a good store of value (nevermind the best or ideal store of value relative to other types of assets, even relative to the Euro during the Greek crisis), and any future price stability can only be brought about by future demand stability, which is far from a sure thing.
We agree that it's possible for bitcoin to become what it promises to be, we just disagree on likelihood. 
As for whether holding is good for the bitcoin economy, I think what you didn't consider is that the kid who doesn't end up buying that used car doesn't mean that "someone else gets to enjoy the use of that car for another year." The reason the car was up for sale in the first place is because the seller wants the money he can get for the car more than he wants the car. If the kid chooses to save instead, the car will sell for less or may not sell at all, and as a result the seller perhaps can no longer afford that new car he wanted to buy. With a currency that appreciates in value, holding is a great individual strategy if everybody else spends (i.e. it's great for the kid to save while people are willing to pay him to mow lawns), but if everybody saved then the economy shrinks (it's not so great for the kid if people decide not to pay him to mow lawns, and instead mow the lawns themselves or have it mowed less frequently). 
More importantly, in a less simplified world where bitcoin exists alongside traditional inflationary currencies, it will always be more preferable to spend the local one, stunting merchant adoption and making a full circle bitcoin economy less likely; in the best case scenario where bitcoin stabilizes and becomes deflationary, there's no mechanism to translate that speculative demand into transactional ones. There's no hard data to back this up, but merchants no longer accepting bitcoin and the bitpay pivot both suggest that this is already occurring.
@_date: 2015-07-24 17:42:51
Because the debate is one involving one set of values vs another, and it affects different groups of people differently. Bitcoin doesn't have an organizational structure to reconcile these differences.
@_date: 2015-07-22 18:57:04
If you want to make the case that bitcoin is a settlement network not meant for small transactions, then that seems to not be Satoshi's design intent - he considers it a "peer-to-peer electronic cash system". Nonetheless, there are advantages to bitcoin as a settlement network, but those advantages depend on which settlement network you compare bitcoin to. For example, Fedwire too is irrevocable and has low transaction fees, and it's effectively instant, rather than "effectively irreversible in less than an hour" like bitcoin. Even in your apples-to-apples comparison, bitcoin's competitive advantage changes depending on which variety of apple you compare it to, especially when you consider that each settlement network has been specifically designed and adapted over time for its application. Then there's also the blockchain vs bitcoin argument - yes bitcoin has first mover advantage and network effects, but we've seen time and time again how they turn out to matter very little in the face of actual advancements in usability, practicality, and technology (Myspace vs Facebook, Yahoo (or alta vista) vs Google, Blackberry vs Apple, Napster vs bit torrent).
I think it's easy to talk about what bitcoin can potentially become, but that potential has to be tempered by looking back and observing the past trend of how bitcoin has progressed so far. If bitcoin has advanced as a settlement network, there isn't obvious evidence for it. The only thing that comes to mind is Nasdaq testing blockchain solutions, and Bitpay trying to make the pivot from merchant transactions to bank settlements. I'm not even suggesting that bitcoin has failed or will fail, just that the odds of widespread adoption are stacked against it. Six years is a long time for new technologies - how much time should we give bitcoin to implement a dominant use case that leads to widespread adoption? 
To build additional application layers on top of bitcoin would just be making bitcoin less bitcoin and more like fiat, reinventing the wheel and making that new wheel relevant for a much smaller number of users. To make bitcoin more useful you would have to centralize it and require trusted third parties (payment processors, exchanges, escrow/consumer protection etc), and it is in this sense that I mean that the biggest obstacle bitcoin has to overcome is itself. It's like saying we can make a Segway more useful by adding more wheels for stability and carrying capacity. Yes, you theoretically could, but cars already exist and are already widely used.
I don't think scarcity (or the method with which that scarcity exists, math vs government) in itself provides intrinsic value - useful applications for it does (if something else that is in demand can only be done, or done best with it). Just look at what altcoins are worth, even though many of them too have fixed supply backed by math - they're worth close to nothing because they have no unique value proposition that is in demand. Or the price history of gold, which also has a fixed supply and is apolitical.
If you consider the value of world currencies relative to each other, its supply (i.e. inflationary monetary policy) actually has very little to do with it (unless it's poorly managed, like Zimbabwe). Instead, you see Canadian dollars weakening relative to the USD because of a lower demand for CAD, and that's perhaps due to lowered interest rates in response to a slowing economy or a reduced market price for its exports (e.g. oil). Because bitcoin lacks a native economy of its own and is a foreign currency for everyone, its monetary policy doesn't actually matter at all - its purchasing power is driven solely by its exchange rate. Another way to think about this is that a bitcoin economy "imports" everything: goods, services, factors and means of production must all be purchased for traditional currencies (even miners must pay for electricity and purchase equipment in fiat). So the idea that as bitcoin becomes more valuable, that extra volume will stabilize prices (the anchoring effect you suggested) isn't observed in the real world; even major currencies fluctuate in value against one another.
@_date: 2015-11-21 01:52:24
It's funny because the Bitcoin ecosystem consists entirely of middlemen whose business model is to charge fees for the services they provide: exchanges, payment processors, miners, marketplaces.
Not that there's anything wrong with that, but I think it's a bit disingenuous to give banks, credit card companies or payment processors shit for charging fees the market is willing to bear, then embrace value added services in the bitcoin space for doing the bitcoin version of the same thing.
@_date: 2015-10-26 01:04:09
Why didn't you sell it on craigslist for no fees or shipping?
@_date: 2015-10-11 22:15:20
How does using bitcoin require the user to understand "Sign, hash, probability"?
What if it's not so much that bitcoin is hard to understand, but that it's hard to use?
@_date: 2015-10-14 01:22:58
Because a marketplace's value is in its ability to connect buyers and sellers, and using a currency fewer than 1% of the population owns severely limits its user base, and makes the marketplace less useful.
This is why eBay can continue to charge fees even though craigslist is free. It's not about fees - it's about value.
@_date: 2015-10-12 00:00:19
I don't disagree that bitcoin can be difficult to trust or understand, but I think the fundamental issue is that of cost vs benefits. The problem isn't so much that bitcoin is difficult to understand, trust, or use, but that because these intangible costs for using bitcoin are not outweighed by tangible benefits.
@_date: 2016-05-16 12:38:37
The 60% refers to "60% of businesses would use their bank if value-added services were offered." 
If you then go to the actual report at 
On page 9 the graphic indicates that around 8% of them would be interested in using "Blockchain, e.g. bitcoin".
@_date: 2016-05-04 22:52:20
Right, so my point was the government doesn't have to be able to regulate transactions to regulate bitcoin; by simply regulating the interfaces, they can simultaneously lower the value of my bitcoins and limit the options that I have to spend them.
@_date: 2016-05-04 21:03:11
If they can regulate the interfaces then the transactions themselves don't matter; it doesn't matter if you have 100 BTC in your wallet if there's no way to legally convert them to fiat, nevermind that if doing so does become illegal the value will already have plummeted.
@_date: 2015-10-26 01:51:05
Because you were willing to pay 45 dollars to use a service that is safer and more convenient than free/cheaper options. If you were willing to pay this much (i.e. that's how valuable the service is to you), why should eBay charge anything less?