@_author: ryocoon
@_date: 2014-07-05 03:11:17
Heh, Thanks. 
Always nice to be appreciated.
@_date: 2014-07-04 23:48:00
They (large financial institutions) largely already do this. They are required to keep a certain percentage of deposits separate and Gov't insures up to a certain amount per account/individual (Look up FDIC). Other than the required percent of retained deposits, they are free to invest, roll around in, etc the remaining funds that are above that required. There are some regulations on keeping private deposits private and operation costs coming from fees and other things, but they can use the deposits above the retainer percentage as investments in order to accrue their operational funds.
Yes it is stupid. I worked (as IT) in the financial industry so I had to understand a bunch of laws and how to audit the software and transactions against such things to ensure compliance. Some institutions are better about it than others (say your local Credit Union, vs BofA).
@_date: 2014-07-05 01:49:00
The required percentage assets would be returned to authenticatable members (IE: Had gov't identification, location, SSNs, etc on file), If the bank did not have enough even with their required percentage to match the FDIC guarantee that normal and big Banks have (which Credit Unions _DO NOT_ have by the way, so they operate a little different), then the Gov't steps in and refunds directly the remaining difference up to the guarantee point.
Operational funds that were kept separate (properly removed from deposit/investment pool as income) could be retained to pay off creditors and existing contract orders.
However, this is Mt.Gox we are talking about, which was not set up, nor regulated as a financial venture at all, other than pushing some bits about. The closest they got to being a "bank" was being closer to a ForEx broker (foreign exchange; buy one money, give back another, etc) and those are regulated by a complete different set of rules. However, once again, they weren't properly incorporated as such either, so weren't subject to said rules and scrutiny (even if they should have been).
@_date: 2019-06-08 21:20:41
Those are sheets of MDF and shred compressed plywood hacked together to make a slight heat/air barrier. Also with what looks like several holes for power supply aeration and  tubes from fan vents. Those vents probably are out-blowing to escape hot air from miners (custom ASICs, FPGAs, and GPGPUC rigs).
Mind you, this is just a guess from the image. The idea is you end up with a sauna on one side and a really noisy place on both sides. If they were really trying to prepare for summer, they likely would also have A/C rigs that would put out cold air on the miner side and bleed their hot air out to this hot side, and then they would extend all these holes and tubes and pack some foam and/or rockwool/fiberglass insulation against these walls. Further, they will want some fans on one side or the other of the power supplies, and really large diameter fans (like box fans or roof aeration fans) to push that hot ugly mess of air outside into the equally hot summer world.
@_date: 2019-06-12 07:44:32
Sounds good then. I tend to over-engineer things to handle much tighter fault-tolerances. If what you have works for you, than its good enough (excluding public/architectural engineering and spatial navigation projects).
We already hit about 104F here, looks to be going down, but I bet we'll see higher before the summer is through. All my equipment is fine, but we're already seeing transformers having issues (power blips) and I bet we see a few pop if heat keeps up. UPS's can only do so much.