@_author: rytisb
@_date: 2017-02-05 05:45:03
Hi, this is a good question.
Let's call the block found by the first miner "Block A", and the block found by the second miner "Block B". If both blocks started propagating at the same time, part of the miners would receive "Block A" first, and another part of the miners would receive "Block B" first. Each miner would start mining the next block on top of the one they received first, therefore part of the miners would be trying to create "Block A + 1", and another part of the miners would be trying to create "Block B + 1". When one of the miners managed to create the next valid block (let's say it was one of the miners trying to create "Block A + 1"), they would send it to the rest of the miners. Those miners who were trying to create "Block A + 1", would start trying to create "Block A + 2". Those miners who were trying to create "Block B + 1", would see that a longer valid chain of blocks exists, would drop "Block B", and would also start trying to create "Block A + 2".
The dropped block is called an "Orphan" or an "Orphaned Block". Following the above example, the transactions in "Block B" (which did not exist in "Block A") would become "unconfirmed" and would get added to the unconfirmed transactions list (until they would be included in a valid block again). It is important to note, that most of the transactions from "Block B" would usually exist in "Block A" too, so the number of transactions which would become "unconfirmed" is much less than the total number of transactions in "Block B".
This situation happens relatively often - about once each 3 days (in the last 60 days it happened 19 times): 
In the unlikely situation that "Block A + 1" and "Block B + 1" would be found at the exact time again, the same thing would happen (part of the miners would be trying to create "Block A + 2", and another part of the miners would be trying to create "Block B + 2"), and if "Block A + 2" was found first, those miners who were trying to create "Block B + 2" would drop "Block B" and "Block B + 1", and would start trying to create "Block A + 3". The same principle can be applied infinitely, although the probability of such situation happening several times in a row approaches 0 exponentially fast with each additional step.
Please let me know if you need additional explanation or have any more questions.
@_date: 2016-03-30 08:44:27
Do you have access to the address to which you sent the bitcoins? I have had the same situation a few days ago, and managed to get it confirmed using CPFP (child-pays-for-parent), but for this to work you will need:
1. Private key of the receiving address (do NOT give your private key to anyone);
2. Bitcoin Core or other Bitcoin wallet allowing to write manual commands to console;
3. Patience and carefulness.
@_date: 2016-06-11 21:19:19
"Payment confirmation" means "when payment becomes irreversible". Can you give an example of an online payment method, where payments are confirmed faster than Bitcoin payments? Credit card and PayPal payments are confirmed (become irreversible) in several weeks, Bitcoin payments are confirmed (become irreversible) in several minutes. Bitcoin is not perfect, but it is much better than traditional online payment systems.
@_date: 2016-09-17 16:04:18
As Bitcoin currently is, no more new bitcoins will be created after the block 6929999 is mined (projected to be mined around the year 2140). If the divisibility of bitcoins is raised past 8 decimal points, then new bitcoins will be created even after that point, but still there will never be more than 21 million bitcoins.
By the year 2040, 99% of all bitcoins will have been mined, that is why some people are saying it will end in the year 2040.
More information: 
In graph form: 