@_author: ryu_is_lost
@_date: 2017-12-22 08:35:20
Unfortunately, this is the reality of using bitcoin in the real-world folks. Beyond the memes and echochambers of the online forums that hype up its efficacy, the actual essence of its worth as a currency, is truly defective. But in the face of all of this, bitcoin is still obviously succeeding as a way of earning money without actually doing anything. Irrespective of its failings, it still has the potential to earn you a boat load of cash in a short period of time as evidently shown by its history this year.
I'm personally of the theory that bitcoin's progressive movements are mostly down to viral, social, memes that are projecting this *idea* of a future of profound worth that will one day change your life, *so you better join the ride now while you can still afford it!* And that's the thing! Even with this broken system, bitcoin may still succeed because of this social momentum... ]
Goes a little something like this: Buy low... watch as it rises... tell mum and dad that you've just earned $1000... Tell friends they should join your method of success... friends and family join... crashes... show them history of bitcoin recovery, don't panic... some panic and jump... bitcoin recovers due to investors looking to repeat cycle, I told you so... repeat cycle... 
Nothing in that example above chain is using bitcoin for everyday usage, it's just emotions and investment. That's where bitcoin will continue to see success! Not on the frontlines of the real-world where people like OP have to suffer.
The problem for you and I is, we can now see these fundamental failings of bitcoin (If we actually pay attention to the usage of bitcoin and not just upvote memes) and that means we now have to make the call if we wish to still remain on the bitcoin train. Do we hold, in the hopes that the social momentum will take us to the promised land, irrespective of the faults. Or do we jump ship now, knowing that we won and had a good ride. Personally, I haven't quite decided.
@_date: 2017-08-13 13:52:36
It's been awhile since I've heard that song. What was it originally from?
@_date: 2017-08-13 14:38:35
My man.