@_author: ryxik
@_date: 2014-01-26 01:48:50
Weird. When I posted that it was working for me and I don't have a subscription. Here's the text:
East Side chiropractor Steven Schram isn't your typical spine man. The intellectual adventurer has a Ph.D. in chemistry and a passion for computer programming. But what really sets him apart? The doctor is accepting Bitcoin, the nascent digital currency backed by no government and recognized by few banks. It's a bit of a risk, he admits. If the currency's value tumbles, he's out of luck.
On the other hand, he hasn't had much opportunity for financial derring-do. While he offers a 10% discount to patients who pay in Bitcoin, no one has taken him up on the deal. "That's great," clients say. "Now let me write you a check."
Most folks still don't understand the currency, says Dr. Schram, who envisions a brave new "Bitcoin economy." He's one of the prescient few who got in early, before the value of a single coin zoomed to more than $800. How early, and how much did he invest? Dr. Schram wouldn't say: "I don't want it asked and I don't want it answered!"
Well, I'm not afraid to disclose my own Bitcoin situation. I now own one-eighth of one coin, worth roughly $93. And it wasn't easy to get my paws on the thing.
There are scads of websites swapping dollars for Bitcoin, but most look a little shady, or have a wait period. I turned to Patrick Cheng, who hosts biweekly Bitcoin workshops at his Chinatown videogame repair shop, xCubicle. He invited me over so he could set me up.
Enlarge Image
A Bitcoin transaction via cellphone. Cassandra Giraldo for The Wall Street Journal
The easiest way to buy Bitcoin, it seems, is to cop it directly from people looking to unload their own. Mr. Cheng showed me how to download a Bitcoin wallet app to my iPhone so I had a place to store my digital currency. I gave him $100 cash. Then the magic happened: He used his own phone to scan the digital address code displayed on my screen, pressed a button and—zap—made a transfer. "Look!" he said. "Your very first Bitcoin!"
Actually, it took few more steps than that. The technology is super clunky. Think of the Internet circa 1992, when only die-hard geeks could figure out how to send an email.
But now I was ready to spend, and I was in the right place. According to CoinMap.org, New York has more businesses accepting Bitcoin than any other U.S. city. There are 60, including two dentists, three law firms, a handful of restaurants and a dog-walking outfit.
I went straight to the most celebrated, Greene Ave. Market in Fort Greene. It's the kind of place that sells vegan-nacho-gluten-free leafy kale chips. A sign in the window said, "Bitcoin accepted. 10 percent discount."
With a deal like that, why settle for one $6 bouquet of deli flowers? I grabbed two and took them up to the counter.
"I'd like to pay in Bitcoin," I said.
The clerk smiled: "Do you have enough time?"
Uh oh.
First, she had to call her boss and have him text her the store's Bitcoin address, a 34-digit string of alphanumeric code that she told me to type into my phone's payment app.
"You're kidding," I said.
"No," she said patiently. "I will help you."
This took some doing. Letter by number, she read me the code as I typed it in. Customers lined up behind us; a manager had to fill in on the register.
The clerk checked my work and corrected my flubs. Next, she calculated my discount and converted the total to Bitcoin. I entered the amount and zapped her my payment. But wait! There was more. She had to call her boss again to ensure he'd received a text confirming the transaction.
Bitcoin was looking like the worst money ever.
Enlarge Image
Some 3D printed Bitcoin. Cassandra Giraldo for The Wall Street Journal
"It's cumbersome," Greene Ave. Market owner Daniel Lee agreed later. "But that's the price you pay for getting in early." Now that I was set up, I could use Bitcoin at his store with the ease of a debit card, he said. And from a shop owner's perspective, it's a dream. Mr. Lee avoids the stiff fees charged by card companies, receives instant payment and attracts business from Bitcoin fanatics all over the city.
For some, the main appeal of getting in on Bitcoin is the sense that one has joined a community creating history. There's a Bitcoin meet-up somewhere in town several nights a week. And while Bitcoin has no official backer or regulator (it's produced and monitored by a global band of volunteer techies), it now has an unofficial home in the city: Bitcoin Center NYC, an impressively humongous storefront space around the corner from the New York Stock Exchange.
Open to the public, the place is staffed with friendly Bitcoin ambassadors like Austin Alexander, the young deputy director who looked resplendent in a sharp navy blue suit. He couldn't be more enthusiastic about the digital currency. "It's programmable money!" he said. "It changes everything! It can facilitate financial instruments not known to humanity!"
Still, for a spokesman, he was awfully tight with information about the center. I asked who was behind the effort. The rent, after all, must run an awful lot of Bitcoin. Aside from dropping one name, Mr. Alexander couldn't say: "Does the burger flipper at McDonald's know who the CFO is?"
"Who's the director?" I asked.
"There is none."
"What's the center for?"
"We hope to do a lot of things."
Monday evening, the center was hosting a gathering of Satoshi Square, a loose-knit band of traders who meet weekly to exchange cash for digital currency.
It was a young crowd, libertarian software engineers in ski caps and hoodies—perhaps the urban equivalent of Montana's backwoods gold hoarders. Some declined to provide names. The chattier types begged me not to print the information they shared.
The free vodka was flowing, but that didn't help. Trading was light. By the time I left, just six Bitcoins had changed hands. Still, everyone assured me, this is just the beginning, the dawn of a new era. Bitcoin, after all, isn't just a currency, it's a new payment protocol that will change the way Earthlings relate to and think about money.
I'm still a little fuzzy on what they're envisioning, and what's so terrible about dumb old greenbacks. But I'm hanging on to my Bitcoin. After all, there's a 10% discount on kale chips in my future.
@_date: 2014-01-25 18:40:03
