@_author: s0cratees
@_date: 2019-11-30 10:13:24
Hey guys, question, do you believe all layer2 options deride Bitcoin  of value or does the concept of separate sidechains and channels have any merit?
@_date: 2019-12-19 23:27:59
You're right, the current model is technically federated until after the mainnet  version is audited
@_date: 2019-12-29 15:40:03
I want to start out by saying that your questions and concerns are valid, but don't shoot the messenger. I'm not on the team I've just been introduced to it early on and post on Reddit about the network sometimes. If you want a more in depth discussion about it you should visit their discord and talk to the contributors there. However I will do my best here 
 &gt;Why are there no authors listed on the paper?
This is still a work in progress being done by a few dozen people. As I said before much of this is still being actively updated and reworked but from my understanding this will be one of the final versions. 


This was last updated in November, this has been a work in progress for years now 


Because POWR was already developed by Algorand. Echo POWR is slightly different, combining that concept with POS as well. It mentions this on the bottom of page 2 man.


This is something you should mention to the contributors in discord. Many of them don't speak english and the translations sometimes comes with redundancies and typos. I'm sure they'll listen to you


I'm not a developer, but from my understanding its a multisignature  wallet distributed between an open federation of nodes. Consensus between them for every block is chosen randomly, and its designed to not have a central point of failure. I sent the whitepaper  because I thought maybe you'd want all the information not some. But here's a direct link of how this works in specific
I really think you should talk to the team in discord if you have any further questions. I'm just a guy who wants to see more capabilities added to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-12-20 02:46:32
No it won't be federated, block producers and verifiers will be chosen at random for every block. Hence the term we use "self decentralizing" as the network grows. 
Read more about this here 
The only reason its technically federated now is because this process is happening on test servers, you could run a node today if you wanted to try. Its only supported on Linux so far
@_date: 2019-12-29 15:52:12
Sorry this is late I stopped getting notifications for this thread


No one central party will hold the keys to all the bitcoin on the network. Its a multisig  wallet distributed between the committee nodes that anyone can help operate. 


Open federation. The reason why we define it as such if because committe nodes are slightly different than typical validating nodes. It's still decentralized because these committe nodes can be operated by anyone and consensus is reached at random between them on every block. 
Suggested reading if this concept interests you 
@_date: 2019-12-04 00:19:54
This is only until we hit launch. When we do committee members will be chosen at random periodically. You could be a committee member too
@_date: 2019-12-29 05:50:23
It's distributed between all echo nodes through our POWR consensus model. This concept will be audited from a few different companies for authenticity but you read about it in our white paper here 
@_date: 2019-09-01 16:57:21
Appreciate the feedback. We built this to make Bitcoin better and more useful by supporting decentralized applications. Though youre right in that its more federated at the time being, our protocol proof of weighted randomness (POWR) is made to be increasingly decentralized over time as we spread the word to people like you. You any anyone else could make your own node today even. Do you have any recommendations for us going forward? We have a ton of people contributing to this project and would like to see it help the world make Bitcoin a better utility.