@_author: s0rghum
@_date: 2017-08-29 14:59:42
All blockchain-based cryptocurrencies, yes (to varying degrees based mostly on block size, mining time/difficulty, and how busy the network is). checkout and [iota.org]( for an example of a non-blockchain-based currency.
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:15:52
Arguably. Right now, the Bitcoin blockchain is limited to (something on the order of) ~10 transactions per second. The changes that have been made (SegWit) and are proposing making (increasing block size) might increase this (generously estimating) by another 10x, so 100 transactions per second. This is still not going to be nearly enough to replace traditional, centralized lending/borrowing/purchasing (VISA does 2-4k transactions per second). There are other proposals in the works that might further alleviate the congestion, but time will tell.
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:30:49
I was combining the effect of SegWit with the effect of increasing block size, then being generous in my estimation to show that, even being generous, it's not enough. Lightning Network can theoretically do the job, but again, time will tell -- it's been in development for quite a while, and still not active on any blockchain big or small, as far as I know.
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:32:53
I disagree. There's a good video presentation on [the page describing the lightning network]( that touches on this, and fairly unequivocally states that larger block sizes lead to a greater degree of centralization within the first 5 minutes of the video.\
EDIT: Oh, i see what you're saying. You're right, larger block sizes would still likely lead to more centralization, but not because they'd win more often, as I originally said. My mistake.
@_date: 2017-08-29 15:05:05


It's not for no reason. A big reason that Bitcoin is so revolutionary is that there is no central authority that controls it -- no banks or corporations or state-run agencies can manipulate it, unless they attack the network itself.
Increasing the block size would increase mining difficulty (because mining involves a ton of hashing, and hashing larger amounts of data takes more power). This would mean that the people with the more expensive hardware (and more of it) will "win" more and more often. This would likely lead to several large mining operations instead of a distributed army of miners, thus centralizing the currency and reducing the security of the network.