@_author: s0sh1b3
@_date: 2014-03-29 08:06:40
Assuming the answer is yes, but as there are many ways to quantify value, I presume that the Metcalfe value speaks about a value in dollars, rather than some quantified value of usefulness?
It would seem that a monetary valuation of a network would increase as a result of an increase of usefulness even if the law only refers to an increase in usefulness, but I'm just checking -- I can't find anything on Metcalfe that discusses it.
@_date: 2014-03-24 23:00:39
To add to this, I'm not sure it's a great idea to publicize Mr. Nakamoto's face any more than it already has been in the news.
Is it likely to make a big difference either way? Probably not. But the poor man's been through enough. He never sought fame and publicity in this case would probably only further interfere with his live. 
@_date: 2014-04-05 15:50:49
What a wild and irresponsible conclusion. I must condemn this comment with the utmost contempt.
Besides, if you'd been paying attention, you would have seen the real reason April 5th was chosen:
Actually you got off to a good start. April is the fourth month, so
But then divide by three and...
SATOSHI IS GABEN! BIT-LIFE 3 CONFIRMED.
@_date: 2014-03-17 21:06:20
Makes sense. Do I need to take steps to keep it hidden, or does it not have any connection to the wallet's private key?
@_date: 2014-03-24 05:38:36
Perhaps not dead on topic, is there any good explanation of what entropy means as applied to information theory out there?
I am a relative simpleton when it comes to comp sci and information theory. Though I think I can see how the term entropy might apply to password generation (quantity of different possible passwords) the investigation I made earlier via wikipedia left me solidly confused.
@_date: 2014-03-10 02:50:16
That is a good point. On the other hand, while people should check up on these things, it was the most known and biggest exchange and that probably led to many losing who wouldn't otherwise.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:49:31
I agree with you completely. On the other hand, assuming that Satoshi is sincere in his ideals about bitcoin and not simply interested in making a buck -- and I suspect that that's probably safe to assume -- it seems to me he would be unlikely to do this.
I can't speak for the man, but I'm pretty sure he would understand it would crash the market to try to do so, which could ultimately detrimental to both the bitcoin economy and his ability to cash out. (I am assuming he would *probably* be unable to secure a buyer for a single-payment sell-off due to the massive quantity.)
Of course, if he cashed out a little at a time, that could also effect the market significantly, but would certainly be less likely to sink the economy.
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:20:31
Unfortunately, I can't take advantage of it, because I can't really mine, but I had hoped something like this existed back when I was looking at mining and I'm very glad to see someone made it. Thanks for mentioning it.
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:03:15
I agree. Further more I've come to understand why someone might want to leave some funds in an exchange. Especially if you want liquidity (or want to daytrade cryptos for fiat for profit), it's almost worth considering.
@_date: 2014-03-10 21:16:39


This surprised me, as I hadn't ever done a lot of reading on the "whys" of the decision to abandon the gold standard. 
There's two ways one could interpret your sentence. Were you suggesting there was an inherent instability associated with the gold standard, or just commenting on the way things actually happened? 
 
Based on my quick stroll over to Wikipedia it looks like it had less to do with global concerns over the gold standard itself than with a single country (US)'s then-current concerns of a run on their gold. Which ultimately ended up affected *all* currency because Bretton Woods. But, that's a quick stroll over to Wikipedia, you may well (and certainly *sound* more informed) than just that. Or perhaps you simply feel that the historical record displays a situation likely or fundamental to any gold-backed currency.
Mind you, I'm not taking issue with *either* statement, just trying to figure out which you meant.
@_date: 2014-03-24 22:56:42
I'm *kind* of getting this? I guess I need to mosey on over to ELI5.
Man, I wish I understood even the basic technical components of bitcoin nearly half as well as it seems like...basically *everyone* here does.
I console myself in that I have a decent grasp of basic economics and can at least *approximate* an increase in knowledge on this sub. 
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:15:23
Cool cool. I've heard they've been having a little trouble lately; have they managed to straighten that out yet?
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:57:34
Great points, and I'm surprised I hadn't thought of them!
I'm sure someone probably has already complied a list of BTC merchant discounts *somewhere*. Don't suppose you happen to have seen one?
@_date: 2014-03-29 04:55:31
It's too late at night here, but I am not understanding this graph at all (looks like it has 3 variables somehow graphed on 2 axes?), or what it is trying to show. 
Frankly, at first glance it looks like you graphed two entirely different types of things on the same chart. I am sure that this points only to my lack of understanding, but exactly what correlation does the graph attempt to demonstrate? Seeing as they are different quantities, the fact that the graphs are similarly-shaped doesn't *seem* to intrinsically mean anything.
@_date: 2014-03-24 06:08:19
I can see your reasoning behind this. I'm curious as to why you would express this concept in terms of fungibility? It seems entirely appropriate, but there were other ways you could have phrased it, just curious as to why you picked this one.
@_date: 2014-03-24 05:41:24


I've heard this elsewhere, and even the bitcoin wiki says that bitcoin is acknowledged by authorities to share a *certain* resemblance to a Ponzi scheme, but I honestly don't have any idea how you could think this is at play with bitcoin. Is there something I'm missing, or are all these people just totally knee-jerk cray-cray? Admittedly while I understand the basic nature of a Ponzi scheme, I don't fully grasp the details of Ponzi's stamp scheme.
I'd have bet on the knee-jerk except for the bitcoin wiki, which makes me think there's some small superficial similarity I'm missing.
@_date: 2014-03-17 20:31:14
Okay, so not *quite* as secure as cold storage, but damn close. Me likey!
Any idea about that Wallet ID? Google's been largely useless.
@_date: 2014-03-10 02:54:34
Yes, that's certainly true. I don't think it would be a good idea even to play the stock market with your life savings. But while I haven't seen any data, I'd be surprised if that represented more than a relatively small number of Gox users. And some of them could have gotten in on the ground floor of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-06 04:46:43
Congratulations, you said basically what I said with about 15 sentences less than I did.
@_date: 2014-04-06 03:06:01
I agree with you but it seems like the discussion is kind of irrelevant either way: I can't see how full reserve banking would make any business sense, because consumers will go with whoever can offer them the better deal. Most of the time opinion or ethics don't enter into it. I buy more than a few things from companies I find distasteful. I don't like giving them money, but they consistently offer me the best deal, so that's whom I buy from.
Banks can afford to pay account holders interest because of that fact that they make loans and investments using their account holders' money. I'm not even entirely certain how a hypothetical full reverse bank might make money, though I'm sure you could find some business model for it.
Whatever way you went about it, though, it seems reasonable to posit that they would have less money to play with, and be less able to pay interest than fractional reserve banks (or maybe even no interest at all.)
I doubt stronger that a full reserve bank could compete.
@_date: 2014-03-08 02:37:52
Not a specifically bitcoiner myself but into cryptos, so I feel like my perspective is still valid:
Yeah, this. I have no political investment in crypto-currency. It's just a darned convenient way to do "money things" over the internet. Also, they're becoming more and more prevalent in today's world, and I don't want to be left behind as they presumably will continue to do so. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 04:21:46
Thing is, if nothing else, dogecoin is one of the best gateway cryptos to bitcoin out there. 
I'm a reasonably technologically knowledgeable sort, but had never encountered simple instruction for *what* bitcoin was and *how* to use it. It's actually pretty simple to use, but that isn't made clear enough, and even then I wouldn't have trusted it without understanding exactly what it was. I've seen plenty of discussion on reddit in the past year about what bitcoin was and how to use it, and many others were unsatisfied with the information they had seen. To the outsider, it felt almost **exactly** like Conan's bit about it. 
It's entirely different from any other form of public or private currency *ever* and many concepts are unintuitive. Even a bitcoin wallet, while an apt term, functions differently in key way than a actual wallet. Cold storage? What the hell is that?
I'm not the only person who felt that way, check out and you can find plenty of posts about how users have been hearing about cryptocurrency for a few years but have never known where to start. Dogecoin's community gives people a place where they can learn and ask questions without judgement. Heck, just the other day I saw a great, simple guide about getting started and how the basics of crpytos, exchanges, and wallets work, all in one simple 20 page PDF.
Now, from a position of greater knowledge, I'm actually a *bit* skeptical of all cryptos, doge and bitcoin included. But I think it's an interesting and promising idea, and your attitude will serve only to put off people who could be helping cryptos gain a greater acceptance.