@_author: s133py
@_date: 2014-02-19 15:04:07
The answer is yes, not kind of
@_date: 2014-01-15 23:37:00
Inflation must be a bitch. There's mud everywhere
@_date: 2014-02-19 15:27:40
This is from wikipedia, as you can see, viruses are clearly considered a form of life.
Since there is no unequivocal definition of life, the current understanding is descriptive. Life is considered a characteristic of organisms that exhibit all or most of the following characteristics or traits:[32][34][35]
    Homeostasis: Regulation of the internal environment to maintain a constant state; for example, electrolyte concentration or sweating to reduce temperature.
    Organization: Being structurally composed of one or more cells — the basic units of life.
    Metabolism: Transformation of energy by converting chemicals and energy into cellular components (anabolism) and decomposing organic matter (catabolism). Living things require energy to maintain internal organization (homeostasis) and to produce the other phenomena associated with life.
    Growth: Maintenance of a higher rate of anabolism than catabolism. A growing organism increases in size in all of its parts, rather than simply accumulating matter.
    Adaptation: The ability to change over time in response to the environment. This ability is fundamental to the process of evolution and is determined by the organism's heredity, diet, and external factors.
    Response to stimuli: A response can take many forms, from the contraction of a unicellular organism to external chemicals, to complex reactions involving all the senses of multicellular organisms. A response is often expressed by motion; for example, the leaves of a plant turning toward the sun (phototropism), and chemotaxis.
    Reproduction: The ability to produce new individual organisms, either asexually from a single parent organism, or sexually from two parent organisms.
Humans themselves consist of millions of forms of microscopic life without which we could not survive. Mitochondria are seperate organisms but reside within our cells and have their own DNA. They are part of the cycle which produces the energy ATP with the oxygen we breathe. Without them we could not survive. Are you saying that humans are only "kind of" alive because we borrow so heavily from other living creatures to carry out the functions of life?