@_author: s1n0d3utscht3k
@_date: 2017-12-28 13:35:52
I'm more worried about the "ban" on "banks trading" Bitcoin and other Cryptos. That said, banks using Cryptos for transfers a la Ripple seems OK. 
Also the new individual reserve ratio... Every exchange needs to now manage a reserve ratio for every since account. Now just per total deposit but actually provide singular liquidity separated on a per account basis. Which is not a financial hindrance but a huge operational hinderance. That's a lot of reserve ratios to constantly update each day.
That and what the new Crypto capital gains tax ends up being, since they've said it will be different than any other investment tax but really no idea how small or big it is.
That said, I don't think Korea has given the sames hints that China did... China openly question BTC for a long time, whereas Korea has been genuinely optimistic despite its caution. Much more akin to JP than CN.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:35:45
Bloomberg says they proposed to regulators to ban financial institutions and non-residences, but retail trading is still allowed but will receive a new tax.
Something about shutting down less regulated exchanges, and also forcing exchanges to hold account's cash in a separate cash liquid for said customer (so, uh, a 1:1 reserve ratio?) seems pretty excessive prob just means whatever existing reserve ratio they have but on a per client basis instead of net client basis.
/edit/ source: 
@_date: 2017-12-28 06:15:30
to be fair, the China ban still hurt Bitcoin; it's just the net sum from other countries was bigger. if China hadn't banned exchanges, the daily volume and prices would almost certainly be certainly much higher. so, even if KOR did ban BTC and another countries replaces it, I would suggest that even if BTC continues do go up without them, _with_ them it'd go up even more.
that said, like the OP said, not much actually new here... 2 weeks ago the 'ban on trading for _banks_' and the 'new capital gains tax' were much bigger news, so if that didn't impact BTC much then this shouldn't either.
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:20:06
it's not exactly cheap...  cheapest auction (between providers) for power is something like 2c a kWh... Alberta new auction system maybe could get down to 5c kWh. providers still gonna charge you or a BTC miner whatever they want though. BC and Alberta both pay something like .11-12c kWh... better than Ontario's .20c lol but far from cheap.
that said, the news said: 1. stage 1 immedietly takes control of farms, so it means they're alreday built, and if it's Bitfury than they're probably in the US and not even in Canada; and, 2. if they do build here, I'd guess they would probably choose Alberta cuz unlike SOEs in BC or QC, its privatized in AB and they're trying to implement new auction systems. would mean maybe they could directly try partner with a private provider and bid on power; probably no such future opportunity with BC Hydro. plus the climate (put 'er up north where it's colder) and AB has a lot of private wind farms going up IIRC, so it may not be cheaper yet but choosing AB may be long cheap electricity o.0 dunno
iirc when aurora said why they chose AB as well for their 'largest farm in north america' (but of the cannabis variety lol) it also mentioned cheaper power (though I'm sure the main reasons were the agricultural tax credit and the EDM airport space hhh)
@_date: 2018-02-03 03:21:23
Which ones? 
My understanding from this and other articles on it is that it's just an ETF that tracks an index which tracks old and new coins. It's not a company nor is it meant to track revenue per se... It's like a precious metals ETF, meant to track different coins.
Other companies like HIVE are essentially miners. I looked at their revenue (for like two weeks) last quarter, and look like annualized (at about 10K BTC) they'd be making something like 8m a year, which gives them a pretty huge P/E something like 80 or 90, IIRC. (And worse at their ATH.) But their growth plans (to be completed this year) would put their revenue over about 50m (though it could vary a lot depending on their mining output or if they diversify coins/coin prices change a lot from a sort of BTC 10K average). And if they actually could create their revenue, they'd actually have a P/E a lot closer to a gold miner than a 'tech' miner. Big _if_ though and assumes a lot of growth/price stability.
@_date: 2018-02-03 03:26:21
Neither.... If I'm reading it right, this one at least is meant to track coins, not companies. 
_"track the performance of issuers in both the large-cap blockchain segment and the emerging blockchain segment"_
"Issuers" being key word, meaning not blockchain tech, but coin issuers within the tech. Basically, bitcoins altcoins shitcoins newcoins. Diversified performance of different issued coins.
@_date: 2018-02-01 13:48:42
yeah, not great cuz it rules out BTC being used as money, but it does leave it open to be used as gold at least.