@_author: s234234234
@_date: 2013-01-16 12:24:04
actually I just remembered something; they don't actually bill the random amount, they just authorize it so it will never actually show up on your statement. 
where it does show up is in your real time 'credit available' amount.. what you should probably do is check your available credit before doing the liqpay autoverify procedure and then check it again after. 
subtract the after amount from the before amount and what's left over is your liqpay verification code. If this doesn't work you can call your bank and just ask them directly how much liqpay has authorized.
@_date: 2013-01-16 01:12:52
Try  it lets you use paypal to buy SLL (second life lindens) and then trade those for bitcoins. 
There's also  which allows you to deposit from a credit card to two exchanges;  and  To give you an idea how this works there's a guide here;  - btc-e works the same you just have to contact btc-e support to get a deposit number.
There's also people selling bitcoins on ebay.. they're overpriced, but the seller is taking all the risk.. it's an option anyway.
@_date: 2013-01-16 02:44:07
I think you may need to do something where they will charge a small random amount to your card and then you have to enter how much they took in order to verify that you own the card (ie, have access to the card's statement).. it could be that. It's been a while since I registered I'm afraid. Googling liqpay autoverification brought up this link;  
The first time I used it I also had a problem with my bank blocking the payment too -- I guess their anti-fraud stuff is pretty sensitive about charges from the ukraine (where liqpay is based).. once I called up my bank and told them it was an authorized payment, it worked and I haven't had a problem with that since.
I agree liqpay could really use some help with their english translation.. oh well. It's still a pretty good cheap way to get bitcoins. If you're in the US you might want to setup with dwolla which is a good way to deposit into mtgox.com.. it takes 1 month to get setup with that but afaik it's still the cheapest way to buy btc. There's also  which hooks up to your bank account and has reasonable fees and fairly quick setup.