@_author: sa1
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:19:48
I don't know from where you got the idea that wealth is vast. If you build an highway, absolutely nobody would build an highway parallel to it just because a 'bunch of gays' demand it. These extra set of customers don't have enough money, nor does anyone care.
I suggest you to look up what a [natural monopoly]( means, and how difficult it is to have competition in those areas. There are countless cities in the US stuck with just 1 ISP, with shitty services.
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:18:15
Is it so easy to just make roads that compete? There is limited land. Maybe in the US, you have large areas of land, but it is quite difficult to find land otherwise. Even if one person refuses to sell his land, many road plans are blocked.
Maybe your pioneers would work on new discovered lands, where roads are yet to be built and lands are available for claiming, but it tells nothing about how a developed land can successfully transition to such a system.
If a bunch of minorities are prevented from services, they may not have enough market force to invest in a competing road. These are capital-intensive services.
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:38:37


This is not obvious. The problem with minorities getting denied services is that they are minorities with not enough say. This is only really a problem with natural monopolies.
It doesn't address the problem of inheritance either, the descendants of rich and intelligent people will not be intelligent. Such roads would be owned by family-owned monopolies with power. Such corporations can't be removed by new innovation either.
@_date: 2014-01-04 09:05:45
Personally, I identify more with traditional anarchy, which is similar to libertarianism, but doesn't recognize property rights, because they need violence to enforce. But I see lots of, if not more, problems with that approach too(including the problem of transition), and remain very open to other ideas.
There are other problems I see including externalities, especially environmental, but that is a conversation for another time.
@_date: 2014-01-04 06:40:10
Will that person have the property rights to build privately owned roads? Will he allow other people to use it? Will he discriminate(say, for religious reasons) against people for using it? Is there any recourse a group of people will have if they are blocked from using 'privately owned' roads and have no land to build another? Will the privately owned roads be passed down generations in inheritance?
I am not supporting any view, just genuinely curious.
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:09:21
You didn't answer any question, just reiterated your points.
@_date: 2013-12-16 13:00:21
Its not very popular yet. These people in the video were the few Bitcoin enthusiasts in Bangalore. But the potential market remains huge, especially in the money remittance business.
@_date: 2013-12-09 15:54:57


I didn't quite follow the logic there. Even if its true, it will be probably hard to unseparate the rich and the poor. Even in a highly connected society, we are becoming more individualistic and depend less on communities. In such a scenario, it seems hard to me.
How would the rich be held accountable exactly? Power due to wealth is not decided by democracy, nor are there easy ways of seizing wealth(with brain wallets etc) in the bitcoin world.
Ideal societies are hard to build, the least I think we can aim at is that everyone gets good opportunities. Yes, it is not so simple.
@_date: 2013-12-14 18:01:59
[IQ]( is defined in such a manner that the median score stays 100. There's no &lt;edit&gt; likely, given the context, &lt;/edit&gt; way a country that has a population of more than a billion can have an average IQ of 80, by the very definition of IQ.
Literally every state in India has its own language and culture, and most people can speak more than a couple of them. I really doubt the ability of those authors to conduct an standardised IQ test, and so do other academics, as your own wiki link should tell you.
Besides the wealth of India is more a direct consequence of 200 years of exploitative British rule, and the couple of decades of socialist policies after, at a time when economic evidence against socialist policies was not that strong.
@_date: 2013-12-29 04:42:28
What me or you consider programs is different from what existing laws might. Yes, there is a need to think deeply about such laws, but you need to prepare for how it will play out in courts under existing badly framed laws.
@_date: 2013-11-22 00:34:14
Signed up under you. 
@_date: 2013-12-09 18:54:12
Today's rich manage to control the media. e.g Koch brothers fund Republicans and Fox News. That would be even more true in a deflationary currency world.
However, of course, what if you're saying sounds intriguing, and may be true in a society where there is true flow of information. I can imagine a few more roadblocks, such as the fact that with more information freedom, people seek online communities and facts that reinforce their biases, rather than the truth.
Also, for all I know, even release of much info has not led to dismantling of NSA. A dystopian future is still possible.
I also don't think we can get rid of tensions that easily. But it is hard to predict the future, and I don't want to claim too much. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 17:18:48
I would like to give a try. I also wrote about this [yesterday]( and got downvoted. I am no economist, these arguments come from my understanding of [Ascent of Money]( Basically, people will hold on to bitcoin for the same reason that the nobility used to hold on to gold in the middle ages.
In a currency with fixed amount of coins, the rich get richer, or at least maintain power. They are able to buy out new businesses or labor, establish monopolies to keep charging high prices and ensure that the coins that they spent come back to them. This is how the nobility in the middle ages maintained their power.
However banks developed and soon enough they were holding the nobility's gold for them. They also began issuing currency notes which symbolised that banks hold their gold. The amount of currency notes were still fixed.
Then banks realized that they can loan out more currency notes than the gold they have, because people rarely withdraw gold. This led to the modern fractional reserve system. So basically modern banks, because of the fractional reserve system, are able to loan out more than the rich people deposit. This means that the amount of currency in the market increases, the value of currency decreases, leading to inflation.
This ensures a redistribution of money via loans. Poor people, or startups, etc are able to get some money and an opportunity to grow. Also inflation ensures that people who were earlier able to remain rich by just holding currency, lose wealth quickly.  This led to replacement of the nobility by bankers and businessmen as the new wealthy after the middle ages.
Of course rich people are still able to corrupt this process of redistribution via influencing legislation etc, but banks are still essential for the redistribution of wealth, via loans and inflation. 
Bitcoin however has a fixed number of coins, is deflationary and a fractional reserve system is not possible with it. I don't see how most of the reasons outlined by OP would ensure any kind of fair redistribution, just a new class of idle wealthy. 
I would be scared to live in a bitcoin-only world, however I think that the existence of both deflationary and inflationary currencies side by side may lead to some form of balance(I'm no expert to predict this).
tl;dr deflationary currencies lead to idle rich getting richer.
@_date: 2013-12-15 00:19:11
I'm sorry if I implied racism, but my reply to you was downvoted to below 0, and your reply to mine upvoted. I figured people who did this didn't actually bother to read my post and voted on what their racist bias told them to. 
Confirmation bias is extremely common, though I know I should give people the benefit of doubt. Since I live in India, and know for a fact that people here don't seem to be more stupid than usual, I do grow irritated with people who make inferences about them based on some discredited paper without having any real-world interaction. There are lots of redditors who have a limited worldview.
Its good to know that you aren't racist, and I apologize. Have a good pleasant day, and don't be too bothered by internet arguments.
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:18:35
Nobody cares what form of jewellery they buy, if the value of gold as a speculative metal falls today, jewellery will not be bought on those festivals.
@_date: 2013-12-14 18:34:37
Please do the calculations yourself, and find out what the median is. I'll be waiting for your answer. I am majoring in mathematics(my education is hardly necessary, children aged 12 can calculate averages), with a significant understanding of what logic means. 
EDIT: There is no continent with significant enough population that can balance out India's IQ of 80, Africa's IQ of 70, and South America's IQ of 80. Even US has only an IQ of 98 on that list. Please keep confirming your racist biases, people. There is no significant infrastructure that can properly measure IQ's across countries and languages and cultures yet, especially when it comes to developing or 3rd world countries.


Let's compare it to what I said.
'different countries' - I didn't talk about different countries at all, only about countries that have a population above a billion
'different average IQ's' - I only talked about the specific IQ of around 80, of a country that has greater than billion in population.
My logic is definitely not wrong, given the additional assumption of data he linked to.
@_date: 2013-12-13 23:25:56
Anarchist movements exist both right and left of the spectrum. Though many anarchists would consider rightist anarcho-capitalism a hijacking of the term, and are themselves leftist. Anti-state, anti-money, organizing communities, etc all sound like leftist traditional anarchist or syndicalist movements rather than libertarianism.
@_date: 2013-11-23 12:31:52
In a currency with fixed supply, the rich get richer, or at least maintain power. However, modern banks, because of the fractional reserve system, are able to loan out more than the rich people deposit. This ensures a redistribution of money via loans, and also ensures inflation, which means that a person who was rich by holding some amount of currency won't be able to remain rich that way. 
Of course rich people are still able to corrupt this process via influencing legislation etc, but banks are still essential for the redistribution of wealth, via loans and inflation. Bitcoin however has a fixed number of coins, is deflationary and a fractional reserve system is not possible with it.
@_date: 2013-12-28 18:31:57
This analysis is just looking at how existing laws, that were created for foreign exchange and 'computer programmes' before the advent of bitcoin, can be used by the enforcement directorate against the bitcoin community, and about the ease with which such laws can be changed, against or for bitcoin. As such, at least this analysis does a very fine job. It does point to how shitty and outdated and oppressive the laws are.
@_date: 2013-11-26 13:46:10
While widespread religion and conservatism is sad and frustrating and irrational, most of the world's population isn't mentally ill.
EDIT: so according to you people, most people in the world are mentally ill?
@_date: 2013-11-24 23:06:21
If you have create a new currency where each note symbolises that you have certain amount of bitcoin with some bank, then yes, you can have a similar system(and the new currency will be inflationary). If you decouple it from bitcoin, like modern currencies were decoupled from gold(which removes the right of people to withdraw gold against currency notes), then you will truly effective fractional reserve system, but of course its then just another currency, with no connection to bitcoin.
But the point here is to use bitcoin itself as a currency, and bitcoin itself is deflationary. It is not likely that people will store bitcoins in banks either, where the bank is free to use it.
@_date: 2013-12-14 19:56:34
Why do you assume that I don't understand this?
The focus of my original statement was on the word 'billion'. The world population is just above 7 billion, and any country that brings down the average so much needs a significant population that can balance it out. 
Sure, it is possible that such a significant population exists, but my comment was made in the context of the parent comment, which linked to data where it was obvious that it doesn't.
My comment only was intended to people who had the context of the linked data, but didn't notice the big red marker that the median there obviously is below 100.
If you study statistics, it is much more likely for small selections of population to deviate from the median, but highly unlikely for extremely large populations. See [this]( 
In this case, of course racial and genetic considerations have to be taken as well, but I am only pointing out the obvious red flags that should come to anybody's mind.
EDIT: replying to your edits, I never argued that a country is a random sample, I just said that the conclusions of the researchers are incompatible with the definition of IQ.
Also, the so called mistake in my logic, is only that a fact I say to be correct(that India can't have an IQ of 80 along with a consistent definition of IQ), is only instead, highly likely to be correct, given the data.
I haven't confused you with anybody else, and was replying specifically to you.
If you are not talking about particular countries that's your problem, I am talking about countries that have population above a billion.
@_date: 2013-11-24 23:55:46
Monopolies are the result of corrupt government policy only because it was government policy that was preventing it. There is nothing stopping an extremely wealthy party from buying out or undermining new competitors otherwise.
Rich are always trying to get richer. They will use all tools available, including corrupting government policies, bailouts in case of inflationary currencies, etc. Deflationary currencies only ensure that just keeping your currency holdings idle does not lead to your wealth going down.
@_date: 2013-11-25 00:16:59
This is true. Online wallets currently play that role, without insurance. Of course they have been proved vulnerable as well. It may not, however, be likely that the wealthiest people would use a bank.
@_date: 2013-12-29 07:23:22
You didn't say that at any point of time, neither did I disagree.
@_date: 2013-11-22 05:40:07
[Primecoin]( shows that it can be done.
@_date: 2013-12-29 05:30:35
How is that relevant?
EDIT: The question is not whether bitcoin can be held by people secretly, it is about whether the most visible bitcoin activity can be held technically illegal under existing laws. That would affect traders who recorded their names along with transactions in exchanges. The free speech argument can also be applied to a lot of other things, even nuclear plans can be stored as a string and printed on a book. I doubt courts will consider that seriously.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:01:28
Most people here in India(was largest importer of gold till recently), buy gold jewellery only to store as wealth(and to wear on really rare occasions like their weddings).
@_date: 2013-12-03 05:52:30
No, it is speculation on gold, not jewellery. People are not generally interested in jewellery made out of any other material, and the point of festivals such as [Dhanteras]( is to buy gold, though people do it in the form of jewellery. If gold loses it power to be a hedge against currency inflation, people will stop buying the gold and won't care about the jewellery.
@_date: 2013-11-25 00:01:18
  There must be some incentive to keeping your bitcoin in a bank. People kept gold in a bank because it was frequently stolen, and invited violence.
 
Bitcoin banks can only invest a limited number of bitcoins and will be able to provide minimal returns at best to only a few people.
Bitcoin is already designed to solve other services bank provide, like transferring money.
@_date: 2013-12-16 01:22:11
Bangalore's politicians changed the city's name.