@_author: sa_sh
@_date: 2013-06-02 03:16:22
Post the unboxing.
@_date: 2013-06-01 02:46:18
I think you are correct. I think what is important to note with BTC is that it is not a centralized currency which has benefits and risks. Not being in widespread use, and moderated by a global economic power (i.e. nation-state or Bloc) it can inherently be manipulated. The relative size of the market and significant friction involved in the transaction process can make the currency vary widely in the global market and even at in the local market with respect to the global market.
A zero-sum game or transaction means that if there are 5 apples to be had and there are two people, any apple I consume is one less than you can consume. Demand is now much higher, in aggregate, than it was several years ago and therefore offsets mining (supply). So you are very correct, mining is so minimal as a supply side force that it doesn't negatively impact a poor man. In this sense, the raw micro-economy is not zero-sum. 
Obviously, I am not John Stuart Mills or anything so there could, and quite probably, is flaws in my comments. However, the reason I interjected in the first place, was to point out that BTC sort of is zero sum. The market is very small and transactions have consequences globally on the macro-scale of this market. Significant friction exists in this market, further clouding the ability to make projections (i.e Bitcoins are difficult to trade, get data on, convert, spend and store and subsequently a contingent of people are mining more daily changing the supply) thus this is similar to a penny-stock (albeit admittedly having more potential than a penny-stock). If early adopters, who have large stores of BTC cash out the price will plummet as the currency has yet to be widely adopted and stabilized. Also, BTC is a commodity currency or a vehicle currency, so people typically buy it as a quick investment or to fascilitate a quick transaction. So someone cashing out a large amount actually does, in a sense lower the market. This isn't a zero sum devaluation, per se, but in a sense, as more people prosper in BTC others fair either better or worse respectedly. If the government announced tomorrow that they would never try to disrupt The Road or enforce RICO or Laundering Satutes on BTC vendors, the price would climb and to the opposite, the opposite. Point is, large changes in a small market disrupt it, and although not zero-sum other players in this game do affect one another until demand and supply stabalize and widespread adoption and intrinsic risk are diminished. I know you know that, and as outlined by your post above. I just wanted to say this as what people do in the market have real consequences for others. obviously one guy with a small miner won't tip the scales. And as stated, a poor person has taken no risk so they will be in the same place upon entering the market, neither devalued or empowered. If you have no skin in the game you can not lose skin.
TL:DR:  Point is, large changes in a small market disrupt it, and although not zero-sum other players in this game do affect one another until demand and supply stabalize and widespread adoption and intrinsic risk are diminished. If you have no skin in the game you can not lose skin.
@_date: 2013-06-02 01:34:46
@_date: 2013-05-31 15:44:41
In forex, or currency trading there are many factors. However, if there is minimal to negligible loaning, and mining is now a negligible amount as a percentage of the total, Bitcoins are a zero sum game. If I spend 100BTC, I have -100BTC and an item/good sourced out of a completely different economy.