@_author: saad-ali
@_date: 2018-01-01 17:07:38
You have raised a good point, There are two types of people. One going downhill and other uphill. Steep means opposite for both.
@_date: 2019-09-11 12:22:09
BTCPayServer is awesome.
@_date: 2019-05-11 01:46:06
 There is no way to blacklist the BTC addresses. My suggestions is simply an independent list to which users could subscribe to avoid getting funds from addresses that were part of the heist, in order to avoid any legal action. Everyone can create their own list of addresses but no one is going to use them. There is enough knowledge to build a consensus about which list represents the addresses that are truly identifiable with the proceeds of the crime.
@_date: 2019-05-10 19:49:04
I don't think there is a way to ban, what I am referring to was to blacklist them meaning simply create a list of addresses where the proceeds of thefts are being deposited. This list can then be referenced by others before getting funds from that account, This I would imagine can be automated. In your example above, all the address listed will be included, since they received the funds from the address A, including all childrens.
@_date: 2019-05-10 19:42:27
Awesome, so I am on right track.
@_date: 2019-05-11 01:40:08
The assumption being made is that to add a key to the BTC to mark is as fraudulent, This is not what I meant.
Using an example, If multiple peoples are having issues reeving emails from your mail server.  Then one of the things you do is check your mail server against the list of blacklisted mail servers which are individually maintained.
Now the only reason this work is because the people to whom you were sending emails, The destination mail servers subscribed to those lists and using their recommendation the individual mail servers can accept or reject messages.
I am in no way, shape or form suggesting that we BTC itself be modified, rather my suggestion is that list be created of addresses that are suspected of fraud. This is totally independent and multiple lists can exist.
Eventually one or two of them will become prominent, In the end, it would simply be a recommendation that these addresses were once owned by someone who used to obtain funds by fraud. 
An example is that a merchant that accepts BTC. He subscribes to a list that contains the list of addresses, He could subscribe to multiple lists if he wishes.
Once the persons try to transfer the fund, The address is checked against this list, and it's up to merchant to either accept or not accept. 
From a liability perspective, Lets say the stolen funds makes it to your account and you are identifiable with that address. Then you could be held accountable. 
Another way to explain is that users would subscribe to the list maintained independently, One list could become more prominent if they could include the detailed description of why they think the address is susceptible and in this age and time. They lose credibility if they start to randomly add addresses, although this really has no effect since this acts more like a suggestion or a warning.
@_date: 2019-05-11 02:00:35
Good example, but the bank will go after you to cope there losses, and in the end you may not be found not guilty but bad publicity and perceptions could take a heavy toll on your business, Again as I mentioned in my reply to others, The list would simple be a suggestion independent of BTC that warns merchants that , hey this address is fradulent which is equal to counterfeit notes, but merchants could still go ahead and accept it. Legally if the BTC gets traced to them, they could use this in there defence that we did check the address against list but it came back negative at time.
@_date: 2019-05-11 03:33:56
Awesome, where do I signup.
@_date: 2019-05-11 02:29:53
No you cannot, but you do have to give someone address to transfer funds, no one is going to send you the coins out of blue and you could always use a new address as well.