@_author: sabedaz
@_date: 2018-08-08 08:46:08
Miners leaving the boat wont make btc=0, if enough miners leave then we are again able to mine with average PCs.
A big hack/succesfull attack on the network is the only way to make btc=0
@_date: 2018-10-19 17:39:18
That is not even close to being true
@_date: 2018-06-03 17:01:36
Watch Princes of the yen, its for free on youtube, and its about how the Japan central bank and other central banks were pushed into independance from the governs.
@_date: 2018-06-27 21:02:17
You are wrong, see, in the BTC economy prior to LN not everyone can be a miner, there are barriers to the market, what everyone can do is run a full node wich is nithing else than being able to validate tx yourself, but it seems this method works as intended as miners are incentivized to behave.
But now with LN we are introducing a new actor whose incentives are not neccesarily aligned with the network, and WE CANNOT INCENTIVY THEM to behave as the network want. They act above consensus so their actions can barely be influenced.
If miners behave bad they get punished rigth?
Well for LN nodes they will be the ones who set fees, and fees are not like  miner rewards, they are not set to stone so there is a clear interest in their part to increase fees and no possible way for us to change this. 
U can run a node but you cant be expected to maintain all the routes you need for every payment.
Sorry for bad english lol and probably mistakes as i am really a noob here trying to understand this shit and event tho i love this space and want it to thrive i think LN will create more problems that it will solve, i really hope i am wrong.
@_date: 2018-06-30 19:17:32
Stop this nonsense please, telling that venezuelan people should buy Btc is a patronizing way to feast on their profound crisis and problems, and it actually doesnt solve shit for the vast majority of the country, they have an obscene level of corruption in government, Usa sanctions preventing any growth and population so divided a civil war is never out of the table, basically their country is a big pile of shit rigth now, in almost every aspect of society, is not like the megainflation is a problem but more like a consequence, their economy model is just broken, and you dont just fix that with Btc, they need a politic solution.
Tldr: Btc doesnt solve shit for Venezuela, it just let some elites hedge against their country being shit, but it remains being shit...
@_date: 2018-06-30 20:10:51
They dont need a store of value, they are not trying to "invest" like you are, they need to EAT, it doesnt matter if they hold Btc, usd or even Doge, the lack of products and food in the supermarkets its their problem, this is tied to the government being banned from trading with almost evert other country, their oil business is so corrupt and ineficcient it is not giving them any revenue also.
So they buy btc and what? Prices are ridiculous anyway because of lack of products.
And who the fuck is going to buy them anyway? U think venezuelans have smartphones? Think again.
The majority of people and those who are un the weakest position right now are unable to buy or trade btc. If anyone can take advantage of the situation are the elited in the country wich is really sad because these elites are the ones holding the corrupt government and the ones profiting from it.
Sorry it this comes as an attack or rude i am just a bit oversensitive with this issue.
@_date: 2018-06-21 20:19:43
How does LN solve this? What does it have to do with it?
@_date: 2018-06-03 17:23:55
Yes thats why i wonder if IMF and partners are already so deep on BTC so they will promote it and try to control it. Anyways is a win win imo.
@_date: 2018-06-27 15:04:55
Dont u see this as a concern? They literally said they want to build their business model on top of LN, that is, the scalability solution for BTC also provides with a rent-seekers business model in wich big nodes will earn money just by having channels open.
Why is this good? What am i missing here?
@_date: 2018-07-01 01:03:33
I do not want to keep anyone safe from anything, telling venezuelans to buy btc is wrong mainly because it wont help them and secondly is a damn frivolous attempt to make whatever the point it is with btc adoption and use cases.
@_date: 2018-07-19 14:55:54
I dont know about other places, but here in Spain where i live those ATMs belong to a scammer and he is pending trial for stealing coins from investors.
He started this atms business and attracted a few investors who would lend their ETH and BTC to deploy this atm network, then they started leasing the atms for around 6K and a monthly fee so third parties would deploy them in airports, malls, train stations...etc. The guy promised a % return on the investment and now investors lost everything because aparently this business model is flawed, and there is practically nothing they can di ti recover their coins.
Just a heads up, no hate on adoption but please be careful if you want to invest in these things.
Edit: spelling
@_date: 2018-07-25 13:37:03
I think what he means by "the routing problem" is to ensure no one can deny paths through the network to certain individuals or activities based on residence, political thoughts etc etc.
I am not saying LN wont achieve it but from what i know its early to say so
@_date: 2018-07-26 11:22:35
This is how routing through the internet works, we havent figured out yet how to have a free-routing internet thus we have to depend on the gateway providers to behave correctly, this more or less works fine for the internet but that is why we say "the routing problem is not solved".
This is just a network topology problem, one that has not been solved, and for what i know (i am not a developer and my knowledge on blockchains is limited) LN is not gonna just magically solve this.