@_author: sachyriel
@_date: 2014-04-24 22:13:38
[see this comment in conspiracy]( maybe you agreeing with me will lend some credibility, but I think we're on the same page about it. 
@_date: 2014-12-01 01:08:36
I'd like to try one! Random comment: Your suspension of disbelief isn't your soul, but I'll be back for that later. 
@_date: 2014-04-24 22:12:39
No he can't the US just seized a bunch of Bitcoin; they can destroy its value by selling it off at a value way under what people who believe in it value it as in a Forfeiture Auction (rich money only) and if Putin put his money into Bitcoin it's still the Americans who could decide to waste their own time, money and energy to destroy bitcoin because they know the value of his money depends on how much time and energy he commits to transfering his wealth. 
Bitcoin isn't some magic cure-all to the USFedGov. 
@_date: 2014-04-24 23:10:37
Oh well there is always an adoption of new technologies by forward-thinking go-getters who tend to be ahead of the curve when it comes to exactly that, the adoption and distribution of new economic technology. However since this is cryptocurrency made by a self-identified loner who deigned to take credit for it then Bitcoin is axactly that: a trap for those awesome people who tend to pick up new economic technologies. On the other hand most of us could smell that it was a trap and those who didn't smell it (but were awesome) were part of the first-wave of early-adopters, but not all the early adopters were awesome people, some of them were assholes and when these asshoels saw a new economic tech they adopted it early, not knowing it was a trap.
Yes, Bitcoin was a trap set by a loner, and he was dissappopinted with what he caught: not a bunch of great awesome cutting-edge technology enthusiasts but a few of them mixed in with a bunch of assholes who were waiting to spring on exactly that: an up-and-coming new technology that they thought the awesome people would be all over. 
Okay, I lied, I didn't see all of it as a trap and got excited, those years ago. But the computer I tried to run it on wasn't equipped with a real video card and I nearly burned down the house triyng to make money while I slept. I was younger, thankfully still alive. 
However with every new cryptocurrency (Dogecoin, scam that was) there is exactly that possibility, that nationstates take notice of this new technology and use it to help their everyday business of clandestine renumeration. However smart spies know that imaginary numbers can't actually be used to get you out of traps by the people your spying on you'd need something more concrete. So the civillians **have to make use of it first** and work out the kinks, and in maybe 30 years there will be a new class of kids who grew up in the age of early cryptocurrency, and will accept it as renumeration for espionage.
Since clandestine activity takes a large amount of trust between employee and employer I doubt many of the smarter espionage agents actually accept bitcoin or any other hip-trendy cryptocurrency and *it's their loss* since it has a value, if you believe it. 
I said it was a trap, and since bitcoin is electronic it's exactly that. If radical communists want to start hurting people chasing that easy buck all they'd have to do is start targetting municipal power supplies and transmission grids to deny people cheap available power for their "mining rigs". 
In terms of a mature technology to be trusted by the government it's not there *yet* but that's why Russia and China (economically short-sighted supremacist nations) banned it, cause they don't understand it but are rightfully suspiscious of it. However since it's a stepping stone between todays physical currency and a real electronic economy almost no nation state will be able to avoid using some sort of cryptocurrency to fill in the time between abandoning the physical curerrency and a safeguarded electronic economy. 
What if after Bitcoin there *is* an electronic economy, one without money? How does an electronic economy operate? Dunno, but it would by dynamic and great to see working. Perhaps the electronic economy after the middle-age of cryptocurrency will have a substitute for nationally-printed money, like a UN credit or something. 
It's tough to think about, enjoy your drink. 
@_date: 2012-04-30 06:58:28
I posted it to and I hope the other mods don't get angry at me. I know feminism is a touchy subject to them still but this makes me so confused. It's not exploitation but others might not have the same view. 
@_date: 2011-06-10 00:52:13
You screwed something up was this to be a link? 