@_author: sacred_tribune
@_date: 2018-05-21 18:56:08
It really depends on the contract TBH. The open ended BTC contracts payout until the profits cannot cover the cost. IE if the difficulty outpaces the value relative to the pool size. The stronger BTC stays or grows the longer the contract lasts. And it must be negative for 6 months so small dips won't kill them overnight. The real reason genesis is so large is because of these open ended contracts. I have a few of them myself that have paid out more overall BTC than I could have bought with the same amount of fiat at that time.  It doesn't matter if you or anyone else doesn't like it or lost. These services are just as much a gamble as holding the currencies themselves. Just because a lot of the people here have lost doesn't make the company a scam just the same as a casino isn't a scam for taking your money. No one promised you you would gain more than you invested. 
@_date: 2018-05-21 19:22:00
You are saying the same thing! Get this straight. I paid X amount of bitcoin for a contract  and have earned more bitcoin that I payed for the contract. Literally have more bitcoin now than i had before. These are open ended contracts, IE they only stop paying out when the fee genesis collects is not covered by the payout of the contract. And it must be negative for 6 months. I have multiple older  contracts that are in the black and a few that I bought more recently that are not paid off yet. As long as the price is stable and growing these contracts will continue paying out. Again this is a gamble and I understand that I may be lucky but I worked out the numbers and know the odds of getting into the black (black in this case receiving more BTC than could be bought at the time of purchase for the same sum of fiat). 
Just because you may have lost doesn't make it a scam. This is a real company with real facilities offering a real service. Granted it may not net more overall value in currency than a straight up purchase in some cases, but that doesn't make it BS. You claiming it's garbage is no different than the Bcash crowd calling BTC is garbage. Do research and educate yourself before posting lies.