@_author: saddale
@_date: 2014-10-04 21:23:52
@_date: 2015-01-04 20:00:21
Well that's just the thing. I don't really have many friends anymore because I pushed them all away because of anxiety. Now I feel like I've lost too much time and it's been too long to contact any of them again.
Also having to have a friend come with me just to go to the gym would probably crush what little esteem I have. I can hear it in my head now: What kind of weakling can't even go the gym by themselves?
These past months I've just been trading bitcoin not really getting anywhere. The more I think about it the more pissed off I become at myself for wasting so much time. Now it's all gone and all that time wasted was for nothing.
I think more than anything else I am furious at myself for not having done anything in the past few years. It's an anger that I find hard to overcome. I don't know how to forgive myself for wasting so much time. I'm in the prime of my life but I feel like I'm old....
Also the greatest mindfuck of all is me questioning whether the anxiety is legitimate and based of something that happened in my life, or is just conjured by some dysfunction in the brain. I was bullied and treated badly in college, and I've never been able to trust women after being betrayed so many times. I suppose it's just little things adding up to create a general anxiety of everything. 
@_date: 2015-01-04 19:46:46
Sports gambling. I lost over $3000. I know it's stupid I just thought I would eventually win and make it back. I lost 5 times in a row my head is still spinning from it.
I've tried to rethink my life but I have no will. I'm tired, weary, and I really don't know what to do. I used to have direction.
I went to a gym but I have severe anxiety and just having to go by a desk everytime I went in and out ruined it for me. I stopped going. I am healthy for the most part aside from a chronic manageable condition. 
I don't think I could have conceived of myself becoming such a piece of garbage 10 years ago. What kind of degenerate idiot loses $3000 gambling... 
@_date: 2015-01-04 19:39:56
I just need people to talk to is all. I feel like I've really messed up this time. It's not even the money it's a repeated pattern of personal failure hammering me into the ground and just making me tired and sad. 
I'm overweight, jobless, broke, and weary. I'm like the worst person ever.
@_date: 2015-01-04 20:13:12
No I'm not trolling you. This is probably the one time I've been honest with myself and other people in the past year. 
I had to move back home with my parents after money became an issue last year. 
I am so disgusted with myself and ashamed that I rarely go outside anymore. I don't want to be seen because I'm such a loser. What kind of loser has to move back with his parents? I might add that I'm 27, so it's even more pathetic. I feel like the biggest piece of shit on earth right now. My head is a mess, I can't think straight, I don't have an income and I have no direction.
It's just a giant clusterfuck of issues that have conspired to make this a pretty terrible period of my life. And, on top of that, the reason for starting the thread... I lost $3000 gambling like an idiot. 
I want to change but I don't know how. I don't know where to spend my energy and time. I feel directionless.