@_author: sadhnin
@_date: 2017-04-10 08:50:52
Here is the email I got from bitfinex
Hello sadhnin97  
We have unlocked your account few hours ago and it seems as if someone made an withdrawal for 3.7 BTC. The withdrawal request was successfully completed and if the withdrawal was not issued by you, the owner of the account. We can't do anything anymore. It seems as if the intruder knew your passwords and email information even after you changed your password. The Intruder used an android phone to connect to your account and withdraw all the funds which would require an email approval it seems as the intruder had already hacked your device and we suggest you wipe your phone. I have disabled your account permanently for future use. Please create an new account with new email address. The intruder's IP Was 103.36.141.18. 
Kind regards,
Bitfinex Support Team
@_date: 2017-04-10 08:23:30
Bro thank you so much for your help...
The above details not matching with my account...
First I had twilio 2fa security but when I contact support that someone tried to change my details they advised me to change my bitfinex password and email password that I have used to register bitfinex..after that I changed my gmail and bitfinex passw and support team told the password change made my bitfinex acc for 5 days withdrawals hold...
Then I said it's ok if my fund is secure ..Then they advised me to disable twilio and enable 2fa Google authentication security...I asked them can't I use both secuity to protect my account ....They strongly recommended me to disable twilio security and enable 2fa then I enabled Google authentication app and I had 2fa Google authenticator enable on my acc..
I had changed my all security for my gmail too I still have 2fa security on my gmail...How can I believe someone can easily withdraw my funds where I had all security enough..also I didn't rec any withdrawl email confirmation on my email too how can I believe the outside ppl did this .....
I have my phone on my hand whole day ..coz I was keep tracking the email I was getting from bitfinex support..the re is almost none who can use my phone..Then how can I believe this mess easily...Bro I'm a student the fund was my life savings I can't afford the loss...Pls help 
@_date: 2017-04-10 08:36:28
I m.not able to post the screenshot here...Can I msg you pls
@_date: 2017-04-10 07:22:22
Many thanks for your reply..
No bro I didn't use any bot for trading but yes I was trading altcoin ..Any advise for me pls ?
@_date: 2017-04-09 06:41:34
Bitfinex stolen all my funds 
Any help will.be appreciated
Pls read this details 
I'm sadhnin from Bangladesh
I'm having problems with my bitfinrx account..
About 7 to 8 days ago Some one tried to change my account settings...I 
Did inform to bitfinex and they did hold my account for 1 April to 9 April and they told they are rolling back the changes and investigating ...my account will be unblocked by April 9 at 11.30 am Bangladeshi time..
But today 9 April I got an email that Some one requested to change security the time was 10 am ...I sent a email to support that who made this 
They sent me a suspicious email telling that the intruder made an withdrawal request and that was successful..
Let me tell you one thing more I had enabled Twilio 2fa but after having this problem they suggested me to enable Google authentication 2fa and disable the twilio I enables the 2 fa Google authentication...
So when they emailed me that your fund got withdrawn 
I.was shocked 
Where they told me the time to unblock my account is 11.30am the time was 10.am 
Why they unblocked my account before the schedule they gave me?
If they unblocked my account why they didn't inform.me by email ?
And yes if anyone made an withdrawal request he must need to login my account where I enabled my 2fa Google authentication how any one can login 
Or if he login by any how why I didn't notice any login email confirmation? 
Why I didn't got the withdrawals request  email confirmation whuvh I must need to confirm by email and Google 2fa ?
I.need all of your help pls help me 
I had about 6k $ funds there 
Pls any one help me and suggest me what should I do 
If I loss this fund my family and me won't be able to afford.anything ....
Will be very grateful
Help appreciated....
Thanks in advance