@_author: sadlybitcoinwillfail
@_date: 2011-04-28 12:49:12
This idea of users relying on "supernodes" is just like people relying on banks, with all the same problems, and it's basically what a crypto-currency is supposed to avoid.
You can start thinking about supernodes colluding just like banks do, or appling ever growing fees, using their power to lobby the government to their advantage or to exclude access to their "elite", subverting the protocol, exploiting some kind of "vendor lock-in" on users, removing privacy for security reasons, and so on (all things real banks currently do).
@_date: 2011-04-28 10:09:23
throwaway account of course :P
@_date: 2011-04-28 13:33:13


I like how you make this looks easy :) We can't do that for the simplest networking protocol, such as for mail or ftp, we are stuck with standards of 40 years ago becouse of legacy, we dont' seem able to move from IPv4 to IPv6 even now that IPv4 addresses are basically over.
and you think we can just go to sleep one night and wake up the next day with a brand new system like that? We are talking about the technology that moves all money in the world (assuming bitcoin diffusion), do you have an idea of the interests and pressures behind this ? Not to talk of the enormous technical issues..
@_date: 2011-05-03 12:36:29
Throwaway becouse my real user is very linkable to my real identity and i don't want it to be connected. You know, anything you write in the intertubes is like attached to your resume. :) Anyway, I have quite some knowledge on p2p networks.
I agree with you, all pioneering projects, even if they have such shortcomings, are of interest.
@_date: 2011-04-28 13:21:35
I expressed my view on "supernodes" and why they should be avoided in other comments.
The thin client solution is simply a not-working one. The process of validation require the whole chain or at least a good number of the lateset blocks, a rule that is valid for full nodes too. Also, there's not such thing as "checking to see if someone sent you money". This involve downloading all blocks, since transactions are inside blocks, and you don't know if there are transaction for you until you have downloaded and validated a block. That's for most ways what a full node do, you save nothing on network bandwith, cpu spent on verification process, etc etc.
@_date: 2011-05-03 12:59:10
I answered why up in the thread.
You must be quite retarded to consider me a "paid operative", and even more retarded to think that constructively sharing doubt on a system, showing its weakness, can be considered "hobble the system with doubt". If any, it helps the system, making people aware of where work is needed, or if it's an unsolvable problem, to better spend their time on other kind of solutions. That's how science and technology progress, people showing other people's idea weakeness.
I suggest you to read something about networking and scalability. You could start with tanenbaum's computer networks.
@_date: 2011-06-15 14:42:46
432109 bitcoins ? wow
@_date: 2011-05-03 12:50:26
lol, this is great :P oh how i'd like to be a paid operative :P
my programming background: i work for a bank consortium, one of the biggest of my country. I programmed the security system of the transaction database, that is compilant with PCI specification. We also acquired ISO 27001 certification.
In private, i'm an open source developer interested mainly in p2p networks. I hacked a little on the Freenet project, studied a variety of existing solutions and also designed and programmed my own network.
I can ensure you that while not a guru, i'm quite aware of both cryptography and p2p networks.
@_date: 2011-04-28 12:08:42
i think it's a correct assumption. The fact is that the protocol should work for whatever number of transactions. All of the world, or twice that, for future, or many times that, etc. Resouce usage should grow linearly.
But let's suppose you're right and my assumption is not: then there would be a limit in number of user and/or transaction beyond which the whole bitcoin system degrades and finally crash. And that limit is smaller than the required capacity for the world need. Is that auspicable? What if that limit is reached, let's say when half of the world is using bitcoin and the other not?
Also, if we put efforts on bitcoin, it is becouse we all want bitcoin (or any similar system) to keep spreading and eventually replace standard currencies. And it simply can't. We are betting on a system that can never win.
@_date: 2011-05-03 13:10:34
banks pay my bills and give a job to 99% of IT folks.
but don't think i'm a corporate minded person, i'm just an IT guy and i hate banks as much as you, along with insurance companies etc. I'm lefty and i'd love to see a system like bitcoin (but working) come into use.
I just don't know why i'm spending more time to answer a troll
@_date: 2011-04-28 13:25:15
on your last point, it may be true that desktop computer power can grow exponentially just as bitcoin resource requirement, but that's has never been a solution for non-scaling software. Even if you can keep up, is it acceptable to waste let's say 80% of world total network power for bitcoin ? Or even 50% ?
@_date: 2011-04-28 12:24:01
I completely agree. in the forums people dismiss the issue with the "we'll see when we'll get there" mentality. The fallacy of this approach should be obvious. This idea will at the very best generate legacy problems, and we all know how much legacy affected the computer world (we still use protocols of 40 years ago). And this is all the worst as we are speaking about money. Who will decide how to change the protocol that handle all the money in the world (or a substantial part of it anyway) ?
Also, there's this idea of people not running their own nodes, but depending on trusted "supernodes" in future. Well, that's basically the definition of "bank" and exacly what we are trying to avoid with bitcoins. For example ( as stated by this article  ), a group of this banks/supernodes can have enormous power over the network and its protocols, exacly like regular banks have power over the economy and the currency. And we have plenty of real life examples of how banks have fucked with the monetary system, their customers etc etc.
@_date: 2011-04-28 12:25:09
so what do you think most people run bitcoin for ?