@_author: safcoiners
@_date: 2018-03-09 11:41:05


Do you really believe they are in France. The whois data is obfuscated to oblivion and most likely even the ISP will not know who is behind it.


Yeah, sure French law enforcement will drop whatever they work on and pick up this reddit post and take it from there....It is their job to help, but get in touch through the official channels. The lawyer part.... uhm, no, no lawyer is gonna provide any substantial pro bono help.


Before you accuse a random person on the internet, kindly remind yourself you ar enot a virtual John Wayne, maybe that user was suckered into the scheme, just like yourself.


Its his coins now, no surprise there.


Is this a real question or what. The FBI and IRS were already aware if you ever used any exchange, if not, they are aware now, it is on the internet.


So you want to dox the guy. That is illegal. Stay away from dishing out justice, the guy might be innocent and an IP does not mean much.
You have mentioned the state of cryptocurrencies, well, its all scam and fraud and a zero sum game, only the selectively blind are oblivious to this.
I tell you what, the BTC are gone, even if someone finds the person who has stolen the coins before they cash it out irl, they can just deny and claim they do not remember the key.
Best is to have a sense of community about it, the coins are not gone, it is just someone else owns them now.
People say they all know how to protect their coins and wallets, yet 15% of all BTC in existence have been stolen/hacked.
Every ICO and alt coin is a scam, all exchanges have you trade against them(not other users) and most of them have been hacked.
Mining pools get hacked.
Nothing and nobody is safe in this unregulated mess.
There are hardware wallets which are fake on the market already. People are being kidnapped for paper wallet keys.
To even assume you would get any kind of useful help on reddit is unbelievably naive and childish. And it is reflected by the pathetic, vastly idiotic replies here.
I would know how to get hold of the person behind it, but there is no way I would ever post a work about it online.
And despite your claim of 20 years in "IT", you have proven you do not have the skills to pull it off.
Your 20 years clearly have not been in network security.
There is a saying, never trust any user input, yet you went to a fake wallet website reccomended by a .....user...a random person on reddit.
Then it blew up, 7 BTC gone, and what do you do...you come to ask for help on reddit, from...again...random users. And you still believe in the markets, you "gonna come back stronger".
