@_author: safde0wnmdvgaw0
@_date: 2014-03-21 07:10:31
Are you out of your mind? This community doesn't give a shit to your saying that something apparently good is bad! 
@_date: 2014-03-21 04:23:42
1. Bobby is one of the most vocal supporter, and a beneficiary, of Bitcoin in China. So, if you haven’t already, take his words with some skepticism.
2. There was never a ban on Bitcoin in China, and rarely did media made such blatantly false claim. That said, the FUD that the media have portrayed, in my opinion, is justified. China would do whatever it takes to protect its interests (including the renminbi). It wouldn’t be able to kill Bitcoin for technical reasons, but it could halt any business activity that relates to Bitcoin if it wants. If you think BTC China is an exception you couldn’t be more wrong. Look at Alibaba, or Tencent, two of China’s biggest internet companies -- their virtual credit card services are put to a stop with no prior warning, discussion, and just like that -- BOOM -- it's dead in the water. The material fear is that, if Bitcoin does blow up in China, the authorities wouldn’t just sit there and let it undermines the capital control.
3. The December notice is one of the more important policy guidance we could get from the Chinese government, and there is some vagueness in some part of it. We are SURE that financial and payment institutions are barred from providing Bitcoin-related services, “whether directly or indirectly” -- the notice says. So now that Bitcoin exchanges in China are accepting customer deposits through their corporate accounts, is that a sort of “indirect” service in relation to Bitcoin? So far, based on the fact that it has yet to crack down on these activities, we may say NO. The notice also says the general public is free to trade Bitcoin, with some ambiguity in whether that’s limited to online exchanges or offline exchanges. But China can change its mind just as easily. As it did in 2009, two years after it issued a ban on Q Coin’s use for real goods and services in a passing mention in a notice that aimed at internet cafes. Boom. Q Coin’s gone for good and was never again used for real goods and services. My fellow Redditors, keep your caution up.
Another major uncertainty in the December notice is here, translation provided by a Redditor: "[bitcoin] cannot and should not be circulated as currency on the market". No one knows what "as a currency" encompasses, do you know what I mean? My speculation is that this ambiguity is deliberate, so if they ever want to come out and impose a stricter ban, it'll have a sensible trajectory. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 06:08:55
"So, if you haven’t already, take his words with some skepticism."
That's what I said, in response to the apparent euphoria tends to have in reaction to a positive news. And it is obvious that you should be equally skeptical of me as well, if not more. The problem I find with your comment is your implication that I might be spreading disinformation, without actually pointing out which part of the message I wrote could be wrong. My apparently unpopular view that the media's FUD is justified in China's case is based on a few observations I have. If you disagree, I welcome your comments. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 08:09:20
I see what you mean. But the two articles were not really suggesting that China has banned Bitcoin do they?
@_date: 2014-03-21 09:53:39
Never denied that there's a misperception about that. But we should set the bar higher when it comes to pointing fingers. Mainstream media didn't make that many false claims over "China Bans Bitcoin," especially more reputable papers, not blogs. 
Not sure if people would call me pedantic. But I am confident getting records straight and accurate would help move the discussion forward in a good way. It's too easy to blame mainstream media for readers' ignorance and misconception -- see the other post about how many American got shits wrong.
Edit: You may want to take a look at a Google search of a bunch of likely misconceptions: I wouldn't say any major news outlet got it wrong.
@_date: 2014-03-21 06:59:02
I saw very few articles from major US media (blogs and forum posts have been a bigger source of such claims) that declare outright Bitcoin's banned in China. Could you point me to a few examples?