@_author: safeharbors
@_date: 2014-03-25 04:45:01
You make a good point, about the uncertainty of understanding a government's motivations. In order to address your comment appropriately, I need to explain the context for my point of view.
Fundamentally, I view humans as part of nature, and accordingly, we operate by the rules of nature. Life, at a fundamental level, seeks to sustain itself by proliferating its essence (we'll just use DNA as a proxy for nature). In order to pass on its DNA, an entity, (a tree, a rabbit, a person) competes with other entities to gain better access to resources, skills, position, or any other dimension that will offer competitive advantage and increase the likelihood that it is able to propagate itself. This dynamic is evolution.
In nature, where resources are scarce and hard to win, it seems to me that life forms tend to compete more effectively when they organize. Fish swim in schools and wildebeest migrate in herds to defend against sharks and lions. Ants and honey bees organize into elaborate colonies and hives and perform activities that require a much greater level of sophistication than an individual actor is capable. In these groups of animals, hierarchies even develop. The competition to secure resources and be in a better position to proliferate becomes more complicated over time. One ant colony might develop more efficient operations that make them more competitive against the colony of another ant species, even though an individual of the more sophisticated colony might be physically inferior to its competition. These colonies, are in effect, societies, and they are present in every class of animal, including humans.
In my view, and I'm sure there are far more sophisticated minds with far more informed perspectives, human societies developed due to the same competitive dynamics that we observe in nature. We compete more effectively in groups, and the better we are at organizing ourselves, the more successful our groups are in achieving the basic goal of propagating. Belief systems and value systems are all powerful tools for organizing groups. Religion, military, and national identities have all worked, especially in combination.
The competitive dynamics and fundamental motivations have never changed, but as we've evolved, the sophistication of our organizing entities has grown. We now compete based on the effectiveness of our governments. Governments (like companies) are just made up of people, all with different values and motivations, but generally with a common affiliation to the respective country.
Capitalism is the most effective proxy for evolution and natural selection that we know. We've made fierce competition more productive with our invention of money, which can be exchanged for many things that had to be taken by force (natural resources) as well as the results of other people's (or society's) productivity. Since natural selection in its basic form is brutal and unforgiving, we have developed systems of morality. While there are certainly religious influences, and other codes of conduct, that underpin the idea of morality, I think there are also pragmatic arguments. Morality reduces volatility. If you destroy a country during a war, that is a lot of lost progress and productivity. If it were okay to kill your neighbor, then we'd be wasting a lot of time and energy protecting ourselves instead of contributing to the progress and productivity that makes us more competitive.
In order to avoid expending unnecessary resources (time, value, opportunity) protecting ourselves, we give up a little freedom and share of our productivity (taxes) to governments. And the government itself is subject to the same competitive dynamics as anything else. Even in non-democratic states, when things get too bad, the government gets overthrown. In democratic states, there are less disruptive ways to course correct earlier on, but we express our satisfaction and dissatisfaction in public discourse and by voting on a regular basis.
The USA isn't alone in its motives to advance itself and compete in the world. That statement characterizes any country that interacts on the world stage. Some do it more effectively than others, and with creative strategies. Singapore, a small island nation, transformed itself from a poor country to a rich country in a single generation.
However, one of the reasons that the USA has competed effectively for at least a century, is that it generally favors policies that tolerate more risk for the chance of greater reward. The stability of oversight often comes at the cost of innovation. The USA tends to find ways to balance these two tradeoffs pretty well. The bankruptcy code is a great example. To illustrate, if a bloke starts a business in the UK, attempts something very innovative, but goes bankrupt, those debts follow him around until he can pay them off. In the USA, the individual can declare bankruptcy, creditors take a haircut, and the same guy can start again (provided he can raise capital) with a clean slate.
It's important to understand, that none of this is altruism. Letting people take risks, results in both failures and successes, but capitalism provides enough incentive for people to figure out better ways to do things and create successes that lift the whole society up. The government, even if you think of it as its own entity that seeks to propagate itself, needs its citizens to create innovations that increase productivity. And then it needs to create new and remove old laws such that the good can be harnessed without leaving too much room for the bad. That is always an iterative process, because new technology, especially when dealing with inventions as powerful as the internet or blockchain, requires rethinking of how the world works.
In short, the USA, and any government, is the result of a process of natural selection in which humans organized themselves into ever more sophisticated systems to create competitive advantage and propagate. I infer that the USA is motivated to foster innovation because doing so, even if there is some trial and error along the way, is the best method of improving competitiveness. The government is motivated to protect its citizens because a) it's been hired by them to do so, and b) because they are more productive when they don't have to focus on protecting themselves. And finally, the USA government aims to protect its citizens from the more destructive results of competition (volatility, massive setbacks, war, etc), -- things that would prevent people from taking risks and innovating for a better future.
Edit 1: typo
Edit 2: typo
@_date: 2014-01-08 19:12:06
There is a bitcoin-friendly incubator / hotel called to 20mission hacker hotel in The Mission District, San Francisco. Lots of foot traffic, lots of tech people, and plenty of counter-culture vibe.
@_date: 2014-03-19 16:17:52
Guys, we're being a bit paranoid about government interest in bitcoin. At lease in the US, the attitude is generally positive. There are a couple edge cases trying to make a name for themselves, but the USA is motivated to find ways to foster innovation and protect its citizens.
Given the amount of crime that involves fiat currency, it would make no sense for a government to disproportionately allocate resources to focus on bitcoin as a currency right now. It's a small fish.
I think we're projecting our own interest in bitcoin on news and blowing things out of proportion.
Caveat: only speaking about the USA here.
Final word: monetary and fiscal policies are incredibly powerful levers for governments. When (if) bitcoin the currency becomes a serious player, some regulation will be needed. However, that regulation might not only be directed at crypto. It could lead to reform in taxes, cross-border capital controls, and lots of other existing structures. We can help shape those policies if we stop presenting ourselves as an irrational anti-government mob.
@_date: 2014-06-18 00:50:49
The consumers who use cash are actually subsidizing those who use credit cards. Credit cards with cash back or reward points fund those benefits for the user with the fees they charge the merchant, and rarely does a merchant have two prices: one for cash and one for credit cards.
The author's argument relies heavily on the 1% Coinbase fee. It seems like that fee to purchase and sell bitcoin will eventually disappear. Circle doesn't plan to charge a fee, so presumably Circle will use a model more similar to credit card companies and extract value from the merchants, then pass a portion of it on to consumers in the form of convenience, insurance, etc. That model might evolve to look very similar to today's credit card companies, only with lower interchange fees.
I'd also ask what the authors math looks like for a $.25 purchase, or amounts that are even smaller.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:57:42
That's fantastic! Congratulations!
This is just the kind of fun spirit and generosity we need our community to be know for!
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:11:29
Currencies as they are generally defined are forms of money issued by governments and national banks. Money is a medium of exchanging value. For example, gold is a form of money that also wouldn't pass the currency test. You can't send gold to the IRS to pay your taxes, but most people recognize gold as a way to store and transfer value. (Warren Buffet is famously against gold, because he argues it doesn't do anything productive. You dig it out of the ground (such riches!), and put it back in.)
I think Warren Buffett chose his words carefully. 
@_date: 2014-12-27 22:47:58
Why do you think there was a price correction instead of a bubble in late 2013? I'm an unwavering believer in the long term success of Bitcoin and bitcoin, but what kind of asset goes from $250 to $1000 in a matter of days? If we cut out that price spike (read: bubble), the price of bitcoin is still significantly higher than 18 months ago.
I don't know, just food for thought. I think we're dealing with something too illiquid, nascent, and unprecedented for meaningful understanding of price. Just buy, spend, and save just like normal money. And then have your mind blown when all of a sudden you realize your cash is programmable and world-changing.
@_date: 2014-04-30 00:21:24
The amount depends on the country. For instance, Brazil's tax rules on bitcoin don't create complications for small every day uses.
@_date: 2014-04-30 00:26:12
Well, what if the killer app isn't a form of money? 
@_date: 2014-01-08 19:53:52
Great! I just moved to the city. Let me know if you need any help! 
From what I understand, the complexities for BTC ATM machines are around money transmitter licenses. The costs might vary by country and state, which would inform your placement decision.
@_date: 2014-06-21 17:55:38
I think your father is actually bringing some common sense to the dialogue. Bitcoin price correlates reasonably closely with transaction volume and there aren't enough good reasons to transact with bitcoin yet. There will be, almost certainly, but right now it is principally a speculative asset. Even though new merchants announce they now accept bitcoin every day, most of the people choosing bitcoin as a payment method are doing so for ideological reasons. Tell your Dad you feel lucky to have a father who actually develops an informed perspective instead of writing bitcoin off as a crazy Internet bubble. Then ask him about things he's seen in his life that took a little longer than the most enthusiastic supporters predicted at the outset.
@_date: 2014-05-15 05:04:24
Posting this video does a disservice to the bitcoin community and the public. Tightening and loosening the money supply softens the ups and downs of natural economic cycles, allowing for smoother progress. We give up some of the peaks to avoid some of the life-destroying lows. For example, The Great Depression was a greater economic and social setback than the current Great Recession because we pumped money into the system.
The video also states that gold has a high intrinsic value. That is asinine. Its use in ornamentation and electronics probably gives it a value of $200-$300 an ounce. The rest is speculation and store of value, just like bitcoin. To be clear, there is nothing wrong with that. Gold and the US Dollar serve different purposes. Bitcoin would be a better candidate to replace the speculative portion of gold's value than the dollar's role as a M1 money.
In any event, I think it's important that we filter for quality when posting on r/bitcoin.  
@_date: 2014-03-31 20:44:56
You are creating a platform mediated network. Which side of the network are you charging? Why would I pay for something in fiat to get bitcoin when I can buy bitcoin with fiat on Coinbase or Bitstamp?
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:14:45
If bitcoin is not considered currency, them I think you would be bartering. 
@_date: 2014-02-21 18:58:59
I have done the same thing with a similar amount. No letter and no restricted status. Perhaps it varies by state. Either way, that is a ridiculous stance. Coinbase goes out of it's way to comply with all money transmission laws and follows all FinCen guidelines.
You can buy all sorts of virtual currencies online, not just math-based ones. Credits for stock photography, airline miles, etc--these are all currencies.
Was your relationship with chase limited to a checking account? I wonder if it would be different if you had savings or a mortgage there.
@_date: 2018-02-17 03:54:25
It wasn’t an endorsement of any kind though
@_date: 2015-11-28 18:47:34
The Apple II or even Apple I are probably more apt comparisons.