@_author: safety_jam
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:44:08
Absolutely; personally I'm still holding my pre-fork BTC and BCH, plus some eth and some other random tokens. I'm here for the technology, not a get rich quick scheme. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:05:13
I agree, I think that's a valid point.
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:50:24
Oh I definitely did, it was a really interesting idea but to me (a lay man) it seemed like it was an "increasing complexity" solution rather than a "simplifying" solution, which I think is usually preferable when possible (in a generalized sense, not just about bitcoin). Also it seemed like LN presented a lot of potential risk for consolidation of power on a network that's meant to be decentralized. 
But that was just the impression I got, I'm not an expert on the technical details. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:12:45
I agree that there will be a short term correction. No one knows when, of course, though Monday will be interesting to watch. 
Long term (years to decades) I suspect that it will be in general, as other coins based on the blockchain tech (which is the real value) come with with better and more user friendly ecosystems and less toxic communities. 
And as you mention, I think they will learn from coming regulation/government interference too - either by being super above board, or super shadowy.
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:46:02
No way to know for sure... personally I'm still holding my pre-fork BTC and BCH, but I suspect that the long term value of both with drop, as it's really the underlying blockchain technology that has actual  value as a new technology - kinda like the dot com bubble burst but the internet continue to grow.
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:17:08
It's just a shame that people had to fight and tribalize themselves... Bitcoin could have been a long term store of rising value and Bitcoin Cash could have been the easy to use, low fee daily coffee buying coin.
Instead people have to adapt an us versus them policy over everything.
@_date: 2014-06-16 21:13:41
Interesting, thanks... so there is actually a reddit API, like with Twitter and such. Neat.  Seems like there is some extra overhead there... but still seems useful, thanks.
@_date: 2014-06-17 19:07:33
Because you could have only a small amount of BTC, take a long ride, and not have enough to pay the balance, thus screwing the driver.
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:23:54
I haven't gotten any tips since the old tip bot, does it still work the same way?
@_date: 2014-01-23 17:57:37
Disappointed; we Canadianers also buy computers and with our sinking dollar, we'd love to spend bitcoin to upgrade them. I use Tigerdirect.ca and Newegg.ca alternately, so if one comes out with Bitcoin payments first I will stick to them.
@_date: 2014-01-23 18:41:55
That was just a joke, sorry, I wanted to try for something beyond the cliche Canuckistanians. 
The great thing about Bitcoin is that it works equally in all countries, so I hope they add to it .ca soon.
@_date: 2014-10-03 21:32:42


via @_date: 2014-01-15 20:18:02
So they basically wrote Silk Road stories into their tv show - the Law &amp; Order method! 
Not exactly a positive reference, but what are you gonna do.
@_date: 2015-01-20 17:14:30
I don't think I do? But will I have one if I get tips from you? Well... by next week maybe I'll know what I'm talking about!
@_date: 2015-01-13 16:16:51
Great list - I had no idea so many groups were accepting Bitcoin. Shriners? Impressive. If I find any more Canadian groups I'll post them for you as well.
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:51:24
Are you planing  to do this every week?  Is there somewhere can send a few bits to add to the pool? 
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:13:45
The long and short of it is - send your coins to a new wallet, backup that wallet, then install a BCH wallet like Electron Cash, import the old seed, and then you'll have BTC in one app and BCH in the other. 
Then fund your trading account with both coins - I use Kraken personally but there are multiple choices.
@_date: 2017-08-19 15:43:50
Not to be snarky, but in the future it's probably best to take in multiple sources of information and not just trust in one group/source. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 15:57:28
So if you don't mind me asking then why did you sell already?
@_date: 2015-08-03 15:59:57
Fair enough; it seems self evident to me based on an understanding of history, philosophy, and political science, but I'd  be curious to hear any factual or historical evidence that would indicate otherwise. 
While I agree with the premise of the original article, it makes no mention of this issue. 
@_date: 2015-08-03 04:31:22
Touche. 
But by a broader de facto definition you are, since the genie of democratic organized society can't be put back in the bottle (unless you advocate  a return to feudalism/anarchy - which would rapidly devolve to decentralized corporate feudalism) so the unfortunate paradox you find yourself in is that the only way to replace democracy would be voting (or violent over throw, but you wouldn't do that,  right? )  
Now, decentralized democracy,  there's an idea we can get behind,  right fellow follower? 
@_date: 2015-08-03 00:50:59
By not voting, aren't you enabling the very thing you claim to despise? 
@_date: 2015-07-17 21:36:40
Sure, I'm happy to explain, but I'm not sure if we can get anywhere. I think we've both made our points very clearly, I think we're just not going to get anywhere, so I'll try and answer your questions as specifically and thoroughly as possible, and that will probably be my last reply, as I think it's been explained about as clearly as it can be by now, so if you can read and ponder the whole thing, I thank you.


It's hard to answer this question because it presupposes a lot of information that isn't being provided.  I don't think I accept that your scenario is plausible in the first place. You seem to believe that there is one set of people who are happy and healthy, and a different and totally unrelated set of people that are sick or homeless, and that these populations are fixed or static. I say this is a false dichotomy. Of those 5 million people in your country, some of them will get sick. And given enough time, all of them will get sick. Certainly all of them will age and require medical care. Let's try to stick to simple scenarios - let's say that some of your residents get old and need wheelchairs. Will they be able to go to stores, restaurants, offices? After all, it's only a handful of people at a time - the profit to be made from serving them is less than the cost of building a ramp. 
Let's say some of your residents are hit by a tornado, and lose their homes. Now they're homeless. What am I prepared to do, personally? I'm prepared, and do in real life, to contribute some of my earnings to a common fund, one which will do things ranging from food safety inspections, to building codes, to disaster relief. A small portion of my money helps prevent a huge range of problems that may arise and may target things I don't even think of. This only costs me a small amount of my income but it's effect is many times greater than if I spent that money on my own.


I agree this is the crux of the issue right here. And unfortunately for us, there isn't a simple yes or no answer. Practically speaking, in your literal scenario, no, I wouldn't - because it's your country and your rules and I would respect that. If your society was able to function without you contributing, then I would have no right to force you to do so - but I posit that "society" and "function without you contributing" are oxymoronic phrases when taken together - you wouldn't have a society to begin with, you would have a group of people living a rural life style - each with a plot of land, each fending for themselves, each meeting his or her own needs, who just happen to be physically in proximity to each other. Your economy would be astonishingly small, without transit services, for example, but note I'm not making that a value judgement (good or bad), just noting.


I probably would do this, yes. I'd probably argue to the people that I met that it would be in their best interest to help their fellow citizens at various times. You, specifically, might live here and be functioning - but one day a tree might fall on you and cripple you, making it hard for you to work, to move, to feed yourself. I would encourage your fellow citizens to help you, since the same fate could have befallen any one of them, but there isn't anyway to predict before hand when or to whom that would occur. 
Here's my summation, as best I can make it: **yes, to a large extent, socialism is mandate.  Purely voluntary contributions wouldn't provide the same benefit, because people generally believe that "it won't happen to them." It's other people who are sick, disabled, homeless, between jobs, mentally ill, have their loved ones pass away, etc. But this isn't a realistic survey of life, it's a result of bias. It's in my personal best interest to ensure that my society has  a social safety net and public policing, firefighting, etc., for two basic reasons: One, something bad could occur to me personally which I cannot forsee, and my contributions to society are a form of insurance for if and when that occurs. Two, preventing those bad things from happening to other people is both morally right, and also in my self-interest - people who are receiving welfare, which only costs a small portion  of my income, are not likely to rob or steal from me, which would cost me a large portion of my income.**
Thanks for all the discussion and I hope that we can someday achieve a society in which we have both maximum freedom and safety from the unknown, to both our satisfaction.
@_date: 2015-07-16 17:43:47
Wow. You are astonishingly ignorant. You are inventing ideas that have NOTHING to do with what I said and are arguing against them.
Magic? What in the sweet hell are you talking about? There's no magic involved. I have no idea where you are getting this from, but you have been stunningly misinformed about what socialism is (and to be clear we're talking about modern 'democractic socialism' here, not classical socialism (as in, worker owned means  of production))


No, no, no... please! read what I am *actually* saying and not what your imagination is telling you... do me this one favour and think about what I am actually saying and not what you think I am talking about.
Every problem is NOT solved by socialism. The majority of problems are solved very well by capitalism. It's an excellent system because it uses a natural, emergent method - the invisible hand - instead of central planning, which is by definition less efficient. I would ask, very politely, that you understand and acknowledge that I am agreeing with you here and noting that capitalism is the superior system for the free exchange of goods and services. HOWEVER! What are you failing to acknowledge  is that capitalism does have flaws - if you can't admit that, then you do not have a valid opinion on the subject and your arguments carry no weight.  It is inarguable.
Attempting to provide essential services using a profit driven system is - at best - a wash with centrally planned services, and at worst a failure. In the best case scenario you are replacing the cost of bureaucracy with the cost of profit. They might cancel out, and as you say, a private corporation might be able to provide a service at the same efficiency as a public one. But that's clearly not the case in every situation. 
No one is forcing anyone to do anything. There's this idea that only seems to occur to Americans that socialism intends to replace private ownership of enterprise with state control. **No one is saying that and arguing against that makes you look like a misinformed or intentional ignorant idiot**.
Canadian healthcare costs LESS than American health care. It's a simple fact. The debt has nothing to do with it - your comparison is non-nonsensical. American expenditure on health care is 17.7% of GDP, Canada's is 11.2%. That's apples to apples. The healthcare system is fully funded  (94%) by tax revenues from the provinces - NOT the federal government. Please, [educate yourself](
I'm sorry that the facts disagree with your opinion, but you will have to accept it. 


because American is a corrupt and failed society. Yes, the government is to blame here, and they are corrupt, and a private company would probably do a better job. You are completely correct - except that some of us are lucky enough to live in countries that don't have massively corrupt governments. All I'm asking is that you look at the world outside your bubble before you dismiss good ideas with angry rants.
Socialism works when applied with common sense and reason in every other country in the world. Again, you are entitled to your opinion, but facts and evidence in real world examples support what I am saying - the best system to balance economic concerns with human interests is a well regulated capitalist economy with  a low corruption public interest to provide essential services. That's the real world  scenario right now, regardless of how perfect you think capitalism is.
@_date: 2015-07-16 19:35:26


Right. Now, as I mentioned, we're talking about democratic socialism here, not old school socialism, but that's fine - you can still understand the point using the definition you cited.
The only thing that's missing is the application of this theory to a *specific* role - not to an entire economy. 
So for example,  capitalism provides the primary source of economic motivation for a society. However, we see, for example, that it would make more sense for a firefighting organization to be "be owned or regulated by the community as a whole" - the production and distribution of firefighting services is owned by the local community, rather than a private, for profit company.
That's it. That's the whole argument. You are panicking because you think the state is going to seize control of McDonalds and Nike and IBM. It isn't. No one is proposing that. 


Show me an example of this country, period. 
@_date: 2015-07-17 19:05:58


I understand exactly how you *think* I'm saying that, but it's all in your head. You agreed with my example... that people form voluntary collectives in order to bring themselves common benefits. It's voluntary. It's a natural progression, all of human history is moving in that direction, or we wouldn't be where we are today, with a huge variety of successful governments and countries that work under a social democratic model. The proof of the pudding is in the eating. You can't point to a single functioning libertarian government, because your ideas don't work in practice. It's not more complicated than that. 


Of course - I was exaggerating for effect, but my point still stands - they fought a revolution because they wanted local control of their governance. That's what people have been fighting for for thousands of years. That's why we have the systems have today. My argument supports that and is supported by all of human history. Your ideas are purely theoretical and impractical. 


Are you describing the dark ages? Because that is the system we used to have. Socialism is the fight against the ruling elite towards collective rule and democracy. Libertarianism is a de facto return to feudalism. 
And are you really denying that there are millionaires and billionaires who have control over a huge amount of our political and economic systems? That's so stunningly naive that assume you've misspoken, given that you've generally been intelligent and articulate in your previous replies.


Okay, now you've finally presented a real argument about real life. Thank you. This is a great point. And again this is where I must stress that the problem you are having is a black and white viewpoint. You think that there must be 100% liberty or 100% socialism, and that's not the case - that was literally my first post in this whole discussion which you've ignored this entire time. Stop thinking in black and white and think about the best possible compromise for the most people. 
We agree completely here - drug laws are inane and pointless. All drugs should be legal. Everyone should have the right to do anything they want to do, as long as it doesn't infringe on the right of anyone else to do the same. 
I'm very clear on this libertarian philosophy. I'm just trying to tell you that that they are free, thinking people who don't want this applied to every facat of our life, because it would be anarchy and  oppression in practice.
Look,  your philosophical ideas aren't wrong, they just don't have anything to do with the subject at hand or a practical working system in the real world with real people.
This proves the naivety of your argument:


Individual people are not different - but the actual, real world function of society is. A city with no laws, no public services, and no government would be a hell storm of chaos and suffering. That is simply irrefutable. 
If every person on the planet was like you, your system would work. But that's simply not the case.  No one wants excessive taxes - my step-father is a doctor, he pays a lot of money in taxes, and he is happy to do so - he understands that it benefits other people who aren't so lucky as him. Where I come from, we want to help each other and we want to make everyone's lives better.
I understand where you're coming from, I do - if I lived in America, I wouldn't want to pay taxes either. But you can't expect the rest of us to live like that. I support your right to be free - but  I'm not morally capable of leaving the rest of humanity out to dry out of pure self interest. 
@_date: 2015-07-16 20:24:43


I readily acknowledge this point as it applies to many aspects of human society.
But it has nothing to do with what we're discussing. 
In this case  it doesn't matter if there are slackers or not. We still give slackers health care. We still give slackers 911. We still give slackers  water and sanitation systems. We're talking about fundamental human rights. I made this very clear in my original post, you just ignored it. 


To what end? I'm assuming you think of the government as an 'other,' some force outside your own control, but in most countries in the world the government is literally you and your neighbors. Local governments provide water and sanitation services, for example - those people are not some strawmen, fat cat, political class - they are literally and figuratively you and I.
As I've already stated, "socialists" don't want to take over your private companies. They don't want to seize the factories. There's no interest in socialism providing what the free market can already deliver at a more efficient rate. 
What it is interested in is controlling aspects of society that can be made better by common control. I've already proven that single payer health care costs less than private healthcare. That's established fact. 
According to a quick google search, "outstanding student loan debt in the United States lies between $902 Billion and $1 Trillion with around $864 Billion in Federal student loan debt." That's not efficient. That's not beneficial to society. That's the figurative drowning of an entire generation. America has more than enough money to pay for public education - of course, you'd have to reduce military spending, but that's a totally different argument that we could debate endlessly as well - all choices have complex consequences. 
Socialism is a tool by which people can bypass a flaw in capitalism whereby the greater long term human good is reduced in exchange for short term profits. That's it. Used properly, it's no more objectionable to freedom or liberty than capitalism. 


Hey, that's cheating. For one, we've only had modern, widely available health care systems for the last 50 - 100 years. Apples to oranges.
@_date: 2015-07-16 21:15:17


Hey, something we agree on!


I think that's the problem, I understand both sides of the argument, but yours is based in theory and mine in practice, so I'm having a hard time giving your more weight than mine. Of course, you probably think the exact same thing about me!
Cheers! 
@_date: 2015-07-16 22:04:51
Sure, that's fair - my point was specifically that there are other countries besides just America, so that's why we disagreed a lot.
America isn't that any more, unfortunately, so our debate is probably just whether socialism would make it better or worse.
I would contend, to potentially settle the issue, that there are other problems that would have to be fixed first before socialism would be an effective policy in America (similar to how gun control laws wouldn't work in America`, despite them working in other countries)
@_date: 2015-07-16 14:44:38
I didn't say anything about anything being free. You've completely missed the point. 
You're right - nothing is free - that's why we use socialism to provide things that human beings need, because it removes the need for profit, which adds unnecessary cost to a good or service. By funding a service like healthcare through public funds, we gain the advantages of scale without needless middlemen and profiteering. 


Very well. Health care costs in Canada are nearly half of what they are in America.  (See: 
@_date: 2015-07-17 13:04:17


The reason  you can't understand why I don't see that is because I'm not saying that. That's a made up idea, it's the same libertarian strawman in every single argument.




So how, specifically, would you stop people from voluntarily creating governments under a libertarian system? What is it about freedom that would stop people from organizing, exactly as as we have for the last 200 years? The flow of human history has been from anarchy (no laws, no government, ruled by the strong) to collectivism. 


You have it backwards, as usual. The reason you had a revolution was because you *didn't* have a local government. Libertarianism is authoritarianism in practice. You revolted in order to go from less government to more government. 
As have all the countries of the world that evolved from the British empire. The move is from authoritarianism  to democracy and now to social democracy.
No one is arguing in favour of a big, corrupt government - another libertarian strawman. Local governments are great, but sometimes you need large economies of scale in order to have the most efficient system. It's that simple. 
Your ideas are great, but they just have no basis in actual reality. Again - it's a great system for land owning Americans, but how would libertarianism work in Hong Kong, or New York, or London, or Tokyo? You know, the places where the vast majority of the human population live? How would your system benefit the people who aren't you?
@_date: 2015-07-17 00:06:44
I know, I know... I have had this same discussion many times over with libertarians and I'm not sure where the fundamental misunderstanding is... there  are simply functions of a society that can be done better (cheaper, with better out comes) when done as a collective rather than as a for-profit enterprise. In my country government isn't a separate thing from its citizens like it is to you in America - it's not one group controlling or forcing another - it's a voluntary collective. 
And quite frankly, that's not at all at odds with libertarianism - try this for a thought experiment.
Let's say we have your system, which is the absolute minimum amount of government possible (and therefore by your argument, the most amount of freedom). Under this system, a group of individuals decides (since we're so free) that we will voluntarily pool our money to build a common resource, whether that's a road, or a hospital, or sewer system, or whatever - pick any example. Since there's no government not to tell us we can't do this, we do. At that point, we move from our hypothetical ideas into real world situations. We need someone to oversee this project - someone to delegate the tasks of building, operating, maintaining, etc. We need people to collect the shares of money in order to keep the system running. And if someone decides that at first they would like to be a part of that project, but then decides that they would rather leech off the system - continue to receive it's benefits (for example, a pipe delivering fresh water) but not pay the group for their usage, then we need  a way to either force that person to pay, or remove their benefit (either demand payment or rip up their water pipes). 
Do you agree with me so far?
So now what you have is a voluntary collective of people pooling their resources in order to receive a needed service. Some of those people will have to work directly in service of that system, as mentioned, so you have a CEO, and probably a board of members, and you have some workers to do physical labour, and you've got someone who has authority over who receives the benefit of the system. Now you could also, in the interests of expanding your service, make this a for profit organization, sell shares to raise money, to increase your capital, to provide more service to more people and of course, make more money. All those initial shareholders, of course, will want to see profits (since it was their idea and work in the first place) and so you'll likely want to charge new comers a higher rate and pay that back out as dividends to the original shareholders. 
Or you could run it as non-profit organization, if, say, you were only serving one isolated place and didn't need to expand, and so the cost of the system could be kept lower, since it only needs to pay for the maintenance and operation of the system. In this way everyone receives the benefit of the system at the lowest possible price point, and it's all voluntary (hurray freedom!)
But - remember a few paragraphs ago, there are moochers - freeloaders who want to drink our water without paying for it. This can occur under either for-profit or non-profit situations. Now, imagine that our system is something that literally all people need - like, drinking water. And imagine that since every single human being alive needs drinking water, we've expanded our entire venture to an entire (insert geopolitical division here). Now you might end up with lots of free loaders, and you need way (force) to deal with those free loaders. So rather than wild west style vigilantism, we decide (as a collective and voluntary group) to elect a group of people who we would allow, voluntarily, to have a monopoly on violence in order to prevent freeloaders from mooching off our system and ensure that people who collectively pool their resources are able to receive the fair benefit from their free and voluntary contribution to the system.
Explain to me, exactly, how that is not exactly like what we have now? 
And how, exactly, a system which physically mirrors the exact setup of this system but in a profit versus non-profit model, isn't cheaper under the non-profit system?
We had libertarianism. It was called all of human history until the 19th century.  The natural result is that we, as social animals, formed collective voluntary organizations to work in our best interest. 
Your argument relies on a false premise, that people are being forced to contribute to something they disagree with. But no rational person disagrees with having clean water to drink, doctors to visit, roads to drive on, fire fighters, teachers, the internet we're using to debate this?
Libertarianism, in practice, would involve forcing people not to organize. It would be the feudalist capitalist dream - private companies would have an oligarchy on force, zero regulation (because who would make them?), and utter control over your life. It would be the opposite of freedom. Freedom means the freedom to organize to our collective benefit, a goal humanity has been working towards since the dawn of history, and libertarianism is what we have escaped from. It's the opposite of freedom, for a fairly simple reason - without social pressure and collectivism (ie without being forced to get along by means of a shared goal), the human life would be, to quote Hobbes, nasty, brutish, and short - we are greedy, xenophobic,  animals. 
Libertarianism is great for rich Americans with guns and land, but I'd love to hear how a libertarian city would function. As lovely as your goals may be - who doesn't want freedom?  - they simply aren't realistic for most of us.
@_date: 2015-07-16 12:36:21


You're a little off them money on a few points, but I thought it was important to address this specifically - socialism and capitalism mix very well.
You seem to think it's some sort of all or nothing kind of thing - either your country is 100% capitalist, or 100% socialist.      
    
That is not accurate.        
 
The most successful countries in the world today (Canada, Sweden, Norway, the UK, Germany, etc.) mix socialism and capitalism. That's the best system we've found so far. In brief, socialism is excellent at providing what people need (clean water, firefighers, roads, hospitals, etc.) and capitalism is excellent at providing what people want (sneakers, iPhones, cars,  hamburgers). They both have flaws but your fear of American "becoming" socialist is unfounded. Unfortunately there is a huge amount of propaganda intended to dissuade you from a system that is a designed to provide the greatest benefit to the most people. Capitalism is an excellent system but that is one of it's flaws.
@_date: 2015-09-03 17:07:08
quickbt.com is great if you have a Canadian debit card.
@_date: 2017-07-24 17:04:58
Just an anecdote, but I had btc stored in that app and then my phone broke - I recovered the backup file and attempted to open it on my new phone but it returns an error when I use the correct password, and the app owner says that the correct password is wrong. I was unable to recover the btc. I personally would recommend a client that allows you to create offline or cold wallets.
@_date: 2017-06-01 22:58:40
It was literally just 3 random examples, sorry. 
@_date: 2017-06-01 16:35:11
Just like VHS was great for the porn industry.
It would impossible to deny that much of bitcoin's success is due to its use as an anonymous currency on darknet markets. 
But people didn't stop using VHS tapes because they were supported by the porn industry. Porn became normalized and socially acceptable. Similarly  at some point people will also start to accept that drugs like marijuana, LSD, etc., are not harmful or shameful. 
Drugs like heroin, or weapons or sex slaves should still be banned - not by banning VHS tapes which are used for Disney films, porn, and child porn, but by attacking the producers of child porn. Same with bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-23 14:16:58
I work IT for a major investment firm - every trader and FA gets CNBC in their office or on their computer. They get cranky when it doesn't work.
@_date: 2013-12-03 16:28:15
I think the only thing I ever did with my tip account was to cash out my measly level of karma. I think it was worth about the same as what trickles out of the free faucets! But hey, they said it'd never be worth anything, showed them.
@_date: 2013-11-28 03:56:46
I hope $1000/BTC is the stable price so it's always this easy to see the value.
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:02:22
Damn... I just verified but I haven't deposited anything yet. Hope this gets cleared up.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:37:45
But that spike was a specific thing: China investing in BTC. That died when China put their foot down. So what specific event do you think will cause the next rise? 
 Because if you don't know then this post means literally nothing.
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:34:32
Good to know... so, if I only ever generate less than 100 addresses, my backups should still be valid? And I am correct in saying that an old backup (restored from say, 6 months ago) would NOT have BTC that was added the the six months after? 
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:46:13
I will do that, thanks.
@_date: 2013-12-02 18:49:38
No, it can't. He is just trolling you. The worst case scenario is that bitcoin becomes worth nothing. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 02:35:33
Joke's on you, I went to the site but I stripped off your referral code. Hey everyone, try [this link]( instead!
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:24:38
It really depends on if you're looking at a short term or a long term (or a very long term) time frame. My prediction is that it will fall in the short term, gain in the long term, and in the very long term (10 - 50 years) probably be a financially worthless but socially informative internet experiment.
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:46:34
Saw that it dipped to under $900, bought another tiny pile from quickbt. Slowly amassing what I can! For what it's worth, my feeling is that the price will stabilize around $1000 for a while yet. It's a nice round number and a reasonable value for most people. So I'd buy in while it's a little under valued.
@_date: 2013-12-06 20:16:56
This seems to be the most reasonable answer, at least for those of us who can't see into the future.
@_date: 2013-12-04 19:53:35
I wish there was an entire subreddit for snippets like this.
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:33:56
I switched my bitcoin client to display in mBTC. Makes me feel richer, despite only owning 1/100th of a bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:54:33
Why would you sell when other people are selling? Bitcoin isn't a company or a product. It hasn't gone bad or been mismanaged. If other people are selling, you want to BUY. If there was a lot of buying, you'd want to sell. Provide the service, make  the profit.
@_date: 2013-12-19 01:12:14
That's a good illustration, thanks. I hope it does look like that in the end!
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:58:21
Okay, let's just jump right from $1000 to $10 000 to keep things simple.
@_date: 2013-12-12 20:15:09
I agree; $1000 is likely to be a price point around which we fluctuate for a while. While the members of would like to see a $10 000 bitcoin, the rest of the world isn't convinced that  a virtual currency should be valued at such an enormous amount. 
Frankly, I'd prefer to see BTC stay stable at $1000/BTC so we can get on with using it for a currency instead of speculating, but I except the speculators will disagree.
@_date: 2013-12-18 19:12:36
Okay, let's assume you're correct. What do you think is the end point then? Exponential growth can't continue forever, at least not in a monetary system.
@_date: 2013-12-10 20:05:00
This; at least they're not laughing at the concept, they are showing people how it works and  providing mainstream exposure. Even though the portion of the experiment shown in the video was flawed, I think people would be smart enough to realize that you would keep gaining as time went on and you recouped the initial investment.
@_date: 2013-11-25 16:32:01
Is having a locked and encrypted wallet.dat file backed up to multiple devices like external HDD or USB stick a valid and safe method for storing BTC? Assuming I am using a long/random passphrase, is that my only point of failure? 
@_date: 2013-11-22 19:15:10
I use the normal bitcoin client with a locked/encrypted wallet with a long passphrase (not normal password). Am I doing it wrong?
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:12:10
Even if we do return to a pre-chinese value, all that means is that we'll have to wait a little longer to gain on other news. So perhaps a year instead of a month. It's not a big deal for long term holders. 
That being said, I think that $1000/BTC is a good long term average and I would expect it to stay in that ballpark for a while, at least until a major new event.