@_author: safwera32r
@_date: 2014-10-01 15:36:50
As someone who has all of ~$5 "invested" in bitcoin, thank you for this post. I'd love for the price to shoot to the moon, sure. But I want wide, global adoption of Bitcoin because I think its a tool against tyranny and can better humanity. Seeing the volatility happen freaks me out too, because this world is run by bankers and politicians instead of people. Your post makes a lot of sense.
@_date: 2014-10-03 21:45:00
No, those people may have harmed themselves. If they did, it is their responsibility NO ONE FUCKING ELSE'S! What's so hard to understand about being responsible for your own actions and NO government having a right to say otherwise? What kind of fucking society do you want to live in?
Drugs have been around since their have been people. Law enforcement does not solve the problem, it can't, its used to make people in power and the ignorant masses like you feel better about themselves.
Go take a look at how many people the United States* killed during the entire period Silk Road was in operation. I bet more people were killed by the United States than the entire number of users of Silk Road.
*Drone attacks, bombing villages, our police shooting unarmed citizens to death, etc.
@_date: 2014-10-06 21:06:59
Only if a defendant wins acquittal on a charge does what your talking about come into play, and I mentioned this already in my post. Double Jeopardy.
Which is why they just throw a bunch of charges...get a hung jury on any charges, try, try the defendant again. Or just throw some new charges at the defendant. Tax dollars be damned.
Or just have him killed, those that 'enforce' the law in our shitty society are also above it so I wouldn't put it past them.  You know, light his house on fire &amp; sprinkle some crack on the ground, whatever. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 21:51:06
...he won't get away. Even if somehow, someway he wasn't convicted during one trial, they'll do it again and again. And if he somefuckinghow won acquittal (which will never fucking happen the way the jury will be selected), they'll just ruin his life and harass his family for the rest of their lives. The government, like all governments throughout human history, are insecure bullies, who also happen to be sociopathic meglomanics, who need control over the populace.
@_date: 2014-10-03 21:30:26


Like, who cares? Not the courts, not anyone in law enforcement, not anyone in government. NO ONE. If some dicklick FBI agent shot Ulbricht, his dog and his mom, right in the face 20 times no one would give a flying fuck and the FBI would hold a party for themselves hailing themselves as heroes. 
What we need is a fucking revolution. A decentralized worldwide society where consensus is reached through blockchain protocol for societal issues and the influence &amp; power from centralized governments and entities is eliminated. (Imagine...no more FUCKING politics). I believe this could happen in the next century or so, but I more strongly believe the powers that be will glady destroy everything rather than let that happen.
@_date: 2014-10-03 21:38:51
Money and Power are things OJ Simpson himself had tons and tons of, which is something most people who insanely murder two people lack. He was a huge rich celebrity, not a normal person accused of murder. Therefore he gets special treatment.
@_date: 2014-09-12 20:57:15
I'll eat my own shoe if that happens. The government will say whatever it wants, the judge will not care, the public will not care. After all, he's just an "evil drug dealer" so somehow that gives the government magical rights to do whatever it wants, dontcha know? The FBI is using this case to flex its muscle, prove how important &amp; valuable they are and of course, FUCK logic and even constitutional rights, as da gubberment is master &amp; ruler over all. They'll bend over backwards to "prove" the tactics they used broke no laws, procedures or rights and the judicial and political establishment will of course go along with it. 
Of course, all that is really happening is the fucksticks that are the government prove the point of their tyranny and uselessness in the face of blockchain protocol tech, or in the face of normal human life if you want to go that far.
@_date: 2014-09-15 21:00:16
When you consider the courts, you have to consider prosecutors who have political ambitions. So suddenly, someone who made a mistake and committed some petty crime must be put away for 10 Billion Years because Mr. Prosecutor can't appear to be "weak on crime" or they may not get elected to whatever the fuck political fiefdom they're trying for. Everything is so fucked up from every angle, its a pathetic joke.
@_date: 2014-10-06 21:01:37


Its doable, hegemonic politics is what prevents it. It in other words it won't be done because:


isn't something that government actually cares about. You have do something like convince those in power it is in *their* best interests to take a particular action, and they can then use rhetoric saying things like its to protect "Children, addicts, and some mentally ill people"
But I refuse to support that type of "democratic" society, as its not democracy at all but a detestable scam.