@_author: saiditreadit
@_date: 2019-02-28 20:36:02
If things like this are worth making news..then you have long way to go..
@_date: 2018-02-22 14:23:52
So does your apartment take monthly rent in bitcoin? How about you kids school admission fees? Your college tuition? Car lease payments? That small deli round the corner? Or the roadside food carts how many accept bitcoin?
Wake up please be smart bitcoin is here to stay but give credit where due to people who hAve more reach and time in this "business".
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:50:36
That is a valid fear can't deny it. Its my worst nightmare too as of many.
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:29:39
Firstly I shouldn't single out BTC when I say BTC I mean any crypto.
Secondly I hear you, true we have made progress, but so has Elon musk with his transit hyperloop but there are no real implications as far as final product out ther-- its not ready-- its still facing same issues as before and we still hoping his project defines the laws of physics.
BTC while great on paper is just a promise of future that honestly I have still to see, it needs to be consistent (and frankly keep going high even if it's a slow pace). If the only good thing about BTC is the price spikes we have over a short period of time I don't see it being same in comparison to fiat.
Yes sure $$ didn't go to 20k but it doesn't drop at such an alarming rate so frequently and stay in the mud for so long either -- that too for most of its lifespan.
Same with gold or housing.
I like crypto for its technical implications but honestly as far as crypto goes it only attracts singular(mentality) type of people in comparison to $$ which has a more diverse population using it that too universally.
I could go to the lowest of lowest undeveloped (in world) places and use the paper money.
As far as I see currently BTC (or any crypto) has two enemies one is its own community they are a confusing bunch they want to be inclusive and exclusive (at same time) of general public who haven't understood or adopted it yet.
And secondly its scary and frequent volatility. I can say/assume without any stats to back this up that most people even in third world countries know what their country fiat (money) is, can you honestly say same for crypto.
@_date: 2018-12-15 04:58:46
And when is that due? Compare long term pro/cons for both 401k investments and bitcoin do you seriously believe bitcoin is a good long term investment that you would absolutely advise your mom,dad and other family members to push their retirement into, or put your emergency savings into? Stocks that were bought for $8 are now
Honestly, bitcoin is great but it still has to prove itself, its still very much in infantile state even after being there for so long.
I hear same arguments about promises of the "Great comeback of the bitcoin", if you say it's gonna happen at (current year + 1) every single year - I am not sure what to believe.
Invest in bitcoin but know its like pulling a lever on slot machine better off gambling in stocks which has better stability.
@_date: 2018-12-15 05:09:08
Deli across the corner?
Steam games?
Even Uber doesn't accept direct bitcoin payments?
Just groceries from regular stores?
Which flourishing business that you use daily/weekly accepts this?
Its always bitcoin to some third party to the business.
Bitcoin is like the housing scam where people keep buying houses/apt with intent to sell it even going out and taking loans to do so in hopes its price goes up and they make a quick buck. And joke is no one actually lives in that building because everyone is doing same.
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:36:19
Right but concept of timeframe is important in terms of retirement, as discussed somewhere in thread 401k vs bitcoin. As a retirement investment one is a lot safer return in terms if having money to use.
Most people pay their bills &gt; then fill their retirement accounts first then. &gt; then spend on other things.
I assume spending on bitcoin is still on the later part for most people who understand the risks and have to entrust their life savings.
If I had to draw parallels between stocks and crypto vs a slot machine, then crypto still has a lot more closer resemblance to slot machine than 401ks where there is a lot more diversity.
I am not too knowledgable but is it true that BTC can drag down all the other crypto pricing? Curious.
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:09:57
My mistake. I should have used word crisis instead of scam. To give context I was specifically referring to China's "ghost cities". 
Bitcoin isn't scam I meant people are buying it in similar fashion as to buying houses for resale only.
I am up for bitcoin to succeed but there is a reason why it hasn't succeeded yet as opposed to currency and other valuable asset like gold.
@_date: 2018-12-15 15:51:24
Good conversation.
Yeah I mean if the gov't does a 360 going all okay for bitcoin (Which honestly if the big boys don't lobby for it I don't see it happening) than the crypto boat would have sailed away for many (like me) just like not having bought Google / Amazon stock 10years ago.. but I still wonder if it will be as stable as $$ and would it truly be what crypto currency stands for? 
Either way I don't see it going anywhere unless U.S. becomes Venezula (in which case we as Americans will have bigger things to worry about) or govt dips into crypto market and then I am sure many will jump ships because of lack of privacy and anonymity. Crypto is betting too much on people accepting it mass quantity..but it still fails to ELI5 it to the same public -- it simply is too complex for many.
You can bet on genZ pulling this for you but most of them are not rich enough to help support it for long run.(*my assumption)
Crypto is currently being supported mainly by speculators I think.
I wonder if someone legally inclined to protect interest of their client -- would they advise to invest majority of their clients assets into crypto (like a financial fiduciaries)?
As far as convience I don't see (currently) the benefit of using crypto over credit cards (paranoia aside and not seeing it as investment or vs gold/real estate / stocks) ?