@_author: saifedean
@_date: 2016-08-28 19:49:51
Your reply contains all the tell-tale signs of a scam artist trying to divert away from the blatant scam they are peddling.








I am not the one comparing them, YOU ARE! You brought up these completely different categories ONLY so you can dodge the blatant fact that Bitcoin's blockchain only works with bitcoin tokens. I explained to you how Bitcoin can only function with that technology, so you respond by telling me how it also needs other completely different things to function, which of course it does, and then you dismissed them as irrelevant, and completely avoided answering my question. If anyone is stupid enough to fall for your scammy answers, they deserve to lose all their money, but you definitely need to work harder at your scamming skills to justify earning that money.


I think you misunderstood what I wrote. "private blockchains" are a ridiculous fantasy with no purpose but to scam people by selling vaporware and powerpoint presentations. I asked you to name ONE SINGLE example of a functioning "private blockchain" anywhere in the world, and instead you respond by throwing around the word "orthogonal" to appear intelligent and dodge admitting that you are in fact paid money for a "job" as a Chief Technology Officer for a company whose only technology is vaporware.
@_date: 2016-08-25 07:54:26


Bitcoin sparked new interest in secure distributed technology by demonstrating that it's actually possible &amp; feasible. Now banks want it. Products which are inspired by Bitcoin and its block chain approach, and so they are often called "blockchains"."
Bitcoin demonstrated that secure distributed technology is possible &amp; feasible ONLY BECAUSE it combined it with a native token to reward verification of balances and transactions. This makes the entire processing power behind Bitcoin dedicated to one thing and one thing only: verifying the soundness of transactions, because the soundness of its rewards depends on it. If the processing power to secure your "blockchain" is compensated through any other mechanism, then your "blockchain" is nothing but a private database for whoever pays the processing power. You no longer have a solution to the Byzantine General's Problem, you have just recreated the same problems of shared databases, but with lots of pointless redundancies. You are massively increasing the processing power requirement, while doing nothing to increase the safety of the system or increase Byzantine fault tolerance, since any malfeasance on the part of the people providing the processing power can in fact alter your "blockchain". No matter how you link the blocks together, you are not employing a blockchain in any meaningful sense. 
It is quite telling that you begin this post by listing a bunch of things you've done in the past with no connection to the question you came here to write about. You have absolutely nothing substantive to show for this ridiculous pink unicorn of banker fantasy you are paid to promote. There is not one single working commercially deployed implementation of a blockchain anywhere, except Bitcoin, and your only purpose is to distract people away from what actually matters, Bitcoin, into spending their time, energy, and money on worthless vaporware whose only purpose is to con bank management and VCs out of "research" dollars.
@_date: 2018-12-10 20:25:13
Thank you for this. By the way, the French version of my book is already out:
Also, on top of the translations you mentioned, my book will soon be available in Arabic.
