@_author: saigonsquare
@_date: 2015-05-26 05:09:49
That's true, but I feel like that just shifts the burden a bit: those shops have to do something with the bitcoins, and while you're right that urban and developed areas could easily find a use for them, those places usually don't have a problem with remittances. The unbanked tend to live in low-infrastructure areas with a predominantly local economy. Bitcoin could increase their opportunities for global/international commerce in the long run (perhaps eventually addressing the imbalance in BTC flow as well) but to get there they'd have to find something to use it for in the short term. The closest you'll find to an "import shop" in many communities is a cell phone shop (sometimes combined with Internet cafe), which rarely sells new-in-box models. That would be the ideal candidate, but they don't source from overseas, and they're generally not trustworthy--I've seen many which openly sell fakes, knockoffs, and stolen phones, and the computers tend to be riddled with malware. Still, it could be a start. 
There's probably a way to set up a moderately decentralized system for handling the last hundred meters,  but it should be remembered that the centralization of WU is a huge part of its appeal--remittances literally are the difference between life and death for many people, and people feel they can trust WU. A decentralized, Uber-ish remittance handler would be a tough sale--people are understandably reluctant to put their only source of income into the hands of anyone they literally would not trust with their lives or their children's lives. Possible? Sure, maybe. But that's a tough sale.
@_date: 2015-05-26 02:28:37
I think the majority of WU's operating costs are in the 'last hundred meters': getting usable cash into the hands of it's recipient, who might live hundreds of kilometers from the nearest city or ATM. For WU in the Philippines, that means thousands of brick-and-mortar locations, each with security, possibly an armed guard, certainly insurance against theft, and staff/electricity/aircon for 14 hours per day. Until the receiving country is 100% Bitcoin (as in, buy your eggs from a roadside shack with Bitcoin, which the transaction limit could never allow) any viable replacement would have to replicate WU's physical presence.
Plus Bitcoin opens up a new problem. Mexico sends $1B/yr to the US. The US sends $25B/yr to Mexico. Suppose Bitcoin takes over that entire market. That creates a net $24B/yr BTC-&gt;MXN sell pressure, and an equivalent USD-&gt;BTC buy pressure. So Bitcoin wants to go moon in the US, but wants to go core in Mexico. That means the Bitcoin exchange rate becomes increasingly unfavorable for remittances. Either it becomes prohibitively expensive to send remittances via Bitcoin and the market grinds to a halt, or the market rebalances as people take advantage of arbitrage by converting USD to pesos and wiring those pesos to Mexico over the traditional banking network, then buying Bitcoins from Mexican sellers and reselling them in the US. That of course would just make Bitcoin parasitic on the traditional bank wire system, as the exchange rate necessarily could not be better than the bank rate, giving no particular advantages to using Bitcoin.
 
@_date: 2015-05-26 08:24:52


Well, sure, but that is exactly what is *not* happening in Greece. They're tied to a currency that is generally deflating, with a collapsed export sector, and they're forced to either slash spending (in a recession, which is literally Hoover) or default on their debt as a result of the choices they made because of it.
If you are in favor of a deflationary currency out of the hands of government politicians, you should be cheering the situation in Greece. This is a country that *cannot* turn on the printers, even in a situation where mainstream economists are pretty much uniform in their agreement that a bit of inflation and a bit of deficit spending is necessary.
@_date: 2015-05-26 03:48:15
Er...yes? They can't print Euros on their own. No money printing in Greece. Isn't one of the key problems with the Euro that different countries with different economies are unable to control their own monetary policy? 
German-determined deflationary/austerity policies were imposed on recession-hit countries whose economic conditions required inflationary/deficit policies. Unable to adjust the money supply directly, those countries resorted to other forms of debt and borrowing, which were badly mismanaged and resulted in spiraling debt with little economic gain. The inability of Eurozone members to control their money supply is one key reason (there are others) why the Eurozone recovery has lagged behind the US's recovery.
Not sure what the lesson is there, other than "countries that can't set their own monetary policy are simply allowing someone else to set their policy for them," a problem which led to the universal global adoption of fiat currency.
@_date: 2015-05-25 03:37:33


Face-saving is a thing--if your interlocutor thinks the answer will embarrass either of you, he will word it in such a way that that it is perfectly clear what the answer is, but in which the literal meaning of the words is ambiguous or hedged. 
Of course, if their English isn't good enough to make those distinctions clear--and if you haven't bothered to learn the language and culture of the country you're living and working in--there might be some miscommunications.
@_date: 2015-01-15 04:41:02
I'm not equating the Internet to HTTP. I'm equating the Web to HTTP, which it is. That is what the Web is. 
Bitcoin, like HTTP, is a protocol that makes use of the Internet to transfer certain kinds of information. I think that's a pretty good comparison point.
@_date: 2015-01-19 06:36:52
Money is only backed by one thing: a guarantee it will be accepted. For a long time, metal-backed currencies were popular because it was guaranteed that others would accept hard metal as money,  whereas there was no guarantee an 'unbacked' currency would be accepted. A metal-backed currency could always find a buyer--because the metal could always find a buyer. There's no axiomatic reason that must be so, but a few thousand years of tradition was good enough.
So what backs the USD? The police and the courts. US law [requires]( that the dollar be honored for all debts. The Federal government requires all taxes to be paid in USD. If you have USD, the courts will protect your ability to use them. If you don't have USD, the courts will force you to buy them to pay taxes. For international issues, the US military has repeatedly proven itself capable of intervening in other countries to recover US debts.
So, yes, the USD is backed. It is backed by the American government. That has proven a decent backing so far.
@_date: 2015-01-15 00:42:56


You could just put a free AOL CD in your computer, or double -click the AOL program that was bundled with Windows 95. By 1997 AOL offered unlimited monthly access for $19.99. It was practically one-click; you didn't have to fiddle with TCP/IP settings. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 06:14:25


Corruption, business, and governance are inseparable in China. With enough *guanxi* with the right people, you can get absolutely anything for free, and you can get away with absolutely anything.
Do most people get free electricity? Of course not. But if you (A) know the right people and (B) you or a family member are in any position to help them out, then it's entirely plausible that someone might happen to misfile your account details and what do you know my computer says you don't owe a thing. When I was living in Southwest China, I worked with people who got away with much, much more than a sweetheart deal on their utility bills.
I'm sure that most people with connections have better things to do than mine bitcoins, and I'd bet the majority of Chinese farms pay at least *something* for their power, but I wouldn't be surprised if someone's nephew somewhere was running a zero-cost farm.
@_date: 2015-01-15 00:14:34
Never mind the sour-grapes title. Let's look at the author's attempt to make a favorable comparison to the World Wide Web. Bitcoin is over six years old.
The first documented release of HTTP was V0.9, in late 1991. This marks the beginning of the World Wide Web, though not in any usable form.
Six years later, in late 1997, the web was more or less similar to today's, though minus social networking and with significantly clunkier layout. Amazon.com was the "world's largest bookstore," had successfully defended that claim in court, and had successfully issued its IPO. You could read tech news on HotWired (now Wired.com), opinion articles on Salon or recipes on Epicurious. You could listen to mp3s after downloading Winamp, you could check your web-based Hotmail account, and you could chat on ICQ. You could read the news on BBC News Online or the New York Times, or ESPN, or basically any other major media outlet. The Onion was online. Video gamers could visit IGN, Gamespot, Gamespy, and Gamasutra. In the conservative sphere, WorldNetDaily, Free Republic, Townhall, and the Drudge Report all existed. (Within a few months, Drudge would scoop every major news outlet on the Lewinsky affair). Meanwhile, Slashdot, Snopes.com, Boing Boing, eBay, Pitchfork, Craigslist, The Smoking Gun, Overstock.com, MSN, and more were all up and running, both "blog" and "meme" were words, and Google was less than a year away. Banner ads had successfully monetized the web. "Free" AOL CDs were being mailed to nearly every address in America, inserted in major magazines, and were even available at supermarket checkouts. 
Of course, even that's a poor comparison, since the first usable web *browser* was Mosaic in 1993, and six years after *that* it was 1999 and we were in the middle of the all-encompassing internet bubble. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 12:53:54
Yes I remember the time I went to my Wells Fargo and they told me they had accidentally lost my money forever and would not be compensating me as they were under no legal or regulatory obligation to do so.
Oh wait no the FDIC exists and I'm talking nonsense.
@_date: 2015-05-25 04:07:52
Perhaps more relevantly, in the same year when Great Britain was fighting the First Opium War to ensure that they could sell drugs unimpeded by Chinese law, since the unequal balance of trade between Britain and China was causing a fiscal crisis as Britain's silver and gold were being drained to pay for tea--and opium was the only thing Britain made that the Chinese couldn't make cheaper themselves.
Pretty sure that environment might have been relevant to the 1842 British view of China.
@_date: 2015-03-18 00:58:04
Orthography is writing: punctuation, spelling, and other things that do not exist in spoken language. It's the study of how language is written down, and not how it is produced--that's grammar. Grammar is how words and wordy-bits get assembled into meaningful sentences, and includes phonology (sounds), morphology (wordy-bits-&gt;words), and syntax (words-&gt;sentences). 
You're dead right that language change creates more language diversity; a single language of a group of steppe-nomads ended up splintering into languages as diverse as Hindi, Greek, Swedish, and French. Language change does not, as a rule, destroy language diversity, as languages rarely converge beyond feature-borrowing (except arguably during decreolization; e.g. Jamaican creole slowly aligning with standard English).
@_date: 2015-03-17 05:27:04
1) This isn't a dialectical issue or an issue of language change; OP accidentally transposed the 'r' and 'l'. It's a typo.
2) Spelling is orthography, not grammar.
3) Language death has very little to do with language change; languages die as multilingual minority groups become monolingual,  as younger generations choose to speak only Mandarin/Russian/Spanish/English/etc. instead of their ancestral language, and (in turn) their children never learn the language their parents choose not to speak.
4) Idiocracy is a stupid eugenicist movie; [people are getting smarter]( despite the long-standing negative correlation between fertility and education. The movie's conceit is that an average man today would be a genius in the future; in reality, to make an average man a genius, you would be better off by sending him into the *past*, as an average 100-IQ person in 1915 would be expected to score approximately 70 on a 2015 IQ test, and an average 100-IQ person in 2015 would be expected to score about 130 on a 1915 IQ test.
@_date: 2015-02-27 12:20:13
That is a definition of the price, not an explanation. An explanation would include the specific causative factors behind the supply and/or demand changing. 
@_date: 2015-02-27 13:13:01
Which is, again, a tautological definition of the price changing, not an explanation for the change. 
What you're doing is like answering Bill O'Reilly's infamous "tides come in; tides go out - you can't explain that" with "sure I can: the tides go out when the water goes down, and they come in when the water goes up." Tautologically true, but with zero explanatory power.