@_author: saigomade
@_date: 2014-05-08 05:07:29
yeah, they would. along with everyone else because there is no fire service because they couldnt afford one. you dont save money by not going to save one guy living in some shack that avoids his taxes. you save money by not spending the extra millions upon millions of dollars it costs to get the ladder truck. without the ladder truck, you now cant rescue anyone from any fires in tall buildings, regardless of whether they paid into what you could scrap together for your poorly equipped fire service or not. or maybe you decide you need the ladder truck, you need to cut costs elsewhere. maybe you decide to not give the firefighters training in dealing with chemical spills. well cool, then a major chemical spill happens and now your screwed. well maybe you decide to maintain less water sources around the city. well, some of them break, and you show up to put a fire out and have no water. you could provide them with less equipment, in which case they might show up to a car wreck and not have the tools to rip the steel apart to get the injured out
you need money and you need a LOT of money. for a single towns fire service it costs tens of millions in up front fees to build the station, buy the trucks, buy the equipment and train the firefighters. after that there are huge ongoing costs and various operating fees. it simply cant be done on charity. we have volunteer firefighters, yeah, but the only thing volunteer about them are the bodies
@_date: 2014-05-10 01:30:35
Finally got around to figuring out how to tip Bitcoin yesterday. Now I am just on the hunt haha. It's such a cool idea. I really believe internet tipping is going to be a major thing in the coming years, and I want it to be Bitcoin that manages to capture the massive potential market
@_date: 2014-05-16 12:16:41
weird, wouldnt have expected it to be so difficult to implement. suppose it is to do with them trying to keep the value of tips below 25 USD at all times to avoid the wrath of governments on money laundering accusations. bitcoin varies in value wildly, so i guess they need to have a system integrated to monitor bitcoins value to check how much bitcoin you are allowed to send in a tip at any given time.
@_date: 2014-05-05 16:27:56
you can send it without fees, and miners can not process the transaction because you didnt pay a fee. its entirely democratic. the fee is set by the sender of the currency, then it bounces around between miners until it reaches one that is willing to pay the fee set. if it doesnt find one willing to take the fee you offer it keeps bouncing looking for someone to process it, hoping some rogue miner has their minimum fee set to zero. this is up on the "how transactions are processed" thing if you want to read over it
and again, NZ tax model works just fine. maybe you arnt familiar with it. with the nz model, your employer pays your tax for you. every business is reviewed by the government and checked for who is working for what company, then every company must pay each employees income tax to the state for them. this model still works just fine, and is still infinitely easier than the US/EU/everywhere else model. john works for me, he earn x per year, and i pay y percent of that at the end of the year in tax. bam, done, nice and simple. contractors are harder to keep track of, but thats always been the case
@_date: 2014-05-16 09:08:39
I think that is really a great potential use of this if the tipping scene develops further. the idea of potentially funding something, such as a project on GitHub, is really interesting. basically taking the crowdfunding model, but rather than funding several years worth of development time at once, it is week by week, more like a twitch subscription. this would work really well if integrated into something like twitch i think, where you could tip people live as they play. they pull off something really cool, you send a small tip. they are having a hard time, you send a tip and such. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 14:59:13
I am thinking more full integration with twitch rather than just an individual stream having their own wallet. something thats part of the chat. being able to tip all twitch streams by default through the twitch chat would be huge. i can just imagine watching Day9 playing darksouls again this week and sending him a tip when he finally beats a really tough boss or when something cool happens. i think it works really well with the spirit of twitch, and if it became default i think it could become so popular it could practically replace the need for twitch subscriptions (not that i think subscriptions should necessarily be replaced)
@_date: 2014-05-16 10:46:33
Welcome to Bitcoin! 1000 bit Bitcoin is what i stick to long term for investment because i believe it has the best chance of long term stable growth, due to having a large and growing merchant base. at its core, these cryptocurrencies are all exactly that. currencies. they get their speculative value from their usefulness as a currency. bitcoin is currently in use by nearly 100,000 merchants, growing by thousands a month, so i expect stable growth. the other crptos havent really developed this stable merchant base so their value is much more speculative. so while i will arbitrage with some fun money, my actual "investment money" is largely staying in bitcoin. some of it may be moving over to darkcoin though, as that might get some short term growth as various criminal organizations latch onto it, which of course bring in a considerable amount of wealth, and there is also the libertarian element to consider. not sure about its long term success yet though. but yeah the axiom of never investing more than what you can afford to lose is always good advice to stick by. i certainly havent taken out a loan to fund what bitcoin i have haha
@_date: 2014-05-05 17:07:41
where i live, yeah, they are. all hospitals are public hospitals that offer a private option. the private option basically means you get a private room with a flat screen tv. same level of care though. its literally the same doctors and the same equipment. the only thing that isnt public is dental for some reason and everyone HATES that it isnt
yes, they would. people dont like paying tax. people dont like paying taxes so much they risk going to jail to avoid paying taxes. those same taxes that pay for those firefighters. and you think that these people that risk jail to avoid paying for firefighters are suddenly going to be jumping at the chance to pay voluntary taxes? yeah.... sure.... i bet.... no one will think to themselves "well there are a million other people in the country, SOMEONE else will pay for it, right. and, i mean, there is this new tv i really want, sooo. its fine for me to skip out my contribution just this once, right? it'll be fine, ill pay next time, honest". no, they will all come together and sing and everything will be a dreamland.....
@_date: 2014-05-17 02:11:07
there is no guarantee bitcoin would retain its dominance once it starts to lose it. if one particular altcoin becomes the standard for microtransactions, thats a MASSIVE marketcap, certainly enough to ensure a stable value. at that point it works as a store of wealth just as well as bitcoin does. now you just have the choice between bitcoin, or an alt that is faster and supports micropayments
bitcoin being relegated to solely a store of value will destroy its value as it gets destroyed by the competition. cryptocurrency are exactly that. a currency. their value is based entirely on the idea that they can be used as such. all growth in bitcoins value has been solely because it is a strictly superior means of transaction. if bitcoin cant claim to be the prime means of transaction, it has no means for future growth
@_date: 2014-05-20 09:22:58
Bitcoin would just fall over and be replaced by another cryptocurrency that innovated around the governments attempts at totalitarianism. or Bitcoin would be changed to innovate around the government. just like napster was destroyed by the government, then bittorrent innovated around the governments attempts at control. 
@_date: 2014-05-05 17:17:42
taxes arnt voluntary, thats why its called tax and not charity. i didnt claim it became voluntary. not sure where that came from
look to the religious right. have you seen how gay rights have been held back in america? THAT is the power of voting. the bible belt voters send in their politicians, and their politicians know if they fight for them they WILL get reelected. and thats exactly what they do. they go and they fight against the "evils of the gays" and whatnot. they fight for the bible to be in school, they fight against social progress. holding back gay rights doesnt support BP or general motors or any other mega corporation. it isnt the giant companies pushing that one. its the religious voters. this is why social change has always been slow. because the old are ALWAYS the most active voters, and they are of course the ones with the traditional views. without a major change in culture where the young start voting en mas, social change will only keep happening the way it always has. you just wait for the old people to die off, and eventually they dont outnumber you anymore. then you become old and now your kids are waiting for you to die so your outdated ideals die off
@_date: 2014-03-11 10:24:02
I fully and completely support this. Axiom is a team with a lot public reach. They are definitely one of the more prominent teams, and TB in particular is a great promoter making him a fantastic ally to have.
@_date: 2014-03-30 13:15:26
stop talking about bitcoin like it is a magical money fountain. it isnt. it is a means of digital transaction. ALL the growth in the value of bitcoin is based ENTIRELY on the idea that bitcoin can be used as a currency. not only is the IRS declaring bitcoin as not being a currency, they are greatly harming its use as a currency. not because you need to pay tax, but because its a bloody capital gains tax and how that system works. they need to acknowledge bitcoin as a currency
@_date: 2014-05-17 14:20:40
best of luck 1000 uBits @_date: 2014-05-20 09:09:04
I really do hope this gets some decent media coverage. Bitcoins impact on remittances is one of the most immediate, tangible benefits of cryptocurrency. There are plenty of other potential benefits for "when Bitcoin is mainstream" but this is something really changing individuals lives for the better right here and now. For a technology that is by all rights still in its infancy, I think thats truly astounding. The huge effect on the economies of developing nations, allowing individuals to have secure banking where they dont currently have access to it, and allowing remittances are always my leading examples of why Bitcoin is such an important technological breakthrough whenever I am explaining Bitcoin to someone for the first time.
@_date: 2014-03-30 12:51:38
dogs CAN actually see colour. just not as well as us humans. green would look more or less as yellow, and they would see a bright red as more or less black. a more orangey red would start to make it brown, and eventually yellow. 
so basically, make sure it isnt an orengey red and they should be fine. otherwise both candles could look yellow haha
@_date: 2014-05-16 10:25:27
oh, thanks. i was actually just looking at a few altcoins with the thought of maybe trying my hand at arbitrage (and by that i of course mean losing all my money trying arbitrage haha). thanks!
@_date: 2014-05-16 12:02:41
oh, you cant tie to to bitcoin amounts? weird, given it is a bitcoin tipping service :/
@_date: 2014-05-11 03:38:03
Thanks! Ill be sure to pass the goodwill on to try and get more people into Bitcoin!
@_date: 2014-05-13 12:33:10
This is actually exactly why I finally got around to figuring out how to tip Bitcoin the other day. Now I am just on the hunt for comments I like (mainly in the Hearthstone sub I expect). I think the key is to avoid evangelizing entirely. Just leave a positive comment that explains enough why you agree with them, and just tip. Bursting into all the glories of Bitcoin when it has not been called for will do more harm than good. If they ask then of course engage away, but I think the key is to leave them in control and not be too zealous.
@_date: 2014-04-19 12:17:59
politicians support those that support them. if politicians realize that fighting bitcoin turns voters against them, and supporting it turns voters towards them, you will have more politicians supporting bitcoin, because of course politicians dont have any of their own opinions, they have whatever opinion will get them reelected. its getting people like this into power that will make sure bitcoin doesnt get banned like the nonsense going on in china
@_date: 2014-05-16 12:32:28
Thanks. these few tips pushed me enough to finally get around to getting a doge wallet at least, though the doge tip bot is weird i have to say. will probably download a couple other altcoin wallets and give arbitrage and forex a crack in the coming weeks for a bit of fun, set some money on fire and whatnot
@_date: 2014-05-05 16:39:08
crypto currency is EXTREMELY new. it is easy to forget because we live in a bit of an ecochamber, surrounding ourselves with news about bitcoin, but most people havent even heard about it yet, and of the few that have heard the name, most dont have the first clue what it actually is. its a given that it hasnt been incorporated into a large number of sites when we are still by all accounts in the infancy of the technology
@_date: 2014-03-29 09:42:46
firefighters are only volunteers in certain areas. good luck having a volunteer save you from your 40th floor building with all that no expensive equipment they have. hell, they would die of smoke inhalation because they dont have their bloody state funded oxygen tank...... furthermore, proper fireserve are dont just deal with fires. they also deal with chemical spills. good luck having your untrained volunteers deal with that.....
"I've had my bike stolen and I've been mugged. I didn't call the police either time." good for you. and if you get shot in the lung, you can also choose to not go to the hospital. me, i would prefer to live. and again, when i got robbed, i called the police. and i got my stuff back. i am poor. without socialized police, i would not have been able to do that
@_date: 2014-03-29 09:39:21
"i am pessimistic so lets just never do anything" this is why old people consistently have vastly more power than they have any right to. old people vote, and they are bloody loud about it. young people complain, and then as loudly as possible tell the world they will never do anything about it. in a political system built around the voters, you just renounced your very existence. why in the HELL would a politician do something for you, someone who openly, flagrantly espouses that they will never bother to do anything when doing so could lose them support with ACTUAL active members of society? you literally dont exist to politicians, and it is by your own choice. you simply cant argue that you cant fight for change in government because you bloody well can. just look at all the shit young people are opposed to but old people support, and see how much MASSIVE support politicians are throwing at it, and how desperately they are trying to stall things, despite the polls being overwhelmingly against them. why? because it doesnt matter what "most people" think, it matters what "most voters" think, and those are two ENTIRELY different sets of statistics
@_date: 2014-05-16 10:23:05
ah, yeah, that could get confusing. i was thinking of making a custom moniker for "tip" as well for 1 milibit, though it might get confusing. i am still undecided whether i want to write a moniker or just use ubit or a long number of bits or whathaveyou. need to give it a bit more thought i suppose. also, thanks for the tips! ill be sure to pass the good will on to try and get more people into bitcoin
@_date: 2014-05-13 13:08:14
unfortunately, bitcoin takes hours of study to use. people are scared away by stories of people losing millions because "they didnt back up their harddrive" and such, when the listener doesnt even know what that means, so whenever someone DOES come over to bitcoin, they dont do it in five minutes. i have never heard of anyone ever installing a bitcoin app and just being perfectly competent. they spend hours reading up what to do, and either grind through it and finally figure everything out, or they give up right away. SOME just jump right into bitcoin without doing their reading, and those are the ones that dont know how to protect their private keys and the ilk that you would then happily shout at for being an idiot and not researching bitcoin before putting money into it. this is a serious problem bitcoin currently needs to overcome to help it gain widespread adoption. there are some services that help somewhat, like electrum for example where you can recover your coins if your computer is destroyed or lost and you didnt back up your harddrive, but more needs to be done, particularly about private keys. private keys need to become idiot proof because the reality is not everyone will know how to protect them and it will continuously generate negative PR
@_date: 2014-04-27 03:45:50
In the near future, the majority of websites will most likely have a reddit style ability to send people cryptocurrency as a way of giving them a "like". Once you factor in all the different forums and social networking sites, this "internet tipping" is a massive potential market. Currently, bitcoin is being soundly beaten into the ground by dogecoin on this front, far and away the most popular internet tipping currency. I think if bitcoin can be first to take to this to sites other than reddit in a big way, it will be a big boon. alternatively, if it is a different currency, they could gain a large amount of market share
@_date: 2014-05-14 06:03:59
of course it is better to use a wallet that stores the coins on your own pc, if you know how to back up your harddrive. but for the technologically illiterate there needs to be an alternative. remember that right now we are basically asking people to switch from banks to bitcoin. while this has many benefits that everyone here is aware of, it also has many security risks. "be your own bank" means you take full responsibility for yourself, exposing yourself to serious risk. for the technologically literate who know how to install no script, armory, store the bulk of their wealth in cold storage and everything else you have to do, thats great. but what about my mother? she literally broke a dvd player trying to just put a dvd in it... her, and many other technologically illiterate people cant deal with the full responsibilities involved with being your own bank entirely. they need services that allow you to recover your coin if your harddrive dies, services that protect your private keys for you and such, just like they need anti virus software because they dont know how to install no script and ad block and avoid running untrusted .exe files and the ilk, let alone simply knowing to recognize spam mail to avoid ransomware
@_date: 2014-05-16 12:46:49
oh, thanks again! some bitcoin in return 1000 bit private
@_date: 2014-05-15 15:09:19
writing anything down is best avoided for security reasons, though i suppose sacrifices need to be made.
i also dont know how well "write it down" will catch on, and how well it will actually work. a lot of people wouldnt write it down, a lot might find it too fiddly. 
another way to help avoid it is linking multiple devices. say, a phone, computer, ipad and such. having the same armory wallet details on both your phone and computer would be fantastic. blockchain.info is good for that right now, though that also has the issue of storing your bitcoin with a third party.
@_date: 2014-04-27 03:55:48
fees arnt optional if you want your transaction to be processed, and no, it doesnt help you avoid tax. it just breaks the incredibly stupid, arcane tax method used in america and the UK and such. the NZ tax model for income tax still works just fine (though potentially tracking contractors could be more difficult, though following a contractors tax records is already a pain)