@_author: saintpetejackboy
@_date: 2018-01-30 16:43:04
Fascist government. They used an old law called the controlled substances analogues enforcement act, and read it in the disjunctive for the three prongs rather than the original conjuncted format. My primary argument was: if this chemical was already schedule I under the CSAEA, then why emergency schedule I
@_date: 2018-01-24 08:40:31
I am well aware of who Satoshi Nakamoto is, and if you are too, then it makes this credit all that much stranger, figuring as nobody ever actually invited her...
@_date: 2019-07-07 16:25:53
Oh, he had to pay up billions. Satoshi Nakamoto was an accomplished UFC fighter and was recorded live on YouTube sucker punching this guy after court. What a crazy celeb.
@_date: 2017-12-20 03:47:53
This is going to be an unpopular opinion... and it might take a while, but over time, what do you think the effect will be of a coin being listed on COINBASE? I know, BCH is a scam and a shitcoin, for sure, but being listed on Coinbase is going to drive the price up, slowly.
Right now, we're seeing a correction because of that GDAX/Coinbase $8k error spike, and we're going to see it likely head south further as two things happen:
1.) BCH is now more diluted, there are plenty of people who were holding BTC on Coinbase before the fork, increasing the supply considerably
2.) BCH is being dumped by many who have just now come into possession of it.
Right now, BCH seems fairly stable over $3k, but who knows. The next 24-48 hours should be very telling.
Personally, for you to gain 10% HODL your BTC will be more difficult than HODL your LTC or ETH, which will be easier to gain 10% on than BCH (when the coins are worth more, they must considerably increase in value for you to make the same returns).
That said, I think the fact that this coin is now listed on Coinbase, should be a good indicator that it will (temporarily) increase in value once all of the dumping is done.
@_date: 2017-08-08 12:59:42
This would be a good an accurate way to make an estimation.
@_date: 2017-08-10 05:26:45
I've been to federal prison. You can so "oh take it to trial" all you want, but the feds are really good at winning cases. They'll make you look like the worst person in the world and go indict everybody you know until they find somebody willing to work a deal and say what they tell them to convict you at trial.
Guys go to trial all the time, mostly innocent, and when they get there, their wife, their aunt, their sister, their girlfriend, their best friend(s), etc. get up on the stand and point the finger at them.
That is how the feds work. I know a guy serving a LIFE SENTENCE right now because 17 people he'd never even met before wanted some time off their sentence, sent around his picture and "jumped on his case" (the terminology for it) to show up and testify against him. The feds even briefed them on what to say before trial. They didn't even say the right shit and the man still is serving a life sentence.
The federal conviction rate is high, not just because of all the plea deals, but because federal courts specialize in prosecuting:
1.) lawyers
2.) judges
3.) wealthy
4.) affluent
It doesn't matter how smart you think you are, or how much money you have or how good your lawyer is. Or even how many people you know.
All the matters is, in federal court, it is their ball game. They play on that court EVERY DAY. You're going in there not knowing a damn thing and putting yourself at the mercy of that system. It doesn't usually end pretty.
Shit, a guy that had a case almost exactly like mine went ALL THE WAY TO THE SUPREME COURT. On the same arguments I was making (a type of *mens rea* argument). He won! But they remanded to lower court, slammed him on the rest of his charges and afaik, he is still in prison. 
Taking a plea or not in the feds is what stops them from indicting more people and hitting you with SUPERSEDING INDICTMENTS. This means they already know you did one bad thing, but they dig and they dig and they dig until they can pretend you did another bad thing.
Taking a plea in the feds means you get "acceptance of responsibility", and if you do that in a timely fashion, it can equal out to around 3 years off your sentence in some cases (or more). Going to trial, after the superseding indictments hit, etc.; you're also not going to get "bottom of the guidelines", which can easily add another year or so. You're looking at 4+ years on top of whatever you were facing to risk trial. If they're already throwing numbers at you that sound like Football game final scores, then do you really want to risk that + another 4 or whatever years?
You say you would. You say you'd take it to trial. Meanwhile, you're locked up, unable to get a bond or bail (federal system is dirty like that), and your kids, your wife, your loved ones, your whole family is out there starving because you were the bread winner. Your whole life is over at that point. They immediately seize all your assets, all your bank accounts, if you were buying houses and cars, forget it, they are finding a way to come take them. Especially if you want to play smart and fight them and go to trial.
What are the best lawyers in the feds going to tell you? What are they going to do for you? They are going to tell you to take a plea deal and proffer. As quickly as you can. The longer you fight, the worse it gets for you.
It doesn't matter if a jury does decide in your favor. It doesn't even matter if a higher court decides in your favor. It just causes the government to mutate their argument even further to prosecute the next case. They get unlimited tried to get a conviction. You get one chance to go to trial. If you win on some technicality, oh well, they move on to the next case. If you LOSE on some technicality, oh well, go spend the next 10 years in federal prison. It isn't a fair trade and it isn't a fair system.
That said, this guy seems like he was doing more than he lets on. 
When the feds come for you, they have you on *something*. They want you for SOME reason. If they can't get you on that one thing, or the reason why they showed up, they'll find some other way to get you. The best thing to do is stay the fuck off their radar. Don't do anything even somewhat shady.
If you're an upstanding citizen, you shouldn't have anything to worry about. If you've been playing games on your taxes or playing games with your income and getting income from places you maybe shouldn't have, all of that shit will come back and bite you in the ass. If you're running a business where people feel like they were ripped off by you (as I think is the case with this guy), that is all they need!
All they need is for YOU to show up in court as the "criminal defendant", and some other individual to walk in off the street as a regular citizen and give some sob story or point the finger at you and it is over. 
Those prosecutors will eat your dumb ass alive if you go in there. They are 50, 60, 70, 80 years old. They've been doing this shit since before you were born. They've seen a thousand guys just like you come and go. That lawyer you paid $100,000 for (they start around $50,000 in the feds, because they must stay on your whole case through appeals and everything), well, he plays golf with the judge on the weekends, he tells you that, but he doesn't tell you he just went to the prosecutor's daughter's wedding. The system is rigged. These people are colleagues. If it was all a game of wit and skill, we'd all take everything to trial. It isn't. Your intelligence doesn't mean a damn thing in federal court. 
Personally, I spent many years in federal prison. I was indicted for importing a chemical from China TEN DAYS BEFORE it became Schedule I. All the arguments in the world still couldn't save me. At the end of the day, they went and tried to arrest my girlfriend and two other female friends of mine and already had my best friend cooperating against me. I signed a plea to get them all let go and to end the nightmare.
Unlike the guy who took it to trial and went all the way to the Supreme Court (and WON), I'm on the streets. He is still in prison.
So take it to trial if you want to. As the people say in federal prison "play with them crackas if you want to..." -you're going to lose. There is a miracle 1 Satoshi chance you might beat them in court, but it doesn't mean anything.
Another thing in my case, how they got the original evidence against me? They opened a locked trunk and then opened a locked safe inside that trunk (from a vehicle that was parked correctly in a private parking lot that they had no reason to tow and inventory). We fought that and WON a motion to suppress! Then the government appealed and the district court overturned it. 
YOU HAVE NO RIGHTS IN FEDERAL COURT. Fourth Amendment? Forget it. Nothing you think means anything matters in federal court. What you think is reality is not what "reality" actually is.
You can talk that tough talk now, but just wait until they are talking about how they could give you so much time that you wont be out until your grand kids are in college and see how you're talking then. 
Best thing to do: stay out of trouble, be an upstanding citizen, don't do bad business, don't skirt the law and stay off their radar.
@_date: 2017-08-18 02:27:18
Just fyi, I'm shorting Nathancoin already on Kraken. Coinbase said they will support BCH in January 2018, S2X in January 2020 and Nathancoin in 2025 (at the earliest), but don't worry, they will HODL your coins for you. Kraken and Gemini already support shorting Nathancoin though.
@_date: 2017-08-04 05:51:30
I was joking mate, lol. :) &lt;3
@_date: 2017-08-08 11:18:25
It would still be hard to consider them "lost" though, because for all we know, these people have friends or family who may be able to access them, or will have a nice nest egg for whenever they are released from prison. I'm sure the recent ATHs have had a few people sitting in prison smiling at the news, knowing the hundreds or thousands of Bitcoins they hoarded before they were prosecuted are silently gaining value somewhere.
@_date: 2017-08-07 12:14:19
The opposite or normal is ABnormal, which would be an insult. I'm fine with the expression. I know some people use "normie" in a slanderous manner, but I don't think that is the entire context of the word or accounts for EVERY usage.
Besides, if we start bickering among ourselves about what words we us to identify outsiders, the normies might storm our subreddit and infect us all with malware that forces us to mine their Bitcoin forks, spoons and knives.
The success of bitcoin is tied to "normies" adopting it. If they can join the community and feel special and smarter than other "normies", then that is an incentive for them, is it not? Creating a bond and comradery between us, a type of "clique", if you will, will make other people want to join. Once all the normies adopt Bitcoin, everybody will be sour like "yeah, I bought into to BTC when it was only at $10,000, you only use it now because you have to. I remember back when BTC was still underground and only played gigs at dive bars."
Ask the people that were into punk or grunge or emo or dubstep, etc. in the early days how their "exclusive" group ended up working out for them. Once the mainstream caught wind of it and bought their flannel shirts and spiked hair styles, it marked the end of an era. Making it difficult for outsiders to relate to a group is part of what makes a group a group, but will also eventually be the downfall of that group, when people all want to be part of the exclusive group.
Listen, the club holds 1000 people. VIP only fits 100 people. Everybody wants to be in VIP. The truth is, there isn't enough room. By the time all the normies have adopted Bitcoin, everybody else will have moved on to the next thing, the early adopters.
There is a great book by Malcolm Gladwell, I forget which one, so you'll just have to read them all, but in it he discusses Mavens (the book is called Tipping Point), Connectors and Salepeople, these are archetypes and you can't run from them. Most people who have been here for years fit the Maven archetype. You've now attracted the Connectors (people like me) and the Sales People. There is no turning back. Before long, everybody will be spinning glowsticks.
@_date: 2017-08-04 16:37:57
You have to get WOKE fam. I think it is an app on android, I don't know.
@_date: 2017-08-08 11:15:29
I still do though, also wonder about the instances where people may be sitting in state or federal prisons who had large caches of Bitcoins on the street they are no longer technically able to access, or fear accessing because of how the federal government can seize funds. Some people who were indicted, say during the Silkroad stuff, may be secretly sitting on many Bitcoins, having been smart and not said anything about them or revealed their presence during the proceedings against them.
@_date: 2017-08-08 12:04:21
Indeed, we may never know all the ACTUAL lost bitcoins, but we could make an estimate...
@_date: 2017-08-04 00:50:22
You have been a Redditor for 0 hours. Should I send you my SSN, CC phone number, address, mother's maiden name and all the private keys to my cryptos?
Too late. Check your private messages.
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:03:37
It does effect the value, different than the HODL, in a way.
Remove the big numbers. If there are 21 Picasso paintings in the entire world valued at millions and then 1 or 2 of them were destroyed, wouldn't the rest increase in value, since they are now more scarce? We're talking about items who have a value driven by their rarity here.
We could argue the other paintings are owned by museums or collectors and will not be up for sale, so they are "lost", but it is different than when one is destroyed in a fire or something.
Imagine the reverse also. Many years down the line, if all 21 million BTC are accounted for an in circulation, and suddenly 1 million more are released, wouldn't the price decrease for the now 22 million BTC? It is a type of inflation, if I am not mistaken. 
So imagine all those many years down the road, that instead of adding 1 million BTC, somebody does a count and realizes there are only really 20 million BTC in circulation. It might not INCREASE the price as much as the price would DECREASE is 1 million more were introduced, but it would certainly change the value.
@_date: 2017-08-08 11:14:02
That is useful information to know, trying to figure out exactly how many that had seized would have been a burden.
@_date: 2017-08-29 06:30:21
Please take all my upvotes.
@_date: 2017-08-07 17:16:45
So you agree then. Let's go get those normies! Together!
@_date: 2017-08-08 14:37:25
This is one of the best and most informative comments on all of reddits. Do you feel it is worthless then to try and track how many bitcoins are lost? I am interested to know your opinion. Even as a semi useless exercise, I feel it might be interesting just to know, but ytou make a valid point... any influence it may havr on the market rests on the data potentially becoming public. 
@_date: 2017-08-10 05:38:35
Everybody else in this thread is too alarmist. If you actually read the case, you'd know that this person wasn't just in trouble for Bitcoin. Shesh. I posted a wall of text earlier, I spent many years in federal prison my own self. Even before I read this, I posted that, and speculated that this wasn't just over Bitcoin. Glad to see somebody did the actual research.
I was a vendor for research chemicals as well and went to federal prison over importing a chemical from China that wasn't Schedule I until ten days AFTER I was indicted for importing it by a grand jury. 
I know how their system works, for better or worse, and they aren't going to come after you for fucking Bitcoins. It is pretty hard to get on their radar in the first place. That said, this guy was also selling research chemicals.
There are subreddits here where I post all the time where people try and source these chemicals and openly sell them on the regular "clear net" internet. I tell them all the time the shit they are doing is illegal and they are going to go to federal prison.
What do I get? Downvotes. Idiots arguing the same shit that the government has already proven they can beat in trial. The main law they use to prosecute people came out in 1986, called the CSAEA. There is no good defense to it. A couple people have got some play in court over the years, mostly in the early 1990s. Not recently. Not even close.
People cite a case from 1992 and ignore the two dozen + cases which are public from this year alone (and God knows how many sealed or private), that prove their argument is no longer valid.
They just will not listen. They want to live in a fantasy bubble of reality where what they think is the truth is the truth, and if you come along with some conflicting information? Down vote. 
So thanks for clearing this up. I hope these other guys will stop worrying they are going to go to federal prison over Bitcoin, lol.
@_date: 2019-12-08 22:37:51
Where is Henry Romp, founder of Church of Bitcoin??? Somebody summon him.
@_date: 2017-09-18 09:03:26
This brings me back to an interesting concept. Do you know what "Hawala" is? I don't see a way to crack down on it, they tried, certainly, especially after 9/11, but Hawala is a system that is over a thousand years old. Perhaps small chinks could be put in the armor of a system like Hawala, but really Hawala was maybe more akin to "Trust Coin". As a concept, it will never actually vanish and when looking at a system like Bitcoin (although they are vastly different, one can store and increase value, while the other (Hawala) can only do so through strange and usually unintentional mechanisms, like fiat arbitrage), one might be able to see how they actually do have a lot in common:
* You pay a small fee for the transaction
* The transactions are based on trust (either in the faith or the block chain)
* The systems both circumvent and/or disrupt "traditional" services (although, one could argue that the "tradition" or Hawala is much older than most "traditional" banking and contract systems we use today).
@_date: 2018-02-03 19:38:05
I think they are trying to crush Bitcoin and cryptos in general (the banks). The problem is, this will likely have the OPPOSITE effect. They are inadvertently going to cause a type of "scarcity" (I'm unsure if that is the right word). People not being able to purchase Bitcoin when they'd like to and how they'd like to (with their credit cards) might be detrimental to the technology in some aspects because it causes an inconvenience, but it will also then add another type of intrinsic value to Bitcoin in general... if I give you a banana for free, what is it worth? If you have to run a mile before I give it to you, then it is worth a mile.
Intelligent people will always be able to circumvent the system. I doubt most SMART people are actually using credit to buy cryptos. 
Oh no, everybody! The banks are forcing you to be responsible so they don't lose money when you default on debts you should have never accrued in the first place... DOH!
At the end of the day, it is still a slime move by the banks, but it will then also, in my personal opinion, cause the price of Bitcoin to increase further.
They say Bitcoin "isn't backed by anything" and has "no value". Well, think of it like this... Bitcoin people purchased with money they never even had (credit) and then defaulted on or disputed, truly was "worthless". One "worthless" currency being purchased by another "worthless" currency, neither of which ever even really existed to begin with. 
Now, we can all rest assured there is no "credit" backing up or inflating the value of Bitcoin. :)
@_date: 2017-09-18 08:49:58
I think you are woefully unaware of how linked the two economies really are. Sure, somebody could step in to fill the gap, but the people of India do not want to go through what China did in the 80s, 90s, etc.; to get to where China is today, they are worlds apart.
If the United States were to cease doing business with China, trust me, the United States would have a much harder time trying to cope and adjust. Perhaps you really are unaware how many things you currently have, in the same room as you, that were produced in China. I'd say if you removed all Chinese items from every store, house, car, etc. in the United States, you'd literally be left with almost nothing.
I don't have to try and explain to you what all we import from China, because it is essentially EVERYTHING. What might be more useful is to go over what exactly the Chinese import from the United States and why the trade deficit is so large: Soybeans, semiconductors, aircraft parts/equipment, industrial machinery and plastic (in that order, although there are more, they literally buy around 11 billion worth of soybeans from us, while only buying 6.5 billion worth of semiconductors). Here is the problem, as Forbes so helpfully points out: 


You can see the problem here. They are taking the things they buy from us, for the most part, and using them to sell us even more things than they purchased. If we stopped selling them soybeans, they'd change their diet and get them elsewhere. If we stopped selling them nearly anything they buy from us, they have economic and even political partners in their immediate geographic area that can step in to fill the gap. In the reverse, nobody is rushing to become China. Only one other country (India) has the number of people where it would even be conceivable that they could do such a thing, but those are two different economies, two different political systems, two different cultures, etc.; India is trying to be, tomorrow, what China will be in 5 years. Not what China was 20 years ago.
Your logic is incredibly flawed and shows only a basic understanding of geopolitical knowledge while simultaneously elucidating that you have absolutely zero knowledge of global economics. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 22:46:27
I love you all.
@_date: 2017-07-25 13:21:54
This is NOT a coincidence. First off, Justin's manager is Scooter Braun. This is what he wrote 6 hours ago after the tour cancellation:


So it looks like the market is just changing over to a new crypto and everybody knows it, so they're dumping BTC in favor of JBC?