@_author: sakanasanchez
@_date: 2019-07-03 18:05:32
That country is now fucked.  If it tries to borrow in Bitcoin, it’s constantly appreciating value means the real burden of its debt increases in addition to whatever interest rate they are paying to borrow it.  It would be one thing if the value of bitcoin was stable, but it is ridiculously volatile in relation to the next largest currency.   
No country has an incentive to adopt bitcoin because they give up the ability to dictate monetary policy.  Bitcoin has value because it’s an extra-governmental currency, so it’s great for making transactions where you don’t want to deal with banks or governments seizing your assets.  It is hot garbage for trying to manage your economy.  
On the other hand, if some government was actively hoarding Bitcoin, that would be a significant step since they would still maintain their power for expansionary/contractionary monetary policy while reaping the benefits of bitcoins deflationary nature.
@_date: 2017-12-14 18:55:00
It makes the coin a bit more deflationary than it already is.  The thing is we can see every transaction and know how much is sitting on every address that has ever been involved in a transaction, but that doesn't tell us whether that key is accessible in cases where an address has had no activity for 5 years. 
As for it dying out, assuming people don't give their private keys to someone before they die, then yes those are basically lost forever.  Which again just drives the price up.  The future depends on community consensus though, so if for some reason the community at large decides they want more coins in circulation, or that they want to start awarding "dead" coins as mining rewards, they just fork and go from there.  
@_date: 2017-12-24 07:40:22
That's a loaded question which makes a lot of assumptions.  Anyone who actually supports Bitcoin by doing anything more than just owning some private keys has an interest in seeing the price rise.  The issue is there are a bunch of people working on better solutions and bitcoin core is in danger of falling by the wayside because better coins come along with better marketing teams.  I see a few scenarios playing out:  1.  the community at large gets their shit together and what we currently consider Bitcoin starts actually addressing problems, 2.  Bcash/Ether/Litecoin take over as the dominant coin everyone trades against and forms a neutral world wide currency, or 3.  Crypto falls by the way side in most cases except for the anonymous coins which get funneled in to being crime currencies because countries legislate all the standard anti-money laundering regulations we have with traditional cash so doing something like exchanging Monero for cash can land you in jail.  
I mean at the end of the day, bitcoin is a public ledger with pre-programmed monetary policy designed by some folks who really didn't understand interest rates and printing/destroying money beyond "inflation bad, bitcoin smash!  Bitcoin most deflationary currency there is!"
@_date: 2017-12-24 19:34:05
High transaction fees are a symptom of some root design issues, namely that blocks are so small and designed to only be solved once every ten minutes that traffic invariably backs up after a certain point.  It's gotten so bad that miners have a ridiculous amount of control over what gets changed, and they are more than happy to orphan addresses with fewer bitcoin in them than it costs to transfer out because that just means more coins go out of circulation.  
The issue in the monetary side of things is that the stuff is designed to be deflationary, which hinders its use as a currency because it will practically always be worth more just holding the stuff than actually spending it on things, so people hold and hold until they realize they're not actually spending it on things until someone dumps a bunch and a bunch of people panic sell because the end is here everyone realized you don' actually spend bitcoin on anything, or there is something with even higher gains out there. 
There is also the issue of decentralization, which is good in that no one individual can mess with the ledger without everyone's consent, but also bad in that major shortcomings or malfunctions will go unaddressed unless they effect a majority of users.  It ends up being a conflict between centralization versus development paralysis.  
There's also the very real issue of power usage and hash power, because for some reason solving math problems was determined to be the best course of determining who gets to decide the next block, which means whoever can get the cheapest power has an advantage, again centralizing control with miners with low power prices instead of fostering decentralized nodes that anyone can run.  
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:17:28
We've been in bubble territory since we saw scam ICOs left and right.  The question is how much further this stuff can run, which is potentially forever.  I mean Bitcoin is by its nature deflationary, which provides an interesting dynamic compared to normal fiat.  I can work in the standard economy, where my wages and expenses rise with inflation, and which I WANT to rise by inflation as a matter of reducing debt burdens and making investments an ideal place to park my money.  Being able to hold Bitcoin under my proverbial mattress at the same time allows me to basically work with the best of both worlds as a deflationary store of value.  It has the added benefit of being mostly borderless, which means this is a world wide phenomenon versus your standard nation-state running their currency according to political populism.  
Or this stuff could all crash tomorrow and the world keeps turning.  Either/or.
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:26:40
You have to determine your flavor of risk here.  Are you more worried about an exchange getting hacked/going under, or losing your private key/having it stolen?
@_date: 2017-12-27 19:18:20
So worried about cyber attacks, funding terrorism, Visa, and how this would impact banks.  
Cyber attacks are a genuine issue, but only from a "if someone gets your private keys they have your money" stand point.  
The central bank really shouldn't be worried about whether their printing money enables terrorism, because they will trade in whatever is convenient.  
Visa can either get its shit together or fall by the wayside, as is customary of corporate provided services.  
Finally, nothing stops banks from allowing deposits and lending the same as they ever have.  
The issue at hand is mostly one of whether it's cheaper to run a block chain than it is to manage the current printing press/federal funds rate system.  
Truthfully, the technology aspects are secondary to the globalized movement of removing the power of monetary policy from governments and functioning as a decentralized global human interest.  In other words, a whole lot of people are tired of governments eroding their savings and wages to reduce debt burdens.
@_date: 2017-12-19 20:42:07
Usually Krugman is smarter than this, but the last interview I saw where he was taking about this he said "no one knows what it is", which is kind of an indicator you should withhold judgement and figure out what's going on.  The value in this stuff is that it facilitates transactions outside of a heavily regulated and restrictive framework, and it does so on a global level without central authorities messing it up.  That can be both a good and bad thing, depending on what exactly happens.  
At the very least, he can usually recognize when he's made a bad call, and to be fair, being a talking head means he has to say something beyond "I don't know".  I was kind of hoping he'd do an analysis on what happens regarding interest rates and savings when you have easy access to 2 currencies with a significantly different levels of inflation, or cover the more technical aspects of this, like that exchanges have basically built in capital controls so it's not particularly easy for everyone to just convert back to dollars and walk away overnight, or all the Tether shenanigans and the fact those guys have basically figured out how to print pseudo-dollars.
On the other hand, we can see aspects of a bubble forming with things like crypto-backed lending starting up, which presents an opportunity for all sorts of leveraged shenanigans and poor underwriting practices to inflate the price and then pop.  
@_date: 2017-12-27 19:48:53
To be fair, most of the blockchain research is being done by third parties.  The fed wouldn't be particularly interested until some serious economists and accounting gurus look at the stuff, where as up until last year, it was all about bucking the man.  They've got other things to be doing than addressing every crackpot who says "I solved money".  The thing is people need to separate blockchain technology from the international nation-free currency Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:23:42
Do the 3-steps involve selling a plan on how to become a crypto millionaire?  Because otherwise 1. Buy 2. Hold 3. Sell seems pretty intuitive outside of figuring out at just what rate you extract your gains and how much you leave to grow.  
@_date: 2017-12-14 15:05:15
If the private key is lost, they're basically gone forever unless the large bitcoin collider manages to re-generate the private key.
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:18:01
That's more or less my attitude, depending on the exchange.  I see it as a weakness in the blockchain environment.  If something weird happens with my bank account, the fraud department gives me a call and it starts clawing my money back.  Someone snags your private key and takes your bit-money, the only way you're getting it back is with a fork.  
But the other side to that is exchanges are major targets, with the security of private keys being a matter of their own corporate security.  It's totally possible a team of North Koreans pulls a Mission Impossible heist and cleans out some poor exchange, and then everything crashes as a combination of bank rushes and exchanges shuttering themselves to figure out if they are secure leads to a liquidity crisis which the various governments in the world have little interest in, or ability to, stop the bleeding.  
@_date: 2017-12-27 19:38:55
People have always been really great at this money thing.  Bitcoin is revolutionary in that its basically a self driven method of printing money not beholden to any one group or political body, which is positive in that special interests in a position to influence policy in their favor have to focus on public opinion and consensus rather than taking a few people out to dinner and greasing some palms, but bad in that the system was designed with a very simple concept of how monetary policy should function.  
Most of the blockchain research is focused on different technological aspects of the stuff, but I haven't seen an altcoin that said "we want to get monetary policy right."
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:25:43
If Coinbase got hacked, believe me, you'd rather have the dollars.  Well depending on a few things like when the payout is and how long the fire sale prices lasted.  
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:40:11
Hmm, mostly your standard "it's a bubble" hit piece, but a good point is made about people going in to debt to buy this stuff.  That could have very real ramifications if stuff crashes and holding doesn't pay the second mortgage you took out to buy Bitcoin.  
Not any different from some idiots going in to debt to buy any other security I suppose.  I guess the trigger that would get me worried is all this risk pouring in to the old financial system, leading to the same old "debts being classified incorrectly leads to banks buying bad debt labeled as safe debt".  Bunch of people lose their houses, property values take a dump, and the dumbasses who went in to debt declare bankruptcy.  Interestingly, you can't really seize their Bitcoin though, so they may just have to hodl...
@_date: 2017-12-25 08:38:56
Except that doesn't apply to bitcoin any more than it does to physical dollars.  You just create a system of debits and credits like what we have with fiat where it's understood that everything is merely denominated in bitcoin and no actual changes in bitcoin addresses actually take place until 2 institutions have to square their books.  
Go read up on money supply.  The fact Bitcoin functions as a perfectly transparent M1 doesn't preclude it from generating additional money via M2.   Your statement is basically "if you don't have the physical note, you don't have the dollar."  
Bitcoin functions as a perfect ledger in that regard, as we can lose physical notes and coins and have no idea where the went.  We'll always know what Bitcoin has been deposited to what addresses, even if no one knows the private key to access them.  Right now Bitcoin functions as the libertarian dream everyone thinks it is because banking institutions haven't really gotten in to the whole thing beyond exchanges, and exchanges have already started working on the debit/credit system via allowing for shorts.
That's probably going to change at some point because quite honestly, private keys are less secure than the trustful system banks use.  The only resolution to a stolen private key that transfers out money is a fork, where as banks passing IOUs back and forth can reverse unauthorized transactions.  
This isn't a FUD against Bitcoin, mind you.  Bitcoin brings a lot to the table as far as circumventing traditional money channels and allowing for better money management options to the unbanked in a way that isn't controlled by any one government and operates independent of borders or any one country's laws.  It just doesn't invalidate the traditional banking system like people think it does.  
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:57:09
Yes, satoshi's concept of monetary policy is worthy of being called "crack pot" if you think it will replace money.  A money supply inherently limited to encourage deflation and a shrinking supply via lost keys means it's always better to hold your money than to spend it.  Makes for fun digital gold, but not very good spending money after so long.  
You really need something more dynamic where you can create or destroy coins based on user base size and usage rates, where mass adaptation doesn't drive the value of the coin up, or coins that were inactive don't suddenly get dumped and drive the value down.  
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:35:54
Dude cites Dunning-Krueger (you all don't know you're idiots for holding Bitcoin) and then makes a "no true Scotsman" argument.  Opinion discarded.
@_date: 2017-12-19 11:47:28
Bitcoin is an intentionally deflationary currency that lets you have your cake and eat it too.  You can denominate your debt in fiat and then watch your purchasing power skyrocket and your debt burden shrink because you're saving in Bitcoin.  The intentionally deflationary aspect only works because it has something inflationary to trade against.  If Bitcoin were the only currency, it would fundamentally fail just like gold did because there isn't enough (and the transaction fees are too high) to use it as a medium of exchange.  Even now this stuff is basically just nerd gold that is on its way out the door as far as use cases go because it's become such a pain in the ass to actually move around.  
It seems hypocritical to rail against the "evils" of central banking when they are exactly the thing that make Bitcoin so profitable.  
@_date: 2017-12-24 07:49:10
Meh.  The dude forked bitcoin and is attempting to co-opt the brand while actually upgrading it.  You would think he wouldn't succeed because this sort of move requires consensus to work, but here we are, having people legitimately consider the advantages of one over the other because the core developers and exchanges can't agree on anything.  Roger Ver may be an ass, but he's an ass who can take action, which is sometimes all it takes to succeed. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:13:00
Well we're seeing adoption drop since the fees are getting so out of hand,  and the volatility means accepting it as payment means you either value the stuff (dark net denizens) or you have to take an extra step to convert it back fiat.  
Adoption is going to rely on secure wallets becoming readily available, installation of readers/address generators for day to day merchants, stabilized prices and minimal transfer fees, and easy conversion to fiat to pay taxes.  Alternatively, if people just started doing default accounting in bitcoin, that would go a long way so there was no more "what is the price of this converted to bitcoin" and everything was more along the lines of 1 mBTC/bit/x satoshis will get you one gallon of milk.  
I'm leaning more towards someone else figuring the right balance of everything before consensus does for Bitcoin, but we'll just have to see what the future holds.
@_date: 2017-12-25 03:13:50
It would actually be very easy to create more Bitcoin.  Just fractional reserve the stuff like banks do with dollars and tell people they own Bitcoin while only holding enough to balance withdrawals and deposits.  Or sell Bitcoin credits with the understanding that you can't withdraw them.  How legal is that come to think of it?  I mean hell you sell Bitcoin credits and you don't have to worry about the exchange getting hacked and having the private keys stolen, just the solvency of the backing institution being able to buy back the credits.  
@_date: 2019-06-14 16:25:13
How was that determined?  Feels like that’s remarkably Eurocentric and projects the concept of a world reserve currency a bit further back than it makes sense to have one.
@_date: 2017-11-21 20:18:24
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:28:46
Loving Every Laugh
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:07:55
Coinbase is the company selling you bitcoin at whatever price you'll pay.  GDAX is someone else selling you bitcoin while the company takes their commission.  
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:13:19
Well he's not wrong.  There are a bunch of risks associated with this stuff that have less to do with the technology involved and everything to do with the emergence of a new rapidly growing asset class that banks are starting to take potentially dangerous positions in.  
Crypto replacing fiat is a non-issue because that's just tech replacing tech.  JP Morgan becoming insolvent because they figured out how to take a 100x leveraged position on some cryptocoin is kind of a big deal, and the problem is the same one you see with any emerging technology:  legislatures move so slowly that properly regulating things is practically impossible until the economy is on the verge of collapse.  
I mean we've got a few more years of the gravy train as money floods in and adoption becomes more and more wide spread, but at some point it's entirely possible we see a major economic event.  Heck, just the act of a flippening where some crypto or other becomes the currency of the land means everyone who is holding cash suddenly has nothing and you have some people with ridiculous amounts of the new stuff but has no experience in practical wealth management.  
@_date: 2017-11-21 19:38:39
It will open up a lot of money for exposure to bitcoin, but it's still a commodities future, so it will depend on how they're determining the price as far as execution of the contract and whether they call for actual delivery or a cash payment on the difference in price.  It would be a good way to lose a lot of money if you're selling naked contracts.  Otherwise, you want to be covered and every time you sell a contract for 5 BTC you make sure you have 5 BTC on hand to cover it and look to just collecting money off the premium.  I mean worst case the price becomes a bit more stable and less prone to huge swings, best case all those institutional investors looking to hop on drive the price even higher.  
The only thing that will drive bitcoin down is people no longer wanting to hold it and people trying to liquidate it while they can, which is a distinct possibility if government starts passing laws on fiat gates and make it more difficult to actually cash out, although unlikely at this point.  Well, it will more likely be a dogpile reaction the next time the value plunges 40% and the deep pockets bug their congressmen friends about how hard the got screwed.  That's probably a ways off though.  For now, it's the investment vehicle that is actual easy to get in to and pays off better than local stocks and bonds and the like.  
@_date: 2017-11-21 19:47:01
Which is to be expected when a fund's whole deal is "buy bitcoin" and "pocket 5% of the pie every year", depending on what their actual management fee is.  
@_date: 2017-11-21 14:52:31
I like it.  1 bitcoin is a million bits.  1 bit is 100 satoshis.  1 bitcoin is 100 million satoshis.  1 bit is .82 cents.  Nice round numbers to work with.
@_date: 2017-07-10 21:21:38
Because that's what I'd like to see.  Otherwise it's all a matter of whether the transition is uneventful or things blow up and we have a good old fashioned throw down.  Even with a blockchain split, I imagine the worst that would happen is one chain ends up with 90% of the capitalization.