@_author: sakarphone
@_date: 2017-11-12 20:13:03
It's all good. I hope I didn't offend or bother you. I have done much worse for much less, but I hope, I pray, I have learned my lesson. Only time will tell.
All the best.
@_date: 2017-11-12 19:13:20
I am stuck on the confirm page, though. I have NP waiting hours for transaction...I am stuck in such a place where I can just cancel the transaction, and have done so three times now to resend, and now my account is frozen.
Is bitcoin.com as bad as people say? Some people say it's just political BS and they're as safe as any other site.
Again, any help (especially now that my account is frozen till Monday or whatever) would be greatly appreciated.
And again, I am used to waiting hours upon hours for conformations, but I am talking about something completely different. I'm talking about the transaction simply getting hung up in confirm stage (like the window has a spinning circle like it's trying to load, but never does).
Tried three different browsers, and the third time froze my account.
Seriously, can anyone just suggest a different, safe BTC place to buy and transfer some coins? 
@_date: 2017-11-12 19:05:03
Thanks to the "real replies."  I don't mean to be offensive to you Large Snorlax, but I am not investing in bitcoin. Regardless, though, if you bothered to read my post, I am a man asking for help. I said, IN CAPS (on purpose), THAT IF I HAD THE TIME I WOULD DO THE RESEARCH MYSELF, BUT I SIMPLY DON'T HAVE THE TIME RIGHT NOW, NEED TO MAKE TRANSACTION AND LEAVE HOUSE ASAP, AND WAS HOPING...
...that maybe some people could help another human being out and just tell me if there was a current, trustworthy place to buy BTC that was somewhat fast/legit like the olden days.
I get transactions get held up with conformations, but I am not talking conformations. I am talking stuck on the confirm to send page. If it were just conformations held up, I would leave the house and hope for the best.
I legit asked for help in the form of simple typed advice. It's not like I asked for money. I have been researching for well over an hour now, but before I put another grand out there, it would be nice to hear from some redditors...
BUT YOU ARE SAYING I AM WRONG IN THAT REGARD? 
I am wrong to actively be searching for a solution, and whilst doing so, make a reddit thread in hopes a fellow redditor might steer me in a way that could save me time, and prevent me from missing a family outing for a business related hiccup (that is clearly my fault, but not the end of the world)?
You're write Snorlax, I am a bad person worthy of shame, because I came to reddit and asked for advice.
Again, Snorlax, I wish you all the best and hope I have not offended you. You are a fellow human being, and if the aforementioned post is the worst of your sins, you are are a better man than me (IOW I've done much worse and am no better than you...but seriously?). 
