@_author: sakarri
@_date: 2017-12-29 04:43:31
Okay I guess I'll be the dissenter here, but as someone who is fairly technical by trade and interested in cryptocurrency in general, I'm not sure what the significance of this post is, so perhaps you can inform me.
This looks like a page discussing what kind of version numbers future versions of the Bitcoin Core application will use.  Why does a discussion about whether to use version format Year.Month.Release versus version format XX.YY.ZZ deserve more attention and what should I have taken away from having read minutiae regarding Bitcoin Core version numbers?
I would love nothing more than to see posts on here discussing actual road maps for the future especially by those deeply involved in Bitcoin's development, but I don't even know if such a road map exists.
I could be wrong, so again please point me to the right direction, but I couldn't tell you what future features I'm supposed to look forward to regarding Bitcoin.
Perhaps we need to reflect on why there are so many articles about Bitcoin's price and FUD rather than articles about what Bitcoin could look like in the future, what features it will have to protect people's anonymity or ideas being researched to scale better or second layer mechanisms to implement smart contracts like RSK, or who knows what...
Perhaps there's so much FUD and discussion about price because that's all there is available to this community to talk about and a post about what kind of version number to use in the future isn't all that particularly interesting or insightful.
@_date: 2018-05-14 00:36:02
For BTC and basically all crypto currencies, depreciation results in inflation.
Almost nothing is priced directly in BTC, and even the few things that are intrinsically priced in BTC such as transaction fees increase in price as BTC depreciates against fiat currencies.
@_date: 2018-05-03 02:30:15
A satoshi is a denomination of Bitcoin, it is not a unit of Bitcoin.
The unit of Bitcoin is Bitcoin/BTC.
@_date: 2016-01-06 13:13:29
You can not sell your shares period.
China already bans the practice of short selling, naked or otherwise.
@_date: 2016-01-06 21:35:14
The idea that humans have valued gold for 1000s of years because they foresaw that in the 1970s it would be used as an electrical conductor is really just being pedantic, if you were answering the question seriously rather than being facetious.
When people discuss gold as being a useful unit of currency, they are not referring to the very few cases where it's used as an electrical conductor anymore than people talk about using sand as a unit of currency.
Gold is used as a currency for the same reason bitcoin is which is it possesses some characteristics that make it useful as a currency.  It can be used as a medium of exchange, that is we can pass gold back and forth fairly easily when carrying out a transaction, we can use its mass as unit of account and that unit is fairly consistent, it can be used as a store of value so that possession of gold preserves ones purchasing power over an extended period of time rather than eroding, and finally it is difficult to forge or reproduce, so that possession of gold is mostly attained by producing goods and services.
As for your remark about jewelry, gold isn't valuable because of its use in jewelry.  Gold is used in jewelry because of its value.  Jewelry was historically (and still is) often used as a way to show ones class and wealth and so using gold in jewelry shows how rich one is.
@_date: 2016-03-03 22:25:35
Just FYI, 50k-100k is peanuts on a single trade for any even remotely established trading firm.  I run a trading firm and any trade less than 20-25 million dollars won't even pop up on my radar.
Now sure Bitcoin is a lot less liquid than other currencies and instruments but nevertheless the point stands that there is really nothing particularly expensive about engaging in a risky trade that could cost you 100k.  That might be a lot of money for some individual retail trader but it wouldn't even raise an eyebrow at any trading firm.
@_date: 2016-01-06 21:01:21
What is the value that gold has on its own?
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:52:47
I hope I'm doing something wrong so perhaps you can help me.  I run a business that accepts Bitcoin payments and it's just freaking expensive as hell to maintain the Bitcoin to the point that I'm seriously considering not using it much longer.
The problem is that in order to keep track and manage payments for services, I use a unique BTC address per transaction and then monitor that address to determine whether they paid me or not.  Well when you have thousands and thousands of transactions that's thousands of addresses I have to keep in my wallet.
When it comes time to actually pay my employees, or pay taxes, or pay other business expenses I have to transfer BTC from thousands of these addresses in my wallet onto an exchange and then convert to fiat.  This ends up costing me a huge amount of money in transaction fees even if I set the fee to something that would take 10 or more hours to confirm.
If there's an easier way to do it I'd be very happy to know.
@_date: 2018-06-05 23:02:44
There's nothing contradictory about that statement.
@_date: 2019-08-20 14:56:42
Cheaper than paying taxes, which as far as I know is the only reason people use these ATMs.
@_date: 2019-02-13 23:23:58
The sentence is mandatory life with no parole. The sentencing is just a formality but barring some crazy appeal this is a done deal.
@_date: 2017-11-28 18:45:18
The price of Bitcoin constantly fluctuates, going up and down on a regular basis.  When it reaches a new 'milestone' as you call it, and then it dips, people attribute special meaning to it and remember that moment more than when it just dips on some other ordinary occasion.
Before we can critically evaluate your question you would first have to justify your claim that Bitcoin genuinely behaves differently during a milestone than other points in time.  There are formal tests you can apply to validate your hypothesis, the basic idea behind these tests is, have a computer pick a random time period and then take a chart of Bitcoin over that time period.  Remove the price and time from that chart so that you simply get the shape of the chart.  Then examine that chart and predict whether or not you are able to accurately differentiate between charts that contain the phenomenon you hypothesize exists or not, that is test whether you can predict if that chart represents Bitcoin reaching a new milestone and then dipping or not.  Take the percentage of your correct guesses and normalize the results.  If your guesses outperform the normalized expectation over a large number of charts, then you have some evidence to believe your hypothesis is correct.
As someone who does this type of analysis for a living, the fact is that none of these simplistic views ever hold up to scrutiny.
Realistically the most likely scenario is that when Bitcoin reaches 10k, the price will both go down and go up and down and up, just like it always has.
@_date: 2019-01-29 03:39:09
Accountants don't actually answer these questions, tax attorneys do. Accountants follow the interpretations and guidance provided to them by tax attorneys but they are not themselves the authority on such matters, lawyers are.
Accountants are authorities and experts in various accounting standards (such as GAAP), reporting, and tax optimization but their job is not to interpret the law, that is something that they themselves will hire an attorney to do and will follow the guidance given to them.
@_date: 2019-01-29 03:34:41
Sure but you only pay taxes on the capital gain. So if you bought X BTC for 10 cents, and then used that BTC to buy 15 cents of chewing gum, you pay a capital gain tax only on the 5 cents. If you bought the X BTC for 15 cents, you pay no taxes. If you bought the X BTC for more than 15 cents then you have a capital loss and could potentially get a tax refund.
That seems perfectly sensible.
@_date: 2019-01-30 00:17:04
The overwhelming majority of tax attorneys are not accountants. Some have both designations but it's very rare. The two professions are very different from one another.
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:37:12


No change in definition was made or is needed.
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:11:45


It means that the debt is incurred to support an asset whose value appreciates faster than the debt's interest rate. The overwhelming majority of government debt is of that form.
@_date: 2018-07-12 14:00:15
Both statements are consistent with one another. Negative interest rate policies (or NIRPs) are not a factor when dealing with loans or debt. NIRP is a policy that applies to depositors, not to borrowers. You seem to have the idea that a NIRP means people get paid to borrow money, when actually NIRP means that those who deposit money must pay a rate (whereas the general expectation is that depositors get paid an interest rate).
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:47:19
I stand by both statements.
@_date: 2018-07-12 14:25:21
You are confusing two different aspects of a bond. Negative interest rate bonds do not refer to the bond's coupon rate, which is set by the issuer (for example the government) and which is always 0 or greater.
Rather, the negative interest rate is a side effect of the bond yield which is a function of the market for that bond.
In other words, sometimes a bond can have such a high demand in the open market that people are willing to pay a price to own that bond where that price ends up being greater than the money they'll collect over the life of that bond.
That's how you arrive at a negative interest rate on a bond. It's not that the government of Japan is paying people to borrow money, or issuing bonds at a negative interest rate. They issue the bond at a positive interest rate and people bid for those bonds at a price that will end up costing them more than what they will get back.
@_date: 2018-07-23 21:54:15
Being a currency is a requirement to be a form of money. If it's not a currency then it's not a form of money.
@_date: 2018-07-23 23:42:33
Gold is not money, correct.
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:24:10


No, debt incurred to acquire a depreciating asset is unhealth. For example when you use your credit card to buy a TV, it's unlikely the value you gain from that TV will compensate for the TV's depreciation along with the 15%+ interest rate.


Japan's economic woes are terribly exaggerated and unfounded. The overwhelming majority of the world's population, including even many Americans, would love to enjoy the quality of life that the Japanese have enjoyed for the past 3 decades. Japan's use of debt after its economic collapse is an excellent case study for how to invest in your own society and well being.
@_date: 2018-04-12 17:52:34
This is before he was married, in the 80s after getting fired from Apple he sold all but 1 single share of Apple, owning less of the company than Woz did.
Obviously after coming back to Apple he regained a chunk of those shares, but that's kind of my point... his ownership was a function of his influence rather than his influence being a function of his ownership.
@_date: 2018-04-09 22:21:50
First off, TA isn't better than a coin flip.
Second, being better than a coin flip is a common fallacy and is a good way to enter financial ruin because you've made the dangerous assumption of believing that financial markets are Gaussian when they are anything but Gaussian.
I run a quant trading firm and so many new comers to this industry make these incredibly naive assumptions about how to model financial markets and the idea that all you need to do is be better than a coin toss is probably the number one mistake people make I kid you not.
Think of TA as being like a coin toss where when you're right, you win 1 dollar, and when you're wrong you lose 100 dollars. I'll even rig the coin in your favor so that it comes up whatever you call for 90% of the time.
Would you like those odds? It is waaaay better than a coin toss after all so it should be good right? But if you think about it for more than 2 seconds you realize why you'll eventually go bust in the long run.
TA is simply worthless, all these low-effort ways people have to make money and cheap Youtube videos or flashy websites talking about this or that strategy are just cons designed to get you to flip the coin and you fall for it because you think that having a coin rigged in your favor is going to make you money when it's going to do anything but.
If you care about this field and actually understanding how financial markets work, ditch the cheap and tacky crap about head and shoulder patterns, or inverted Rhino pattern and all these gimmicks people write about, pick up academic text books on calculus, probability, statistical mechanics, machine learning and put in the years and years of hard work that is actually needed to understand this type of phenomenon.
But of course that's actually hard, it requires real work, patience and dedication, so instead of putting in the effort people delude themselves into thinking that a charting pattern that looks like a shooting star or an upside down hammer is clearly a predictor of tomorrow's price.
Yeah... whatever...
@_date: 2018-04-09 22:43:55
I think you need to learn to how to properly creep through someone's post history because this is just an epic fail on your part.
@_date: 2018-04-19 15:10:42
Because it's not your best performing asset at all points in time.
The next meal you eat might be your best performing asset, so exchange Bitcoin for that meal, then use the energy and productivity gain from that meal to acquire back the original Bitcoin you exchanged and then some.
Same goes for buying a car, groceries, furniture, computers, etc... Change your point of view so that all purchases you make are in a sense an investment in yourself to make you a more productive and wealthier individual and Bitcoin is the store of value to preserve that wealth.
Take the fiat you would have used to buy those things, exchange that fiat for Bitcoin using one of the various services available like BitPay Card, and then start spending your Bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-04-12 16:40:03
Woz is awesome for sure, but your analysis doesn't work out. It implies Woz's lack of influence had to do with a lack stock ownership, but at one point Steve Jobs sold all but one single share of AAPL and yet still managed to steer Apple into becoming the worlds largest company.
I don't think the influence either of those two guys had in AAPL's later years involved their stock ownership. I think their stock ownership reflected the influence those two ended up having.
@_date: 2017-07-30 00:39:25
The formula for calculating interest rates is as follows (taken here from Wikipedia 
    A = P(1 + r/n)^(nt)
    P = 1 BTC = principal
    r = 3.5% = daily interest rate
    n = 1 day = compounding frequency
    t = 365 days = duration
Therefore we have the following:
    A = 1 * (1 + 0.035 / 1) ^ (1 * 365)
       = 1.035 ^ 365
       = 283940
       = 28394000%