@_author: saluksic
@_date: 2018-06-14 21:05:29
Was there something wrong? What part of the paper did you disagree with?
(I can't tell if this is behind a paywall, as my network usually has subscriptions to these kinds of things. This paper is from SSRN, which I think I open access, but I'm not sure.)
@_date: 2018-06-14 20:29:57
Here's the article they are talking about. I didn't hear the CNBC segment, but the paper offers ironclad evidence that tether, in cooperation with 680,000 bitfinex wallets, 950,000 poloniex wallets, and 1.4 million bittrex wallets, manipulated the price of Bitcoin up starting in March 2017.
The authors show that prices were buoyed above multiples of 500 when tether was operating, and that a sell-off happened at the end of each month when tether tried to shore up their bank statements by selling. It's a very detailed and conclusive study. 
@_date: 2018-06-15 00:18:53
Thanks for the reply. Yes I did read the paper. From the abstract. 
"These patterns cannot be explained by investor demand proxies but are most consistent with the supply-based hypothesis where Tether is used to provide price support and manipulate cryptocurrency prices."
As the authors sets out rigorous analysis showing that tether manipulated prices, and tests alternate theories which end up having no support in the evidence, they use those phrases you quoted to be precise and to keep their conclusion strictly limited to what can be proven. In context, they've really nailed the coffin shut on this issue and are neglecting to be dramatic in their wording.
If you've read the paper and still aren't sure that something shady might have been happening, then you should maybe re-evaluate how objective you're choosing to be on this issue. 
Edit: some more quotes from the article:
"This phenomenon strongly suggests that the price effect is driven by Tether issuances."
"A bootstrap analysis with 10,000 simulations demonstrates that this behavior never occurs randomly."
"The Bitcoin reversal did not exist before Tether was prevalent in the market and disappears during the period when Tether stops being printed."
I mean, it's sixty pages of statistical tests and historical context. I haven't seen anything to counter their evidence, and they've refuted every alternate explanation that I've seen discussed, so I call it "ironclad".
Again, which parts did you disagree with?
@_date: 2018-06-14 21:26:52
The prices clustering around 500 intervals was only when tether was active- so it wasn't just psychological factors. They also tested the theory that tether was purchased because of demand from Bitcoin users when the price went up and found that there was no evidence for that pattern- in fact, tether was "pushed" when prices started falling in order to manipulate the price. 