@_author: sam_ve
@_date: 2018-01-05 09:46:13
they are using third party though ;) wirecard
@_date: 2019-05-02 09:57:10
you're thinking about [Crypto.com]( card ;) TenX is currently available in Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong, Malaysia, and as of today Thailand as well! Rest of APAC to follow soon (with some obvious exceptions like North Korea, India and China)
@_date: 2019-05-02 13:43:23
Well I'm usually just having the chatroom open on my pc at work, so in a way I am getting paid to do so, just not by them ;) Doesn't really take much time either, as opposed to some other crypto communities, ours is pretty decent overall, and able to have civilized discussions without interaction from mods. 
This doesn't really invalidate my opinion about them though. If I have issues with the way they work or feel there is grievance in the community I just notify the team directly and usually a solution is found based on the communities needs. Such things might go unnoticed by sporadic followers though. But they do listen to the community and try to adapt where possible regulatory wise. 
I met Julian personally and truly believe he is a good person and very good speaker, but yeah his enthousiasm was not really taken well by some. Especially in the more difficult times. Not really sure what to think myself about his departure, but both parties don't want to spill anything, so yeah it's up for speculation.
@_date: 2019-05-02 12:55:32
I'm not saying 'the other guys too', I'm saying look at the grand scheme of things. They had the same issuer, which might have promised them different timelines, and then called back on those. So what do you do in that scenario? Call them out for it and ruin the relationship you worked on for over a year? Or just swallow the bitter pill and take the blame on yourself?
I was only lurking on Reddit before I became part of the TenX community, and yes I'm currently a mod over at their chatroom (voluntarily, I don't get paid). But I think I was even more active on here before I became a mod, so that doesn't have anything to do with it. 
I try to stay away from stuff I don't have enough insight in to form a decent opinion, but I have done a lot of research on TenX and banking/card/licenses/... in general so there I feel like my opinion can make a difference. Apart from that I just use reddit to see the feeds, not really to interact. 
They did find out they were cancelled the same day, after already being live for half a year. So yes, big corporations can change their mind pretty quickly, and you have no other choice than to suck it up and try to hold on. Which is what they did. 
Not denying Julian was being overly positive at a bunch of times, but that's been taken care of as well now. If you read up a bit on big banks and regulation, you'd understand things need a lot of time, and there are many hoops to jump through.
@_date: 2019-05-02 14:02:36
Well it seems you don't get me then, seems like we have a different view on life overall ;) Also you're taking the mod role a bit too seriously. I just look at the chat when there's a new message usually, or read through when I haven't had the time during the day. And sometimes reply. Things I would have done anyway even if I wasn't a mod. Same like you answering me on here, are you getting paid to type on reddit? No, me neither.   
I became a mod around august 2018. If you check my comment history you'll likely see I was already very active in the community WAY before that. So yeah guess that makes me a liar or an idiot :)
Btw you do realise Julian used to do all kinds of meetups all over Europe right? He wasn't exactly a reclusive person.
@_date: 2019-05-02 11:24:47
Need to see it in context. They may have gotten the same promise from their card issuer and then the issuer required extra precautions to make sure they didn't end up like Wavecrest. Why would they 'promise' that if they had 0 notion of how things were? They know well enough it would damage their reputation. 
MCO promised the same thing (even back in nov 2017 already), but still have no EU cards out to this day. Guess what? Same issuer they're working with. So in a way all things do add up. 
They are in the final stages of their e-money license, so that should get things going. Having used the card back in 2017 (then cancelled in jan 2018), I'd rather they just straight up do things the right (long) way instead of making shortcuts and getting shut down again...