@_author: saman333
@_date: 2014-10-02 21:17:48
This is what I know.
If someone mentions XC on POLO... you trash it.
If someone mentions XC on Reddit... you trash it.
If someone mentions XC on the Forum... you trash it.
You were accused by several members of the XC community for being a Monero shill weeks before you admitted to owning XMR... why?
Guess they were right... huh?
@_date: 2014-10-02 21:24:09
Its open source you dumb fuck! This is what I am talking about. You have no idea what you are even talking about. You have to be hiding under a rock not to know DRK is open source. 
Again... do some reading before you open your mouth. 
@_date: 2014-10-02 22:07:23
This is not a hype campaign. This is bringing awareness to the developments XC is making. 
You want hype... XC had articles on Bitcoin Mag, Coindesk, Coin Telegraph etc...
As far as being legit... Dan Metcalfe has delivered everything he has promised and more.
@_date: 2014-10-02 20:54:45
rdnkjdi... Coming form a guy who said he doesn't support XMR, then 2 weeks later admits to owning XMR. A guy who has started threads to bash XC, and then starts threads to help XMR. Yeah... you are so credible. 
How ironic that you speak of consensus, when you shill every chance you get. You are a joke!
@_date: 2014-10-02 23:30:29
Please post all your recommendations and insight against Darkcoin. After all... they were closed source for over 8 months. That surely must of irked you. 
You want a fair discussion, then show us the same incredulity in regards to DRK that you are showing XC.
I don't see you spamming DRK on Polo, Reddit, or the Forum. No... just XC. 
The only irony I see is that you talk about consensus, but are actively spamming XC. Oh... consensus that agree with your investments? You went on a childish rampage against XC because of Jasin. You have lied about your involvement in Monero. You have accused the developers of XC of making backdoor deals. No proof... just accusations. 
You are a liar and a XMR shill! 3 weeks ago you told the XC community that they had less than 50 people posting. Now today you dropped that number to 9. You are so full of shit with your facts. 
XC is in the top 10 for posts and views on the forum. FACT! 
One more time... XC is going to be opened source when its completed in late Fall. Should we release it now when its not complete? 
Lets see all your negative comments towards DRK... just so we can see that you are not a shill. 
Edit. 
Going to another community and trying to start a war? You are pathetic!
@_date: 2014-10-02 21:34:52
Please do... so everyone can see what you are all about. XMR has been accused of being the coin with a Nazi mentality. Dirty tricks and sock puppet accounts are par for the course with you guys. 
XC is just a poor little coin trying to make it. XMR is a bully and everyone knows it. Yes... start an XC fud campaign and watch the forum turn on you and XMR. I am sure that will ingratiate you with fluffy, smooth and the gang.
@_date: 2014-10-03 08:26:17
You came into the XC thread 1 week before the release. You were accused of being a Monero shill. After 4  days of badgering you decided to exploit the Jasinlee issue.
Why did you wait 4 days to bring this up?
What kind of response did you think you were going to get after 4 days of being a pest?
Why didn't you come in on Monday and discuss it like a gentleman, instead of playing bullshit mind games for 4 days?
You admitted to selling your interest in Jasins projects, so why the XC fetish?
Instead of XC talking about the news about their development... 1 week prior to their release... they had to defend itself from you and your thread insinuating some sort of backdoor collusion between Jasinlee and Dan.
 The guys who lost money with Jasinlee... I feel sorry for them. You... I couldn't care less. Why? Because you conditioned me to feel that way. But that was your true intent all along wasn't it? Build up hate for you and exploit a sensitive issue and watch the actors play out their role. "Look everybody!" "XC is insensitive!" "I'll start a thread and tell everybody about it!" 
Yeah... Im the dramaqueen! Lol! 
@_date: 2014-10-03 00:04:32
Multiple security holes? Can you please elaborate. I know Chappy had a field day with Rev 1, but he hasn't posted in over 4 months on the XC thread. Maybe you can take the torch and tell Dan where he is wrong. 
@_date: 2014-10-02 20:43:43
You are being down voted because you are an adolescent. 
Closed source? New accounts? That is the best you have? You are like so many people in crypto... YOU rely more on what you hear, rather than what you actually know.
It is being opened sourced soon, and a bounty will be attached to break its anon. Darkcoin was closed source for over 8 months. XC is less than 5 months old. So please spare us with the finger pointing about smurfs, because I too can make assumptions about you, and your intentions. Let the grown ups talk. Better yet... why don't you actually read about XC, so you have an intelligent question, rather than childish accusations. 