@_author: sambotte
@_date: 2017-12-22 13:44:37
I agree.
The point being BCash and now Coinbase are against the whole crypto revolution now. They crash markets when they want, and they don't care.
Wall street may be scared, or may help market be stronger, or the opposite. I kind of bet WS may help here, i think they have more interest in BTC being stronger and less volatile.
And anybody with some sense can understand the BCash war is just bad, they are just hurting crypto-markets with no way to "win". But they make money with the fool i guess who are following them. How long will this happen again ?
@_date: 2017-12-08 01:25:56
“I read a lot of history, and I know that once upon a time, a coin was worth $5 if it had $5 worth of gold in it. Now we have paper that is just backed by fiat...Maybe in the new world, something gets backed by consensus.”
Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein.
Today we all see a amazing rally for BTC, because many factors.
A interesting analysis : 
Could go very high...
And for the "Futures" trading, i'm not worried : those guys make money, by any ways. With futures, but also with bitcoin itself i would bet ! So much money to make with BTC. I really don't think any short tactic would counter the "buy and hold" tactic for now at least.
December could be absolutely amazing. It is already, and i think we will see more...
The new world is on march.
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:42:20
Was about to say the same :)
Guys you should consider to make posts about prices with only the 5K steps :) 15K...20K...
And wake me up at 100K.
Just kiding.
@_date: 2017-11-23 14:33:21
That's exactly the point imo.
- If ever (i don't think it will though) Bitcoin would lose his status of reference, by crashing, having hash problem, or by flippening, then the whole TRUST in CRYPTO would crash !!! Because it could happen again and again. Because BCH would not be tolerated as the real bitcoin (because it would have crash the entire crypto market, and could be replaced too). Etc.
- Paradox for a trustless system, indeed a currencie (and all the crypto currencie market) need TRUST : must not crash, must not be remplaced by another with huge loss (and other winner for a very short time).
- Too much money is involve for this to happen. Core, Miners, Business, investor and in them the wall street kind of - very big money, it's started and those guys are serious -.
I bet it's more a money move. Not a STUPID attempt to replace btc, wich could in fact crash the whole crypto market for years (if something big would happen, but i don't think it would). But who knows... Some idiot insist in pretending BCash would be the real bitcoin. No. Never. Just think. If a brutal flippening would occur it would be the end of trust, and of crypto market. And of BCash of course.
So it looks like a stupid political attempt, but i think / i hope it's just a money move. A big pump. Will dump but retain some value.
BCash imo is legit IF some guys don't try to do something very stupid like trying to replace or attack BTC. A general crash is not good for nobody. And i don't think they are stupid, money talk first.
@_date: 2017-11-24 05:17:03
Nop it would be cold ages for years. Think carefully about it...
If the reference is hurt, or change, trust would be gone, and the financial revolution too. Gouvernments and banks would be delighted ! 
This intern war is so stupid...
@_date: 2017-11-24 13:00:56
You got wrong what i say (or mean).
To make it short :
- BCash is on war against BTC, not competition. Read some stuff if needed (i'll post the links in other tread).
- If BTC would crash, or BCash replace it, in a brutal act of war, everybody would lose, that's pretty sure. Crypto would be in cold ages for years. Nobody (sane) want that (well wait, banks and some gouvernments would like that for sure...). 
It will not happen i bet (like many).
- You grossly put "technologists" on one side, "speculators" on the other... Don't you get many people (like 99%) care about money ? :)
I have masters in computer science, i like the technological approach for sure. But i like to not lose money, and i love to make big money ! I must be dumb... Like 99% people i guess :)
You may denie it but blockchain and crypto are not just a technologist revolution. It's a social, and financial revolution too ! And money speaks first, and the loudest, in this world, maybe you dislike that but that's how the entire world is ! It's reality.
But as far as i understand you, you must be a "pure technologist" :)
Maybe try to understand the point of many others :)
@_date: 2017-11-25 13:47:06
Hilarious, thanks for sharing.
@_date: 2017-11-24 05:13:50
Crypto is not just about tehnologist, no offense but one can read this too many times, it's just crazy :)
It's a financial and social revolution too !
Money matters for "normal people" :) Like for 99% people maybe :)
And money is all about trust. Any money : fiat, records in bank system, gold, stones in prehistoire, cryptos. Crypto is not different for this point : no trust, no money.
Technology would fail as a revolution if bitcoin had a big problem, people would run away ! That's the obvious point "technologists" and "political crypto adepts" don't get.
Bitcoin must be a reference, solid. Obvious.
A change could only be done very carefully, not by war. 
Looks to me the revolutionaires are stupid enough to have a intern war, that should stop without a doubt. Just think the implication of a war...
@_date: 2017-11-23 14:38:29
Exactly. It's a reference. A store of value. And more and more money invest in it.
Those who think another coin could brutally replace BTC don't understand it would crash the TRUST in crypto in general.
Must not happen.
@_date: 2018-03-16 11:51:19
Non sense sorry to say that.
They can, and probably must, make it clear the withdraw is conditioned by this and that. In clear. Better in a warning before deposit.
Otherwise it's probably illegal.
@_date: 2018-04-09 11:30:05
And they want to handle crypto too.
Love the Swiss guys.