@_author: samdane7777
@_date: 2019-07-19 21:11:14
Dodd Frank covers that and it is illegal. Read Dodd Frank. You cannot do that to circumvent derivative regulations.
@_date: 2019-07-27 21:35:09
they are eyeing to put an end to it
@_date: 2019-07-20 09:16:47
And I am not unhinged I am literally an anarchist, and I am literally promulgating anarchist theory through bitcoin, I am a crypto anarchist, and my critiques of the American economy and political policies on foreign and international law abuses are accurate, I am a cypherpunk. You can choose to think that radicals are conspiracist, but frankly bitcoin is a conspiracist creation, it is something that implies the worst connotation of the government. The white paper clearly implies a picture of government that only an anarchist and anarchist literature would connotate. Satoshi was an anarchist.
@_date: 2019-07-19 22:15:02
Only people who simply do not understand the derivative market blanketly call it gambling. Your modern economy and financial system literally cannot function without leveraged trading and derivatives. So I guess you can thank gambling for running water, law and order, and a electric grid. Jesus christ.
@_date: 2019-07-08 20:18:31
I've always thought about similar ideas, unfortunately I cannot do it since I travel perpetually. Not sure how many KW you produce, but you will need a solar farm to run a mining warehouse. That said, you could run a smaller farm certainly not 500, while you scale. You'd do better to buy land in san benardino county, build a geothermally vented underground warehouse to hold the miners and  the solar farm above ground, The Barstow area is the highest solar radiation area in the low 48. You need to learn a lot about batteries, you need probably 20 grand worth of llithium iron phosphate batteries to act as a UPS for the system, and you will still have to turn it all off 8 hours a day unless you are tied into the power grid. If you look on ebay you can find people selling usually extra surplus 330 watt panels at warehouses in the LA area for like 120 dollars a pop. If I had a million dollars and the time and the means to secure and insure a mining farm, I would build it next to a river or tributary I had the rights to and I would build hydroelectric turbines to power it those other 8 hours of the day.
@_date: 2019-07-07 18:11:02
It will be a long hard battle for normal people to understand the morality of taxes and an even harder battle to create untaxable crypto systems. But I hope people have a turn of heart.
@_date: 2019-07-24 08:29:23
China, Russia, India, and United States have no good plan for crypto. They are not beacons of freedom, and they are not going to let cypherpunk technology take their sovereignty away (in this case sovereignty is a euphemism for the rich and powerful in all of those countries).
@_date: 2019-07-20 00:38:22
There is no rehypothecation on bitmex. It's all peer to peer collateralized bitcoin. They had a trillion dollars of volume traded in a year, and crypto had a trillion in a month. There is real liquidity on bitmex, thats why people use it. The metals market engaged in naked short sells with printed money and committed fraud. That hasn't happened on bitmex. Every single meaningul market require future. The S and P has futures, Dow Jones etc.
@_date: 2019-07-24 08:31:55
What the fuck is wrong with you people, you're too lazy to read the subtitle to a screen shot? Seriously. ??? Why are you defending Ameritrade. You post shit comments post better comments
@_date: 2019-07-20 02:58:58
And you should be called out on it and reminded and told that you are antithetical to the purpose of bitcoin!
@_date: 2019-07-20 10:00:43
And in fairness to put it into context that is exactly what Tone Vays did after bitmex banned him. I always ragged on Tone for being a statist bootlicker, but he showed me, he had enough and he actually renounced his citizenship. I've looked into it. But it usually cost 100 grand for some BS carribean island and then you need a residency in europe. It works for some people but  I like the USA , I want to kayak and hunt and live on the mountains. The regulator shouldn't run me out my own country. They need to go to a gulag or somalia.
@_date: 2019-07-04 17:55:27
Bisq is largely the way it's meant to be. How it all shoulda been and needs to revert to. I would love to see Bisq start to use the Ren VM tools to build a even bigger network. Liquidity is the Achilles heel of DEX.
@_date: 2019-07-20 07:27:00
If people would sober up, step back from the keyboard, get on a demo account and spend six months learning risk calculations and basic forex and derivative, so they had margin, they could change their life. Instead of repeatedly telling people they can't. The secret to margin is basic statistics and risk allocation. Even American forex pays better than unleveraged btc trading.
@_date: 2019-07-04 17:08:19
Yeah its all hypocrisy they know HSBC and Lloyd and Deustchbank were caught multiple times on giant multi billion laundering scheme s for the cartel, barkley also. They just get a slap on the wrist and play it off like oops we don't know any better wink wink yeah..
@_date: 2019-07-11 18:09:27
This is why the institutional sanitization is so dangerous, all the quote o n quote ancillary infrastructure to distract people from how terrible wall street is and how terrible regulators really are. We need full, full, full, immutable decentralized exchanges like komodo, blocknet, bisq, stacknet, atomic swaps and lightning swaps, more satellites to connect bitcoin, and we need to stay the hell out of the government and corporate ecosystem being built. This just highlights how unworthwhile it is to even use microsoft, apple, google, etc. We oughta all be on whonix, qubes, tails, and linux, hell even linux processors and raspberry pi's. None of the corporate tech is safe to use.
@_date: 2019-07-08 02:16:19
we should bring these people over to our side
@_date: 2019-07-04 18:35:13
she's doing a lot of really great things. I just hope she can find some common ground to work on the SEC and CFTC regs that are plaguing crypto.
@_date: 2019-07-20 09:28:48
All I see are arrogant crypto traders who want to demean others into thinking they cannot learn to trade and endlessly ENDLESSLY telling them the misinformation that leverage is bad instead of teaching them proper risk calculations and position size and allocation. Implying that no one with less than a 50k account should be trading or some other elitist crap. The notional value of a single crude oil contract is 55 thousand, if a starting trader even wants to trade futures they have to be taught proper margin methodology. Instead I see shitcoins pushed on traders, which are slow illquid dodgy and inconsistent to trade on. It's down right irresponsible and unjust to teach new traders that they should only trade on spot for ages when they could consistently pull in income with an entire lot in forex or an entire contract in futures. The coddling and nanny state terrorism of American retail has to stop. There's a reason I learned everything from Australian and British forex traders....because the Americans got banned off the face of the earth, they didn't exist.
@_date: 2019-07-19 22:12:48
People think its ok to put 100 grand on coinbase or Gemini so you can have it arbitrarily siezed until you pay some lawyer 10 grand or 20 grand and \*maybe\* you get your money back. Regulated exchanges treat people like criminals. Crypto is high risk and discriminated against by banks, leaving money on exchanges is extremely dangerous.
@_date: 2019-07-27 18:52:57
Retail kiddoes making statements that threaten the industry because they don't understand derivatives or professional risk management or how financial institutions manage portfolios, they can't understand a professional skill so they call it gambling because it's all they know how to do, so they want the rich and powerful to continue making laws that aonly allow people with 10 million dollars to access financial tools and start up investment. Plebs just want other plebs to be stuck buying spot . This is why you stay poor, take your rules somewhere else and stop trying to bring everyone else who isn't already hyper affluent down with your hyper classist statism.
@_date: 2019-07-19 21:15:55
Owe?! seriously Owe?!!! So you're telling me I have to ask the US government permission on how to manage my money, that it's a privilege like something that they gave me, like welfare? You're insane. Absolutely mad. That is the biggest pile of crock I've heard yet. Pulling the Rush Limbaugh card on someone for managing THEIR MONEY.
@_date: 2019-07-20 04:38:51
you have no business in a bitcoin forum, you sound like a bitter salty no coiner like Nouriel Roubini. The both of you. Seriously I don't contribute to the crypto economy? What are you doing. I could run a paid group, I could educate people, I could grift people, I could do a lot of things, but I don't want to rip people off or contribute to impoverishing plebs even more Id much rather help for free. You sound like salty people who got liquidated on bitmex and decided to attack every trader you run into. There's a reason most crypto twitter traders constantly condescend against such no coiner nonsense because they are absolutely loaded filthy rich from trading on bitmex successfully.
@_date: 2019-07-04 06:40:34
very comprehensive! much appreciated
@_date: 2019-07-08 02:28:21
thank goodness so many people had the sense to realize how corrupt the deep state in america is and the cumulative effect of many small contributions could fund whistleblowing and independent journalism
@_date: 2019-07-19 22:08:44
Please point out to me the things I do not understand about Dodd Frank or derivatives, which a) I've traded derivatives for several years b) I've read the key portions of Dodd Frank multiple, multiple times.
@_date: 2019-07-19 22:31:52
 I nearly had a heart attack when I saw that bitmex is being probed by the CFTC today.   
I'm wasting my time writing these legal posts in the hope that more informed proffessional people on this forum will see it and pass word along to people who are connected and capable of lobbying.   
The retail noobs who think regulations in crypto are good are just profoundly ignorant to international security and derivative law and american aml kyc law and the history of forex and Dodd Frank and what America did to the forex industry for forex traders.  
If people in America do not lobby and fight congress they are going to plow crypto into submission the way they did forex, they are going to ban alt coins and ban leverage to such a draconian extent that no unrich american will be able to adequately benefit from the global market in crypto. They are going to make the regulatory barrier so high, that it is impossible to make money in crypto unless you trade like the top 10 main coins on spot. That is unacceptable, and a gross oversight of the American government, but please go on about how terrible bitmex is and how you want daddy government to step in and super regulate every other country in the world until you are perpetually stuck in minimum wage jobs or forced into the futures or marijuana market. You have no idea how powerful and dangerous the American regulators really are. Underestimating them is profoundly dangerous
@_date: 2019-07-04 17:23:42
LedgerX is physical bitcoin settlements, it wont be allowed to do rehypothecation or comingling. In any case I wish they would be upfront about the leverage. These US applicants are all acting like they aren't going to offer any leverage which is an extreme disadvantage for the US domestic economy compared to competitors.
@_date: 2019-07-19 22:20:43
These are the same ridiculous arguments people make. By that logic, every stock is a ponzi scheme, and investment is bad. This is how markets work. People lose value and gain value.  But let's keep telling the 85% of Americans who don't own stock or invest to stay poor and rely on middle men more.  These arguments are probably by far the worst because they apply to markets period. No one who does ANY form of business ever buys high and sells low, and if they do they don't do it for very long...
@_date: 2019-07-20 02:58:04
As I've said in countless other post which you can check on my profile, I have said we would get global mandatory KYC which is a de facto invasion of privacy and backdoor for seizure of assets. If the government knows you have the money it can come put a gun to your head and demand it. Frankly bitcoin is suppose to protect you from such things. They really really want to tell you what you can and cannot do with your own money, and in order to do that with bitcoin they need to take down foreign exchanges and force smart contracts attributed to kyc database on wallet provider and criminalize foreign wallet software, force backdoors onto trezor and ledger nano. You think I'm joking. I am promising you they are looking at this. Mnuchin said it between the lines on national tv. They do not want to let Americans use foreign crypto exchanges. Period. No leverage, no anything. How many foreign security, futures, forex brokers let Americans on? None that are regulated, they will kindly show you the door. Bitcoin was made to prevent this crap man. Seriously, this is prime examples. You're deeply underestimting how dark the road we are going down is. American exchanges won't offer any leverage, but worst of all they will be rigged heavily to insiders, guilty of everything being accused toward bitmex, opportunities will be vastly reduced. This isn't freedom. Being able to spend your bitcoin anywhere in the world, at any time, trade at any time, anywhere, in any country, to travel freely with no capital control, to live with that sort of freedom was the point. You government bootlickers are antithetical to bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-07-24 05:07:16
distributed nodes with with distributed order matching order books and settlement, with lightning swap, cross chains, distributed liquidity pools, technology all built or being built, but scattered across 10 projects, like the infinity stones
@_date: 2019-07-20 00:39:34
Yes the non ICO scam are the top 200 coins besides the pow ones on coinmarket cap, litereally every altcoin that is ER20 that is listed on bonafied major exchange started as an ICO.
@_date: 2019-07-08 19:44:09
As per Dodd Frank Laws no American are allowed to trade unregulated non NFA non CFTC registered derivatives overseas unless they are a Eligible Contract Participant with an investment fund registered with the SEC or a 5 million dollar net worth. There are no 20x leverage platforms for Americans. We are globally banned within the law from retail crypto and retail forex trading overseas. Mandatory KYC is a de facto ban for US citizens. These crypto platforms ban expats and citizens and residents.
@_date: 2019-07-07 17:34:34
pretty awesome to see adoption especially a t a farmers market
@_date: 2019-07-20 00:35:09
Again you assume no responsibility for due diligence on the end user. Punish civil liberties of the masses by draconian government interference. Anyone stupid enough to put their life savings in volatile venture capital cannot blame the industry. Attacking broad sale financial and civil liberties is an insane system.
@_date: 2019-07-20 17:28:57
Fuck you dude keep trying to frame my life incorrectly lol. I have intentionally wanted to live off grid because I want to persue outdoor sports. I don;t know what you're trying to prove other than being some imbicile 12 year old to make a case that I am not a trader. People have pre existing debt, often from years sometimes up to 10 years that follows them through life you jack ass. You clearly don't understand the debt laws or debt systems, so calling a full time trader a grifter just makes you sound like a boomer and a imbicile. I don't think anyone is going to take you serious when you keep reffering to 20k as palty. 20 k is not paltry. Not ever trader drives a lambo, the average trader is making maybe 50 to 150k in legacy and has various financial obligations. Normal middle class people cannot go out and drop 20 grand on the spot you fucking jackass they have to make settlement plans and payment plans. So please keep spreading the misinformation that only millionaires are traders. You wouldn't spout that nonsense if you were a real trader who understood the industry. Fuck you. You're an internet troll by the textbook definition on here running your mouth to someone who has entire shelfs of books on the shit they do trying to fabricate a narrative about a hobo in a van pretending to be I guess some Forex Fraud paid group instagram guy or whatever delusion you have. 
Please no one take this prick serious if you honestly think that a trader is magically a millionaire overnight, you don't understand the industry. I could say the same to you that you belong in r/quityourbullshit 
There are some real punks on reddit, many of you have 0 business being in a bitcoin reddit. You're bad for bitcoin. A typical idiot spouts ad hominem about virtue signaling and vocabulary words when they have no substantive argument. You are some Republican wannabe that needs to fuck off with the Limbaugh shit harping on and calling people van hobos because a middle class income can't pay off overnight wheelbarrows of money that I had to use to pay for life threatening medical problems for myself and other family medical issues....literally several years ago when I said that I have been a trader for about 2.5 years. My story does check out, you're just too busy being an egregious piece of shit to do the math.
@_date: 2019-07-27 19:09:56
it needs to be decentralized, and sued and challenged in supreme court
@_date: 2019-07-20 09:12:06
You're talking to the wrong person pal. And namely there are plenty of traders I follow that are absolutely loaded, all of whom started in legacy. I absolutely have trading systems that far surpass non derivative trader and typical crypto fare. You don't know everyone's history over the internet upon first sight, I started in a very bad place and had to climb out and pay a lot. It isn't all lambos overnight. The most I've lost to a liquidation in crypto on a fluke accident was 143 dollars. I don't blow accounts. I read hedge fund law, I know Dodd Frank, I know what I'm talking about, I can quote the law. There's nothing unhinged about pointing out the oversteps of the American government. Clearly no one has the gall to even talk about what they should be talking about. I'm not sure why you're even mentioning capital. We're talking about literally not having an exchange to trade on, regardless of capital. And if you're implying only people with a quarter mill trading spot on bitstamp are entitled to making money, it makes you an elitist. If I had a half mil account I wouldn't want to trade spot. I don't want that type of money on an exchange, its a non sensical argument.
@_date: 2019-07-19 21:34:54
IF I wanted to operate a mining farm, an operating business, any type of crypto entrepreneurialism, which I do, including ultimately an investment fund to manage and facilitate credit cooperatives for financial services to people like farmers or money pools or insurance services, which I do, without a proper derivative market, I cannot do jack shit, I can't shit and fall backwards, I have no portfolio management, no risk management, no tools to deal with crypto like I do with legacy instruments. That's the reality they are forcing on the american economy. And they are banning middle class people from IDO IEO and crypto start ups which is again, why we need bitcoin, why regulations are largely class war fare disguiesed as protection. The behavior of the American regulatory and legislature apparatus is why we need bitcoin, for financial freedom and access to opportunities, while they try to ban us out of everything through immense regulation. If you think that there will be profit or opportunity by the time they get done than you do not understand American Finance Law. They make their money in venture capital series A, B, and C funding. They want to ban crowd funding and force this system on to you, force you to buy regulated Security Token offerings that they will dump on you like the Pleb Retail you are, with the non existent volatility to trade. And they will probably attempt to enforce 25,000 dollar pattern day trading laws onto it. They are forcing archaic legacy regulations on crypto that make crypto not crypto, and make crypto incapable of making you money, they will do anything they can to maintain middleman status. Don't be deluded.
@_date: 2019-07-07 17:14:20
awesome I love it. Plaster em all over the city
@_date: 2019-07-08 02:12:09
deff second paypal, its instant transfers
@_date: 2019-07-07 17:30:52
It's a great step in the right direction, especially money transmitter laws not over reaching
@_date: 2019-07-07 17:43:19
bisq is absolutely brilliant and the future in many ways. If Ren VM enables fully decentralized liquidity pools, it could be linked to BISQ and then non direct p2p transactions would be possible, even faster, a completely fullblown exchange inside tor.
@_date: 2019-07-20 02:46:36
I'll take that as a compliment since I like the new yorker accent and lived in NYC. But I'm Southern with a southern accent, and 5'11
@_date: 2019-07-19 21:10:40
you're absolutely out of your mind and don't understand finance. Your comment represents an extreme misunderstanding of finance.
@_date: 2019-07-24 08:49:04
These types of responses are one of the reasons I dislike reddit and bitcoin reddit. It's shitpost tier apathy and stupidity. I see more than a few boot lickers and spiteful Roubini types constantly on this forum defending American regulators. American regulators haven't done shit, they haven't built a goddamn thing, they've only banned and barred and run things abroad. The cold hard fact is that most of the trolls on reddit don't comprehend finance law, so they don't understand what the intentions of the US are. I'm literally telling you that the US is going to impose harsh measures on virtually anything that can be construed as a IEO or security or derivative and that it will take your freedom, most of your potential to earn money, and it will hurt foreign markets abroad. Crypto was profitable to common people because it was easy to join. You are trolls and assholes who don't understand finance law or American economics or the way the regulations affect markets consolidation in the US. They are making the cost of starting and participating in crypto intentionally obscenely expensive, so that you cannot participate, so that you will get very small returns. It is a form of elitism, they are applying legacy finance limitations onto something that does fine without it, and is effectively self regulating, if you cannot grasp that than you're most likely not making much or risking much to begin with, or you would have already realized what was at risk. And you're a troll.
@_date: 2019-07-19 22:55:13
Why are you in a bitcoin forum if you consider it 'internet tokens'. So now its all 'thin air speculation' while at the same time being banned for allegedly being various manifestations of securities, which by your definition represent company value. You cannot be serious. THERE IS NO CATEGORICAL DIFFERENCE BETWEEN TRADING FOREX AND CRYPTO. I learned from forex traders It's the same mechanics. You sound like a boomer. Why are you in a bitcoin forum saying these things, it makes no sense. I trade forex, I trade futures. It's the same exact technical analysis and mechanics. Bitcoin's signals and price action are actually cleaner and purer than legacy markets. You sound absolutely out of touch with how legacy market trading works. Nothing you are saying cannot be applied to people who trade fixed income interest derivaties in prop firms for a living. You're spouting anti crypto boomer nonsense in a ....THE ...primary bitcoin reddit. WTF.
@_date: 2019-07-20 05:04:54
Seriously think about it. Who goes into someone's profile in a bitcoin discussion and brings up something unrelated from a separate forum about personal debt? He can't win a rational argument on topic, so he has to make ad hominems that are extremely irrelevant and distasteful.
@_date: 2019-07-24 08:38:35
I guess the trolls are out I get 6 comments right off the bat by lazy people who have nothing constructive to add, essentially shitposting your apathy or spite towards the actions of the US regime. You're deluded if you think the rest of the world isn't going to be affected by the US's various witch hunts on crypto. The US will regulate the WORLD.
@_date: 2019-07-27 17:44:07
I don't believe the US Gov will ever fully accept bitcoin as a cross border payment. This is likely the first of many legal battles in supreme court to come. But I'm very weary of how few people are pointing out how dangerous the legal behavior towards exchanges has been all summer, namely no one is talking about the need to actually defend against and contest any of these agencies. They need to be sued back. They need to be brought to court. Tether is doing the right thing. These alphabet agencies have to be stood up to.
@_date: 2019-07-07 18:24:54
I use a VPN. It isn't perfect, innovations with TOR as mentioned in other comments here or as in Bisq is more ideal.
@_date: 2019-07-24 08:32:32
Yeah no shit, how would you like for coinbase to tell everyone they need 25k minimum deposit.
@_date: 2019-07-20 00:49:03
Populist? You're misinformed. I'm a left libertarian radical market supporter dude. Far left and right? What? Oh right so now you're just pulling shit off my profile. Which is despicalble I ought to have the moderators delete the comment just for invading my privacy but I'll go ahead and bite. 
I had that debt from years previous during the time I was learning to transition to a new profession. You are a real dirt bag to imply that someone cannot better themselves and learn a new career, which I am using to settle the goddamn debt so I can rebuild my life and credit. I have severe chronic health issues you jackass. I got into debt from medical problems I couldn't get treated and bitcoin saved my life literally. You dirtbag. 
Forgive me if I'm not driving a lambo to automatically pay off mountains of debt overnight. You want me to run an investment fund or operating business magically overnight and build a business overnight but you don't want to let me actually build the capital to do it! What the fuck is wrong with you people and your non sequiter arguments. How do you think anyone works at a prop firm or builds a business in finance, overnight, from nothing? IS it a goddamn crime to be an entrepreneur? 
I have to consider tax obligations you dense jackass, I can't just hang myself out to dry, tax lawyer cost more money ontop of the prior debt. You dirt bags have a lot of nerve to call someone who is working has multiple forms of employment and is an entrepreneur a dead beat. You are old bastards who have no business in bitcoin or the new economy. Go play your stock market and your golf and do your boomer shit. 
It;s your normie dirt bag laws that broke me medically and crashed my legal rights to seek medical treatment and caused the debt in the first place, when I had my previous career and education and health annihilated with crooked medical regulations nd catch 22's that got my treatment dismissed.  Seriously fuck you dude.
@_date: 2019-07-19 21:27:16
You have to understand very carefully that no American but an eligible contract participant may participate on an offshore exchange for the purpose of trading derivatives. ECP cannot be a US natural, that means no company that is owned controlled or serves an american as a beneficiary, no accounts less than 5 million dollars, no company that has commercial ties to the united states, no broker without 5 million, no commodity trader advisor without 5 million, no trusts, LLC, IBC. Making it a foreign corporation makes no difference, and FC corporations always get audited by the IRS/. The CFTC is God Mode Uncle Sam basically. They are basically the face of Wallstreet, the financial face of the USAs financial compliance. The only extreme loopholes in Dodd Frank is perhaps working for a proprietary trading firm overseas that has no domestic involvement in the USA, but I haven't heard an example. Bitfinex would never onboard any American with less than 5 million and law firm confirmed ECP status, and that will be the global standard.
@_date: 2019-07-20 04:31:31
Did you see bitcoin's volatility in October, or March? It can get extremely low. The volatility on the SP and Dow and crude oil can be nearly as high as bitcoin, and worse in the sense gaps occur. Realistically, the 10% pprice jumps on btc aren;t common. Investor protection is always a euphemism for restricting peoples financial access. Crude oil is consistently about 70% as volatile as bitcoin, but literally all day every day in perpetuity. In Jan to March this year, Forex and Crude were more volatile than bitcoin. This volatility is recent. Realistically the average amount bitcoin moves in a 2 hour period is about 2%, on average if you look at all time and month historical data. Most overseas brokers offer 200 to 500 x leverage on forex as well. I trade offshore forex as well. 50x s too low for forex, forex is very lslow. Wickedly slow. Compare the volatility to bitcoin, you'll realize bitcoin is literally a blessing and financial opportunity of a lifetime.
@_date: 2019-07-27 18:59:23
If enough dumb American whine to the government, the US will overreach and persecute sovereign nations. You only have your own government to blame for the existence of bitmex as a monopoly. Baakt and Fidelity will be nothing more than financial enslavement of anyone who isn't already affluent. America is hyper classist and antithetical to bitcoin. Bitmex is the consequence of oppressive domestic regulations that made good legal alternatives impossible. REgulaters created a ripe condition for illicit overseas operations that don't have normal market competition, so you get an exchange that is controlled by whales in a hyper unregulated environment on a platform that doesn't execute stops. Then you whine and blame leverage while sounding like an idiot that doesn't understand that the entire American Futures market for global commodities bonds and interest rates operates on 50 to 100x leverage. The best thing that could happen for this space is fair market competition in a lightly regulated space that isn't catered to Wallstreet. Wallstreet is the enemy. We need developing nations to make good regulations and  good competitive platform to bitmex to help even the price index and volume and single impact of one exchange's effect. America is shaping up to have nothing but a bad effect on bitcoin. They only want bitcoin for the rich to hoard like they do global real estate and gold.
@_date: 2019-07-19 22:24:31
People are obsessed with the idea that professional risk management offers no real value to the economy, when the American economy is controlled and sustained BY RISK MANAGEMENT AND QUANT SYSTEMS. Your insurance systems, your 401k, your healthcare, your electric company, your life insurance, your pension, the gas you put in your car, the public spending your county government has - it's all controlled by people like me and derivatives.
@_date: 2019-11-23 03:02:25
This 'mentality' disguised as 'national security' is whole sale neocolonial, racist, oppressive domineering predominantly against the global south, or just generally any smaller struggling country to 'punch down'. It's such overt imperialism it's hard to call it by any other name. And you know the shit kicker? I screen shotted this from a "DEX" well I got news for you folks, it ain't a real DEX if it requires a ToS like this. Crypto only has 1 true DEX to my knowledge, and that's BISQ. It's been 10 years, and all we have is BISQ, and they are of course unfunded. 
I'm not going to shut up about FATF, because this is what FATF is about. Andreas doesn't agree with this. Cypherpunk doesn't agree with this. How can the crypto community possible be pro FATF? This is not what bitcoin was made for. FATF is imperialism.
@_date: 2019-11-04 15:53:57
what does that even mean
@_date: 2019-11-11 16:40:08
eh open interest is 2 mil. Abominable. It's a shame, with more open interest it could be good...ugh.
@_date: 2019-11-21 22:41:04
I can't for the life of me understand why bitcoin reddit defends wallstreet and regulators so much. I'm fucking clueless why you people post responses like this. I'm baffled.
@_date: 2019-11-21 22:51:37
This goddamn subreddit is intolerable. Blind leading the blind. You people are absolute fools, you cannot even deal with the real world or news about the legal landscape. You're godddamn evangelist. Absolute evangelist delusionals in the worst possible sense. And I got bad news for you. Crypto twitter isn't like this.
In between all the shitposting and pettiness and bitterness, twitter crypto folks are about 20x more informed, better investor, better trader, nuanced, kept up to the news. None of this subject matter is controversial to them. And I thank god sensible people, trader,s influencers, anything in between, any of them, all of them are involved in the space. But reddit for the life of me, whatever the fuck is going on in reddit, it must be something in the water.
@_date: 2019-11-21 17:25:33
you're not keeping up with the news, and few are.
@_date: 2019-11-17 21:05:56
No NO nO NO
you are still all so goddamn naive. 
I mean sure, if you like Bitcoin staying under 5000 dollars in perpetuity for pure wallstreet speculation. That's always the same attitude "We don't need to use normal politics, we don't need to apply normal finance policy to ourselves, politics doesn't apply, the government can't touch me or us, our haxor friends will develop more elusive shit" and on and on and on.... more naive shit
Walllstreet and the intelligence agency and treasury are openly threatening, promising, and ensuring a hostile takeover and perversity of the network. Because they are pragmatic, live in and of the world, and are gaming it, and doing as the world does, while you all choose to live in fantasy land in a perpetual libertarian meme. That's not how the real world works. 
You're going to have to hold the government accountable just the 98% of the population who aren't libertarian do. If you do nothing, they will stomp it all into the ground. But I guess the libertarian meme culture of Bitcoin and political ignorance makes people think they can get away with being apolitical without consequences and somehow the alphebet bois won't just obliterate all of this into pure uselessness.
Do you really tthink you're going to compete with the US dollar by being apolitical????
Normies aren't going to use monero. I wish I could wake up tomorrow and everyone would be an outlaw and a monero advocate. IT's not going to happen. It's not. 
Government officials have to be held accountabile, and if you are apolitical and apathetic and uninvolved, wallstreet will make the decisions for you, they will buy out and sell out bitcoin wholesale, as they are currently doing. The CME and paper contract watering down is the beginning of that process, where they will suppress price and cripple miners exactly like they have done silver and gold.
America runs this shit. It controls bitcoin, it controls gold, it controls the world.
@_date: 2019-11-21 17:26:27
You clearly don't understand rehypothecation and gold and silver price suppression.
@_date: 2019-11-05 15:06:34
This entire market is a hellscape, this is all the fault of centralized custodial exchanges
@_date: 2019-11-04 19:59:31
The overwhelming majority of this bitcoin reddit is anti leverage hodl moronics. Big boys and trading firms and legacy finance traders will continue to make money, people who talk shit about trading are the ones who don't know how to do it and can't win. And to add to it, the negativity and lack of spine and sheer retardation is hard to not notice here. I get flack for pointing out how hard you're all goin to get fucked by the regulators, and the people here just cheer for the failure of 'every' exchange, especially leverage. Salty people who got steamrolled by the bear market who don't want to learn to trade, and don't want to defend the space against predatory exchanges and regulators. The US ruined trading crypto for it's citizens. Just like forex. And they took all our fucking altcoins, and our ICOs. So seriously fuck reddit for acting like I'm wrong to advocate for some goddamn working accessible exchanges.
@_date: 2019-11-21 19:36:18
@_date: 2019-11-21 17:30:08
The average community member in this reddit is simply not cogent. They clearly aren't entreprenuerial and don't have considerable amounts of capital invested in this market from a business cash flow perspective.
It's not FUD to deal with the legal realities of your entire industry. You treat it like a religion and you'll go bankrupt.
Just about no one on this subreddit understands Rehypothecation, the CME, or the price suppression of Gold and Silver and what the US has done to it the last 30 years. You don't understand geopolitics, and you think somehow bitcoin is invincible and magically different. You refuse to deal with the facts and paint any legal complexity as FUD. These are the same people who held altcoins 97% down. This is why Wallstreet is taking over. 
Grow the hell up and treat it like a business, learn some goddamn finance, politics, economics, and geopolitics for the love of christ.
@_date: 2019-11-21 17:38:52
It's absolutely ludicrous to call normal legal rammifications in the industry you work in FUD. You can't call legal obligations and realities and policies that you are forced to participate in FUD. Any industry that treated normal law and rule of law as FUD would completely crash. It's a broke retail mindset. At least  I can say the Marijuana sector is drastically more legally intelligent and legally proactive about showing up and representing the matters, including the average investor, who tend to be drastically more sophisticated than crypto,. All I'm saying is they are mature and they deal with the realities. The crypto crowd is predominantly not cypherpunk, not sophisticated, and engages in evangelical religious like 'belief' in arbitrary price targets. It's not helping the industry. 
The Asian's have the volume yet they don't control the price, the US does, why is that? It's because of law. Wallstreet has the legal framework to dictate the price. Very little western retail participation and representation legally, causes a situation where Wallstreet gets to largely dictate the entire environment of bitcoin, while Chinese miners ruthlessly dump the price. The run up in June was a Chinese Ponzi,. Had it not happened, the CME would have kept the price under 7k. The average american retail investor is literally relying upon the US governmentto open up bitcoin to pensions to make the price go up. And I'm telling you that is a fools errand.
The US is not the good guy in this situation. What we want is for the global south and Asia to mass buy bitcoiin. We want users, bodies, real people, not institutions.
@_date: 2019-11-04 19:54:25
FTX 150 million lawsuit plus the two you mentioned
@_date: 2019-11-02 04:46:31
Salty redditors would rather the regulator take everything away from them to protect them from themselves than admit that it takes years of studying for the same reasons getting paid 200 grand a year to be a doctor isn't something you can walk right out and do. This Post makes as much sense as someone bitching about failing out of medical school
@_date: 2019-11-21 22:45:29
The CME price suppression is out in the open. They arrested JP Morgan traders for price suppression they got caught. People said it for over a decade. The accounting is right there. It's in the numbers. They watered down the real world gold and silver prices, manipulated the prices, bankrupted the miners. This is overt incontrivertible open facts. 0 consipiracy. It's a literal price fixing cartel. You're out of your mind
@_date: 2019-11-17 20:43:34
who said anything about bribing? 
Let;'s sit and watch the shit show go. I made this OP intentionally explicitly about the type of comments I get, because I want to see how much stupid shit people on reddit post in the sub to more or less defend regulators. 
We live in the real world, and must deal with pragmatic terms. The anarcho basement dweller model isn't going to cut it. Real things have to be done. Most of crypto is profoundly naive and passive. Wallstreet isn't passive, they're ruthless.
@_date: 2019-11-23 03:47:59
Richard heart talked about this in his recent youtube vid. Bitcoin only incentivizes miners, to dump the price, they get rich, everyone else goes broke, devs are underpaid. The game theory of crypto is all fucked up basically.
@_date: 2019-11-22 03:37:10
fair enuff
@_date: 2019-11-23 03:46:45
Quebec outlawed quebecians from using non quebec registered derivative platforms. America already had them on the books for retail citizens. But the wide spread ban on us customers is as much to do with just broad fear of lawsuits from the US over any litany of issue. Basically the US lawmakers tell every other country who they can and can't do business with.
@_date: 2019-11-19 14:21:44
that is not how professional trading works, all im going to say about that lol
@_date: 2019-11-03 16:51:28
people are vastly underestimating the technology already being beta moded in various DEX apps, they are just spread out and underfunded, understaffed. Things like ThorChain, Stacknet, blocknet DX, Ren, numerous others.There are platforms like BBOD and Jlever already being worked on.
@_date: 2019-08-08 05:07:41
check out ren and thor chain
@_date: 2019-08-20 19:39:29
There are many good examples already. It is true that criminal threats are present with totally unmonitored money and anarchy. But the impoverishment that comes from nation state over reach against the individual far out weighs it.
@_date: 2019-08-09 14:33:54
@_date: 2019-10-30 21:08:26
I agree about the IRS and privacy, but I really do think people underestimate greatly the leverage thing. They aren't looking at it from the broader context of derivative and security law, and its those two legal areas driving a tremendous amount of the regulation. Not to mention the price. If the US government proves it can just steam roll the entire community and the whales and business savvy parts and absolutely knee cap American enterprise in the crypto space with these laws than it has a trickle down effect. And yes as a trader I'm directly affected, but when these laws bludgeon enterprise it just poisons the well, it spreads over. That's why Poloniex just left entirely. It's a lot uglier behind the scenes, these derivative and security concerns give foreign countries and offshore entities tremendous advantages and incentives.
@_date: 2019-08-09 14:33:02
FATF gave G20 until June 2020. I think the change is coming in the next 10 months.
@_date: 2019-08-08 05:09:13
those features may be better suited for layer2 lightning like nodes, and can also be computed with vm as with ren
@_date: 2019-10-30 21:20:42
And you're missing my point. IF you let them regulate it to this extent. ie, give an inch they take a mile. It's not just making money, it's keeping what you have, it's being able to make money at all, they are tightening the noose one regulation at a time incrementally, of which the leverage is a part, one part. Freedom is financial freedom, freedom is also being able to 'make money;', and it is being able to do it without middlemen, without invasive KYC, without sanctions, of w hich by the way all the leveage exchanges banned Iranians and other in the developed nations, sanctioned yet again by the US, condemned to more poverty. Apparently you weren't paying attention to the FATF rules coming, or just what these people have planned. To see the leverage regulations as so wholly separate of the issue is missing the forest for the trees.
@_date: 2019-08-22 22:07:28
Ren and Thorchain and BlockDX are working on the liquidity issue It requires a liquidity network of interoperability, 
Basically a lot of little projects having one part of the pie figured out, but none of them coming together like voltron 
The site hosting would need to be IPFS related to be unsiezable, etc
@_date: 2019-10-30 21:11:54
Look at this shit. Look at the language/ An approved external account???How the fuck do you even do that if you wanted to? And a californian company forbidding American citizens,. WHAT THE FUCK
"19. GOVERNING LAW
The interpretation and enforcement of these Terms, and any dispute related to these Terms or the Services, will be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of State of California, without regard to conflict of law rules or principles (whether of California or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. You agree that EverMarkets may initiate a proceeding related to the enforcement or validity of EverMarkets’ intellectual property rights in any court having jurisdiction. With respect to any other proceeding that is not subject to arbitration under these Terms, the federal and state courts located in San Francisco County, California will have exclusive jurisdiction. You waive any objection to venue in any such courts."
"EverMarkets may require that you verify your control over an External Account or satisfy other verification or screening requirements prior to enabling transfers between the applicable External Account and your Hosted Wallet (any such External Account, an “Approved External Account”).
6.2. Deposits. You may periodically at your discretion transfer from an Approved External Account to your Hosted Wallet any Tokens that are supported for transfer and storage using the Services. If you transfer to your Hosted Wallet any Tokens that are not supported by the Services, such Tokens may be permanently lost."
@_date: 2019-08-24 20:32:27
The general inside joke in the libertarian community is being accused of having a think tank funded by the koch brothers by progressives, etc, which was true for a small hand full of think tanks, but a lot of random people and random article contributors I know would get accused of rolling in Koch Brother dough when it was far from the truth and we were all poor ass college kid. Most rekt hodlers are prolly wishing they had some Koch Dough
@_date: 2019-08-09 01:10:33
With these types of wallets, you effectively dont own the keys. It's a way for legacy finance to trap your money in a parallel system they control the software to, they are ultimately trying to tell you if you can be allowed to remove money from a hw wallet its literally the opposite of crypto.
@_date: 2019-10-30 21:03:59
Fuck you dude seriously lol. I don't understand why Americans are such goddamn cucks about basic finance. You act like the crypto market is suppose to suspend basic finance standards compared to every other market and just bend over to get fucked by regulators. If regulators make this market totally unviable from a business perspective, anyone trying to make a dime is going to go elsewhere. Simple economics.
@_date: 2019-08-08 00:41:29
that's a great example of my point, BCO has centralized servers. Albeit 7 subservers, but what I'm speaking of are distributed server/cloud function/storage, intrinsically unsiezable, attack resistant
@_date: 2019-10-31 01:15:49
well if it's that innocent we should all certainly hope so, but it's layed out in FATF, and Section 6 that guy linked, they've warned of this, and it's been in the cards so I don't know why people keep saying I'm making shit up.
@_date: 2019-06-16 07:03:35
most of bitmex is south east asia. Muricans are nanny state they complain about leverage all the time. Tone Vays had to renounce his citizenship. Kraken denied futures to us customers, only 5x leverage, no 50x.
@_date: 2019-06-16 19:46:37
Seriously, there are *many* *many* finance professionals who have traded highly leveraged products for decades. You people who do not know what you're doing or how to do it, and can't seem to get that people made millions off of leverage trading crypto, as well as hedging their commercial interests in cryptocurrencies should NOT be able to dictate global laws against people who know how to trade and need the products. It comes off as financially illiterate and luddite. Learn to trade or get out of the way and stop making nanny state laws.
@_date: 2019-06-16 20:50:42
This thread is intentionally aimed at other bitcoiner who seem to take their side for whatever insane reason.
@_date: 2019-12-21 19:24:00
well i posted this one at midnight so it never got read, and then i had to like ya know work and do things, not get insulted on reddit as i usually am. reddit is very time consuming
@_date: 2019-10-31 02:10:04
See this is why reddit is terrible, post like this. Dude. Dude. It's law. It's legal precedent. It comes from precedent, as in it's coming from a set of standards that will be mandated......on all exchanges within given jurisdictions......I get these posts on reddit because people do not understand law, period, they just ...don't understand how law works, and it shows, dear god it shows.
@_date: 2019-12-16 01:57:56
"There's no need for an internet, people just their need own telephone number" Sorry dude, but think about it, every onramp is controlled, its a public blockchain kyced at every endpoint. It's a totalitarian wetdream.
@_date: 2019-12-15 18:22:26
this is exactly what ive been trying to tell people and they don't believe me.
But we do need infrastructure. It won't be bloated. It is the infrastructure. It's bloated now, as isolated fragmented projects that are easy to shut down. I'm talking about a streamlined secondary system, much like the darknet, but as a seperate internet for the blockchain. Face to face networks are effectively a dead end for crypto, if it is that encumbered it will never be adopted, it must be fully digital and international. It simply has to be unseizable. We have a unsiezable coin on a fully siezable infrastructure system. This isn't sustainable.
@_date: 2019-12-15 18:16:07
ok dude there is so much wrong with your post and this is the same stupid fucking posts people make on reddit so I'm going to point this out for the other readers. 
This is what people on reddit always post. They always say nana nana boo boo, you can't catch me government. A childish 12 year old take on the whole thing and the same retarded naive statement. If people using only peer to peer on the corner wallet and so forth was enough to have mass adoption we would have already had it. It clearly isn't, 99,99% of the population isn't going to dl and run a full node. These are the same nonsensical pie in the sky out of touch with reality reddit replies you guys always make.
And I get called a gov kiss ass after making a anti gov post that probably got me on another list. You're retarded.
@_date: 2019-12-15 18:18:22
the financial system is engineered to rely on government however, and much of the concentrated wealth is a result of rent seeking that is impossible without those wallstreet and custodial laws in place. Subjected to full defi, these people would be out of a job.
@_date: 2019-12-21 19:25:30
well i really really like that guys podcast, he has the brightest people on by far, but im not high enough on the foodchain to comment on the things his guest usually do. I work in the industry, but only for myself, so I don't have some company experience, and I'm not really affiliated or old enough to comment on much.
@_date: 2019-12-16 02:00:09
The US is pretty free compared to even EU, but not on crypto laws, they have our asses over barrels when it comes to crypto.
@_date: 2019-12-16 01:59:11
pretty much, so we have to embrace the weasels we are, and weasel out of it
@_date: 2019-12-21 19:23:14
dude that's a weird statement. And not a very healthy one, not everything on the internet is psyops and bots...sounds like paranoia. I got into trading through crypto. I've never worked at any of these institutions.
@_date: 2019-12-21 19:27:24
I don't own any altcoins. But maximalism is incredibly useless from a game theory and technology standpoint. I support alt coins for decentralized game theory utility, which is what ethereum is for.
@_date: 2019-12-16 06:37:47
What you just said makes absolutely no sense The point of a open source protocol or series of protocols like interchain technology is to avoid kyc and corporate onramps and geographical state enforced sanctions and commerce barriers. Bitcoin maximalism is retarded and makes literally no sense from a political economy, cypherpunk, game theory, and technological standpoint
@_date: 2019-12-16 01:54:32
IFPS and things like IFPS, bitcoin satilites, bitcoin dimes, bitcoin mesh networks, There are also decentralized blockchain DNS resolver protocols being made, basically the entire internet backbone is being rendered into a disintermediation, that is the point of this post, complex disintermediated non geographical, TCP, IP, DNS, server processing, server storage, and currency, and matching, everything becomes like btc, non geographical, and we stop using telecom monopolies.
@_date: 2019-12-15 18:27:01
I'm afraid most people aren't aware of these projects or the full idea of what an interchain implies, or what DeFi really will be. I think it's a very obscure poorly understood area currently, and people barely know what is at stake. We really have to operate as though everything can and will be siezed and it must be engineered to be unseizable. And the average crypto noob is just not fully at grasp of the hostility that governments have towards free money. They trust coinbase, and think its something good, without seeing the evil it represents. It's really a facade that gives people an impression of crypto that isnt consistent with what it really is, and the government is going to use that to institute its banking secrecy and geofences in a very devestating manner. The time is now for the bitcoin community to take trace mayer and caitlan long and others serious, these regulators are out to get your keys and they will have to be challenged in the supreme court, it's not a maybe, it's a certainty.
@_date: 2019-12-16 01:56:04
Dai is largely the right direction, tho it doesn't mean they can't or won't be compromised or coopted, but they are the right template. I believe RSK and Plasma will work together, that they must.
@_date: 2019-09-18 01:38:29
the malware is put at the root level, McAfee has explained this about all the porn companies, prime example. Malware can be put on hardware, beneath os on phone and computers, there are even intelligence agency exploits that can jump to network cards, severe memory leak exploits in all AMD/Intel chips, with PSP/ME intelligence agency backdoors, NSA tools stolen and out in the wild with hackers, the SPECTRE exploits on intel chips, etc.
@_date: 2019-09-17 11:59:12
you must always assume any device is malware infected and that phones are rooted with malware, only 2fa and hardware wallets protect against this, and only if you write the mnemonic on paper and never type it on a computer, assume everything is keylogged
@_date: 2019-09-18 01:39:15
preferably multiple geocached copies of engraved metal mnemonics with the last key or a random key left out committed to your own memory
@_date: 2019-09-17 12:06:04
the credit system is evil. by all means report them and do all you can to hurt them for principal, but i myself would rather build a trade bot with something like autoview, use bitcoin atms, buy giftcards w/ btc, bitrefill has amazon giftcards, pay for atnt with bitcoin, use btc as a currency basically in the most anonymous manners, and just not be a part of the banking system. Air bnbs, the fold app to lightning network lets you pay for a number of retail stores with btc, and the UK has Wirex. I'm learning to live without credit, it's just a control system.