@_author: samedhi
@_date: 2015-06-23 23:34:34
He may be conflating "scientific" with "peer reviewed"? I don't know.
Did he seem like a professor? Perhaps he is really doing these presentations in an attempt to justify tenure. The things academics do to gain tenure can often explain seemingly irrational behavior in academics.
Side quest: Since btc evidently does not involve math, get him to explain the blockchain, ledger, hell, any part of btc without using mathematics. If he can do that, he wins, and has made his point.
P.S. The fact that he walked away as you were talking says way more about him than it does about you.
@_date: 2015-06-28 01:09:00
Internal Monologue: "You have to make a point after you say ....
@_date: 2015-06-28 01:25:11
What would that prove? Older gents statement was that btc does not involve maths; that is ludicrous. 
Constraining me to explaining something using only maths seems unrelated? Unless your idea is that by using only formaly verified maths I am "prooving" that btc is a maths. Seems like overkill (assuming even possible).
My only point is that cryptocurrencies easily contain enough math in them to at least be deemed "maths subjects".
@_date: 2014-06-14 20:40:16
51% attack looming...
Oh wait.
@_date: 2014-06-05 20:52:56
I may be miss-remembering, but I also believe that most credit card agreements come with a clause stating that you cannot have a "cash-only" discount relative to credit cards. So, it is not illegal to have a cash-only discount, but it is probably against your credit cards terms of service.
Interested if any lawyery types know for certain if this is true?
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:53:05
Silk Road was also putting honest, hard working, American drug dealers out of business! This stuff doesn't sling itself!
Amidst his trial I think we have forgotten who the real victims are.
These people have families! They have lifestyles to maintain!
@_date: 2011-12-31 15:55:12
* Every client is its own exchange - I think it should be possible to place bid and sell orders on every individual client. The peerless network should negotiate a trade between myself and any other client that meets my buy or sell order. This way people would not need exchanges like MtGox or Tradehill or whatever, they would not need to trust their money to another entity.
* Perfect anonymity - I don't know how you would really do this, but it would be neato.
* Digest of the entire blockchain - It is inconvenient to have to download the entire blockchain of all transactions before I can start using bitcoins. It seems like snapshot hash digest of the blockchain might give me the same security, and allow me to download a logarithmic (through time) digest of the history of the entire blockchain. Basically, I would have all the most recent transactions, but for the ones in the past, I would just have the digest of them. I wonder if this is possible?
@_date: 2011-12-31 15:44:41
Problem with it doing something useful is the "work" it is doing MUST be something that is provably computationally difficult for all (restricted) inputs. There is no general algorithm to determine the complexity of another algorithm. Proving that atom smashing, galaxy balancing, genome sequencing or whatever else you are trying to do is computationally difficult is not currently possible. We think certain computations are difficult because the best of our understanding seems to indicate so, but we don't have a algorithm that just spits out the complexity of things. The "work" currently being done (finding a hash of the "blockchain" that matches certain properties) is understood to be computationally difficult.
Now, if you are just talking about having the bitcoin client capable of doing "computation" work on other side projects, then cool. Yeah, there should be nothing wrong with that. It would be nice to be able to just volunteer 10% of my computation to something worthwhile.
@_date: 2011-12-31 16:03:08
Actually, I don't think it would be that bad a idea. All we are asking is that once every year or so, you send a bc from one of your addresses to another address owned by you. By doing so, you are demonstrating that someone still has control over those bc. If nobody is able to prove control, the network could simply decide that those bc had been permanently lost and uniformly distribute them to miners in the next block payout. So instead of getting 50 for a solved block, some lucky miners might get 70, because 20 bc were deemed to no longer be under anyone's control and were returned to the pool of bc. Seems legit. 