@_author: samlapoint
@_date: 2017-02-08 00:31:56
I've dealt with doubters. It felt bad just having to take it and hope that they are wrong. Now, those doubters are awfully silent while I am awfully excited about the future. 
@_date: 2017-02-04 00:57:10
Shitty editing IS fake news. 
@_date: 2017-02-10 20:44:54
It was down for me for like 10 minutes and then it was back up. 
Worried me a little but I trusted that it would be back up soon and it is now. 
@_date: 2017-02-09 17:05:08
Unless you can show me a Tweet of his that completely contradicts this one he made, then you're a freaking liar. He seems to suggest otherwise in this Tweet.
@_date: 2017-03-03 15:34:17
I remember wondering if $36 a Bitcoin was too high. 
@_date: 2017-01-05 15:26:21
This seems like a reactionary drop that will subside fairly quick. Even if it's not I don't really care. I'm playing it smart and holding for the long run. 
@_date: 2017-01-05 15:31:11
I bought during the dip. Now it's going back up. Whoo! :) 
@_date: 2017-01-16 15:13:08
I don't understand how they don't understand what you're saying. It is common sense. 
Every time someone drives a car, for example, they KNOW that there is a risk that they could get into a wreck. That's the risk of driving in itself. But people drive every day without concern because they consider that risk low and therefore, they are "bullish" about driving, you could say. It's simple. Anyone incapable of understanding this basic, elementary logic, is a fool. 
@_date: 2017-01-05 16:05:03
My friend who is new to Bitcoin heard it dropped and was freaking out and I was like naw dude, this is awesome. Time to buy. Just bought during the dip. Now it's rising again. Whoo :) Playing that long game bros. 
@_date: 2017-01-16 15:19:36
That's because you CAN'T explain it since it isn't contradictory at all.
Imagine you're about to take a drive. You get into the car knowing that there is a small but very real statistical likelihood of getting into a wreck, whether by your fault or another's, but you drive anyway. Why do you drive? You drive because, despite the low chance of wrecking, there is an even higher chance that you won't wreck, as long as you drive safely, so you've got a low risk and high reward statistical situation here. That means you are free to be bullish about the high statistical advantage despite being aware of the low statistical chance of wrecking. It's simple. So simple. It's elementary logic. 
@_date: 2017-01-05 15:10:32
I am not worried. I will hold for the long game. But I do not feel as if this is a real bubble about to burst. I think this is a short reactionary drop that will quickly subside. The bull run will continue. 
@_date: 2017-01-15 16:01:12
This is exactly how I am. I just make small regular and occasionally bigger purchases, hold my BTC, and inform others. 
@_date: 2017-01-12 03:20:43
A key thing outside of this article is that the recent Global Trends report from the National Intelligence Council would indicate that this is the time to invest in Bitcoin, Gold, and Silver. It foresees a lot of slow growth and economic instability combined with high tension periods between China, Russia, and the U.S. This is the time, folks. Get in and invest while you can. 
@_date: 2016-12-31 00:34:56
@_date: 2017-01-13 23:31:32
I am sure there will be resistance to cryptocurrency but this is a very positive sign that cryptocurrency will be accepted in the future and even potentially mainstream. 
@_date: 2019-10-23 09:41:37
Even the China crackdown wasn't enough to stop the bull market, so this is absurd. Back then, it was becoming obvious that the bubble had to pop soon, that it couldn't just keep going. It wasn't any one thing, in particular, that popped the bubble. It was multiple things but above all, the sheer fact that Bitcoin had a crazy bull run and what goes up must come down. Simple as that.
@_date: 2019-10-26 09:13:08
I read Edward Snowden's book as soon as it hit the self.  In his book, he mentions that he was a fan of anime and that he also use to go on online forums under many different avatars. In fact, he had mentioned that it was one of his favorite aspects of the early days of the internet, the anonymous nature of it.   
Given his familiarity with the blockchain space, the fact that he's a fan of anime, admitted to loving being an anonymous forum dweller, and just Tweeted that, it might seriously be Edward Snowden!
@_date: 2018-06-15 06:17:05
I get the impression that people think Bannon is crazy because the mainstream media told them to believe that. They have not actually taken a look at his works or seriously examined the figure.
Bannon is a very intelligent person, just look as his career. A dumb and-or crazy person doesn't transfer from a successful military career straight into Goldman Saches and then the White House while also being capable of understanding the value of something like Bitcoin. 
I don't agree with everything he says and I do think he went unhinged after being outed from the Trump circle but it's obvious that he simply falls on the spectrum of nationalism over globalism, something that's very debatable and certainly not a concluded subject. He's not crazy.   
Personally, I was hoping that Bannon, Thiel, and others would help guide the Trump Administration down the right path regarding regulation or lack-thereof in the crypto-space. I just hope our government makes the right choice and doesn't stifle blockchain development. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 16:21:13
I can totally relate, man. 
I was running numbers one day, on paper, calculating potential returns and such and one of my nosy co-workers asked what I was doing. I explained in full, all the potential and how revolutionary this all is, showed her the charts and such, and she was like "Oh, okay, and seemed somewhat interested". A couple days later when I was doing the same thing, she's like "Oh, you and your digital monies" in this tone, as if it's some irrelevant hobby or something. Man, she has no idea. So many people have no clue what's going on. These people's naivety and unwillingness to learn is what's keeping them down in life and they have no clue. 
What's even worse is that some are really interested but too afraid to take the risk. One coworker I had was totally interested in it and even started learning about Ethereum. It was $7 then. I told him if he threw even just $500 into Ethereum he could get major returns because it has a lot of potential. That would be around $20,000 right now. I bought some myself at $7-11. Unfortunately, I sold halfway through the major rise to pay for things for my newborn baby. I have no regrets, I love my baby so much, and I'm well on my way to retaining my portfolio. 
I just wish more people understood. This shit is life changing. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 10:35:07
"Buying currencies is not investing..." 
Investing is investing, whether it's stocks, bonds, gold, silver, Bitcoin long, or even water. Yes, I said water. 
Bitcoin long is currently 'one of the most crowded trades'. Sounds no different than investing in the long term potential of tech. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:43:44
You are wrong according to the definition of invest and the epistemology of the word invest. You are trying to self-impose a modern cultural perception of what it means to 'invest' in something, which does not properly fit the definition which is a simple and loose term expressing the concept of expending money on something with the expectation that you will receive a return. Historically, the term was not used in reference to bonds or stocks, as a way of creating a 'stream of income'. You're trying to make the word invest more technical than it has been epistemologically. 
If you were right, the word invest would be defined something like "To put money in stocks or bonds with the expectation of creating a stream of income" or something to that effect. However, it was not that specific and historically, it never has been. Again, attempting to impose some silly cultural perception of what it means to invest, and this has nothing to do with whether something provides a stream of income 'generative' income or whether it's a one-time profit, we're just talking about the definition itself and what it means to invest, not the nature of the return of the investment. 
Anyway, I love how people seem to think to buy gold or silver or cryptocurrency is simply based on speculation. No, it isn't. Personally, I read reports like the National Intelligence Council's Global Trends reports which creates a consensus based on the intelligence of various nations and experts to create a basis for decisions to buy or sell certain things. It isn't always difficult to tell where things are going geopolitically, sometimes it's even an obvious time to buy gold. That isn't speculation, it's common sense and intel reports creating a reliable consensus. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 10:26:20
"I don't think it's the Chinese who are panicking, I think it's the Americans"
The Chinese are known to be panicky in trading, this has been well-established in the Bitcoin community. The trade volume also confirms this, prices are much lower there right now. Also, many media outlets inside and close to China have said they are panicking. Of course, there are also many YouTube channels with connections to China, like Boxmining, who have said they are panicking. Don't just assume things, look at trade volumes and exchange prices. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 23:10:08
Thank you. I'm a news junkie with everything I'm invested in, mentally and financially, but it's really difficult to keep track of all that's developing in crypto, almost as difficult as keeping track with geopolitics. 
@_date: 2017-09-30 07:32:19
It's crazy you mentioned that. Tom Price is out. News broke 4-5 hours ago. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 10:26:20
"I don't think it's the Chinese who are panicking, I think it's the Americans"
The Chinese are known to be panicky in trading, this has been well-established in the Bitcoin community. The trade volume also confirms this, prices are much lower there right now. Also, many media outlets inside and close to China have said they are panicking. Of course, there are also many YouTube channels with connections to China, like Boxmining, who have said they are panicking. Don't just assume things, look at trade volumes and exchange prices. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 18:12:25
It isn't really a 'hope' if you have a valid basis for buying into something, though technically, it is speculative in nature since it isn't a 100% guarantee. So, I agree in that way. Anyway, the only reason I even bothered to post was that it seemed silly to play semantics with the word invest. It's always been used generally in the same context. 
@_date: 2017-09-30 06:27:54
In the Global Trends report from the National Intelligence Council, they lump AI, cryptocurrency, the blockchain, and IoT together. I do think they understand the differences but they tend to lump it all into categories, like tech, geopolitics, economics, environmentalism etc. Either way, the Global Trends report made it clear that the upper echelon is going to accept these type of developments, not stifle them. People seem to think that governments and banks are going to converge and hammer these innovations but I think it's actually the opposite. In the document, it talks about how the U.S. government and economies will become more diversified and decentralized. To me, that suggests a positive outcome. It will just take time for governments and officials to really understand this stuff, just like it took time with the internet.
@_date: 2019-09-27 10:28:07
The most reputable exchanges are Coinbase, Kraken, Gemini, and Poloniex, in my opinion ( although others would agree ). There are also well known apps, such as the Cash App or Robinhood ( Robinhood also allows you to buy stocks ). If there are particular assets you wish to invest in outside of Bitcoin, check exchange market listings.
Since you're new, I'd recommend either Coinbase or Gemini if you prefer desktop access. If you prefer mobile phone, the Cash App is a great choice which you can also get a customization Debit Card for. I have never heard of Coinberry. However, Cash App is highly reputable. It was founded by the Square company and is lead by the CEO of Twitter, Jack Dorsey. Cash App is often featured as a sponsor for many of the biggest podcasts, such as The Joe Rogan Experience.
If you're familiar with the stock market ( charts, indicators, etc. ) and have experience with other investment platforms, such as Fidelity or Vanguard, perhaps you would prefer a more advanced exchange such as Poloniex.
All reputable exchanges require KYC verification, which means providing your name, address, and other information. Why? Because the government expects you to pay your taxes. Not all exchanges require linking your bank, though. For example, on Coinbase, you can simply use a Debit Card.
By the way, I was also afraid at first. Then again, things were sketchier back then. lol But the KYC process is no different than the KYC required for investing in stocks via Vanguard, Fidelity, etc... In fact, Fidelity is looking into cryptocurrencies right now. Perhaps, they will offer them in the near future.
@_date: 2017-09-15 10:35:07
"Buying currencies is not investing..." 
Investing is investing, whether it's stocks, bonds, gold, silver, Bitcoin long, or even water. Yes, I said water. 
Bitcoin long is currently 'one of the most crowded trades'. Sounds no different than investing in the long term potential of tech. 
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:43:44
You are wrong according to the definition of invest and the epistemology of the word invest. You are trying to self-impose a modern cultural perception of what it means to 'invest' in something, which does not properly fit the definition which is a simple and loose term expressing the concept of expending money on something with the expectation that you will receive a return. Historically, the term was not used in reference to bonds or stocks, as a way of creating a 'stream of income'. You're trying to make the word invest more technical than it has been epistemologically. 
Anyway, I love how people seem to think to buy gold or silver or cryptocurrency is simply based on speculation. No, it isn't. Personally, I read reports like the National Intelligence Council's Global Trends reports which creates a consensus based on the intelligence of various nations and experts to create a basis for decisions to buy or sell certain things. It isn't always difficult to tell where things are going geopolitically, sometimes it's even an obvious time to buy gold. That isn't speculation, it's common sense and intel reports creating a reliable consensus. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 19:47:21
Mark, it has come to my attention over the years that many behind the scenes seem to suspect that Jed McCaleb is Satoshi? Do you share that suspicion? Had it ever crossed your mind? 