@_author: sammaelalthor
@_date: 2018-07-19 21:20:18
You’re correct, “money” gets its value from use. In countries such as Venezuela, or Greece for instance where their government backed fiat has failed, how is that system better than a finite source that is decentralized from a government? If people continue to agree that bitcoin or any crypto has value over time it will gain adoption and use cases. As the US federal reserve keeps inflating it’s money and is backed by ONLY peoples naive trust in a government system, more and more people will continue turning to other monetary systems. As more countries around the world watch as their “faith backed” currencies fail and economies crash people will continue to look for better stores of value and better systems not inflated by their shitty governments.
Or they won’t. That’s always an option. I could always be wrong. The naivety and not understanding that it’s an option is just ignorance however.
As far as cryptos not being backed, I don’t think you understand what bitcoin or crypto currencies actually are. Use the google. But you’re right,  They aren’t “backed” by a government telling you what something is worth. Thank fuck.
As far as the volatility, you’re watching something in its infancy. It’s an unregulated market, and it is going to be volatile for years I would assume. Right now with minimal use cases the prices are based mostly upon speculation. 
I could be wrong and maybe I and a lot of others will lose some money over the next 10 years. It’s hard to predict the future. But if you don’t understand the foundation or simply disagree that what is currently in its infancy could develop into a global currency with mass adopted use cases than that’s your prerogative and opinion. 
I don’t know the timeline, no one does, but I’m betting on decentralized currency to be the future standard. I’m not putting all my eggs in one basket. But if you think this is a fad and it’s going to go away some time soon, I’m betting strongly against that.
Best of luck though.
@_date: 2018-07-15 03:15:12
Oh for fucks mother. I started this laughing and saying there is a 0 chance of any sort of reasonable amount of companies that will pay salaries in crypto in the next year. I then said I could see the POSSIBILITY within 5 years of a significant portion of companies offering to pay employees in crypto. Not saying it is going to happen. But I can see scenarios where it could play out that it happens. 
Yes it’s guesswork. All of the language I’ve used. Everything I’m saying is that I could see it AS A POSSIBILITY. I don’t know where the tech will be at in 5 years. I don’t know where government based fiat will be at in 5 years. It’s all a fucking guess you asshat.
What am I off base with? I think crypto currencies will become a viable solution to fixing the fiat system around the world at some point? Am I off base by saying “maybe in this time line I could see the possibility but it probably won’t happen, but it might.”
Like I originally thought, you’re being a cunt. I’m simply saying it’s a possibility. And it is. Just stop.
@_date: 2018-07-15 01:21:17
I could give you a list as well. But I could see some companies within 5 years OFFERING not only paying, but giving the option to take payment in either BTC or another crypto. 
Is that really that crazy? I’m not saying it will. I’m saying I could see it going that way. If I didn’t I wouldn’t be investing in crypto currency. Or are you just purposefully being a cunt?
@_date: 2018-07-15 01:42:03
I could list reasons why it would be an option and also reasons why it would not be. 
You started this “argument” based on me saying to someone that companies paying people in BTC or crypto in the next 6-12 months is an insane thought. Say 5-10% if companies within 5 years OFFERING to pay salaries in some crypto whether it be BTC or another doesn’t seem crazy to me at all. Adoption and sensationalized approaches in crypto have been forming over the past two years. In 5 years I don’t know where we will be, but in a lot of countries that already have failing fiat I don’t see the leap in logic I’m taking being that massive.  
If you’d like an actual list of pros and cons you’ll have to wait til I’m sober and feel like doing it tomorrow. 
@_date: 2018-07-21 00:24:42
Sometimes it’s hard to take a step back. I check my balances and the prices maybe 10 times a day. And I stress about trying to $ cost average my coins, while constantly adding to my longer term holds. I start feeling the panic when multiple days in a row my portfolio is -7.. -9... then it pulls a -14.7% day and I’m searching everywhere for answers.
It’s a long game. It’s early. Quit being an emotional bitch. That’s my new mantra.
@_date: 2018-07-15 00:59:33
“Not far off” I could see companies offering it within the next 5 years.
@_date: 2018-07-14 20:01:06
Love the optimism, but until actual mass adoption happens and I can spend BTC at gas stations, grocery stores, etc. this isn’t going to happen.
@_date: 2018-07-14 23:46:52
Exactly. Then I have to buy more BTC. And the bitpay Route is a shortcut until actual adoption happens. The OPTION to take salary in BTC or any crypto currency may not be far off. But for it being the majority of working people (within 6 months to a year) is an insane thought. 
@_date: 2018-07-15 03:44:06
I drink whiskey.
I can elaborate, I’m simply not. You’re being a dick off of me saying “maybe this could happen”. I’m not sure why that needs expounded upon. I don’t understand how me laughing at something someone else said, and me saying maybe in a 5 year period it is a possibility has spawned into this. 
But yes, I think crypto currencies will be a viable solution in the future. I think that printed monies from governments without actual backing of any kind have the chance to fail or decline. When this happens, I have no idea. If it’ll happen, I have no idea. 
The entirety of everything I’ve said is “ifs” as you stated. Wasn’t claiming otherwise. 
Why I’m wasting my time responding is what I’m more curious about at this point, but you got me I guess. 