@_author: samoyed
@_date: 2011-08-27 06:05:59
Have you actually followed the bitcoin as it goes through those trade walls?  They tend to disappear right before the price drops to that level.  I'm not sure if it's just bots moving to lower levels or artificial manipulation, but the trade walls aren't really worth anything.
@_date: 2011-07-31 16:44:57
This is what happens when people with no relevant expertise (i.e. 99% of us) get involved with something because they sense a market opportunity.  I doubt anyone behind the major exchanges has actual work experience in finance, or in the security requirements needed to provide financial services.  Only instead of their failures adding to the list of defunct start-ups, it's our money that's being lost.
Someone could make a killing if they made an actual professional exchange.  Anyone who's used MTGox or Dwolla knows they're not in the same league as online banks- and if the front-ends look so shaky, there's no doubt that the back-ends are full of holes as well.
The thing to remember is that bitcoin is still in its infancy.  If bitcoin is around 5 years from now, I have no doubts that the kinks will be worked out.  But until then, we're all early-adopters, with all the related risks.
@_date: 2011-08-03 04:44:33
You're raising a non-sequitur yourself.  I have thought this through, and come to the same conclusions as the OP.  For better or for worse, people will take advantage of each other at every available opportunity.  It's why we have locks on doors, and why stock exchanges are regulated.  It's also why all animals place such a high importance on reputations.
Remove any sort of oversight, and you get something worse than 'average' human behavior- you get people actively trying to take advantage of this anonymity.  With the non-bitcoin economy, if someone takes advantage of me, I have numerous ways of getting reimbursed- chargebacks, legal recourse, etc.  With bitcoin, there's nothing, and the scammers know it.  
Many (most?) people involved in bitcoin are there to make money.  They read about it during the run-up to $30, and think that if they persevere, or have a novel idea, they'll strike it rich.  Look at the posts  in this forum- mining, MTGox, investment advice, etc.  There's almost nobody trying to make bitcoin into a mainstream currency.  Bitcoin as an idea, and bitcoin in practice are two very separate things right now, and the reason is simple: the people.
@_date: 2011-06-23 07:12:20
Donation links are one of the worst things about bitcoin.  You combine all the annoyances of a signature and spam.  Can't we get them banned in this subreddit, at least?
@_date: 2011-06-25 17:56:22
It seems like their security was pretty laughable before.  I don't know anything about TradeHill's security, but it seems like the main problem with MT Gox is that they're in over their heads with the programming and security issues.  Barring some new hires, the root of the problem isn't going to change.
@_date: 2011-06-12 05:11:01
From what I've read, Newegg is sold out of AMDs.  It stands to reason that if the market implodes, there will be a flood of people looking to sell their graphics cards.  You might have some luck since you didn't buy the most mainstream ones, *so long as your cards still have value.*  If you sell your cards in the short-term, they won't have depreciated too much.  But what happens if, in 8 months, there's another paradigm shift in mining, or Nvidia releases the latest and greatest card, making yours lose 3/4 of its value?  You won't be sitting on top of the mining pool anymore, *and* your cards won't be worth much.
This seems to be the problem with investing tons of money in hardware.  One miner said his profits were going down 3% a day, as the number of miners increases exponentially.  This will only get worse with each difficulty increase- your cards will be worth less and less, *and* newer cards will come online.
I figure that, having spent so much money, you have a decent answer- I'm genuinely curious at how this model is profitable in the long run.
@_date: 2011-06-16 05:04:34
I have a 4850 that gets me 0.2 BTC/day (70Mhash/s).  My computer's on all day anyway, so it's about $4 of profit/day.
@_date: 2011-06-12 05:37:50
But then you get into a feedback loop: as people take their computers offline, the difficulty goes down and the worth of any single computer goes up.  If BitCoin crashes, the resell market for graphics cards implodes too.  The way I see it, people who invest thousands of dollars into mining machines at this stage are more aggressive than most.  I would imagine that the small-timers will go back to using their computers for other purposes, while the hardcore one will double down on their investments.  If they're right, and the market rises again, they'll have a larger share of the pie than they would have had without the volatility.
@_date: 2011-09-15 03:23:00
Those first two prices are way too high for a used product that's been running 24/7 for months.  I could pay $50 more to get one new.
@_date: 2011-08-27 06:09:22
Actually, it's pretty easy to do just that.  The reasoning is pretty simple- I sell a bunch of stock, others panic and do the same, and the market drops even further.  Then I buy back the stock, at a much lower price.  In a market as small as this one, it doesn't take much to move the market and beat the loss of transaction fees.
@_date: 2011-09-12 02:27:10
I haven't heard of a single person getting an order filled above $7.50 or below $4.50.  I would say it's just a glitch except it happened again right after this post was made, and I would expect/hope that MtGox would have closed the market if he couldn't figure out what is going on.  
The response from his [website]( just says, 


Maybe he's busy figuring out what to do with the Bitcointalk forums, but between this, the rollback a few months ago, and the hacking, it's starting to seem like there's always a 24+ hour delay between the users noticing a problem and MtGox actually responding to it.
@_date: 2011-06-11 07:41:28
...so how do you explain the current crash?
@_date: 2011-06-12 18:04:47
You might not be interested, but having the government's backing is good for the long-term.  If Bitcoin fails, it'll be from what's tripped up everything from gangsters to international corporations: taxes.  In the US, exchange of Bitcoins for a good or service is bartering, and subject to tax laws.  Until there's a simple way for companies to pay taxes from profits made off Bitcoins, it's not going to be adopted by mainstream companies.
@_date: 2011-06-12 20:32:10
I think it's a neat idea, that's all.  It's interesting to me because there are such diverse interests behind it, and there's definitely the potential to succeed and become the Next Big Thing.  Whether that comes to fruition is a different story.
@_date: 2011-09-18 17:14:53
I think Bitcoin will remain a niche product.  It offers no features for the average consumer, and if it did somehow become popular, the government would go after it by attacking the large businesses that use it.  I think the $30 spike was caused by the Gawker article in June and increased awareness, and that all of the conventional 'early adopters' already know about it.  Without new investors, the price will continue to stagnate, but with stagnating prices, it won't attract new investors.
@_date: 2011-09-11 04:50:37
This is definitely true.  The level of discourse on the Bitcointalk forums is up there with Youtube comments.  Even here, if you dare to post something critical of Bitcoin (and by this I mean the community and the economics behind it, not the concept itself), you'll be downvoted.  At least on the Silk Road, you have people actually *doing* something with Bitcoins- not making pyramid schemes, lottos, and investment predictions.  And so they've had to confront the problems of a fledgling economy- how to judge reputation, how to prevent fraud, etc. while the Bitcointalk forums get into a troll war with Something Awful and discuss where to hold their next convention.
Even now, over on the Silk Road they're trying to figure out what to do about hedged escrow- in theory it protects buyers and sellers alike, but in practice it means that then the BTC drops precipitously as it has in the past few days, sellers lose 30%+ of their profits.  
If you want to 'save' Bitcoin, go out and make it useful.  Go onto Silk Road and start selling legal items (or better yet, make your own website that doesn't have the negative stigma of selling drugs).  If Paypal sucks so much, go out and make a Bitcoin-funded Ebay.  Don't waste your time trying to figure out whether it's inflationary or deflationary and how its value ties to the kilowatt hour.  Figure out a way for my mom to get a Bitcoin that doesn't involve her wiring money, setting up three different accounts on three different websites, or waiting a week.  Figure out how I can get money into/out of an account on weekends.  If you're so convinced that Bitcoin 'as a concept' is sound, then stop debating the concepts and move on to the implementation.
@_date: 2011-08-07 04:24:31
If it were the wolves of Wall Street investing, the sums involved would be much, much higher.  With $100,000, I could drive up the price of Bitcoins $2 right now.  Besides, people on Wall Street are already making enormous sums in their day jobs.  
The current investors are the same early-adopters you always find in tech- guys in their 20s and 30s who have a couple of hundred or thousand dollars to throw at the next big thing.
@_date: 2011-06-23 07:32:54
Done!  I can only hope you donate to me in return; after all, it was my idea.
@_date: 2011-09-07 22:56:47
Fine, replace hoarding with 'keeping out of circulation.'  The effect is the same when enough people do it, regardless of what your personal reasons are.
@_date: 2011-09-12 02:29:41
The green line is the price.  According to the charts, the price/BTC varied from $4 to $12.50 within a matter of minutes.  Earlier today, the charts actually had a high of $16.  The only way these price fluctuations could happen legitimately is if everyone who had a buy/sell order between the low and the high had their bids fulfilled, but nobody's actually reported a transaction at either end of the price range.
@_date: 2011-06-20 16:25:09
I'm in the same boat.  I have a MTGox and Dowalla account, my email is in the .csv...and yet, no spam, and no email from Google.  I did get the original MTGox email, so I don't know what's up.
@_date: 2011-06-24 02:45:32
Usually, when two people from the same company and with the same interests talk to each other about how great their product is, we don't call it an interview.  We call it an advertisement.
@_date: 2011-06-12 19:05:31
Part of the crash coincided with a lot of things: a major sell-off, the weekend's low trade volume, Lulzsec posts, delays in transferring money, an influx of new posters at the Bitcoin forums, and connectivity problems at MtGox.  There's no way of knowing which factors played a role, and furthermore there's no way of knowing which started the trend, and which were started by the trend.
I don't necessarily trust the government, but I recognize that there are a hundred ways it could nip this in the bud.  All they have to do is go after the exchange sites, and poof!  No way to get money into or out of the system, and the scheme collapses.  If it's going to succeed, it has to go from being a speculative tool to something with mainstream applications.  And that's not going to happen until there is, at the very least, a taxation method in place.
This isn't really a matter about having government backing per se.  Not paying taxes on goods and services received is a crime, and the precedent and infrastructure is already there to persecute it.  We can't stick our heads in the sand and ignore what's going to become a very real problem.  These difficulties are already the reason why it's so hard to get money into the system, and they're not going to go away once Bitcoin gains momentum.
@_date: 2011-08-31 20:51:59
There is a large contingent of people who want to defend him, for some reason or another.  If you go to the Bitcointalk forums, any mention of this is immediately moved to off-topic.  One of the mods has called people who are attacking him 'homophobes' in an attempt to deflect the issue.  They seem to think that everyone who attacks Bruce is a troll from the SomethingAwful forums, even though they're posting public information.