@_author: samrebus
@_date: 2013-04-14 06:19:01
Volatility will continue for as long as this amateur system remains as-is. Bitcoin is a fine idea, but everything around it is screwed up because it has been thought up by computer geeks who have no clue about finance and business. It has been thought up as a free market idea, but there is nothing free market about it. It is being manipulated by all sorts of interests. Market is very shallow, anything is possible.
The biggest problem is exchanges, both big and little ones. They are trying to be both places for trading and the currency exchange. But in real life these roles are separated for very good reason and function very differently.
 
Imagine you want to travel from US to Australia and need some Australian dollars. Under current bitcoin model you would have to open forex trading account, transfer some of your US$, purchase AU$ and transfer them to your wallet somehow. In real life you don't do this of course. You just buy foreign exchange from your bank or street corner currency exchange business. They in turn will trade currency on forex market.
Forex trading only happens in fixed lot sizes, usually 100K or mini lot 10K. Not Bitcoin, no no, we have to make it accessible to everyone, even micro transactions of $0.01 which generate huge volume and crash MtGox and others. Micro transactions are also used for slow shifting of current market price in your favor if you have large Sell or Buy order. You can actually make current price look different and accelerate the rise or fall by executing series of small trades. 
I also suspect that exchanges themselves run these small transactions to buy or sell to themselves, because under current model exchanges are biggest beneficiaries of rising price, remember they charge percentage of the trade. They have both means and motive. And who is going to catch them? SEC is not looking over their shoulder, this market is completely unregulated.
In traditional exchanges, small transactions are prevented by one of two mechanisms: fixed minimum lot size (forex) or fixed transaction fee (stocks). They do it to maintain order, not to be elitist. This stuff is time tested and derived from centuries of experience, but libertarian/anarchists that lead the bitcoin charge would rather throw it all away. They just don't understand that free market needs to be protected. Right now it is wild west.
@_date: 2013-04-16 00:12:37
E-trade is not trying to be retail currency exchange and investment trading platform at the same time. You can trade futures with e-trade, but you would not buy a small contract for pork bellies any time you want some bacon with your breakfast. Bitcoin exchanges are trying to do just that, retail and trading in one place. This will kill bitcoin if not fixed ASAP. These roles must be separated just like with fiat currency, there is a very good reason for it. 
@_date: 2013-04-14 06:52:30
Traditional time tested exchange model is based on flat transaction fee. It prevents micro transactions and bring some order to the process. Exchange cannot be both for traders and for consumers.
But currently exchanges benefit from percentage model. They are also benefiting from price rise.
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:37:24
Tell this to the Enron investors.
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:09:19
I have a question, just don't laugh. Are we supposed to pay income tax or capital gains tax on profit we make from bitcoin trading?
@_date: 2013-04-09 17:41:21
Absence of shorting in this market is what keeps pushing the price higher and higher. shorting would be healthy as long as they do not allow naked shorting. But they probably will because the only way to stop it is regulation through SEC and have not heard anything about their involvement.
Naked shorting will crash this market in a hurry. What we need is retail banks and currency exchange firms to get involved and make it easier for ordinary folks to purchase coins. 