@_author: samuraiseven
@_date: 2014-03-05 14:45:35
To someone who is simply logging on and then being asked by BTCe to unlock 2factor to login, he seemed to take the necessary steps of emailing BTCe and asking questions. The response he was given seems like a miscommunication. A definite language barrier. It appeared at first glance that BTCe misinterpreted his original email explaining the popup, and they went ahead and unlocked. This is not the OPs fault. If this was the case for me and I was eventually able to log back in after a week, I don't know if I would immediately turn on 2FA again. Seeing as how he had to wait (and receiving the popup from BTCe) I would assume BTCe needs it off for use and then I would try to investigate.  Yes it does appear that prior to his knowledge his yahoo acct had been hacked and BTCe disabled 2FA as per hackers request. With no 2FA and a hacked email, its all too simple.
I sympathize for the OP, because he seemed to have all the proper security measures in place with BTCe. And if you are trading on a daily basis, then you need your coins online.  This is the first time I heard yahoo had such weak security, so that appears to be the only mistake.   If a hacker is using your email and deleting all alerts from BTCe then you're screwed.  
But in regards to BTCe, the second largest exchange should step up the professionalism (and subsequently the security) and hire people (not machines) that can actively translate and respond to emails received in English.  "Unlok" your account?!?   This is disgusting.
@_date: 2014-03-30 12:04:36
I've bought at 550 last year, and everything slightly higher and lower since. Maybe even bought around 800. And holding for sure.  Any time I want to lose hope, I don't look at  graphs, I just read message boards. Its painful sometimes.
One guy who introduced me to bitcoin bought a couple hundred @ .19¢, sold around $1000 , but then ended up getting hacked for $90k. What's worse is that he declared gains, and was getting ready to pay taxes, and then got hacked.  Not very fun times u could say.
But he's still buying and so am I.  Have to let go to the emotional attachment associated with bitcoin. And if you put money in that you can't afford to lose, this probably isn't the "investment opportunity" you hoped for.
My perspective, this is super cheap and would be a good time to buy and spend it online too. Buy some things for god sake! That's the point.