@_author: sandwichmacao
@_date: 2015-12-12 19:41:59
Very nice links and inquiry, thank you for your efforts. In my dream world, there would be a collection of all (proven and not) docs, emails, screens etc, all related to Craig, with the aim of making it easier to make up someone's mind. 
It's been a couple of days already, but I am still obsessed with all this CSW-Satoshi thing. Btw, I tried to contact Craig on Linkedin, but a couple of hours later he deleted his account, and my account got frozen for some reason :-/
So many questions that I have and so little info. On of the questions is about that panel.
What was his personal motivation to appear on that panel? 
1) Some say, it was a part of his mastermind plan to make the world believes he is Satoshi. Was it? I am not sure. 
Craig is extremely bright and he could have done something more convincing. The whole video he was evasive about what and why (but not evasive enough for people to pay notice and start thinking, why is this guy acts like that, what is he hiding etc), but he talked a l o t about tulips (actually so much, that it was already more like trolling or some secret message perhaps?). 
Even if he is trying to pretend to be Satoshi, the next question to ask is why? Why would he do that? Again, I believe CSW is an educated (overeducated, as someone said) man, who clearly thinks outside the box. And then he decides to pretend to be Satoshi (knowing that Satoshi is someone else and he, Craig, could easily be debunked by the real Satoshi). It just doesn't make sense. All this "he pretends to be Satoshi" doesn't make sense at all. 
Then why was he on that panel? It was not for fun, 'cause Craig, according to his blog, early understood the value of time (hence amazing achievements with his education and certs). Maybe we should pay attention to what he actually says on that panel? Clearly if he is not there for fun, he is there to say something. Should we pay attention to what he says? He is there to tell us that we can do so much more with this technology, that we should think outside the box, that tulips bubble was not a bubble (but reallocation of resources?), that he is in London (Why? I mean it is known that he is about to start his new master at University of London, but could there be something else?), that he has been involved in Bitcoins for a long time, that he has a supercomputer and he is moving it to Iceland and that's actually it. I should rewatch the video. You have some ideas?
Anyway, I don't have answers, but I have a lot of questions, and I will dig deeper. I will start collecting all available info that is there, please help me with links if you want. Does anyone have his complete blog? 
I hope you are as excited as I am.