@_author: sandsurfngbomber
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:51:22
Thank you for the detailed reply. I suppose I haven't kept up with the development potential enough and with the massive hype going on currently it's getting harder to keep focus. 
I get the value in decentralization, cross-border exchanges etc. But to most people those things don't really matter. Not everyone is pissed off at the banks to the point where they are willing to ditch their banks or add another layer between their transactions. To me the only real reason to hold onto something like BTC would be the hope that down the road people really do transact with it. Outside of political ideologies, the real benefit here should be reduced costs for mom-and-pop shops for using bitcoin over credit/debit. If the network upgrades can address that, we can really begin to look at is a potential contender for digital payments. What concerns me is the ability for PayPal/Chase/BAML/Wells Fargo collaborating and making movement of money seamless across all major banks (kinda like they did with Quickpay). If they can adapt blockchain for greater efficiencies, they can even cut their own costs to merchants and users - further reducing the need for the average Joe to transact with Bitcoin/alts. 
At that point it just becomes a store of value which does have an important role in the global economy but that shifts the price dynamics of it quite a bit IMO.  
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:33:54
I'm pro blockchain and crytocurrencies but I'm finding these values hard to stomach at current adoption levels. And please elaborate on the coffee debate - I'm out of the loop on these discussions and would love to learn how bitcoin is feasible in practical scenarios 
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:08:45
What percentage of the world's population does that actually impact? As it stands right now I can't go to a coffee shop here in Chicago and buy a cup with bitcoin due to the fees and clogged network...
@_date: 2019-08-09 10:28:32
Yeah I'm calling total bs on JPM not requiring college degrees for IB. That's one of the most sought after positions in finance/econ and comes with tremendous workload and stress. Like most places in finance, nepotism and networking do play a role in hiring but there is no way a 20yo with zero college creds is simply walking into IB and running some multi-bullion dollar selll-side deal.
Edit: Souce: IB grad
@_date: 2019-08-09 13:52:33
Well that's one of the positions where college debt is easily justified. IB analysts at Bulge bracket make ~$120k for first year. Boutique banks land you anywhere from 70k-100k depending on dealflow. After a couple years you can easily have all debt paid off and have some decent savings even if you walk out with six figure debt (assuming a lifestyle within means). From there chances of private equity, hedge fund, solid MBA become a lot more achievable and significantly increase one's income trajectory. 
That being said, not everyone can make it into the position and of course best schools/programs/network gets priority. The work and hours are not easy and many burnout.