@_author: sandrahawkins1477
@_date: 2019-03-05 09:24:48
Please beware there are many fake bitcoin mining/clouding out there, I got scammed twice before I met a genius hacker who helped retrieve my bitcoin. The whole plan was so smooth I could not doubt it. Bitcoin is actually a great investment option but one thing I discovered over time is that it is not possible to mine bitcoin so don’t be deceived. I invested $25000 on a particular website called eurekaminingblock, I monitored the profit yielding but got locked out of the account before I could withdraw. I went online and met this hacker bitcoinretrievalgenius who helped me retrieve my bitcoins back in few hours. You saved my life and I will forever be grateful. I referred my friends whom we got scammed together right away and they got help too. You can contact bitcoinretrievalgenius gmail com. Thank me later!
@_date: 2019-03-04 19:52:53
Most binary options companies out there are fraudulent. They are all scams. I have been a victim of their activities. I invested about $175,000 and when i wanted to withdraw after some weeks, I was unable to reach their contact numbers or emails with which we stayed in touch. I assumed they were having some maintenance routing check, as that had happened in the past. After some weeks, I was contacted again by them and was asked to invest which i refused and told them i wanted to withdraw my money. After this, i didn’t hear from them again. At this point, I started to feel like i had been duped. I was lost and shattered as i had lost most of my savings. I was depressed for about 4 months. I was too ashamed to tell anyone about it, not even my children. I finally summoned the courage to tell my friend who came to visit me in the UK from New Zealand. He told me about a firm which specializes on helping get money back called bitcoin retrieval genius. I contacted them and was guided to recovering most of my money. I was a great feeling to get some of my money back, as i had given up all [hope.You]( can also contact him via
Email-bitcoinretrievalgenius at gmail dot com.
@_date: 2019-03-04 19:29:30
Please beware there are many fake bitcoin mining/clouding out there, I got scammed twice before I met a genius hacker who helped retrieve my bitcoin. The whole plan was so smooth I could not doubt it. Bitcoin is actually a great investment option but one thing I discovered over time is that it is not possible to mine bitcoin so don’t be deceived. I invested $25000 on a particular website called eurekaminingblock, I monitored the profit yielding but got locked out of the account before I could withdraw. I went online and met this hacker bitcoinretrievalgenius who helped me retrieve my bitcoins back in few hours. You saved my life and I will forever be grateful. I referred my friends whom we got scammed together right away and they got help too. You can contact bitcoinretrievalgenius gmail com. Thank me later!
@_date: 2019-03-29 01:50:29
**Firstly, you shouldn’t lose a bitcoin wallet because of how precious it could be. You can also secure your bitcoin wallet by enabling the two-factor authentication. This is gonna protect your wallet for you with a private password you will generate yourself. So in case there’s external source tryna get in or in a case of hack, you get alerted immediately. Also, try and use the licensed and regulated exchange such as coinbase, binance, bitrex and the likes.**
**Lastly, I never believed in bitcoin retrieval cos I felt and was made to understand it’s not possible. But sometimes last year I fell for a binary option scam which promised a higher return and I lost close to $75,000. I read an article on here as regards a recovery expert and genius so I reached out and to my surprise I got all bitcoins recovered within 12 hours. I don’t know if I’m allowed to share the links on here but you can message me privately if you require such help. Don’t fall for wannabes on here.**
@_date: 2019-02-28 12:18:46
I am a cryptocurrency investor, I buy and sell mostly bitcoins, ether and litecoin. I would occasionally sell at a higher price to make profit, about 3 months ago, I lost 10 btc to a thief on paxful, i had sent the coins but my account wasn't credited with money, at first I thought this was a little delay, but after a week I wasn't having it funny anymore. I reported to the police but they weren't forthcoming with solutions, I was referred to mr Vincent through my bank, he came highly recommended and after a long conversation with him, we agreed on a fee for helping me recover the coins, in less than 8hours; I got an alert on my bitcoin wallet, my btc was back. I would recommend contacting bitcoinretrievalgenius  gmail  com. I'm sharing this in case you need such help.
@_date: 2019-04-02 07:23:16
***You can secure your bitcoin wallet by enabling the two-factor authentication. This is gonna protect your wallet for you with a private password you will generate yourself. So in case there’s external source tryna get in or in a case of hack, you get alerted immediately. Also, try and use the licensed and regulated exchange such as coinbase, binance, bitrex and the likes.***
***Lastly, I never believed in bitcoin retrieval cos I felt and was made to understand it’s not possible. But sometimes last year I fell for a binary option scam which promised a higher return and I lost close to $75,000. I read an article on here as regards a recovery expert and genius so I reached out and to my surprise I got all bitcoins recovered within 12 hours. I don’t know if I’m allowed to share the links on here but you can message me privately if you require such help. Don’t fall for wannabes on here.***