@_author: sanhael
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:48:22
@_date: 2014-11-25 03:05:16
It's not a parody. It's a satire. You're using Western Union's ad in a fashion that could be taken as directly lampooning Western Union. A parody would be the use of their ad in a way that cannot be taken as directly mocking the source, one example being Weird Al's *Eat It*, which was about food, not Michael Jackson, and didn't actually poke fun at the song itself. His take on "Smells Like Teen Spirit," however, would be satire. 
It's important to understand the difference when it comes to copyright claims and such, because parodies often get a lot of leeway when it comes to court (they are not "inherently protected," as many people believe, but there's a lot of precedent for allowing them to persist). Satires, on the other hand, tend to get smacked down. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:57:55
The fact that they couldn't pin them directly on him, or that he wasn't personally responsible for them, does not mean that he didn't deliberately set up a network which catered specifically to people offering high payments for murder, drug trade, and human trafficking. His actions were illegal, and it was the very reasons why they were illegal that enabled such abhorrent activities to take place.  
  
This is not a call for "rotting in jail," but he's being paraded as a counter-cultural hero and a victim of government excess. He deliberately enabled the selling of children and murder-for-hire for personal gain. His idea wasn't innovative; it's the same thing that's been done throughout history. He simply moved the black market online to take advantage of an untapped market.
@_date: 2013-11-19 23:46:37
I'd like you to know that I'm impoverished, have no money or valuable possessions, and that I'd really like you people to stop fucking around with the bullshit and do something about our nation's healthcare system. I'd really appreciate the same level of healthcare, at the same cost, as you and your family benefit from.
Unimportant by comparison, but I don't see an issue with bitcoins. Don't have the money to get into them, though. They've become an elitist thing; they don't return power to the people, it takes thousands of dollars to get into harvesting them to any meaningful extent, and they're worth hundreds of dollars individually.
@_date: 2013-11-20 01:27:31
Wow. I now own 0.25% of one Bitcoin. What are the associated fees so that I can change it back into some portion of that dollar and buy a 50-cent honey roll for breakfast tomorrow?
**Edit:** It's moot anyhow, I don't have $1. 