@_author: sanjosesharks1
@_date: 2018-03-01 21:26:18
My perception is that, as banks realize that crypto isn't going away, they will adapt their model to include services to crypto holders  Two basic services would be 1) offering to cold store crypto for customers and guarantee that crypto from fraud, etc . . . as if it were cash. Of course, they will likely charge a fee for this service (as they do currently with checking accounts, etc . . .); 2) more risky for the bank = writing insurance policies on crypto held independently by individuals. 
I understand that banks being involved with crypto is a bit ironic and the antithesis of what enthusiasts want (myself included). However, It seems like a natural progession. 
@_date: 2018-03-02 07:06:10
I know the Ledger does have a function where you can create a "false" password in the event that someone is essentially attempting to get to your holdings through a "wrench attack." It sounds similar to what you are saying on the Trezor. Will provide access to some funds, just not all. I'll do some research on the password connected to the seed issue for Ledger. That does sound like an attractive security feature that I would want to implement if available.
@_date: 2018-02-26 03:12:02
I tend to agree with you. I'm a long term holder as well that is interested in adding at lower prices. So, I'm buying when everyone is selling. Which, can be daunting. I check prices a couple of times a day just because I view thus as a hobby and I find the price action intriguing. My friend keeps telling me to get download Cryptonaut, but I just feel it will drive me nuts. 
And, yes. The media will tell you. Best time to buy is when all the articles are about crypto having "no value" and when bank CEOs are saying "I told you so." 
@_date: 2018-02-23 05:31:35
Do I think it will drop to 6.5K or a lot lower than now? Not to be coy, but I don't know and nobody really does. The last crash in January saw huge support at around 5.9. So, I think that's a pretty good floor. I personally think any drawdowns are temporary and, long term, bitcoin will do really well because of increased adoption and as it becomes more practical to use. Bitcoin will, perhaps, likely, become the best store of value for digital assets as well - ie "digital gold." These are my opinions, though. And, you should definitely educate yourself about the technology of bitcoin, other cryptos and and blockchain and  keep yourself abreast of that. I discourage people from buying if they don't believe in the technology. Many speculators tend to buy high, panic because of the volatility, and sell for a loss. 
Will it be volatile for a while? Yes. No question. Why? It's an infant market with comparatively low volume when compared to stocks, forex, bonds, commodities and mature markets. Any infant market will have volatility as a feature. It comes with the territory. .5% of people with a access to banking have a cryptocurreny wallet. This is truly still in the early stages. If further adoption occurs, and volume increases, volatility will decrease. 
As far as wallets are concerned. Here is my take: 
Cold storage is the most secure. The Ledger Nano is the way to go there. It's sold in Euro prices. I believe it costs around $130 - $150 USD. I understand that's a bit expensive. But, as you buy more crypto you will eventually want the piece of mind of knowing your crypto is completely safe. 
Best wallets?
1. You mentioned Coinbase. I haven't kept my crypto in their online wallet for long periods. If you have it there, make sure you have Google Authenticator 2 Factor Authentication enabled for signing in (much more secure than 2 factor authentication on texting). I haven't had any security issues with the Coinbase online wallet. However, the best advice is never to keep your crypto in a hot wallet. Coinbase also has a feature called "Vault." Which, moves your Coinbase coins to cold storage at Coinbase. I'm not sure what the applicable fees are for the Vault. 
2. Exodus is a desktop wallet that is really good. Decent security but not as good as a Ledger. Jaxx is another desktop wallet. Both are worth taking a look at. 
3. Coinimi is an easy to use mobile wallet. It seems to be fairly secure. However, I wouldn't  recommend having large amounts of currency on any mobile wallet. 
Obviously, you can use more than one of these. 
@_date: 2018-03-02 06:52:00
I'm actually uncertain on that point. 
@_date: 2018-02-23 07:42:19
Further, to address your question about selling crypto. It takes a matter of seconds / minutes to send your crypto to an exchange to be sold. Easy to move from cold storage to the exchange.
@_date: 2018-03-02 05:53:02
Agreed. Purchase a ledger. Make multiple copies of your seed for storage in safe places. Keep any documentation of your password in a safe place. Don't tell people you own cryptocurrency. The instructions for the ledger nano s are pretty straightforward. You can also find excellent videos on YouTube that will walk you through the installation process. Very important: only purchase your nano ledger from Ledger itself. Do not buy from a third party. On exchanges, always sign out when down. Don't keep coins on an exchange for too long. Have a strong password on the exchange. Always have 2 factor authentication - not through SMS texting, bur through Google Authenticator. 
@_date: 2018-02-19 08:09:03
That's a very good point. If you really want to be safe, before printing a paper wallet you, should make sure you are connected to a "not smart" printer. Meaning, don't print using wifi. Hook that cable up to an old fashioned printer. If you really want to take it a step further, turn off the wifi on your computer while doing the cable enabled process.
@_date: 2018-03-01 21:42:33
I think they would. Particularly, the first mover on it. Banks want to make money by charging customers fees for storing money. I don't see a reason that, once adoption reaches a certain point, the banks would not come up with some model that enters the crypto endeavor at a profit. They will find some way to profit from the phenomenon. It's what they do. 
@_date: 2018-02-23 03:32:18
It could be. You have $1,200? The first thing to figure out is how are you going to spend that? All at once or spread out? I'd simply suggest spreading the amount into increments of $300. Then, set some buy points. Ex - $9,500, $8,500, $7500, $6,500. At each point, buy $300 worth. This is just an example and you can set your buy points where you want. At some point, you might reassess your buy points if all of them haven't been hit. 
You could also increase expenditure as price goes down. In the above example, buy $150 at $9,500; $250 at $8,500; $350 at $7,500; $450 at $6,500. Again, just an example. With this structure you start low and build slower. 
I believe the best time to buy is when the price is crashing or going down with significance. It's psychologically hard because you will be sitting on losses for a short time. But, remember, the lower the price the more bitcoin you get for your dollar. Then, move your coins off the exchange on to a hardware wallet such as the ledger nano s. Then start saving money for the next crash / drawdown and repeat the same process. 
@_date: 2018-02-19 07:00:24
It depends on what you want to do . . . I'll give you my opinion . . . 
The bottom line is the following considerations are important: 
1. Are you going to buy more crypto at some point? If so, this pushes the answer towards hardware wallet. 
2. Are you looking to hold for a period of time or 
@_date: 2018-03-01 22:43:56
That's a question I've wondered myself: will your Homeowners insurance cover cryptocurrency? Despite the fact that one could have their recovery seed properly stored in another place and simply restore their wallet if a previous walket is destroyed. Perhaps I should call my insurance company for the answer.
@_date: 2018-02-25 18:21:33
Excellent point. Plus, in the normal hacker situation the hacker wouldn't be liquidating on the exchange, but would be sending to a wallet. The idea's application, in sone modified form, is a bit intriguing.
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:41:18
That is strange. I've never had that problem before. Make sure on the nano that you have your bitcoin wallet set to "segwit" as opposed to "legacy." It will basically be the first screen that comes up as you log into your bitcoin wallet. It will ask you if you want to open "legacy," "segwit," or "I don't know." Make sure to select "segwit" and that will give you the segregated witness address for bitcoin. It's confusing. 
If you've already done that then perhaps GDAX is just having some technical problems right now and you can then put the bitcoin back on coinbase and just send from your coinbase wallet to the nano. You will have to pay the miners fee which actually isn't that bad right now. Check online by googling "current bitcoin fees" and there are a few sites that will give you an idea of what the current fee range is and how many blocks you will likely have to wait by virtue of selecting lower fees. 
Good job with the Nano. It's the most secure storage device out there. Obviously, secure your seed phrase, in writing, in at least 2 different secured locations. 
Best. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 22:46:47
Brief search reveals AIG started to write crypto policies in 2014. I don't know if they still currently do. My brief research tends to indicate that a honeowners policy might not cover crypto. 
@_date: 2018-02-23 07:37:24
That's a good question. It's not even the risk of the exchange going down. Any crypto held online is "hot." Someone can hack your computer, obtain your password, log in, and send your crpto to their wallet. Even if you have 2FA on your phone, a phone port attack can get around that. That's why Google Authenticator 2FA is a must. If someone hacks your wallet, your crypto is gone. No recourse. If someone hacks the exchange, they may reimburse and may not. These attacks are not real common, but do occur. That's why it's important not to broadcast or tell people you own crypto. Makes you a target for hacking. However, these hacks will become more common with the increased adoption of crypto. That's why cold storage is so important. Noone can hack your cold storage hardware wallet (Ledger) or paper wallet (advanced technique). It just helps me sleep at night knowing my crypto is safely stored and can't be hacked. 
@_date: 2018-02-23 10:45:20
The Bitcoin core code is open source. Anyone can modify or copy it. Bitcoin has a core group of developers that can accept or reject modifications. Obviously, they will only accept modifications that are beneficial to the community. Integrating segregated witness and the upcoming lighting network are examples of this. 
Here is a link to some of the finer points surrounding this: 
@_date: 2018-02-23 07:27:05
No problem. I want to help others entering the community. In the spirit of bitcoin being open source, community members are open with information.
I haven't had any problems with Coinbase. They are generally safe and secure. I would move to Google Authenticator 2 Factor. That way a phone port attack, by someone who has your password, won't succeed. Also, make sure you have a strong password and always sign out. 
As far as something "replacing" bitcoin, I don't think so. Again, my opinion. There are several articles out there that would disagree with me. I personally feel those articles are misinformed. Any structure can be replaced by something else. Hypothetically, bitcoin can be replaced by any currency. Here is why I don't think that will happen: 1) bitcoin had first mover advantage; 2) bitcoin has the notoriety; 3) the bitcoin infastructure is sound to the point it's unheard of: 4) bitcoin developers are the best in the world and will always make necessary adjustments; 5) bitcoin has, by far, the most dedicated community of supporters and open source devotees; 6) bitcoin and the blockchain cannot be separated. Blockchain technology succeeding results in bitcoin succeeding. 7) bitcoin has the longest and most secure blockchain in human history. 
The issue with quantum computing is that the theory is that the proper quantum computer network could gain 51% of the bitcoin node nerwork. Thus, engaging in  what Satoshi called a "51 percent attack." First, assuming someone got 51% control, why would they want to destroy the entire foundation of what allows them to charge transaction fees and mine bitcoin? Further, the earliest quantum computer technology that would allow such is a decade away at least. Were it to actually become a threat, bitcoin developers would surely adopt a BIP that would lead to a solution to the potential problem and allow decentralization to prevail. The articles that talk about quantum computing seem to ignore the fact that bitcoin is a dynamic platform that can adjust to problems. The Lightening Network is one example of innovation that bitcoin developers have constructed to address the current scalability concerns. Adjustments to the network can and will occur. 
@_date: 2018-02-26 03:00:40
There is an app called "Cryptonaut" that I'm told works well for the purpose of tracking purchases, sales, etc . . . with graphs. I haven't personally used it because I don't want to drive myself crazy seeing all the swings in my portfolio on a graph :))). But, you might as well check it out. A friend of mine uses it and likes it. 
@_date: 2018-02-25 06:22:53
I don't know of any exchanges that have done that. And, I guess you might be on to something there. Perhaps, that could be another level of security. But, in the hacking context, one of the issues is that a hacker, who has taken over your account, could likely change that option. But, it would be interesting if you had a 3rd factor of authentication that would activate if that option were attempted to be changed. Then, that could well thwart the hack. So, nice observation. 
@_date: 2018-02-16 06:23:13
Also, if you are in Coinbase, conduct the following process. Coinbase to GDAX to Ledger. Reason: No fees. You can go to YouTube and there are plenty of videos that outline the process. Seems intimidating at first, but watch the video, and then do it that way.
@_date: 2018-02-20 05:52:35
What is bitcoin? A trustless peer to peer payment system that is based on blockchain technology. All transactions are posted on a public ledger. The pros of bitcoin are: 1) cuts out the third party intermediary (banks); 2) allows for near instant cross-border transactions that require no currency conversions or fees; 3) no third party (bank / government) can "censor" the transaction by interfering with its implementation: 4) there is some anonymity to the transactions; 5) minimizes counterparty risk in the sense that you can "cold store" and you control the digital asset (as opposed to a bank controlling it): 6) is a "deflationary" currency in the sense that the total supply is limited to 21 million in circulation after all coins have been mined; 7) bitcoin is practically impossible to conterfeit; 8) can be used in conjuction with emerging technologies such as "smart contracts" which remove human malice from contingent transactions. 
These are some of the examples of the benefits of bitcoin.
Why is bitcoin volatile? 
You are correct that the bitcoin price is extremely volatile. I would cite the following factors for such: 1) nascent stage market - around .5% of people who have access to banking have a bitcoin wallet. It's a small market in early adoption right now; 2) related to reason  - low volumes compared to other global assets (equities, forex, government bonds, gold, other commodities) etc . . . leads to more price movement in both directions; 3) "price discovery" is occurring in the market in the sense that it is unclear the degree of adoption bitcoin will receive. More adoption = higher value / Less adoption = lower value; 4) an unclear regulatory environment results in price movements based on fears of regulatory intervention / those fears being ameliorated; 5) the banking industry obviously has not reacted favorably to bitcoin or cryptocurrencies. Thus, they have publically campaigned against adoption. 
Assuming the bitcoin market grows and adoption grows, I would postulate that volatility will decrease in response. 
This is just an overview and reflects my opinion. There is a plethora of information out there about bitcoin, cryptocurrencies, decentralized applications, blockchain technology, and other innovations currently underway. 