@_author: sankale100
@_date: 2015-06-07 01:23:57
Hi, i wrote this on another forum and i dint get a reply. I am hoping God will listen and everything will return back to normal. 
     Hi Dan,my names is James account   I am a God fearing christian who for the last 2 days have been loosing sleep and praying and praying that the news ive been reading about igot.com is not true. 4 or 5 months ago, you opened for business in Kenya and since you then i have been a loyal customer. I have almost 8 Bitcoins waiting for transfer since Thursday the 21st of May and this coming Thursday, June 11th, will be exactly 30 days since i asked for my bitcoins to be withdrawn. This may not seem a lot, but in Kenya, where 80% of people make less than $1 a day, it is a lot. In fact, it is my life savings, everything i have. I have saved tirelessly for the last 6 to 7 years to get this kind of money and my wife, my son and my family need this money. 
      After reading the comments above, i sat and prayed, in Jesus name, that all the negative things i was reading were caused by misunderstandings and not because igot.com is broke. I prayed, in Jesus name, that all these issues you have will be sorted out within the next couple of days. I opened a support ticket weeks ago and i have written six times and i always get the same reply, "we are upgrading our systems and cannot release bitcoins" Today i got a different reply, it stated that, and i quote "There are some massive bugs with the wallet system that we're fixing..................I've canceled the transaction for now and if you want to sell your bitcoin and buy from elsewhere, you can do that." I am very concerned about the last part of the message, why was my transaction cancelled? i do not want to sell my bitcoins because the price of bitcoins is a lot lower than i bought them and therefore i will be loosing a lot of money. All i want is my bitcoins withdrawn, so i chose to withdraw again and i'm praying that it goes through this time. I also hope and pray, that since you decided to cancel my transaction, that i don't get put at the back of the waiting line and my bitcoins are withdrawn successfully. Once again, i pray, that your problems will be solved and we will get my bitcoins as promised, in Jesus name AMEN