@_author: sapho1
@_date: 2014-07-27 20:40:42
Interestingly, Christie's sold one of the banknotes for  
£6250 :)   
@_date: 2014-08-27 20:50:06
I beg to differ - I believe that your answer is a bit simplistic. Regardless of the labels, the essential issue that I believe should be discussed regarding bitcoin (and it's strange that it isn't ..) is do we allow a pure, unregulated market system to decide for us or to we include some forms of direct democratic agency as well (which does not have to mean government interference). In my opinion, a system that allows only market-type values can lead to some tragic and inhumane situations. I am wondering if bitcoin will be left to drift in that direction .. That would really be a pity .. 
@_date: 2014-08-27 22:13:50
I am just researching this and looking at the entire spectrum of possible attitudes towards bitcoin. Granted, my perspective is not that of an economist but one of a humanist -- (sorry for the vague economic terminology) It is,  however,an angle, that should be taken into consideration, to my view. - The problem I see here (and I was trying to hint at but maybe did not express it very well) is that having a great majority of actors that are more interested in individual capital gain than in the democratic values that this system could create could shift what the bitcoin system actually does for society as a whole. (and I am not referring here only to anarcho-capitalists (maybe, who knows? I've misunderstood them), but also to members of the banking industry for instance or other investors attracted by the prospect of manipulating a nascent market. The protocol is a tool - like all instruments invented by humankind, it is neutral, it can be used for the better of for the worse. The problem I see is one of balance of users at a nascent stage of this system. What is your opinion of these survey results, for instance?  And of the possibility of banks and various existing financial institutions actually adopting bitcoin and using it in their own interest ? I think that it is quite important, at this stage, to educate the larger public about using bitcoin; this would change completely the dynamics of the system. 
@_date: 2015-09-04 20:40:03
It's obvious that most of the governments in the world are doing almost nothing to help the war refugees. This is clearly a crime against humanity, but there is no time for trials right now ... I believe this is a global humanitarian problem -it doesn't matter anymore whether it's Europe or the Arab countries or UK or Russia or America or China etc. that should help first. If we look closely at the reality, most of us share part of the guilt and are connected with the conflicts there (either directly or indirectly) ... That too doesn't matter anymore ... we've spent enough time pointing fingers and calculating who is guiltier or less guilty of these horrors ... who is more or less responsible .. who should give more or less ... It's time to act like human beings (whatever country, religion/philosophy or political spectrum we belong to) and to treat the war refugees like human beings, as they deserve to be treated. There are many ways in which we can help, wherever we are. I think that we have the power to bypass the criminal bureaucratic loops, if a lot of human beings on this planet get involved .. It's the only solution  .. I'm afraid that if we don't manage to do this, our world is going to sink again into infernal barbarity (if it hasn't already ... ) In such moments, indifference too becomes a crime ...
If you can, please donate bitcoins to the great link posted here. MOAS  does what our governments should be doing to rescue refugees from drowning at sea. Enough people have died already in the past years because of our indifference .. Here are a few other ways in which you can help, if you want to:  
@_date: 2015-09-04 20:29:59
This conflict in Syria is an after effect of the 2011 NATO led War in Afghanistan, so all the NATO-member states share responsibility for it. In fact, the Syrian refugee crisis has been going on for a long time – the media is only writing extensively about it now because the number of victims has increased dramatically – this is why:  
Saying that one has nothing to do with this is not only inhumane but also hypocritical. In a global economy, you can’t really claim that you are neutral from an armed conflict … Let’s just look at the arms trade for instance: 
'The top 10 importers and exporters of major arms, 2010–14 
Exporter Global share (%) 
1. USA 31 
2. Russia 27 
3. China 5 
4. Germany 5 
5. France 5 
6. UK 4 
7. Spain 3 
8. Italy 3 
9. Ukraine 3 
10. Israel 2'  
This is just a short list of countries that have a lot to do with the conflict in Syria and share the responsibility (they basically have been making a profit from it).  (there are a lot more illegal transports to Syria, from other EU countries for instance, that do not show on the official lists... so, for instance, whenever a EU politician complains that receiving refugees would cost too much the economy, it is pure hypocrisy - the EU economy already profits a lot more from these wars ... Of course there are a few countries that profit a lot more than others, but that’s another  matter …) 
@_date: 2015-09-04 20:18:01
According to the 1951 international Convention relating to the Status of Refugees, people fleeing from the war in Syria should be granted asylum.    Here are the countries that signed it – so those who are now refusing refugees are basically breaking the international agreement  (this is both inhumane and disappointing for all of us – it means that no one can rely on this  agreement anymore in the future)  It has no importance whatsoever what countries caused the war or are closely involved in it. Syrian refugees should be helped out of human compassion first and foremost, above any other interest. This has become a global human rights issue.