@_author: sapientmeat
@_date: 2019-11-22 16:38:47
They say if you love something to let it go. This is true for life and Bitcoin.
So, if you love Bitcoin, let it go to  &gt;!1NrhrtNJfATAbepjBbTN2ti4EgRa1TbczE!&lt; and if it comes back then you know the love is true.
@_date: 2019-11-23 21:21:55
Or an attack vector with increased power, as a nation's worth of hashing just went offline. Banning isn't the only way governments can try to stop the "big scary Bitcoin".
An ultimate goal of replacing or phasing out fiat currency in preference to a decentralized one is a huge task, the scale and tactics that will be required is almost unprecedented in history.
Lots of recommended reading on bitcoin is books about market analysis, or the coding fundamentals... Unfortunately none of these lists ever include "The Art of War". Bitcoins succeess as an asset will be a global game of chess.
Know your enemy.
@_date: 2019-11-15 00:28:26
I feel like anything more would be overkill but with Elephant in their handle, talk of shit and flies, the comedian in me knows there's still an untapped vein there.
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:48:35
Please do.
@_date: 2019-11-22 20:20:00
You could tattoo the private key INSIDE your b-hole!
@_date: 2019-11-23 15:38:27
I own and trade BTC and am a long term holder. I've also read this article before, it doesn't take into account many things. I don't have time to point out every hole in their article, I'm sure someone else has already.
Do I think governments will ban bitcoin? No.
If they did "ban" it could people still use it? Of course.
But at the end of the day the reality is most governments have more resources than groups involved in crypto, if any world power actually wanted to, they could take over the hashing power of the network, use other forms of subterfuge, or prevent fiat on ramps. The last option doesn't stop P2P trading, but could make bitcoin a shadow currency. Again, probably would never happen but to say it "can't be banned" is unicorns and rainbows. 
If a government tries to ban it, you know it must be good.
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:51:03
No, I mean "could any individual government with sufficient access to technology or resources do it on their own" 
ie. any first-world country.
@_date: 2019-11-22 20:15:47
Truth. If only I was living like my Elder Scrolls Online character. Man I'd have it made.
@_date: 2019-11-22 16:54:31
Every relationship has it's ups and downs.
I remember the honeymoon phase like it was yesterday. I loved and cared for my sweet Bitcoin as we moved - together - to almost $20k. But she had some baggage, and I was afraid of being alone. I held onto my dearest down to the lowest of lows.
Was I the nicest person to my baby during that time? No. 
I should have treated her better, but I suppose I had my own baggage too. God... things around the house have been tense since that Christmas in 2017. I wish I could take back some of the things I said, but I can't. I can only hope that time heals those wounds too.
We're still together, my Bitcoin and I, and I've learned to give her room to grow. I've learned to accept her for who she is. It's not her fault she's a highly speculative and volatile asset class that hasn't matured, or that world governments are breathing down her neck. It's not my fault that there's other, younger coins out there that might be more promising. But at the end of the day, Bitcoin will be my rock.
That's how I learned to never judge.
@_date: 2019-11-23 01:37:09
He never gets pulled over thanks to this EASY car hack.
@_date: 2019-11-23 18:48:16
Is rising from the ashes of a broken society the ideal way to get Bitcoin adopted?
History has proven time and time again that those in power, especially of large and/or wealthy nations are not deterred by potential loss because oftentimes the leaders are delusional enough to believe that they cannot lose. See: the Bolsheviks, the German National Socialist movement.
On the surface this is a sound argument for Bitcoin. Under ideal circumstances (in a vacuum) you would have a group of people biding their time until the leaders essentially wear themselves out and decentralized currency is now the only viable option. But even still, this new financial system would need to gain acceptance from the International Community in order to stand the test of time. 
I don't think we should ever be grateful for having C- leaders. If we had C- leaders who deferred judgement to A+ individuals that would be a different story.
If anything we should be even more disturbed, and actively trying to get the A+ people to be the leaders - or at least someone who is a viable proxy for their ideas; those innovating for the world rarely have time to think about its politics.
@_date: 2019-11-22 20:08:14
My 2003 Silvera.... doh-uhh... my 2020 Lamborghini Stronzo is super cool and rad. It has just enough room for extra piles of cash (careful with the top down!) and my GF Emma Stone is always super stoked to go cruising.
@_date: 2019-11-22 20:16:50
Well it's a 2 seater and the cash has to ride somewhere.
@_date: 2019-11-22 20:13:48
That's because the speedometer on a Lambo goes from 60-2000 mph.
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:18:00
Totally agree with your standpoint about banned things becoming more desirable, that's been proven. But drugs are not a store of value - they will be consumed, and more drugs will be created to meet the demand. If a drug becomes increasingly popular to the point that more people grow/synthesize/generate them the cost goes down. See: Designer drugs. Drugs are more akin to fiat currency in this comparison.
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:33:00
True, however many arguments are based on the logical fallacy that Bitcoin is the end-all, be-all cryptocurrency - you didn't make this generalization, but many do.
It would be wasteful and time-consuming for any country to try to enforce a ban on cryptocurrency. But it would also be illogical for a country to back or accumulate a decentralized cryptocurrency - that would be like the house betting against itself.
I hope decentralized currency is the future, and I hope it is in my lifetime. The events necessary for widespread adoption would have to coincide with larger socio-economic upheaval though, and that would require a large and very dedicated majority of people to stand behind it. In my experience, most people are complacent enough to not care one way or the other.
@_date: 2019-11-23 20:58:15
I agree the current system of leadership (USA here) is antiquated, but if there's no leaders, there's no followers. And it's the followers who get the real work done. 
Such a big part of that is all of them think they have the answers, they want the world to think they're the answer. 
I can't remember the last politician, maybe Larry Sharpe, who would straight out say "I don't know how to fix this problem" opting instead to have these A+ people advise on matters to find a solution.
@_date: 2019-11-23 20:54:08
Interesting theory! I see something similar playing out where if Bitcoin gets big enough it could absolutely become either a partisan issue or draw a new line in the sand. I think something like the scenario you depict is likely as younger and more tech savvy politicians come into offices of all levels in democratic nations. 
Out of curiosity, do you have any examples where "banksters" have caused trouble for politicians?
In my lifetime the banks have been yet another line of defence for politicians (and businesses) with offshore holdings, shell accounts, etc. - with crypto you can't hide anything, that's great for most of us but scary for someone who has something to hide. Especially after the bailouts, I never recall a bank biting the hand that feeds.
@_date: 2019-11-23 15:14:21
You don't need a large spread to make money as a trading company. Especially on Robinhood where they don't give you anything you can verify on the blockchain when you buy Bitcoin. For all we know they could be giving you a "receipt" and then shorting Bitcoin with your money (all users money) or investing it elsewhere.
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:01:56
You're right, they haven't tried to ban torrenting, only copyright infringement. If any sufficiently powerful government decided to ban torrenting 100% they could. Sure, a small percent of tech savvy people would be using it uninterrupted, and within a few years it would be more accessible though still banned. But if an Alphabet Man shows up at your door what then? 
I believe in bitcoin and p2p networks but let's not kid ourselves that there's any magic bullet for freedom whether it's content through torrenting or finances through cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2019-11-25 00:09:45
Yeah we probably won't have to do quite as much work as I think. They're already eating themselves alive from within.
@_date: 2019-11-24 00:46:46
Why does every conversation devolve to having to explain semantics?
Of course I know it's pseudonyms. If you don't ever spend it, sure you might never have to explain where it came from (but never spend it... Really?). Right now Bitcoin is in its infancy, and there are already very good forensic tools able to trace Bitcoins through transactions and even to wallets and IP addresses. Extrapolate this 10 years out and it's inevitable that there are going to be tools to track Bitcoin purchases.
But my original point wasn't that it's anonymous, my point is that everyone and their mother can validate everything. They might not have the necessary auxiliary information to tie an address to a person but they can keep an eye on it. If there is suspicion that a politician has been taking bribes with Bitcoin anyone with the necessary information can be on the lookout, and as forensic tools improve along with cryptocurrency it will be easier to tie bitcoin transactions to individuals. 
100% agree that cryptocurrency is inevitable. I can't wait, I am a huge, but rational, proponent. Whether or not Bitcoin will be the one to emerge as king remains to be seen. It's honestly too early to tell.
Bitcoin is already being used to launder money and do under the table exchanges by wealthy and powerful people as well as average people. Have you ever noticed the volume increases during the weeks where people who file their taxes themselves would be filling out their quarterly reports? Or the  coincidental price fluctuations surrounding other financial deadlines? Or also the increases in volume after major international grow seasons for the illicit cocaine trade? 
Yes, the white paper focuses on financial freedom, democratizing money, and taking power away from centralized financial systems. You don't think the fact that it's the scaffold for a perfect laundering operation slipped the minds of its obviously brilliant creators do you? The distinction between liberating money from central banks and laundering it is razor thin - in the eyes of the taxman they're both unfavorable.
@_date: 2019-11-24 22:05:55
Ah, so an adhocracy! 
Yes, this is ideal. We actually have the seeds of technology in place from which this could grow.
@_date: 2019-11-22 20:14:26
The IRS doesn't know what to do with him!
@_date: 2019-11-24 03:16:01
Right, and we already agreed on the "criminalization increases desire", but I point out the fact that drugs are more like fiat because it is just a bad analogy with the hope that rational discourse will be strengthend along with the backbone of figuring out the best way to get Bitcoin where it needs to be as a viable asset.
Totally agree you're always paying a premium for illicit services, both parties pay a "risk tax" whether monetary or service-derived.
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:42:50
What they have to gain is remaining in control of the financial system of that country's populace. That's a very powerful motivator.
@_date: 2019-11-23 15:04:44
That's insightful.
@_date: 2019-11-23 14:57:44
Could governments ban mining and/or trading of cryptocurrencies and/or take other actions to effectively reduce any buying incentive and devalue Bitcoin? Yes.
Lots of good points in your post but let's not only preach to the choir.
@_date: 2019-11-23 17:56:04
Yes! No one in the western world has ever had to deal with the level of financial oppression your father in law did.
The former Soviet Union is a perfect example of the lengths a country will go to to remain in control, including killing millions one's own countrymen to get that power. It is foolish to underestimate what a government will do with its back against the wall, especially financially.
@_date: 2019-11-22 20:01:13
On the 1-30min charts it sure is... 
Eventually its going to go back up, but in the time being it's on sale baby!
Now if the Bitcoin community can come together and start brainstorming methods of adoption and more use-cases as much as we're talking price speculation we wouldn't have to worry about whether its going to touch $3k again.
@_date: 2019-11-24 21:05:01
This was essentialy the thought process which the US founders had, and why the US is a representative, not a direct democracy. In my opinion citizens should not even vote for the president directly.
My social circle is my community, so I vote for local representatives.
Representatives have a larger social circle, so they vote on the next tier of social organization.
Those elected vote on the next tier, etc etc. 
Problem is every iteration is farther removed from the individuals who make up the community at large, and introduces more places for bad actors to buy resolutions.
@_date: 2019-12-14 19:44:05
I guess I'm asking about a little more than Bitcoin overall market share, as you still have altcoins in that scenario (especially the big ones behind Bitcoin now) that can be traded against fiat - so there are still some liquidity options for those ones. I'm curious more how a hypothetical closed economic system with BTC as the only trading pair would react to the cumulative value of everything trading against it being greater than the total BTC supply. Is this possible, but only a problem when people go to cash out?
There does not seem to be any principle coded into any of the blockchains that I have looked at or any of the (albeit few) DEXs that prevent a situation like this from happening - other than the built in scarcity of BTC to determine the true value at the time of sale.
@_date: 2019-12-10 15:07:36
This. I used to micromanage my trading, and emotion would always get in the way as I looked at the charts constantly - changing my strategy if things didn't look good.
Now I set up a longer term strategy, set up my stop-losses and trades and just let it go. I don't always make the big profits I would if I was sitting in front of a chart, but the profits are more consistent, the losses far less, and the reassurance that my strategy works better without me looking over it's shoulder.
@_date: 2019-12-14 19:52:01
He won the Nobel Prize that year for his thesis paper; *A Scalable Ketamine Distribution Network for Dummies*.
@_date: 2019-12-14 20:06:38
Bitcoin requires a constantly increasing amount of resource only until all of the blocks are mined, this is in fact part of what gives it intrinsic value - miners are spending their money to produce coins (which are scarce), and agreeing to sell them because it cost less to mine than people are willing to pay. Once all the blocks are mined, the number of nodes does not need to be increased, the block difficulty does not need to be increased, as nodes are simply being compensated by transaction fees at that point. Granted blocks will continue to be mined until about 2140, so it's really anyone's guess what kind of hard forks will take place between now and then.
You're also assuming that energy efficiency and cost will stay the same, which is likely not the case. Chances are that if Bitcoin (and the rest of the world for that matter) makes it to 2140, our energy and resource management will be drastically different than it is today. The same is true for 30, 50, 80 years from now as well.
Bitcoin is not dependent on the security of one base private key any more than any block in the network is dependent on any of the private keys that signed any of the blocks that came before it.
I assume you mean that compromising the key that was used to create the genesis block would somehow cause the Bitcoin network to collapse? Except for the fact that there are already 10k+ nodes that have validated and are running the actual true blockchain. If someone compromised the genesis block, and was therefore able to change every transaction that  came after it (which would also require much computational power), that bad actor would still have to not only get it's version of the blockchain to be accepted by all those other nodes by computationally overpowering them (unlikely), while also avoid being blacklisted by the nodes in operation (a more difficult feat perhaps than breaking the security on the initial key), which would happen if it tried transmitting a phony blockchain.
*Edited for spelling*
@_date: 2019-12-14 19:53:08
That lust in his eyes says there was a little jungle love involved. i.e. chimpanzees.
@_date: 2019-12-10 14:57:52
Not necessarily.
Consider now that Amazon (and other retailers) have stores where you simply walk in, place items in your bag, and leave. The payment is automatically deducted.
In 50 years, it is quite possible that some type of RFID/NFC devices will replace barcodes, and every item will be digitally traceable. You simply handing the candy bar to your friend and pressing a button on your phone (or if brain interfaces take off, slapping yourself across the face) would instantly transfer it's balance.
In fact it is completely possible to make it that easy with today's technology, there just simply isn't any software that ties all the pieces together. You could have one app that lets you scan a barcode, obtain the price, press send, and boom, you've just sold a candy bar to your friend for a few hundred satoshi.
@_date: 2019-12-14 20:23:44
That about sums it up for you and millions of other Americans. 
If you (or more importantly, your organization) are not an "integral" gear in the manipulation of the financial system into a honey pot for the government, then yes you will struggle under that debt probably for life while the most elite and their descendants (for generations) will never even know what a carton of eggs and a gallon of milk costs, let alone ever having to worry about if they can afford it or not.
You are the face of why we need decentralized digital currency.
@_date: 2019-12-14 19:49:19
Let's say that hypothetically everyone wanted to cash out and there's not enough to go around - at that point wouldn't it make more sense to just not cash out and use the base currency you wanted to trade as the new fundamental store of value?
Pardon my ignorance but is there any precedent for something like this?
@_date: 2019-12-15 03:24:40
Thank you for this. I knew this, on some basic level, but couldn't form the idea. This helps a lot. 
It's really a game of market dominance, sentiment, and what the market is willing to actually accept. The numbers are just there to play the game.
@_date: 2019-12-15 03:22:52
They "need" to only to maintain their version of reality. They are so isolated that they have no idea what The People are even capable of.
@_date: 2019-12-15 05:02:41
It is just an engineering problem, correct. 
That is where the beauty of additions like pruned ledgers come in. Even today a blockchain can help the system with only the most recent few GB of data (once they have initially downloaded and verified the entire chain), they just aren't asked about earlier transactions. 
You could at some point say that the first N years worth of transactions can be put into a smaller group of nodes, or that wallets that have been inactive for X amount of time can only communicate during certain times, or whatever is deemed relevant. Should something come up, you can download back to the necessary point. These are all engineering problems that are being extrapolated out as the only variable, when in reality if there is a will there is a way. 
Hell, some systems are working on using IoT devices and networks that verify blockchains over the cloud, then store the last 150 or so MB and contribute from there, with some full nodes for redundancy. Talk about ultimate decentralization, every connected device validating the true ledger. 
I can't say for certain that Bitcoin will be the "end all be all" of crypto, but I'm confident that brilliant engineers will solve problems as they arise as they have done throughout history.
@_date: 2019-12-14 20:47:03
This is great. Sure, he's a billionaire, and he spent around $80k, so not much to him.
I don't know any billionaires personally, but the millionaires I know pretty much all got that way through some means of frugality and not buying things just to buy them.
If I'd wager a guess why Bill a) bought 11 BTC, and b) Tweeted it - it would be that he realizes that Bitcoin has value in scarcity, and that increased adoption and awareness will make his 11 BTC that much more valuable.
Also to be in that "elite" group of people who own more than 10 BTC, because, why not, you're a billionaire and you should have some fun with your money.
@_date: 2019-12-15 06:07:29
Same. Maybe a well balanced Kelloggs breakfast is his success secret?
@_date: 2019-12-14 00:24:49
Derek says someone else has already said it best. So if you can't top it, steal from them and go out strong. So I picked a guy I thought you'd like: 


@_date: 2019-12-15 02:57:54
Like I said in another comment I don't know a thing about him aside from now seeing that he inherited his wealth. Regardless, what I said stands for many self made wealthy individuals.
As for his reasons, probably publicity. But still good for bitcoin and and the end of the day who cares why he did it?
@_date: 2019-12-15 02:43:21
Regardless, without knowing anything about him personally I'm not going to judge the guy for being born wealthy.
If his wealth on paper is in the billions, he's a billionaire. And if he's a wealthy person validating bitcoin it's good for the market as a whole.
@_date: 2019-12-15 02:52:50
Oh give me a break with the semantics. They don't need to be bailed out, they're elite simply because they are close/important enough to Big Brother to get bailed out in the first place. 
You seriously couldn't pick up that nuance from the context? Just had to find some segue to regurgitate a less concise retelling of the same things that have been said.