@_author: sarafuse
@_date: 2016-02-26 11:33:48
Sure. Like Satoshi got paid? 
I never said anything about self exploitation. I take it from your terminology that you are a game theory advocate which is also where the centalists argue their ideas from. 
Decentalists argue from an position of egalitarian inclusion. That it is  the price of participating to run these services. Don't participate if you don't want to but if you do, you have to run a full node like everyone else. The mining is a much harder nut to crack under this premise where the best of the worst options is mining pools but the currently impossible ideal is everyone is a miner.
So you have the economists (such as yourself) who frame everything with costs, prices, human desires and self interest that want to drive the technology design to create markets and profits -  winners and losers for business on the back of a tool for consumers. Then you have the technologists who frame everything with neutrality, elegant design, and resilience to interference who perceive the ability of the system o be influenced by human wants, needs and desires as an anathema to be engineered out of tool for everyone.
@_date: 2016-02-25 13:59:25
It is irrelevant if a system is decentralized or centralized if it works. What you can't do is monetize decentralized systems easily. So no. It is a battle between those that want to make money from it (the centralists) and those that want a free and open system for everyone (the decentralists).
@_date: 2016-02-24 13:26:53
OK. Lets get one thing clear.
Miner != Node
Miners make coins and stamp transactions into the blockchain - Huge processing power required small disk space.
[Full] Nodes transmit transactions to each other and verify the miners stamped transactions - Huge disk space required but little processing power.
Both are needed!
Miners get paid and are becoming centralised into data centers. 
[Full] Nodes get zilch remuneration but can be run on a phone as long as there is enough disk space and unlimited network usage.
Biggest usb/SDC cards are about 64GB (128GB just appearing). Very few unlimited usage mobile data plans  - bandwidth cost per MB prohibitively expensive.
There is no technical limitation to wide-scale adoption of full nodes except the cost of mobile services and disk size but Bitcoin disk usage is out-pacing memory stick technology. Of course they have zero incentive to buy big disks and use expensive data plans unlike Miners who get paid to do their work.
Miners must be run on dedicated hardware and preferably lots of them. There is no getting away from that as it is dictated by Bitcoins DNA (the proof of work algorithm) so they will naturally coalesce into huge data centers in countries where electricity is cheap. 
@_date: 2016-02-24 13:53:16
Yes. The problem is that the design is being dictated by economists so the main thrust of development is to monetize the block chain directly and make it easier to centralize so that gatekeepers can charge fees.
This is really a battle of ideologies: Technical Vs Economic. 