@_author: sara_macomber
@_date: 2018-09-18 21:38:21
The price of Bitcoin has been expanding and cooling since the big bang. As far as humans know, it will continue to do so until life is no longer possible. Robust.
@_date: 2018-09-27 12:25:09
Yeah I'd always recommend getting your hands on a bit of gold, but don't go crazy with it. Gold bugs will tell you that the entire economy is going to collapse next year and that your only protection is physical gold because the real price without derivatives is in the 10's of thousands per ounce. Now, even if the economy did collapse, do you really think that many people would be willing to trade food for gold?
Regardless of that, it is still a good investment to have. I flip physical gold on a several year cycle. It's another way to diversify. Take a few ounces when it's low (like now) and then wait until the Fed stops their nonsense and it comes back up. Should be a year or two from now.
@_date: 2018-09-24 09:24:57
Yes, true. You don't see charts like this very often. Only in assets that turn into giant bubbles. Look at dotcom, biotech, and marijuana stocks for some good examples. Bitcoin is quite different, however, in the principle of decentralized exchange of money that surrounds it is actually groundbreaking.
Which is why we need to spend it too! You can't just hold it to the moon! Any reasonable asset is meant to be bought and sold. Try paying your rent with it or something. You'll be proud of yourself.
@_date: 2018-09-19 19:55:39
Look at that chart: it's like an immense amount of money was taken out of Bitcoin, dumped into Tilray, pulled back out, and back into Bitcoin again...?
@_date: 2018-09-30 20:22:35
Governments can't compute what Bitcoin is. It's so far off the map that they don't even know which direction to point. Their protocol can't handle it, so there is no way that they would even think about buying it. How can you be so sure that all governments are buying? Where did you get this information?
Just look at how they react. First they ban, then they backtrack and tax. They are probably all standing around in brightly lit meeting rooms asking each other how they can come to grips with this beast. They can't buy it, it would be like admitting defeat. 
@_date: 2018-09-23 20:47:16
Exactly. Don't get overly excited at a peek above the line and dump your inheritance into it. Many breakouts have turned to fake outs, even over the daily. There could be a few of them before it turns real. 
Sentiment is growing positive with BAKKT, Lightening, and more adoption. But that is still speculative, so it's no guarantee. It's just something to hope for at this stage. We can all *wish* for it to get higher, but that's not going to have any real effect on the price.
@_date: 2018-09-11 20:58:31
Of course CNN is going to take extreme examples and then paint them as a common case. What about the people who made millions with crypto? The people who multiplied their money by thousands? Of course, we don't hear about them. But anyone with common sense can figure that if something goes up so high, someone must have made money. Just like the .com bubble, the subprime mortgage crisis, the Asian crisis, and on and on...
Don't visit their page, don't give them attention. They don't deserve your clicks.