@_author: sarcassafras
@_date: 2015-06-29 20:11:57
So the fact that you "think there are some limits or something" led to you make the claim that "local Bitcoin is their ONLY option?" Perhaps dial it down a bit, we get that you want the currency to succeed. No need for ridiculous claims that weren't even thought out.
@_date: 2014-05-22 13:21:45
this sounds researched. i like this guy.
@_date: 2015-05-13 19:39:18
I'd be willing to bet he was going for simple past tense here. "I saw this on my feed today," not "I have seen this on my feed today" who says that? many kids use seen as a past tense slang incorrectly, they most certainly do not imply an "I've." 
@_date: 2015-05-13 19:43:02
you think "I saw this on my feed today" is worse than saying "I have seen this on my feed today," when simply trying to state a past tense action? Am I in the twilight zone? 
@_date: 2015-07-06 16:19:54
Just like people would spend the 1-2 days to learn how to trade stocks on their own instead of using brokers? Many people simply don't want to be bothered with doing things when they can pay a small fee to have it done for them, by someone who does only that thing, and it known to be very good at it.
@_date: 2015-07-06 16:15:52
Agreed. Furthermore, having a basic knowledge of both Stock trading and Bitcoin functionality, if we still need stockbrokers at this point in time given all of the personal trading options available, then we will most certainly need them if/when Bitcoin enters the investment banking scene. At the surface, it is a far more complicated concept than stock trading, and people will certainly still seek personal assistance. As long as IBs do not refuse to adapt to BTC if the market is demanding it, not much will change for major IBs, outside of trading in yet another ccy. 
@_date: 2015-11-03 05:22:07


"It is becoming increasingly clear to banks and financial institutions that bitcoin and blockchain technology will become an important part of the future delivery of financial services based on media coverage and investments by other large banks. As investors realize that many of the applications will be built on the bitcoin blockchain, they eventually arrive at the conclusion that if these applications succeed the price of the bitcoin currency will go up."
I'm not saying you're fundamentally wrong, but a quick Google search shows that Wedbush Securities is at least a functioning group, so the source seems to at the very least be somewhat credible. I don't know if that quite quantifies as "from their asses."
@_date: 2015-11-03 04:43:20
so the Bloomberg article is incorrect? where would they get that idea from?
@_date: 2015-03-10 14:19:14
I'm not very well versed in Bitcoin, but I assume these fees to be earned by miners are significantly less than the existing reward of 25 bitcoins per block mined, correct? And obviously, fees could never approach anywhere close to that value because than spending simply wouldn't make sense as you mentioned. From a broad perspective, it seems that the appeal of mining will drop off severely, as the work involved will be identical, and the reward will be just a fraction of what it is. This obviously seems like an issue the creators of Bitcoin considered and understood, but am I way off? Furthermore, what happens if a block simply doesn't get mined for a long period of time due to this lack of appeal? Isn't the main draw of bitcoin security and prevention of double spending? Could these delays/lack of block chain generations totally defeat the purpose? Does a bitcoin transaction not become complete until the block it exists in is mined? What is the typical turnaround time? Sorry all over the place.
@_date: 2015-03-10 14:28:59
who will pay these fees? people conducting transactions? won't these fees collected be miniscule compared to existing block rewards? How could fees come anywhere close to a block reward without making transactions too expensive to transact? Won't the work involved remain the exact same (not factoring in increased computing power)? Therefore, are we depending on miners to do the same exact thing they're doing now, for way less reward, or the currency literally grinds to a halt due to blocks ceasing to be mined?
@_date: 2015-03-10 15:28:32
Thank you for your response. I assume the number of transactions in a block does not effect the difficulty of mining that block? 
Also one other tangent; (forgive my inevitably incorrect verbiage) my understanding is that if anyone attempts to alter a hashed code of a block already added to the chain, the output will change and make it immediately evident the chain was attempted to be tampered with and the change will be rejected. Although obviously extremely difficult, I assume it's theoretically possible to completely alter a block of transactions in a way that the output would remain unchanged. Using current mining techniques I assume this is essentially ludicrous and would be potentially considered impossible. But is it? I assume this is one of those cases where someone involved in mining (or programming in general) would understand the impossibility of this, but the general population, not understanding the depth of the process, would cease to understand this, and hence, not feel secure. 
It jsut seems to me that the intuition of the security is so high level that it somewhat defeats the purpose because it will never be fully understood by the general population to harness widespread adoption.
@_date: 2015-10-09 13:50:39
what was the clue? Cryptocurrency permanently stuck in limbo? Dedicated users in denial? 