@_author: sardiath
@_date: 2019-07-16 18:21:21
What improvements are possible working within the architecture of BTC? It's not a plastic medium. The only way that usability can improve, as far as I can see it, is through the use of brokerages which handle the backend of transactions, wallets, mining, etc. Things that are already happening with robinhood, squarecash, and coinbase. What's the point of a decentralized currency if the safe, reliable, and user-friendly avenues to use it only exist in such brokerages?
@_date: 2019-07-16 19:41:40
1: Bitcoin is a decade old. How early are we really?
2: You didn't respond to the meat of what I was trying to say, so I'll repeat it here. Bitcoin as a P2P system of currency is not meant to change. It is not meant to be altered. The very decentralization that everyone alleges to be in support of is what keeps bitcoin from substantially evolving. If you mean that, eventually, some non-btc Cryptocurrency will solve the myriad problems bitcoin has, I can buy that. If you think that bitcoin itself will change substantially to improve this, I think you don't have a very good grasp on what exactly bitcoin is.
@_date: 2019-07-16 18:24:17
My point is would you give this much of a shit about bitcoin if A: You were not personally invested in its success and B: if it could not make you personally wealthy in USD? If bitcoin never moved from 10k from now until eternity, would you still use it?
@_date: 2019-07-16 17:33:32
Everybody in this sub talks about BTC as an investment, not as a commodity with its own value. Where is the transition point from bitcoin being this wildly fluctuating stock that you all hope will make you millionaires into a feasible replacement for currency that my mom would reasonably be able to use? How does the economics/sustainability of mining possibly scale up to the point that even a significant plurality of humans on this planet could use it?
Basically do you all actually see this as something useful with real value or is it just something you're throwing money at hoping that it throws more money back at you?