@_author: sarkat
@_date: 2015-11-08 00:28:56


Of course, and that is different to current situation how exactly? What, you can't take a loan from anyone? Just to the all of the problems with starting a new company another one will be added - how to find a trustworthy individual who has enough cash and willing to share it? That's how banks appeared in the first place.


I'm not really sure how FED works, I'm not American, maybe all your banks have that power. But out here only the Central Bank (actually only its specific division) can "print money", and Central Bank is a non-profit organization answerable to the Government and only gives out loans to the banks, common financial institutions cannot "print money" under the threat of prosecution.


They can't, even though they found a workaround. They do it by selling the debts to investors and loaning out newly acquired cash again. So they are not just loaning out $1000 with only $100 reserve, they loan out $100, then sell the 'IOU' for $100, and loan out $100 again, rinse, repeat - it's a shuffle. Nothing would change with bitcoin, instead of shuffling dollars they would shuffle bitcoins.


The problem is not if they are good or bad, the problem that angel investors cannot cover all the needs for loans in an economy. They can cover a small percentage, but nowhere near the volume given out by banks daily. You really-really underestimate the amount of non-transfer operations banks operate with.
Of course, the undivisible nature of bitcoin will limit some of the actions. But it will never replace banking function, because it cannot do that by the sheer power of vivid imagination.
@_date: 2015-11-07 18:38:42
Are you really implying that the main function of banks is to transfer money?
Main function of the banks is money distribution. They issue loans and keep savings. Money transfer is just a secondary bank function that can be overtaken with virtual currency, but I wonder how do you propose getting a startup capital without banks. Ask local mafia?
@_date: 2015-11-07 22:55:45
I'm sorry, are you saying that bitcoin will somehow magically remove the need for loans or getting interest on your cash?
Bitcoin in its best way is a currency. It's a peculiar currency with some interesting properties, but it's still just a currency.


They are giving you X bitcoins and they expect you to pay them back X+Y bitcoins, duh. How does that defeat "the point and the crypto" of the bitcoin? 
Anyway, do you imagine the world that still uses currency but has no loans? It's a rural backcountry at best and dystopia at worst. Just think for a second that to start a, say, small grocery shop you will need to get all the cash (in this case, bitcoins) to rent a place, purchase all the products, hire staff, lease a truck and pay advance to the suppliers - all of that without a penny incoming from the sales that you haven't even started yet. Who would be able to do that? Only rich people that inherited the wealth or large corporations. 
Or you could have banks that will give you a loan of 1000 bitcoins with the condition that they will expect payment of 1100 bitcoins in 12 months. So with that in mind you can hire the stuff, lease the truck, embellish your shop and start selling stuff, getting your profits and raking in money so that the extra 100 you need to repay the bank will not hinder you much. Repeat the same process for each next shop in your small network. That's how even a poor guy with a good business plan, will and ability to work can start a business. And that's the role of the banks.


So... mafia? Or hunting for venture capitalists? Why? Do you really think it's a better idea to beg for some angel investors to choose your small grocery store instead of a hundred more interesting things just because of your irrational hatred of banking institutions? I don't get it, why break something that already works better than the options? An easy way to get cash with a clearly set interest rate is worse than hunting for elusive angel investor... how?
@_date: 2015-11-08 00:37:50
No, transfers are moving someone else's cash through your system to someone else. Loans are giving out your cash to others with interest rate, and deposits are the same in reverse. The operation of crediting and debiting accounts can be the same, but the nature of the operation is very much different.
Pouring water from one glass to another serves a completely distinct function from drinking the water from a glass, even though technically you just place the water in a different container.
@_date: 2013-11-15 06:12:01
So in case he gets ass-screwed, he'll pay not only with dignity but with savings too? Basically double-screwed?
Neat. BRB making the tattoo.