@_author: sarth
@_date: 2014-09-08 18:20:31
he is just a model for this video as it looks
@_date: 2014-03-11 14:41:22
Decentralized internet is our future:  
(or text version: 
@_date: 2014-07-11 14:46:29
@_date: 2014-03-26 02:45:58
If you want to enter the game as a decentralized application, starting as a currency to obtain a wide distribution is a good place to start. All of the above mentioned projects have had problems with integration and distribution. Nxt platform started as the first pure Proof of Stake cryptocurrency in November 2013, and since then - in just a few short months - it has gained more than 20.000 users. The first part of BCNext’s plan, the anonymous inventor of Nxt, was spreading the monetary system among as many users as possible to create a network of decentralized P2P computers (nodes). This network is based on a lightweight client running on each connected node, so it can send data directly P2P. Thanks to the new code, it can provide up to 100 transactions per second.
 
Nxt uses an efficient system to maintain the network by using much lower processing power and electricity than is needed for Bitcoin and its clones (see Nxt Network Energy and Cost Efficiency Analysis). It is important to stay decentralized, by forming the Nxt network from thousands of users from all over the world, so this system cannot be censored. You cannot point to any owner of the Nxt system. Ordinary users don't own Nxt coins, they only know the passphrase to a Nxt brainwallet. This means that no legal entity can take Nxt coins from you… There is no creator to blame, no specific user to arrest, and you cannot take the Nxt network down. Nobody can censor P2P networks. Nxt also is not vulnerable to 51% attacks like Bitcoin, so even if someone owns 90% of all Nxt coins, the Nxt network is secured thanks to Transparent Forging algorithms.
 
Nxt evolved after the second part BCNext's plan was revealed. Nxt coins cannot only be used as currency, they can also be the building blocks to implement any other project on top of the Nxt platform. Different people may have different ideas. Nxt will provide a platform for easy creation of new currencies. Thousands of cryptocurrencies can be built on top of the Nxt network. They are maintained on Nxt blockchain, but they will have their own environment. Also, people can use assets to issue new coins, so they can easily create their own monetary system via the recently implemented asset exchange. All will be secured by Nxt’s green and attack-proof environment. It is up to the creators of those coins, whether their currency will be Proof of Work (Dogecoin), Stake (Peercoin), Bandwidth (Lakshmi, Bitcloud), Burn (Counterparty) or even Learning and Content (UNITAS project). These coins can be used for different purposes– as redeemable "points" and "credits" for businesses and organizations, as redeemable tokens for prepurchases, or local community and even national currencies. Iceland is introducing Auroracoin, when half of all coins will be sent to all of the Iceland inhabitants. Nxt could eventually replace even US Dollars.
 
Nxt applications similar to Twitter and Viber (messages app) are now available. Soon, the first game built on top of the Nxt network will be published: a decentralized Poker game. It is very simple to create new applications for Nxt. Nxt will be like Lego for cryptocurrencies. Developers can build anything they imagine on top of Nxt.
Nxt Arbitrary Messages lead us to the true decentralized web - torrent files have already been sent via this network. With multiple parallel blockchains running side-by-side, Nxt will be able to provide cloud storage and file sharing apps. The principle behind these applications is using different blockchains for different purposes: one for file storage, one for messages, and so on. Each app will use only a specific blockchain(s) and won't be spammed by the others. Additionally, with blockchain pruning, users will not need to download large blockchains as they do now with Bitcoin and its forks.
 
Other functions based on Zerocoin and mixing services can provide a completely anonymous infrastructure that was originally built in the Phantom protocol - a decentralized network that focuses on the anonymization of users. Currently, Bitcoin and Nxt are only pseudonymous - transactions from the same account can still be linked to each other. With the Zerocoin feature integrated into the NXT core, it will be mathematically infeasible to link the particular coins used by each user.
 
Decentralized computing systems built on the Nxt platform could locally solve all kinds of research projects. Thanks to the extremely fast Nxt network, home computers can work on mathematical projects so their owners may receive crypto coins. With built-in decentralized exchanges, such coins can be immediately exchanged for other coins. Currently being tested, the decentralized Asset Exchange allows users to transform these coins into assets for fiat currencies, shares or commodities such as silver and gold. Anyone can use these exchanges without any restrictions of high fees. Asset exchange will replace “kickstarter websites” because with Nxt you can create a kickstarter crowdfunding project without any 3rd party.
 
Nxt uses small fees, and these fees are always returning to the users who maintain the Nxt network. While fees in VISA or PayPal system go to the centralized corporations, in the Nxt ecosystem, they are distributed fairly between users. While Bitcoin is capable of 7 transactions per second (TPS), Nxt is going to have 100 and then even 1000 TPS, so Nxt payment network might replace VISA eventually.
 
Nxt will be soon cooperating with DAC (Distributed Autonomous Corporations), such as Bitcloud or ArkOS. Automated Transactions, the Turing-complete scripts, are already being developed. With Bitcloud, nodes on a mesh network can be rewarded financially for routing traffic in a brand new mesh network. This removes the need for Internet Service Providers. The goal is always same: to replace YouTube, Dropbox, Facebook, Spotify, and others with decentralized, open source alternatives.
ArkOS and Nxt systems are very ecofriendly, you can run Nxt on a Raspberri Pi too. Possible merging of these projects may lead to a future of free, decentralized and green internet. Especially if the programs created on top of Nxt network used applications similar to ArkOS.
 
Currently, United States Federal Grants have been used to invest into installing Fiber Optic Cables. The fiber was installed and then control turned over to Kitsap County Public Utility District. Then, it was forbidden from selling access to this fiber. So instead, they have installed a free mesh network providing access to the communities of Poulsbo, Bainbridge Island, Bremerton, and Port Orchard. NXT Cubietrucks or Odroids connected to federally funded community WIFI mesh connections will connection redundancy to the Nxt network.
 
Another example of the grassroots deployment of a Commotion Wireless firmware based mesh network is in Brooklyn New York following Hurricane Sandy at the request of the local authorities. This mesh network exists to this day and is served by a donated fiber optic backhaul. The network serves over 500 residents who access it with iPhones, Androids, and other WIFI client devices. The mesh network was deployed by a small group of wireless networking enthusiasts utilizing Ubiquiti Networks Picostations and Nanostations and federally unlicensed wireless spectrum.
 
The third part of BCNext's plan will be released on April 2014. It will most likely be his idea about building all kinds of decentralized applications on top of Nxt’s green network. Since the Nxt system is democratic and users will be able to vote on all important decisions, people do not have to follow BCNext's plans and can continue with Nxt as a simple currency. This is one of the most important aspects of Nxt: the creator BCNext has no power over Nxt and he cannot control its development. All the power is in the hands of independent developers and code reviewers, with input from the community. He can only suggest new ideas, but he cannot implement them directly in the protocol. Nxt has no benevolent dictator, no sponsoring company or corporation. Instead Nxt is organized around active users and contributors. Some people have already begun to work on new coins and other implementations, so BCNext's plan will likely be fulfilled as well as inspire new ideas.
@_date: 2014-03-30 12:30:34
Simply mine Nxt on multipool: 
- Nxt is vulnerable to 90% attacks + you cannot attack Nxt by hashrate because it is Proof of Stake :) 
@_date: 2014-03-19 22:54:11
Would you like to write about the future cryptocurrencies? Nxt is already here: justpaste.it/nxt-introduction-4-journalists
@_date: 2014-03-05 11:26:14
It is already prepared: 
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:15:52
 half million dollars bounties
@_date: 2014-03-28 01:06:26
we need decentralized exchanges ASAP :) Nxt platform will launch asset exchange soon, you can test it here:  - hopefully in few weeks we won't have such problems with either governments or hackers :D
@_date: 2014-04-06 22:57:39
Nxt decentralized exchange: forums:  Try on testnet without installations:  (asset exchange)
@_date: 2014-09-08 17:16:25
Paypal created a video supporting Bitcoin just 4 days ago - new info, actors identified: 
@_date: 2014-03-21 20:26:29
I think Nxt is much more ahead of them, because it has much faster and cheapter network 