@_author: sasrsd
@_date: 2017-01-28 04:35:51
I guess that there were at least some BU-supporting readers who didn't speak up (because not everyone posts--and you know how quickly supporting you can result in getting ridiculed and downvote brigaded over there) who might have been prompted to think a little about their estimations of the BU team's competency. I know that I for one appreciate learning about the concerns involved in development with specific examples--though I'll admit it didn't change my mind on anything since I had little faith in their competency to begin with.
@_date: 2017-01-28 04:35:01
If it were easy to shove through changes to the software in the face of extreme disagreement in the community, that would put bitcoin at a major risk of being destroyed.
This current state that bitcoin is in is not a sign of failure, but rather a sign of it's greatest strength.
For now, we are in a stalemate. Neither side has enough consensus to enable any change. Everyone has heard the same debates and arguments so many times, it seems doubtful many people are going to change their minds or that a true majority consensus is going to be reached any time soon.
We must realize that this is not bitcoin 'failing', this is bitcoin succeeding. Bitcoin must be extremely resistant to political change. Only overwhelming consensus within the community as a whole should produce a new version of the software.
We do not have that consensus today. It is a likely scenario we will never have that consensus. And, if that happens, then that's ok. Bitcoin will continue to function. It will continue to process transactions. It will continue to be traded on exchanges. People will continue to use it when and where it best makes sense for them. Off-chain solutions, be they centralized or not, will still occur; though perhaps not as elegantly as would be possible if certain features were deployed.
At this point there doesn't appear to be much each side can do to convince the other. At a recent conference of bitcoin thought leaders, more than 90% raised their hand when asked if they supported getting segwit activated as soon as possible. Meanwhile, a minority group continues to lobby actively against segwit, even though the feature provides significant on-scaling in the immediate short term.
We may well stay in a stalemate for a very long time, years, if not permanently. While segwit certainly makes some layer-2 technologies easier to implement, layer-2 solutions will still be developed and deployed even without it.
Maybe, eventually, segwit will be activated and deployed. Perhaps the reference client will switch development teams and deploy on-chain scaling solutions. Either of these things are possible, but neither will occur unless the community converges to an agreement on one solution.
@_date: 2017-01-28 04:35:32
The 300 td models are good for 300,000 miles minimum. in reality, like 500,000 miles. if you lived in a 3rd world country, that is not bad for reliability. I think they look kind of cool especially stanced but could not deal with the slowness and am unfamiliar with diesel tuning or what could be done.
@_date: 2017-01-28 04:34:48
Blocks are full because there are a lot of bitcoin transactions. Whether or not all these transactions need to be stored forever on thousands of computers around the world is another discussion, but yes, the block size can be increased greater than 1MB via a soft fork. Segwit, for example, increases the block size to an absolute max of 4MB, with a practical size of around 2MB. This actually translates to about 4x increase in on-chain transaction capacity.