@_author: sassywhat
@_date: 2014-07-07 08:45:27
CtrlShiftN doesn't hide you from the NSA. 
Information sits in a warehouse waiting to be used against you. Regardless of what you think about the current government, or how threatened you feel be the current trends, things can change with time and by the time you realize that back then, you had things to hide, it will be way too late to hide it. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 08:49:52
1. It's not half bad. I like FireFox because open source is just better, and Chrome because it's the new IE6 and websites are written only to work with WebKit bullshit. But IE is a decent browser. 
2. It's the best browser interface if you are into the whole getting fingerprints all over your screen thing. 
3. It's the most battery efficient browser. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 16:15:46
I think Bitcoin is exactly what Japan is used to. 
Cash is used everywhere. Bitcoin is digital cash, much unlike credit cards/etc. It would also probably be tied to cell phones, much like FeliCa which is already in use. 
@_date: 2014-04-21 02:31:10
It depends on what the datacenter is for. I doubt these guys value their uptime as much as to have more than a few hours of backup power. 
@_date: 2019-04-28 21:35:06


They are a horrible payment system from a usability perspective. I thought EMV contactless was slow and clunky (compared to FeliCa contactless), but QR code an order of magnitude slower and clunkier than both.
QR codes make sense to support one side being completely dumb, e.g., a inventory stickers (original use), the stickers on tables to pay, airplane boarding passes, signage, etc.., but if both sides can have electronics, QR codes suck. Just look at how clunky the transaction in the video was...
@_date: 2019-04-29 08:07:39


If you watch a QR code transit gate, you will see people have to mess with their phone and try again. I semi-regularly use Venmo QR code for payment, and it has failed on me a few times before. In the video you can actually see the merchant tap the screen to avoid a common failure mode of QR codes.
In particular, there are angles and lighting conditions where reflected light can overpower the phone screen; many apps have bugs where they don't properly override brightness/dimming/power saving options (especially on Android where its impossible to test on every single phone) which can lead to the screen being too dim or just turn off; most apps try to focus properly before attempting to parse the QR code (despite the QR code definitely being readable) so fingerprints/smudges/holding too close will mean the QR code never gets read even if it is readable.
QR codes were originally designed to be inventory stickers read by standardized hardware, and while they do work much much better than other barcode types when one or both sides are replaced with mobile phones (grumbles about shitty Starbucks mobile payment barcode), they cannot recover from all the issues introduced when one side is replaced by a mobile phone.


I've run into this a few times and it's generally been slow and painful. This is mainly Uber drivers trying to sell me snacks, so the moving platform exaggerates the negative effects of additional data transfer that this method incurs.


I generally just send people a Venmo ID. I could send them my Venmo QR code, but that would incur an additional step of scanning, and is generally worse. Of course, if they are my friend, they already have my Venmo ID saved. Actually, I'm pretty sure most people don't use QR codes for remote WeChat Pay either, and WeChat is basically the cheerleader for QR payments.


NFC stickers are pretty cheap and durable, and you don't have to aim the camera at all when using it. I don't actually mind QR codes on tables though, as that's actually a situation that is in the domain of what QR is optimized for.


You carry your smartphone everywhere already.


It's better to just send an ID, or a request through an app.


NFC is faster, more reliable, and more secure for IRL payments. Sending ID strings is better for remote payments. A QR code can do a shitty job of both, but I'm generally a fan of using the best tool for the job.
The main advantage of QR codes is that it allows the engineers to be lazy (which in turn allows bean counters to minimize upfront costs). It's just easier to implement a QR code payment system from the standpoint of the operator. This is why individual merchants tend to use QR codes (or some other, inferior barcode cough cough Starbucks) when supporting mobile devices. Operators that actually give a shit about user experience, like Apple or JREast push for NFC.
Of course, operators that give a shit about user experience will also push for dedicated merchant terminals, which raises costs a lot on small merchants like street food vendors. Therefore, despite NFC as a technology supporting it, in practice, no NFC payment system is cheap on the merchant side. This gives the illusion that QR codes are a lot cheaper than NFC, despite the technology being the same cost for phone+phone and only slightly more expensive for phone+passive.
@_date: 2019-04-29 06:55:46


Significantly slower when it works well, and significantly less reliable, which leads to retries, which leads to it being even slower.


Pretty much every phone supports NFC.


Presumably they also have a smartphone. NFC peer to peer payments is a thing, thought sadly not as popular as QR code trash. In addition, passive NFC tags are cheap, though a lot of the security and performance advantages are lost because it would still be the same confirming transaction on customer screen shit.


QR code payments are relatively slow and unreliable. Just watch people going through a QR code transit gate vs an EMV transit gate vs a FeliCa transit gate. People have to slow down when walking through an EMV gate to make sure the transaction has time to clear, and people literally have to stop at QR gates to confirm the transaction clears before moving on and semi-frequently have to fiddle with their phones and retry.
@_date: 2015-03-18 03:37:17
You can make ASICs to brute force AES128. I was trying to say that even with a farm of ASICs built to brute force AES128, you aren't going to be cracking boatloads of AES128 encrypted messages, you'd be beyond-lottery-tier lucky to crack even one. 
@_date: 2015-03-18 02:40:04
I don't think AES128 is something you can do even with a farm of ASICs. 