@_author: sateropl
@_date: 2018-01-12 07:53:38
It wasn’t the transfer ID, it was the transaction hash.  They finally broadcasted it hours later and it showed up in the mempool and then made it onto a block, but this was hours after them posting the transaction hash on my account.  There needs to be better transparency on these transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-17 10:08:49
Since were talking Trevor, here’s an interesting article comparing vulnerabilities in the two main hardware wallets:
@_date: 2017-12-27 02:52:25
@_date: 2017-12-14 03:16:22
An economic cleansing can be healthy in the long run.  
As Warren Buffet has said, (and Anton Antonopolous as well), only when the tide goes out do you discover who’s been swimming naked.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:16:11
Why didn't you use Coinbase's GDAX interface?  You wouldn't have paid miner fees... 
@_date: 2017-12-05 03:37:27
Thanks for the great response.  Is it possible to download the blockchain in advance to my main computer, save it on an external hard drive and then copy it onto the device that I would use to run a full node?  There would be new blocks attached to the blockchain by then but at least there would be less data to download?
@_date: 2017-12-14 02:18:08
As someone else posted, isn’t raising the interest rate a good thing?  The argument on this sub tends to be that the US dollar is getting diluted because of low interest rates and increased government borrowing, so wouldn’t the Fed raising interest rates be a good thing under this argument?
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:21:02
They are both run by the same company, GDAX is the exchange for coinbase.  So I would they’re not safer on one or the other, as far as I know.
@_date: 2017-12-05 22:16:36
Hey do you know whether the light wallet mines 2 transactions or is it just the full node wallet that does this?  Also with regard to tangle network, what does it mean to mine a transaction?  
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:03:45
Thanks, with a 1024Gb internet plan with 50Mbps download and 5Mbps upload, what would you recommend setting my connection limit to?
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:59:33
I’ve seen a post or two on that, will it effectively run a full node?  Also how much data is used per day approximately, I’m trying to figure out if I would need to upgrade my ISP plan to a higher one.  I currently have a 1024 Gb data high speed internet plan which gives me 50Mbps download and 5Mbps upload speed.  If this is insufficient, would I need to upgrade my internet plan to?
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:57:16
CHICAGO—One June morning in 2012, a college dropout whom securities traders call “The Russian” logged on to his computer and began trading Brent-crude futures on a London exchange from his skyscraper office here.
Over six hours, Igor Oystacher’s computer sent roughly 23,000 commands, including thousands of buy and sell orders, according to correspondence from the exchange to his clearing firm reviewed by The Wall Street Journal. But he canceled many of those orders milliseconds after placing them, the documents show, in what the exchange alleges was part of a trading practice designed to trick other investors into buying and selling at artificially high or low prices.
Traders call the illegal bluffing tactic “spoofing,” and they say it has long been used to manipulate prices of anything from stocks to bonds to futures. Exchanges and regulators have only recently begun clamping down.
Igor Oystacher, co-founder of 3Red Group in Chicago, faces investigations into his securities trading.
The 33-year-old Mr. Oystacher referred inquiries to a spokesman for his firm, 3Red Group LLC, who declined to comment for this story. In his clearing firm’s correspondence with the exchange, Mr. Oystacher—co-founder of Chicago-based 3Red and well known in the clubby world of Chicago trading —is quoted as saying his trading is based on “analytics, statistical modeling and relative value theories.”
Mr. Oystacher’s trading activities on that day and others have been the focus of investigations by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or CFTC, and several exchanges into whether he broke securities laws or committed fraud, according to court documents, exchange correspondence and interviews with current and former associates. One exchange, CME Group Inc., in November banned him from trading on that exchange for a month after alleging he engaged in spoofing behavior; he didn’t admit or deny any rule violations in the case.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation and U.S. Attorney’s Office in Chicago have made inquiries into the trading of 3Red, according to a person familiar with the inquiries. The FBI and U.S. Attorney decline to comment.
The 2010 Dodd-Frank financial-overhaul law outlawed spoofing, but the tactic is still being used to manipulate markets, traders say. “Spoofing is extremely toxic for the markets,” says Benjamin Blander, a managing member of Radix Trading LLC in Chicago. “Anything that distorts the accuracy of prices is stealing money away from the correct allocation of resources.”
CME, the world’s largest futures exchange, put out rule clarifications in August 2014 intended to end spoofing. The second-largest, Intercontinental Exchange Inc., or ICE, followed suit last month.
The CFTC in November said CME should work more on identifying spoofing and said it took too long to bring enforcement actions. CME says it had already taken steps to address issues the CFTC raised, declining to comment further for this story. The CFTC and ICE decline to comment for this story.
The first criminal charges against an alleged spoofer were brought in October 2014 in Chicago. The Securities and Exchange Commission and CFTC have brought several civil spoofing cases since 2012.
Exchanges are wary of rushing investigations into market manipulation because they are among the most serious allegations they can make and are difficult to prove, says Craig Pirrong, a University of Houston finance professor. “They have to go through a huge amount of data and try to infer a trader’s intent to manipulate the market.”
Trader vs. trader
Spoofing is rapid-fire feinting. A spoofer might dupe other traders into thinking oil prices are falling, say, by offering to sell futures contracts at $45.03 a barrel when the market price is $45.05. After other sellers join in with offers at that lower price, the spoofer quickly pivots, canceling his sell order and instead buying at the $45.03 price he set with the fake bid.
The spoofer, who has now bought at two cents under the true market price, can later sell at a higher price—perhaps by spoofing again, pretending to place a buy order at $45.04 but selling instead after tricking rivals to follow. Repeated many times, spoofing can produce big profits.
Spoofing can be hard to define. There are many legitimate reasons to cancel orders. A trader might cancel after the market heads in an unexpected direction or when a news flash suggests a different trade is in order. Market-making firms continuously adjust and cancel orders as they monitor supply and demand for a particular security.
And some traders say it can be difficult to distinguish between illegal market manipulation and savvy tactics to conceal the size of an intended trade—a technique used by traders since financial markets’ earliest days.
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:40:29
Hey I had a similar thing happen to me on GDAX, I read your edit and it shows pending.  
A few days ago the same thing happened to me, my transfer request was on pending status for hours, and eventually I noticed the bitcoin ended up back in my bitcoin balance on gdax.  I think they were having problems transferring out at the time, I would say wait and see and try again if it doesn’t go through the first time, but don’t worry too much that you lost your coins especially if you see it pending on gdax. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:26:30
Hm that’s interesting, would think you would need at least one block confirmation before being able to send the same funds from the second location to the third location.  Are you talking about seeing your transfer in the mempool but hasn’t been included in a block yet?
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:46:20
The article is about a trader nicknamed “the Russian” and is about someone in the u.s. allegedly spoofing u.s. futures markets, it is not about Russia.
@_date: 2017-12-25 23:20:00
As others have said, while it may sound neat to be able to solve scientific numerical simulations as part of the block mining process, it defeats the purpose of why we have a POW algorithm in the first place, i.e. securing the network.  The SHA256 algorithm is essentially an inexhaustible puzzle space, can that be said about scientific numerical simulations?  What happens when the data to analyze runs out, and there's no longer a problem left to solve?  Even if the answer was yes to this, would these puzzles also have an equiprobable solution space?  With SHA256 each puzzle requires essentially the same amount of work.  Finally, are these scientific puzzles decentralized algorithmically generated problems, or is a central entity delegating the tasks?  If a central entity delegates the tasks then there is room for corruption.
If interested in listening to an intellectual discussion regarding this topic, please view the following UC Berkeley lecture which discusses the practical realities of using a Proof of Useful Work algorithm in a cryptocurrency model (28 minute mark):
