@_author: satheway
@_date: 2013-06-26 20:06:53
3) Currencies must act as a store of value. Yes, I've heard Ron Paul rant about the U.S. dollar losing 98% of its value since the creation of the Federal Reserve, and I've seen the charts, but those chart and comments as misleading as they are, cover a 100 year time period. That works out to be an annual compounded rate of inflation of approximately 3.75%, or about 0.98% if you use a simple average of losing 98 out of 100 over 100 years. The point being, under the Federal Reserve inflation has been very moderate and relatively consistent and predictable. The Bitcoin dropped from about $260 to below $30 in a day, and closed at under $90. At its low the Bitcoin had lost a almost 90% of its value in a day. Even today at $100, the Bitcoin is still off over 60% from its peak value of less than 2 months ago. Sorry, but I'll take losing 98% over 100 years where I can plan and adjust for the inflation over randomly losing 60% in 2 months any day.
4) Currencies must be a unit of value. Yes a Bitcoin can be a unit of value, but not a very functional one. The Bitcoin is deliberately designed to be a highly deflationary perfectly inelastic currency. The Bitcoin went from $0.05 to $260 in a few short years. Imagine the "menu costs" involved with using the Bitcoin? The Bohemian Weed Shop down the street would go bankrupt simply re-printing price labels and menus to accurately reflect the ever changing price of their "medical" marijuana.
5) Most importantly, viable currencies must be legal and accepted as payment of taxes. The Bitcoin alternative "Liberty Reserve" was just raided for money laundering, and California's financial regulatory body is currently filing cease and desist orders against the Bitcoin Foundation. The irony of the State where Silicon Valley resides being the one to file charges should not be ignored. If California has a problem with Bitcoin, I'm pretty sure almost any other state that bother to take a look at it will too, let alone the Feds who have Article 1 Section 8 Clause 6 of the US Constitution making counterfeiting and competing currencies illegal.
        "The Congress shall have Power To...provide for the Punishment of counterfeiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States....
        Article I, Section 8, Clause 6
In conclusion, the theories that hold up the Bitcoin and concepts like "competing currencies" and "gold and silver as legal tender" are pillars made of sand. The facts are while they are alternatives to the US dollar or other currencies, their medicine is far worse than the illness. Our economics would be severely damaged if these alternative currencies every truly get accepted. The chaos and instability they would inject into our banking system would make 2008 look like amateur night at the Karaoke Bar. Worst yet, they give a false sense of hope to those that believe these theories. Just like gold was supposedly going to the moon, all bubbles eventually pop, and both gold and the Bitcoins are on the back side of a bubble. Bitcoin however has the added risk of having the Federal Government step in and shut them down, and with every new lawsuit filed, that likelihood becomes more and more probable. I know that isn't the popular opinion, nor was warning people about the pending gold collapse, but the analysis is what it is, and in my opinion both Bitcoin and gold are being supported by pillars made of sand.