@_author: satoshinakamotorolaa
@_date: 2015-09-14 10:54:18
It doesn't matter at what rate you use Bitcoin (by "using Bitcoin" I guess you mean converting to fiat.) trying to fool them.
Every time you convert to fiat, it gets logged somewhere. Over time, all it does is this log getting bigger.
You may cash out $200 USD, then in 2 months you cash out 150, then a month later 120. Whatever, at random times.
It doesn't matter, at the end of the day a total log attached to you of 470 can be extracted, which is not much, but over years of usage, you may stack up an amount big enough for IRS or whatever to start investigating you.
So basically, I cannot think of any way to cash out BTC to fiat in a way were you avoid this. Sure, you can always meet in person with a guy from Localbitcoin, but isn't the deal sealed on the website first? (never done this before). 
So let's say you want 200 and you contact some dude from Localbitcoins.
You set a $200 deal with him and meet, you exchange the BTC for the cash, good. But in the website is logged that you did this, including the chatlogs and the quantity of money involved plus your IP along with your phone which you shared with the Localbitcoins guy to meet. So the anonymity of meeting IRL is just not there, unless you use Tor, unless you use a new account each time, and unless you use a prepaid number in a country where to buy a prepaid car they don't need that you fill a paper with data (less and less countries meet this criteria nowadays).
So, the only way to properly own Bitcoins anonymously is getting it from a job where your credentials aren't involved in the payment, then, to cash it out, it's simply impossible to do it anonymously. It always involves a certain trust into the other party. I haven't gone into the possibility of the LocalBitcoin guy being an undercover cop or being a "good samaritan" that see something looks fishy when he sees how you constantly request him for cash using different phone numbers or whatever.
So to sum it up: Yes you can cash out some money, but basically beer money (which defeats the purpose of being a Bitcoin millionaire). Forget about buying anything remarkable with Bitcoin anonymously if you want to be able to sleep at night. Sadly, we are stuck on the belly of this machine called goverment and fiat, no crypto anarchist dream for us.
If someone is able to prove this wrong im interested.
@_date: 2015-09-14 10:38:44
Seems like game over at 1 already. If you buy Bitcoin in a non-anonymous way, it will be logged somewhere that you own/owned X Bitcoin.
If you repeat this separately in a given period of time, it doesn't matter, it will be logged that you own/owned a total amount of X Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-09-14 11:05:30
Sad to see stuff like this. Let's just cope with it thinking we are still early adopters. 5 figures a BTC in a decade or bust.
@_date: 2015-09-14 01:25:38
And how are you supposed to do it?
First of all you can't buy it, as long as you buy it you are tied to the fiat system. All those lame workarounds like mixers etc are useless.
So lets say you got paid directly for a job you did (and not via absurd centralized payments like bitpay) let's say someone pays you directly.
What do you do with your bitcoin? You would be limited to shops that accept Bitcoin, and even then, you would be limited to buying small stuff with it never surpassing X amount of money to not raise alarms (the shops have your info tied to the transaction) plus they can open the package at customs.
So you are basically limited to buying small stuff. You will never be able to buy a car or real state while getting away with it.
So yes, we are tied to the goverment and fiat, and forced to tax our Bitcoin unless we limit our usage just like we limit our usage of cash for small amounts if you don't want to get that taxed.
@_date: 2015-09-14 14:16:43
So? Why do you shill Monero then. It was also known that you owned X currency before buying Monero.