@_author: satoshismarketplace
@_date: 2018-09-30 13:43:38
Not really the case. Bitcoin is distributed, not just in protocol development, but also software agreement, transaction relay and block propagation. 
Each full node operators are constantly checking and validating the state of the blockchain based on the rules they choose, essentially, voting for/against their perceived version of 'Bitcoin'. 
It is very different from say a centralised software, say an Uber app. Although Uber's app it is open/public for anyone with the resource and ability (a smartphone and internet connection), its governance model is nothing close when compared to Bitcoin's. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 02:03:06
The transaction was instant! I paid right before collecting the car.
@_date: 2018-09-30 03:20:11
Wonders of the never ending cycle.
@_date: 2018-09-28 09:32:25
I am surprised Brisbane isn't on the list! 
A local startup - TravelbyBit alone has helped more than 150 merchants to accept crypto payments. 
Also, Brisbane Airport is fully crypto friendly, we've counted at least 20 stores that accept bitcoin there.
@_date: 2018-09-30 09:46:06
Other than his outspokenness on Bitcoin(look up his interviews and tweets, they are excellent IMO), his books such as *The Black Swan*, *Fooled By Randomness*, and *Antifragile* are great books to undertsand the anti-establishment nature that led to the rise Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-30 02:45:25
EDIT: Formatting
* Step 1: "What tf is this Bitcoin thing?"
* Step 2: Read about bitcoin(the currency), completely oblivious to Bitcoin(the protocol)
* Step 3: "I don't like Bitcoin, but i like the underlying technology, Blockchain." (aka I dont understand Bitcoin or Blockchain but want to sound cool)
* Step 4: "I still hate Bitcoin, but now I like the alternatives more!" Proof of Stake! Proof of Unicorn Dust!
* Step 5: Still doesn't understand Blockchain, but invest in shitcoins anyway.
* Step 6: Shitcoins pump. *Adds 'crypto investor' 'ICO advisor' 'Blockchain Expert' to their social media bio.*
* Step 6: Shitcoins dumps. *loses life savings.*
* Step 7: Somehow Bitcoin is to blame for this. "It is all the Bitcoin supporters' fault for bad mouthing my favourite shitcoin and now they are worthless!"
* Step 8: "Oooooh a new shitcoin. Shut up and just take my money already!"
* Step 9: Gets rekt by pump and dumpers again. *loses whatever remained of their life savings.*
* Step 10: Somehow it's the Bitcoiners' fault again, but this time for not doing more to warn you to stay away from shitcoins. *Tells all their friends to stay away from Bitcoin*
* Step 11: "Fuck Bitcoin, I'll focus on Blockchain." *shamefully removes 'crypto trader' and 'ICO advisor' from Instagram bio, keeps 'Blockchain Expert' title.*
* Step 12: "Oh new shitcoins!" But now is left without any money to invest so they asks their family and friends to invest in a new 'next big thing since Bitcoin' every 3 months.
* Step 13: *Family and friends loses life savings.* Gets ostracised by family and friends. But somehow, Uncle Tom managed to get out before the dump and now he just bought a new Mercedes. *Goes into a silent jealousy rage.*
* Step 14: Still doesn't understand Bitcoin or Blockchain, but starts writing blogs about why no one would care about Bitcoin, and why only Blockchain will work. Title goes something like "10 reason Bitcoin will fail/is a scam" "Bitcoin is a fad, but Blockchain will live on and change the world"
* Step 15: *Gets bombarded by people in the space for writing these articles with a complete lack of understanding on Bitcoin and Blockchain.* Suddenly you turned yourself into a meme.
* Step 16: Gets ostracised by the Internet. Fades away in shame.
* Step 17: *Research about Bitcoin (properly this time) to write a more nasty article to prove yourself right.*
* Step 18: Read the Bitcoin whitepaper from cover to cover for the first time. "wait a minute.."
* Step 19: Read about Wei Dai's experiment on b-money, Nick Szabo's bit gold, Adam Back's Hashcash, and Hal Finney's Reusable Proof-Of-Work (rPOW). "wait... mind blown, why didn't anyone show me these before"
* Step 20: Read books from Nassim Taleb. "wait... now i kinda get it"
* Step 21: Finished reading 'The Bitcoin Standard' by Saifedean Ammous. "Holyshit! Mind blown x20"
* Step 22: Congratulations, you are now enlightened. Now you understand the history of money, the Gold Standard, what is inflation, what is central banking, what is Bitcoin, why was it created, what were its predecessors and why they didn't work out, how does Bitcoin(the protocol) work, and why the world needs a decentralised leaderless, censorship-resistant protocol like Bitcoin.
* Step 23: You realised the path of Bitcoin enlightenment is a never ending journey, and you continue learning.
@_date: 2018-09-10 02:00:48
You would be surprised how many signs there are around Brisbane, especially at the airport, CBD and Fortitude Valley! My personal favourite has to be X-Cargo, a super cool bar made out of shipping containers at the valley.
@_date: 2018-09-10 01:54:20
You nailed it. Australia is an expensive place to live no doubt, but for those who are curious about the car wash prices here, a self-service carwash station or one of those auto wash tunnels would cost you around $10 per use. A basic hand wash will set you back around $25, and from there onwards, prices can range from $40 to upwards of $250 depending on the level of detail.
@_date: 2018-09-10 07:59:58
TravelbyBit's merchants can choose to receive their payment in BTC or fiat. I'm not sure about this merchant, but some merchants i've met say they chose to keep BTC since it is just a small portion of their total sales.
@_date: 2018-09-09 14:19:29
The system belongs to a local startup, TravelbyBit, who focuses on creating crypto tourism routes across Australia. I suppose it makes it easier for tourists to visualise how much are they spending in their local currencies. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 02:05:00
The merchants set the price of their goods/services in $AUD, the bitcoin price is based off the latest exchange rate.
@_date: 2018-10-07 11:56:57
Maybe he's just the president of the 'Brisbane Taekwondo Centre' 
[It's a legit thing](
@_date: 2018-10-01 13:23:56


If you can't tell the difference between 'decentralisation' and 'distributed centralisation', perhaps that is why you still seem confused in regards to this topic. I don't blame you. 


No one is forced to obey the rules in Bitcoin. There are thousands of competing blockchains with varying degrees of design for a reason. AFAIK most people are doing quite the opposite, sacrificing inconvenience in their everyday lives to learn, use, and build on this new technology.


Yes in Bitcoin you are free to choose your own rules or behaviour, but you can't force people to accept your version of the truth. Fun fact: it happens all the time.


The 'set of rules' is the one that every node in the network collectively chooses to adhere to. If a large enough majority of the network chooses to appoint a new set of rules for whatever reasons, what happens is that the network will be split in two by what we call a contentious hard fork, and life goes on. Try doing the same to any centralised services or government mandated laws, you'd be sued or thrown in jail, or both.
@_date: 2018-10-07 11:50:05
And there are more!
[Link to all other bitcoin vanity plates currently for sale in AU](
@_date: 2018-10-03 01:49:59
@_date: 2018-10-01 14:16:30


Although the 'rules' might be initiated by a small group in the early days of Bitcoin, this is inevitable for a project that was shunned by almost anyone when Satoshi came up with the original proposal. 
But the nature of an open sourced decentralised protocol like Bitcoin makes it impossible for any groups to unilaterally decide upon changes that the rest of the network is forced to accept. 
To quote you a few notable examples, since 2013, there were a group of developers and a few highly notable Bitcoin OGs who were very outspoken on what they think Bitcoin should be. (and there is nothing wrong with that)
These group of people were forcing a change in protocol in Bitcoin multiple times, trying to fork Bitcoin under own code versions. Each attempt, Bitcoin Classic, Bitcoin XT, Bitcoin Unlimited, failed to gain the traction they needed from the majority of the network to survive a hard fork. 
It was only until 2017 where the scaling debate escalated, and the price movement of Bitcoin invited a huge number of newcomers that the entire movement gained decent traction. Also, it was also around the same time when a few large mining pools were discovered to be running a covert hardware efficiency exploit scheme, which the rest of the network quickly voted for a proposal to make it irrelevant in the next software version release.
With the community and miner support(evident from leak chatlogs between a group of Chinese mining pool operators), these group of people were able to successfully launch their own version of Bitcoin, and named it 'Bitcoin Cash'. 
Even so, Bitcoin stayed intact, life goes on for on both sides of the fence. Subsequently, there were more similar attempts which is why we are left with nearly 50 versions of 'Bitcoin' today.


There is a difference between forcing someone to obey the rules and relying on social consensus to decide if it is in everyone's best interest to play by an agreed upon set of rules. 
To illustrate this. A corrupt government forcing everyone to forfeit 50% of their asset because it is a 'new rule', is different than say a group of basketball players deciding to play a round of basketball within the set of rules. 
The difference is one set of rules only exists to benefit a few, hence would not have gotten majority consensus if it weren't implemented by force majeure, which sometimes can be life-threatening. The other set of rules are what the participants of the game mutually agreed to because it is in everyone's interest to do so. 
If you think that shooting from a three-point line should yield your team 6 points instead of 3 you are free to start a new sport where doing so yield you 6 points instead. If backed by enough traction, you've created a new sport. 
If you think this is ridiculous, look into the history of sports, that is literally how most 'new sports' was created/evolved into.
@_date: 2018-10-02 13:30:24
~~Yes the system relies on 0-conf.~~ Correction: Been notified that the system does not rely on 0-conf, we retract this statement.
Because the amount are usually small and transactions only happen in store, the chances of someone double spending is extremely small. 
Even if it happens, I don't see why they won't help the merchants cover for any loses. 
**P.S. We are not affiliated to the company who owns this system, we are simply speaking from a perspective of a user.**
@_date: 2018-10-01 13:42:14
Excellent write up. 
To further illustrate this, EOS has had Block Producers (BP) censor accounts one week into their mainnet launch, and in June, a central party trivially halt the network to fix a bug, and more recently, a group of BPs were exposed for collusion, mutual voting and pay-offs. 
If a blockchain cannot guarantee immutability and censorship-resistant, I can't see how are the trade-offs justified when one can achieve a similar if not the same outcomes by using more established and proven alternatives such as a SQL or DLT database.
@_date: 2018-10-02 13:52:21
Just to clarify that we are not affiliated with the company that owns this system. But we are stil happy to answer your question!
Users pay in Bitcoin, the AUD equivalent shown on the tablet is just so that the vendor and customer can visualise how much are they charging/spending. 
They also display the dollar amount in few other currencies to make it easier for users who are travelling from abroad.
@_date: 2018-10-02 13:25:01
I just sent the transaction with a 2 sat/byte fee via my wallet. Other than that, I didn't have to pay any merchant fees.
@_date: 2018-10-25 22:43:29
@_date: 2018-10-02 13:21:09
TravelbyBit owns and operates the system, who targets mostly travel and retail merchants.
Satoshi's Marketplace is a new startup that focuses on making Bitcoin commerce more accessible to online retailers.
Although we are not affiliated with TravelbyBit, but there are only so few of us working on Bitcoin adoption here that we kinda all know each other.
Yes, some merchants do accept Lightning payments, but it is currently only activated for merchants who are more crypto-savvy (Possibly to avoid confusion).
EDIT: Grammar
@_date: 2018-10-03 01:35:17
On the merchant's side, they seem to like it more because they no longer have to worry about credit card fraud(most would prefer not accept overseas credit cards), chargebacks, and bank fees.
As for the users, it boils down to the system of belief. We use and build on Bitcoin because we understand and believe in its value proposition.
To many of us here, Bitcoin is a monetary system with a built-in settlement network and a censorship-resistant payment system. It also happens to be engineered to withstand black swan events, incl. political attacks, MSM smear campaigns, corporate takeovers, social attacks.
Bitcoin was not created to replace Visa or Mastercard, it was created to replace the corrupt and unjust practices of central banking. Just take a look into the message embedded in the genesis block by Satoshi Nakamoto.
@_date: 2018-10-03 11:07:58
Bitcoin is not made to become Visa 2.0, anyone telling you that had missed the point of Bitcoin.


@_date: 2018-10-02 13:22:56
@_date: 2018-10-02 13:44:55
That is a really smart observation.
The current solutions for Bitcoin adoption out there, both for physical and online retail are really only serving the people who are already familiar with the technology.
Most people are not even aware, or do not bother to give much thought in adopting another 'magic internet money'.
If we do not make solutions that most people and everyday businesses can easily or bother to interact with, we will struggle to get the them to take their first steps into the water.
The goal of 'Hyperbitcoinisation' will never happen on a global scale if we only continue to make things accessible for an small group of people like us.
We are trying to change that.
@_date: 2018-10-07 11:41:23
Btw, those plates are up for sale if you have 50 grand to spare. :P
@_date: 2018-10-01 00:53:48
I think you may have misunderstood the meaning of decentralisation. 
Decentralised=! centralised distribution. 
For example, if PayPal decides to reorganise their server distribution to several different locations, it is still centralised.
In Bitcoin's case, decentralisation means that no one party or group can unilaterally decide something on behalf of other parties, either willingly or by force. 
Decentralisation is something that occurs quite often in nature. Forest growth, microorganisms, DNA in our bodies. 
You can't stop a forest growth by cutting down a few trees. You can't alter the genetic code of all living organisms by altering those of a few in a lab. 
@_date: 2018-10-07 11:35:59
Hey u/parttimemafia , PM me if you are still interested and i'll patch you through with some guys at TravelbyBit who can help you with that. 
@_date: 2018-06-28 22:37:30
Hey witcoins, we do not deal with the exchange, we will be using BTCPay and an Australian exchange as our crypto-to-fiat gateway. Think of us as an advertising platform like eBay, while the payment processors we use like BTCPay as PayPal. Hope this clears things up. EDIT: Grammar
@_date: 2018-06-28 15:39:34
Hey GabeNewell_, you are definitely not alone. Adoption is a tricky subject as it involves the causality dilemma of whether users or merchant should be the catalyst for the growth of crypto-commerce. We believe that the whole ecosystem needs to scale together for it to organically grow over time. 
Although bitcoins are still being transacted daily for goods and services, users often find their choices limited, and sometimes the products they want are spread across a myriad of crypto-commerce vendors. 
There are mainly three kinds of crypto-commerce marketplaces today. First being the single-vendor online stores, these are the silent heroes that don’t get much credit and attention, partly because they are not easy to locate individually. 
The second type is the peer-to-peer marketplaces like OpenBazzar, the concept is great but it is still an enclosed ecosystem whereby most normal day-to-day businesses would never get to participate in. There are several valid reasons why normal businesses still hesitate to enter the crypto-economy, such include regulatory uncertainties on business reporting/tax filing, the stress of having to manage currency fluctuations, etc.
The third being the ‘ICO-marketplace’ startups that promise to tackle price fluctuations by creating a somewhat stable-coin for users to spend and merchants to accept them. But the mere steep learning curve required to accept and store new currencies will deter most traditional businesses away.
So a couple of months ago, a group of us had this idea of reducing the friction for businesses to participate in the crypto-economy to help tackle this adoption ‘chokehold’ we are facing at the moment.
We are building the first online multi-vendor platform in Australia to offer merchants the option to convert their sales into Australian Dollars. Essentially it’s business as usual for vendors who are already running their own e-commerce website or eBay store, except that they now have the ability to target a completely new customer base without having to deal with all the ‘dirty work’.
Users simply pay in the cryptocurrency of their choice, and vendors can choose to receive either fiat or crypto.
Our goal is to create a better shopping experience for crypto users, and also provide a tool to help traditional businesses transition into a new era of global, decentralized, digital payments.
It’s no blockchain buzz, no ICO, no crazy gains for us. We are just building on top of a simple idea, but our team and I are really passionate to get this moving. 
We hope one day, this would positively impact crypto-adoption and even change the public’s perception of our ‘magic internet money that no one uses except for nerds’ in the process.
@_date: 2018-10-03 01:24:36


AFAIK, most of the merchants do not need to know how Bitcoin or the LN works, all payments go through Living Room of Satoshi, another Brisbane company who handles cypto-to-crypto, or crypto-to-fiat transactions on behalf of the merchants.
Plenty of businesses here has heard of Bitcoin, but are not bothered to take part due to the learning curve required and the time needed to re-educate their staff.
This is a good solution for adoption at this stage because it is the only way to get more people and everyday businesses to take their first step into the water and be a part of the revolution. 
@_date: 2018-11-02 08:49:12
Citadel confirmed. 