@_author: satoshi_pokemoto
@_date: 2015-05-08 18:57:57


Is that true? AFAIK Mircea thinks it should stay exactly the way it is.
@_date: 2015-04-22 16:13:29
You mean like the 5 tickets that you just got refunded for?
@_date: 2015-09-15 22:11:42
What if your code is inconsistent with itself, like could have happened before BIP66 took effect? What does "reality" dictate then? 
The point of having a spec is that there's a well-defined notion of what the "correct" behavior of your code is. If you don't even know what the correct behavior is, and you just define it as whatever this bit of code does, don't be surprised if that ends up in disaster. 
@_date: 2015-09-15 19:35:41
Well, maybe I am misunderstanding you because you seemed to imply that code as spec is the best choice with this comment.


If this is what you really wanted to say:


That's obviously true. But you seem to think that writing a good spec is terribly hard. I just don't buy that assertion. It may be time consuming, but it's definitely doable.
@_date: 2015-09-15 17:24:22
This line of reasoning would make sense if you were developing in a language with precisely defined semantics. But you're not, you're using C++ and it has plenty of undefined behavior and implementation defined behavior and I'm pretty sure even Herb Sutter or Bjarne Stroustrup, let alone you guys, doesn't understand all those dark corners all that well. So your code could be (and in fact has been found to be) behaving differently on different operating systems, architectures, compilers and so on. 
So IMO, the code as spec argument is specious, lazy and reeks of amateur league development.
ed: Maybe your argument is that bitcoin is still only a prototype so it doesn't make sense to precisely define these things because they're probably going to change. In which case, I accept that argument.
@_date: 2015-09-15 19:32:47


You could make quite a lot of progress just transforming the consensus code into C and adopting a compiler like CompCert which gets rid of quite a lot of undefined behavior. I don't think any of this is terribly difficult, but it may be somewhat time consuming and I wouldn't be surprised if it turned out that the people with the ability to do this kind of work are not terribly interested in working on Bitcoin.


Galois Inc. are a good example of a company which does quite a bit of crypto and also use a lot of formal methods to prove that their crypto does what is expected. So yes such professionals do exist. And this is just software. In the hardware world, a lot of companies do formal specs and verification, especially for things involving security.
@_date: 2015-09-15 18:40:20


I agree. But I think the core devs should come out and say this: that they don't have the time/resources to work on a formal spec and leave it at that. They shouldn't be making silly arguments about "code=spec" being the right choice.
@_date: 2015-10-12 15:29:07






Rent seeking is extracting profit without creating wealth. Ask yourself who creates wealth in the bitcoin economy.
It's the developers and service providers who allow the creation of *other* services/products that couldn't have existed or would've been less efficient without bitcoin. Wealth is created here because the world as a whole now has new/better services/products, so it's positive sum economic activity.
How does hoarding bitcoin contribute to wealth creation? The short answer is that it doesn't. It actually makes bitcoin harder to acquire for those who really need it, and that's why it's negative sum. The community of hoarders is just sitting around hoarding their bitcoin waiting for *others* to make goods/services that will make these people rich. This is also why we have inflation in real economies, we *want* people to *spend* money on real products/goods/real estate development or whatever; this is what we mean by wealth and these are the things that have real value. Not green colored paper, that is just a convenient medium of exchange.
Maybe eventually we'd get to a place where speculation can play a useful part in the bitcoin economy as a market maker/liquidity provider, but right now the bitcoin economy hasn't developed to a point where that is required. 


If by dead you mean have a lot less dollar value than now, then sure. But it's also hoarders who are responsible for the current stasis in bitcoin development. Look at the mess around malleability. Sure, it's a hard problem, so I sympathize with the developers, but it is also clear that they're afraid to make bold changes because of the amounts of money involved. 
If you've developed real world software, you'll know that when you release it, you'll find some problems that you anticipated and some that you had no idea would occur. And then you iterate quickly and try to fix the most important problems so hopefully after several versions you have a really appealing product. But it's very important to have a small and focused userbase willing to tolerate some flux in the beginning, so that you have the freedom to make radical changes if they turn out to be needed. Right now, bitcoin has grown too big too fast, thanks mostly to the hoarders, so any radical changes are out of the question, and fast iteration is impossible, and this simply isn't very good for the long term health of bitcoin itself. 
@_date: 2015-10-12 14:48:01
It's one thing to ignore stupid laws, which everyone does, and another to make technology specifically to evade laws. The DNMs are in the latter category, bit torrent is in the former, because it has lots of legitimate uses.
@_date: 2015-10-05 05:30:20
How would the kid convert it back to real money? He'd need parental help for that and if his parents were anything like mine, they'd kick his ass for getting involved in shady shit.
@_date: 2015-10-05 21:58:20
Thanks. 
@_date: 2015-10-05 19:03:11


Can you give some examples of decisions where Wladmir/Greg pushed something through that the others disagreed with? 
@_date: 2015-10-11 20:48:12
If you want a serious non-cultish answer, the problems are all down to how the community is perceived.
1. Bitcoin is kinda cool technology but is no way ready to replace a real currency. Claiming otherwise comes off as being naive.
2. In the meantime true believers have started hoarding artificially scare digital tokens in the hope of getting rich (if) when bitcoin takes off. This is negative sum economic activity and is at least as bad as the rent-seeking that big corporate monopolies do, yet bitcoiners who claim to be against "banksters" or whatever can't see the obvious hypocrisy. People looking from the outside can, and they want no part of it.
3. The reality is, for most people regular money works well enough, and for those instances when it doesn't work well - Venezuela or Greece or whereever - it still doesn't make sense to hodl bitcoin because of fears of volatility and its uncertain future. Bitcoiners, who have an obvious conflict of interest in this matter, keep claiming otherwise. They come off as being delusional or dishonest. 
4. Some of bitcoin's supposed advantages - freedom from regulation and so forth - are only helpful for people engaged in criminal activity. People don't want to be involved in a currency whose primary use case is criminal activity. Bitcoiners' standard reply to this is that drug war is evil and drugs shouldn't be illegal and so forth. These arguments are all fine per se, but the way to combat stupid laws isn't by evading them, it's by trying to get them changed. Bitcoiners don't do this, instead they're just building technology to make evasion easier. This is neither moral, nor sensible, but it does help make it easier to profit from illicit activity. People on the outside are smart enough to see through the charade and this doesn't help bitcoin's reputation.
@_date: 2015-02-18 04:51:10
I think an easy way to test if this works would be to just overclock or undervolt an existing miner. 
BTW, this is not a new idea. I think the original paper that started this whole field of research is Razor ([PDF link]( Razor introduced a bunch of circuit and architectural level tricks to deal with the effect of errors. In the case of bitcoin mining, you probably don't need any of those tricks and can just overclock or undervolt your circuit and validate the nonce at the very end. In fact, I'd be surprised if this wasn't already being done in the wild, although it's possible the people doing it may not really understand what they're doing. 
@_date: 2015-02-18 04:46:08


It's not really significant, at least not for very short wires, and not in comparison to the "output" capacitance of the transistors that make up a gate.
@_date: 2015-10-12 15:35:18
Sorry, I don't agree. Our disagreement is because I believe the so called "immorality" of the law isn't something that you can decide for yourself, you have to convince the rest of society about it because law is at its core is a social creation. 


I'd still have some sympathy for your argument if it was purely a moral issue. But the reality is DNMs are profiting to the tunes of tens of millions of dollars thanks to illegal and quite clearly harmful substances. It's pretty clear they don't care about morality, they're just in it to make a quick buck. If you don't believe me, just look at the number of exit scams in the space.
@_date: 2015-02-13 21:08:57
It's a cost someone has to cover, it's covered by the seigniorage subsidy makes no difference to the essential argument. 
And if you don't know what the essential argument is, it's that somebody or some group of people need to pump in $122 million USD per day into the bitcoin economy for this valuation to be sustainable.
@_date: 2015-02-11 01:00:31




And Ponzi claimed he could double people's money in 90 days by exploiting arbitrage on postal reply coupons. 
@_date: 2015-02-13 19:51:06
IMO the numbers pass the smell test. And I'm not asking for a complete rebuttal, one fabricated statistic will be good.
@_date: 2015-02-13 22:15:18
I've been civil with you, so why don't you do the same.
While this is true:


The second part of his argument is pointing out that high demand seems to imply a very large number of transactions, but the network is currently incapable of supporting that. 
If people are buying $120MM USD worth of bitcoins everyday, what do you think they're doing with them? Do you think they'll all just buy and "hodl"? 
It seems to me that high demand means people are using bitcoins for something and using bitcoins means transacting with them. And no, this can't be done "off-chain", because off-chain means using some centralized authority and why would that centralized authority use bitcoin in the first place? 
There are two possibilities. Either you're expecting people to buy hundreds of millions of dollars worth of bitcoin and do nothing with them. Or you think some new technology is going to appear which suddenly make the network capable of handling orders of magnitude more transactions. Possibly side chains or increased block sizes, but these are all far from reality at this point in time and come plenty of problems of their own.


It's surprising you used the word terrifying here. Why is it terrifying for you? Maybe you should introspect on this for bit because this is really an obviously true fact. If you don't believe me, ask an expert. I suggest Peter Todd or Tim Swanson.
@_date: 2015-02-13 18:40:33
OK then, why don't you point some factually incorrect statement in boughtbtc's comment?
@_date: 2015-02-18 04:45:15
It's a been a while since I did anything involving actual circuit delays, but yes, even counting the time the it takes to propagate through wires, there are adder architectures where the delay grows ~ O(log n). 
Also, I think while wire delays are more significant today than 10 years ago, it's still the case that you only need to worry about wire delays when your wire starts spanning distances that are comparable to the length of the chip. If you have a wire connecting two gates that are next to each other, the wire delay will be negligible in comparison to the time it takes to charge/discharge the transistors when the output transitions. 
