@_author: satoshibitmark
@_date: 2014-09-03 14:13:47
I am not a Bitcoiner neither I am crazy. I forgive you. I am the inventor of Bitcoin. I am the real Satoshi Nakamoto. There is no other Satoshi Nakamoto except me, who can claim to be me, Satoshi Nakamoto. Analyse my writing and you will understand the truth and the truth will set you free from ignorance and anger. Good wishes from me. - Satoshi Nakamoto
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:02:06
Dustin D. Trammel denied in his blog, saying "I am not Satoshi Nakamoto". He is telling the truth.  - Satoshi Nakamoto
@_date: 2014-08-24 07:02:51
I am not forcing any one to believe in me. A tree is known by its fruits, the that does produces fruits is known by its leaves. Some trees and plants are known by their roots. The Tree of Money shall be known from now as Bitcoin and me, myself is known by my Robotic name Satoshi Nakamoto but truly no one knows me. Ye shall know the truth and the truth will make you rich with lots of Bitcoin. - Satoshi Nakamoto
@_date: 2014-08-24 06:41:57
I am not complaining saying that I have invented Bitcoin but I am trying to bring the secret on the top of the roof so every one will be able to see the truth. 
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:33:34
A tree is known by its fruits but the tree that does not produce fruits is known by its leaves but some trees are known by its roots. You have no knowledge of me, because you are not Mark Karpeles or Nick Szabo. There is a time for every things. I was very busy with my other project. Now I am ready to come out of the shadow of dark cloud, so you may know me and I may be able to take the Bitcoin mainstream. Best wishes from me. -Satoshi Nakamoto
@_date: 2014-09-03 15:17:21
I have granted your prayer request. I have announced that every human who adopt the Bitcoin will receive £3000 Pound worth os Bitcoin a month as Bitcoin Basic Income from BSS. I know Mark Karpeles, I met him on 13 June 2007 in Croydon, London. I know who is he and what he is doing and what he is upto? I have also forgiven him and I am determined to rescue Mt. Gox and I will pay back all the Creditors their Bitcoin back from my own Bitcoin Reserve. Fear not. I am beside you. I am rewarding Mark Karpeles a new title, He is now St. Mark Karpeles of Mt. Gox and I will make sure he repent properly to me otherwise the BSS will give him the Red Card, that will protect you and all from St. Mark Karpeles. I know Alt Coin, Lite Coin, Max Coin, Dodge Coin, Cicken Coin and all other bunch of anarchist coin; Let weeds grow with the wheat and I will cut all weeds and throw in the fire. I am happy to protect you from Quantitative Easing of Fiat Paper Money by the Principles of the Decentralised Digital Currency Bitcoin and Bitmark. My dear beloved children those who are now in the Bitcoin Family are in the Kindom of Heaven. Fear not I am beside you. Ask and thou shall be given. I am happy to give 10000 Bitcoin to every one, but you all must pay attention and do the Bitcoin Evangelism on daily basis. You must know that I am My Self, Satoshi Nakamoto is my Robotic Name but I have another name in which I am known in the Bitcoin World. So pray in My Robotic Name Satoshi Nakamoto as I am the Incarnation of some One Unknown. Also I must let you know that Bitcoin is the 'Stolen Property' soon I am going recover all the stolen Bitcoin from the hackers and bandits and I will give it to the good and humble Children of Bitcoin. Bear in mind that temptation can come but overcome it by asking me to give you balance in four things, first good health, second pleanty of Bitcoin, third Sexual satisfaction, fourth is social respect. Let the poor become rich and rich must understand the danger of quantitative easing in the fiat paper and they must adopt Bitcoin to protect the asset value of their wealth. Finally I am not far from you. Be good and do good with out selfish motives. Best wishes from Me. - Satoshi Nakamoto
@_date: 2014-08-24 06:34:15
I was not born in the USA. I have never been to the USA. You are absuletely right. -Satoshi Nakamoto
@_date: 2014-08-24 07:23:24
Blessed is he who has not seen me but have faith in me. I do not need prove my self to any one by my signature. Your voice is sound like Tom Simonite. Who created the Heaven and the Earth ? No one knows Him or Her but every one knows Moses because Moses stole the 10 commandment from the Book of Jethrow. Who cares about God? You need to care for the poor people. - Satoshi Nakamoto
@_date: 2014-08-23 11:39:59
Mr. Thomson, You do not need to hunt for me, I am not a fox or fish. - Satoshi
@_date: 2014-09-03 14:21:05
First I am not a Pathetic and its not a Crap. I forgive you. You have no knowledge of me and Bitcoin and of Hal Finney. He has died, my best wishes with him, his soul may rest in peace. Be not arrogant about any thing. May my good wishes be with you and your family. - Satoshi Nakamoto 
@_date: 2014-08-24 14:40:20
Dorian Prentice Satoshi Nakamoto did not invented Bitcoin. In whole world no one can claim to be the inventor of Bitcoin except me, myself; I am the inventor of Bitcoin and writer of the Bitcoin White Papers and Protocol. If any one claim to be the Inventor of Bitcoin but does not know how to create Bitcoin with the Bitmark Algorithm Formula then how his claim can be right? Mining Bitcoin from pool and the store is one thing and creating Bitcoin is the real thing. - Satoshi Nakamoto
@_date: 2014-09-08 14:17:44
I am here the real Satoshi Nakamoto. I am the inventor of Bitcoin and Bitmark Formula. The day I will baptise Mark Karpeles with the Holy Water and make him St. Mark Karpeles of Mt. Gox then the mystery of Bitcoin shall be unfold to the world. Then the history of Bitcoin will have to rewrite in the Wikipedia. Search and yee shall find me. I am not far from you. -Satoshi Nakamoto