@_author: satoshi1022
@_date: 2018-01-17 05:04:17
I wait for corrections, I plan for dips...
... Then when they finally come why is it so hard to get myself to buy more?  I've waited for this dip since we hit 10K.  A few years of cycles and dips and it never gets any easier.
Somebody hold me...
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:45:53
Ugh hang in there!  I had terrible rates but am down to my last 2K or so after 5 years. Payed thousands every other month to get ahead as fast I could. 
Anyways keep poking at them. Refinance if your interest rates hurt, and just do your best. Shit is unreal that it's allowed like it is these days. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:28:11
To be fair, many successful people spend all kinds of time (and money) finding ways to shift and get around taxes. 
One of my old co-workers had all kinds of sketchy shit going on with his taxes, but was an accounting minor and claimed most was above board. A lot of the older guys knew tons of tricks that sounded sketchy but they've been doing for years. 
Taxes suck, people with resources find ways to reduce their bills, etc while the regular guy doesn't know a damn thing. Not saying don't do the proper thing w Bitcoin, just making a general statement that people trying to get around taxes is nothing new.  
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:53:53
Congrats! As somebody who obsessed with paying off my student loans ever since I graduated, I know that the feeling of being done is so big. 
For me, it was a cloud hanging over me. If life gave me a curve ball of some kind I felt like I'd collapse under the debt.  Many people can't quite understand the weight and fear of being that far in debt before you've even made a paycheck, heck almost before you're even allowed to legally drink. Rediculous. 
Luckily I made it to my last 2K before I got that curve ball, and had saved up some extra because I think I saw it coming. 2K left is such a relief it's unexplainable. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 23:16:50
Cool thanks for the info, I may look into it a bit more (but also trying to not have 4+ exchanges lol).
But yea, it's fine trading to BTC/ETH it's just a mental game right. It's mainly fine, but if I buy/sell an AltCoin within a day or 4 I want to know that I locked Fiat gains. Just weirds me out to see that some XRP I bought 6 months ago which did great, actually would give me less BTC if I sold today. 
As I try to balance my portfolio a bit and move away from BTC it makes it hard.  Lately my belief in BTC long-term has been testing, and I prefer to move some into other coins that I may have some more belief in.
@_date: 2017-12-26 15:57:31
Totally unrelated - But I switched from BoA to Ally a few months back and couldn't be happier.
My story though, is that when my mother opened a new CC with them, somebody somehow changed both my BoA accounts, made her the account holder and locked me out.  The guy literally said he couldn't tell me more info because my name wasn't on the account... Literally all of my cash flow a checking &amp; savings, all gone... I was flabbergasted. I'm not a child, I don't even live in the same state, and I have quite a different financial situation than my parents... Luckily my mother is a normal real person and not a wacko and we sorted it out... 
Never got an apology or even an admittance of a problem by them, it just magically 'fixed' itself a day after I called in a rage. They literally never admitted a damn thing, and this was a serious f'ing matter.  But boy did I have fun speaking to/dropping BoA the next few days explaining why I was closing my accounts :)
@_date: 2017-12-17 08:29:16
Yea man, I'm very torn. I still have some, but I really believe what I said so I'm so torn on selling vs continue holding. 
This damn thing is like a freight train up right now, but in the back of my head I'm losing belief. I used to love the stories of it helping foreign people deal with their countries financial problems a lot. But nowadays it's literally half broken (same problem for 2+ years too..) and nobody's using it for much of anything.
And I'm not a bcash guy either, just my honest thoughts/nightmares lol. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 02:07:53
It's not about the online wallet, they incentivized using their wallet but I'd say the majority of informed miners used an external wallet. 
But external wallets only withdraw every Friday once you hit .01 BTC. So many of us (myself included) were about to get our weekly payout Friday. So we're talking a large number of people losing 0-150 bucks, with their only fault trusting a mining service (that's been legit for years). And on that note, a pool could Fuck you like this just as easily couldn't they? 
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:32:03
Thats the funny part though, if you've mentioned Bitcoin once you must be a millionaire now according to the news they watch.
I occasionally mention bitcoin to a group of my college friends.  They laugh, etc.  Then from time to time when they see it in the news they all text 'omg you rich', blah, blah. I've never said how much, they have no idea.  
To most that are just now hearing about BTC, anyone who bought before now must be the 10,000 BTC pizza guy.
@_date: 2017-12-17 01:15:43
Pardon me, I'm not trying to troll
... But what "adoption"?
People are buying in only because they want a 1000% return tomorrow. I doubt many new money think it's the future of currency.
Disclaimer; BTC for a few years, currently think BTC is the crappiest option out there with many huge problems to come... it just happens to have the 'brand' recognition... Otherwise I'm becoming more and more afraid it's useless.  I'm losing the vision boys!!
@_date: 2017-12-17 16:44:08
Different circumstances for everyone around here for sure; But wanted to say congrats!
I found that selling after holding for years was a pretty tough thing to do.  I sold maybe 1/6 recently, and it's the first time I've sold and actually not regretted it immediately.  The way I feel about BTC has changed over the last year or so, so maybe that made it easier to sell... But I also think just these prices are just too ridiculous to not take some profit.
@_date: 2017-12-22 04:18:33
You'll be fine.
I'm not 100% behind BTC, I'm not an extremist, I see negatives much more than positives long term... *But* from what I've seen through a few years this 'dip' is totally ok for you.  We'll get back up and it likely won't be too long, just be patient.
Now if we suddenly drop under 9K in a day or something like that, then I'd say it's time to worry.  But for now, this is totally ok.  Just hope the skid stops and we either sit around 15K for a week+ (or that it pops right back up)
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:19:00
Oo I know, that was a morning coffee rant lol. Hope it didn't sound like the unbearable early adopter blah blah. 
 Guess my point was just that for me, it was easier to dump money in because I believed. Now a mix of rediculous prices and loss of belief in the foundation have been slowing down my buys. 
Obviously I enjoy what's happening for sure. It's just its now for a different reason. A small part of me wishes it was still this cyberpunk libertarian thing that was growing slowly I guess. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:15:30
Ok - So I'm not a DNM user, just a curious browser here or there. And I actually think they should have switched to Monero or another currency forever ago. BUT - The reasons you stated are exactly why I am becoming less and less interested in bitcoin. I'm not saying you're wrong at all, because it makes perfect sense. Not bashing you, just thinking out loud about *my* thoughts.
I'm not an anarchist, I'm not a nutjob, I'm kind of just a regular late 20s white collar guy; But there's a big part of me that thinks the DNM are literally one of the most important and revolutionary things that came from the internet. It's not all about drugs and crime, it's about freedom and using technology to create something that cannot be stopped; Regardless of whatever law you happened to be born under.
It's just *for me*, a few years of holding, and I used to preach bitcoin to people all the time.  Nowadays that everyone else wants to ask about it, I don't have much to say. I don't read much, I don't talk about it, I flat out don't really believe in it anymore.  And it's because it isn't what I bought into years ago, it's not 'freedom', it's not really 'decentralized' (ie - all the drama lately and big name 'messiahs'), hell it's barely been able to function the last 6-12 months.
Nowadays its an investment and maybe an 'intro' to the future - And that is totally ok.  But unfortunately even  just 2-3 years ago the crowd was different, the vision was different, and I had a reason for believing in it and risking my money.
@_date: 2017-12-25 16:57:43
Hey to me, that would 100% be better than receiving the Bitcoin myself. I would be so shocked and happy that my old gram was interested enough to want Bitcoin, that it would have just made my day. 
Props sir, have a good Christmas! 
@_date: 2017-12-28 22:53:30
So does bitstamp allow trading alt coins with Fiat $$?  Currently I use the 'model' of buying BTC with my bank $$, then transferring that BTC over to exchanges to buy alt coins and such. 
But I'd probably enjoy trading for alt coins with cash much more. I always have struggled with keeping track of $$ value of alt coin holdings when all exchanges are in terms of BTC and not USD. Specially because most of the time, I find that even good investments end up that if I just held BTC they would have performed better :)
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:00:53
Umm...??  Because instead of investing you should be 'investing' in your debt and get your guaranteed "return" of whatever your interest rate is. Sure go ahead if you've got little subsidized loans at &lt;3% pay the minimums if you have a better return... But the bottom line is it's all a gamble while a debt gives a guaranteed 'return' by not paying extra interest. 
Let's say there is nobody (family, whatever) to bail you out of your debt obligations if something unexpected happens; Lets say you graduated with $50K in debt and barely found a semi-stable job.  You can act all captain obvious because BTC is awesome but no... investing in some sketchy early adoption thing was not the smart move. Make that risky play over and over throughout your life and you'll eventually get burned.
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:59:45
Lets not ignore that they cannot reach that escalator because the giant weight of Student Loan debt tied to their leg. So accurately true, I love our country /s
Obviously if you own BTC you are likely a little more risk adverse than most, but dabbling too much in investing while having a large student loan debt is a pretty big 'no-no'.  Yea I get it, yay look at us all, it worked out because BTC rates &gt; debt, etc... But investing while you hold debt is just a bad habit to get into. 
Mostly saying this out of spite and reget :) - since I first bought in around 2014... But of course I also had $40K worth of student debt back then, so I just dipped my toe at the time.  NO RAGRETS!
@_date: 2017-11-30 06:38:05
I feel like I'm afraid to admit it to myself, but this Bitcoin today has almost nothing to do with the Bitcoin I bought a few years ago. Back then I was passionate about what BTC stood for.  To me at least, among other things it was a fuck you to the system. Taking control back.
We aren't exactly that anymore. The in-house bickering, the manipulation, the greed, etc..Stuff has gotten so crazy lately that I've been put off.  BTC is simply a commodity, and one that's essentially seeking regulation to become more valid (and therefore drive prices up). 
It's like my belief for why Bitcoin held value (to me) is totally gone. So I get pretty torn on 'hodling' because it's not what I thought it was... Its kind of this thing that I now have but am not really passionate about anymore.  
It's all greed and money; Which is fine and I obviously can't complain... It's just a weird situation in my head. It's just not what brought me here in the first place. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:57:37
I think they mean 'oops we f'd up again' and although we keep underestimating the load and try to be cheap, we will continue to blame it on rediculous facts like '8x in June' despite the fact this has happened multiple times since June... hmmm
@_date: 2017-11-04 20:57:17
Great post, but if we say 80% of people still don't know anything about bitcoin. Then of the remaining 20% that are interested in it, I'd say less than 5% of them understand that there is a whole bitcoin ecosystem of companies, jobs, etc based on this technology. 
I believe a lot of interest and buy in has been generated this year by people who do not give 1 crap what or why Bitcoin is, but only that they can 'get rich'.
Obviously my numbers are whatever, but you get the idea.  There is 'bitcoin on the news', there is even 'I bought some bitcoin', and then there is actually understanding at least some of the purpose/usefulness of it... (then an even smaller percentage of those holding who technologically understand it).
I have some concerns about the overall market cap, eventually we are talking so large that it doesn't seem feasible; Specifically curious what happens to the mega whales holding [tens of] thousands of bitcoin if BTC were to ever boom to like 100K+.  I get confused thinking about this scenario, they won't hold forever? What happens when they unload, surely we can't have Bitcoin trillionares that have more money than entire countries. That just simply wouldn't be 'allowed' by the gov'ts of the world.. Just thinking out loud here but at some point, we will reach a plateau and astronomical growth to 100K won't be a thing. And I suspect a large crash eventually, this year's growth is too much it's scary. It was all fun and games moving from 1000-2000-3000... After that I puckered quite a bit and became concerned.
@_date: 2017-11-29 16:31:23
Ok - This whole time I've been talking about student loan debt and said it multiple times. Talked about a student graduating with $50K and starting a career at the same time, because that one damn 10K loan at 9.5% I had suuuuuure made it feel like I better pour every cent into it. But I'm sure you don't understand that feeling because it seems like you've never been there...  but *thats* the debt I'm talking about.
And yes I agree that you should go ahead and play stock markets or whatever while you have a mortgage. House, Car, whatever go ahead as long as you believe your returns are higher than your interest rate. I was talking more like what I consider real debt; bad student loan situation, stupid CC stuff, bad car deals, etc.  Just remember when the stock market crashed last time, or BTC from 2014-2015.  Life is all good... until it's not. 
I graduated from a top eng school, had a top paying job, and still felt paralyzed by the pile of debt that school had created. Even when I refinanced (w/ almost perfect credit) I only got rates down to around 5.5%.  Took an avg of like $17,000 of Student Loan payments *a year* for multiple years. Did I want to buy more BTC @ $400, buy more stocks, or buy a home...Yep... But you can't quite get over that dread of knowing that student debt doesn't exactly care if you hit any speedbumps in life. 
So you know... Sounds like you don't have much to worry about.  But for the majority of this newer generation, debt is crippling. Owning a house isn't 'debt' because being able to buy a home is just preposterous to begin with.
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:01:20
And I'm sitting over here trying to cost average this dip and buy more between each move... 
But of course some of our glorious Bitcoin exchanges are down... Thanks Gemini &amp; Coinbase.
@_date: 2017-11-04 21:11:08
I'll point you towards a wallet, I'll direct you here or to different technical articles... But I'm not telling you about coinbase and easy exchanges. If they really want to, they'll take my vague responses, do research and figure the rest out on their own. But I've never told anyone it's a 'good idea', at least not since the price began to skyrocket like this.
Once I realized in no way would I be comfortable getting my parents in on something like this, I began to realize just how risky it actually is. I'm single and younger and I'd be behind a bit financially but not crushed if it went to zero tomorrow, but you don't know the greed of others if given a chance to invest in. Bitcoin could be that 'magical lottery ticket' that a struggling person desires, and I don't want that on my shoulders if we ever went belly up.
@_date: 2017-11-05 17:07:53
As somebody that jumped in back under $1K, it's way more risky nowadays.  It was all fun and games 500-1000-2000-3000 but now at these prices I've puckered quite a bit. I continue to buy small amounts after dips/corrections but haven't dumped a large sum in quite awhile.
It's probably all mental for me at this point, but this growth just seems like too much too quick right now.
Edit: I totally get what you're saying though, and you're right. The risk of zero is much much lower, but the risk of a drop from this 600% growth is real. 
@_date: 2017-11-05 16:49:27
Similar story here; Got in around the same time under 1K. I'm currently around 3-4 years of Bitcoin that is worth about 60% of my 401(k). Likely smaller numbers as you as 3-4 years ago I was (and still am) only a few years into work and dealing with student loan debt.
... On that note; have paid off 4 out of 5 student loans and only have about 3K left which I'll lump sum off soon. Yay me!! Now I can stop being 'behind' all the privileged friends I went to college with (/s but not really /s)
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:35:49
Jeez, I've been trying to login to Gemini/Coinbase for hours to try and scoop some BTC in the low 9000s... 
But you know, no big deal 2 huge exchanges go down anytime news happens /s
@_date: 2017-11-05 17:02:56
Nice man; As a lot of miners realize eventually, buying the coin outright instead of hardware would have netted a bigger profit. But hopefully you had fun with it and learned along the way, mining was/is ultimately a hobby for me.
Anyways commented to say that I'm more impressed with the way a 14 year old just wrote this post up. Good things in your future, whatever path you choose. It's not about the bitcoin experience, it's about the problem solving and planning you just showed at an extrememly young age. And glad your parents supported you, can't say many would have supported a random $900 idea from an 11 year old.
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:59:39
It's legit gambling.  Like from time to time I'll take a small amount on Poloniex and trade it for an hour or so... It's 100% the same feeling I get at a casino.  
Sure some can do it for real, take the emotion out and whatever.  But I am not one of those people :)
@_date: 2017-11-29 19:54:49
Jesus, was hopping onto Gemini to be logged in and decide on buying some of this dip in small parts.
Gemini is down... So I check coinbase, of course thats also down. So I'm left to do literally nothing, thanks. Gemini has been my savior in the past, but now is there a 3rd place that I should look towards (from the US)?
Times like this where I remember Bitcoin isn't this miracle thing.  Get your god damn shit together.. You want to be a mature bank/exchange/whatever then get with the program. 
Can't continuously be surprised [by load] at every fucking milestone, it's getting old fast.
@_date: 2017-11-30 06:22:31
Yea but haven't you seen this coming for awhile now?  I'm a relatively early adopter ~2014 and I've been torn all year in a way. Like the price is skyrocketting so I'm happy, but it's also made it clear that BTC isn't at all what I wanted it to be or why I got interested in it. 
It's like my belief for why Bitcoin held value (to me) is totally gone as it's become this investment commodity that's almost seeking regulation to become valid.
 So I get pretty torn on 'hodling' because it's not what I thought it was... Its kind of this thing that I now have but am not really passionate anymore  it's all greed and money... But, if it keeps skyrocketting I *guess* I can bend over and take it lol
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:37:32
Yep, now I saw a dip under 9000 happened and I'm just sitting around drooling at a price chart unable to login on 2 separate exchanges.  Thanks Obama /s
@_date: 2017-09-11 15:57:38
I know many won't [shouldn't] tell some info. But wondering how many of our relatively small board here have actually been in before ~2013 or so.. Anyone have a vague thought on this? Seems to me any of those people may not be very active on forums and might have quite a chunk that they keep quiet.
I remember hearing about it in 2012 while in college and being too busy in a frat house to actually try it out. Luckily betting of all things made me take the plunge and buy my first around 2014.. even then I'll kick myself forever for not buying more than I did... And the $5 bets back then are now worth... too much sob ;)
@_date: 2017-10-22 04:20:57
This.. I've held for a few years and like to think I understand what I'm doing pretty well. Have it split a few different ways, even used joinmarket for a bit and ran a node for a year. 
... Did a factory reset on my phone and had an OMG moment when I realized a wallet on my phone had a good chunk in it. It was one of the earlier wallets so although I have a notebook full of recovery phrases, I still was nervous as hell somehow this wallet's phrase wouldn't have been there. 
The risk is real, and it's definitely scary. Do other people really use like safety deposit box is to hold private keys cold storage and/or trezor wallets? It's the only way I can truly think is safe, an odd combo of disasters could ruin both software and paper stored keys at once. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 22:53:39
Why isn't Gemini recommended more around here?  I find it just as easy and perhaps more simple than coinbase. Also has way less fees iirc
@_date: 2018-02-26 05:39:12
Not sure if I'm not using Mycellium (Android) wrong or something, but it still recommends a ridiculous fee as a default.  It asks you, and you can change it no problem, but it needs to update that crap because 'normal' was like $15 fee for a $40 transaction and 'economical' was like $8.50.
I scrolled all the way down to 50 sat/byte and it confirmed in right around an hour. But it was like the 3rd lowest fee option available, and you had to scroll past about 40 'economical' options.
Side note I've been around BTC for a few years, and besides betting with BTC in the early days I bought my first thing with BTC. I was on the fence about buying this item, until I noticed randomly that they accepted BTC!!!  Had to out of principle and it's kinda made the fire burn again.
@_date: 2018-04-04 20:58:27
Ermm, idk bud. Been around for a few years, laugh at and love dips normally. Even though I knew we were in for a massive correction, this one's still got me nervous. 
Happily bought back in at a false bottom weeks ago, now beginning to want to take another stab and double down. We'll see, but either way if you're not at least half nervous this time you're full of it. 