@_author: satoshiscrazyuncle
@_date: 2018-05-30 19:07:57
Cash is just the better product.  Of course it will kill BTC.  I don't even need Internet to send Bitcoin Cash to you, instantly.  You guys are lagging.  Open a channel to the government already, try some lawfare or something.  Oh you already did.  :)
@_date: 2018-05-31 02:14:00
Racebum, I'm a big blocker.  You guys can't even call my favorite project by its own name.  It's shitcoin this, bcash that.  So **of course** I'm going to see conflict in this echo chamber known as r\bitcoin. 
You want to blame that conflict on me, just because I decided to show up here, and take a chance with you guys?  That's not very honest.  It's also not very honest of you to stand behind the glass and point at me, as though I am the problem, while at the same time you have me rate limited.
I'm doing the best I can.  I'm already just a step away from being outright banned.  Look, we disagree.  Youtube isn't imposing 144p video.  Bitcoin doesn't need to impose small blocks, either.  It's just silly.
@_date: 2018-05-30 20:20:47
Witty response.  Did the lawfare not work?  Somehow, you've got to be able to stop Bitcoin Cash.  Come on.  More trolling of r/btc.  Try suing.  Or, call SEC.  Wait Samson is doing that.  Call Blockstream man, get Adam Back to stop Bitcoin Cash!
@_date: 2018-05-31 01:23:17
Racebum, if I post the wrong Bitcoin-related link here, or utter the wrong words, I will be banned from this sub, like thousands of people before me have been.  That's not a very confident position, is it?  Your mods are banning people for *wrongthink*.   And you know this.  So here you are trying to get me banned - the more words I type in your sub, the more likely that is to happen.  Notice the mod logs here are private.  Who exactly is scared again?  Come on be honest for once. If things really were as you say, your project wouldn't be engaging in lawfare, nor crying to the SEC.  
You're going to need a bigger pipe.  We all upgraded from 2400 bps to 9600 to 14.4 to 28.8.  It's common sense.  Impeding Bitcoin adoption so the bankers have time to catch up was a really shitty thing for Blockstream to do.
@_date: 2018-05-31 02:54:44
Ok, maybe you're a real person after all.  I think Roger is a great asset for Bitcoin Cash.  I like that he is unwavering in his convictions, and unstoppable, and he puts his money where his mouth is.  But he's just one dude.  Consider how badly that one dude is being maligned and smeared by the Core devs and Blockstream, Inc, all because of their fear of the Bitcoin Cash project.  It's very crude, primitive behavior, and frankly, it deserves much more disdain than what I have posted here.
And there's more to that story.  There are other great guys who were involved in BTC for all the right reasons and who were driven out by the idiot who took over.  I remember when Gavin was attacked and forced to hand over BTC github control to the next guy, who was less principled, and more malleable.  BTC has clearly been captured.  This is a race for adoption.  You don't win by slowing adoption to a halt, as Bitcoin Core has done.
@_date: 2018-05-31 03:44:08
Of course I remember it all.  I'm a Bitcoin old timer.   I wasn't on Reddit until last year.  Never liked Reddit, way too NSA/IRS for my taste.  But Bitcoin Cash brought me here.  This account is 6 months old at least.  I've never been banned, but I'm expecting it any moment.
Look, the slander campaign is directed at Bitcoin Cash.  It's coming from the same people who censor and ban wrongthink.  The same people who threaten lawfare and SEC.  The same people who malign and insult Roger Ver.  You've got to see the consistency there.  I'm here now to defend against it.  
It's very tricksy when you attack someone, and they defend themselves, and then you infer that they are the aggressor.
What you're probably not seeing is, we have a lot of excitement in the air surrounding Bitcoin Cash.   It really feels like the early years of Bitcoin all over again.  Microtransactions are a big reason for this.  Anyone can write an app.  And there is no chain of command over at BCH.  You don't need the top dev's permission to say something or do something.  And it's Bitcoin.  A lot of people are stepping up.  I think you'll see some changes over time as the Core folks are forced to reconcile with all this.  Have a nice day.
@_date: 2018-05-31 01:33:16




Looks like the pot called the kettle black.  Oops I'm sorry, you might consider that a personal attack.
(Your echo chamber enforcement only allows me to comment every 15 minutes or so.  (Edit: 10 mins I guess.)  I can't wait around all day to keep participating in your sub.  Have fun.)
@_date: 2017-11-10 12:02:34
Yes probably next level. Paper wallets are great and can be very secure at no cost. As with anything bitcoin I recommend a bit of reading first, you can start by searching "paper wallet" in this sub.  Or if you're ready try BitAddress.org.
@_date: 2017-11-10 11:37:41
If you mean acquire privately, try one of the local* exchanges.
If you want to acquire conveniently and securely, Coinbase is decent.
Wish I could predict the future.
Trezor is a tiny device built specifically to store your coins.  There is also the [ledger](  These 'hardware wallets' are typically for serious crypto holders, you basically buy one and it probably comes with instructions.  You can also store crypto safely in a free paper wallet, or any number of other software wallets, so long as only you have the private key and know your wallet 'recovery phrase'.
@_date: 2018-04-13 06:13:01
Looks like it's the Devs calling the shots to me, if it's not proposed, miners aren't voting on it:
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
@_date: 2018-04-13 05:35:50
The quote from Roger: 


Recall that BTC usage is rate limited since devs are exercising transaction flow control.  Here's Project MUSE, via [Google](

