@_author: sattath
@_date: 2016-04-03 19:33:20
Just replace "depending on luck" with "using selfish mining"
@_date: 2018-05-02 15:08:26
I don't disagree with them. They provide time estimates for ECDSA attacks, and quantum mining. They didn't raise any new security concerns due to quantum mining.
The manuscript in the OP shows that there is a security risk due to quantum mining \(and hopefully, how this risk can be mitigated\) \- a high stale\-rate.
To be clear: since I don't have any disagreement with them regarding their time estimates, I would say that the risks discussed in the paper would become relevant by 2027 to the earliest.


I think one could implicitly get the impression that quantum mining isn't a game changer from their paper. I don't think that they write such a statement explicitly \(I might be wrong \- feel free to correct me\).
@_date: 2018-05-02 14:39:54
The question, and perhaps the approach for the solution in the paper is indeed important and interesting. Unfortunately, I think that there are serious downsides to the construction.
My main criticism is the following: it uses a concept which the author calls "shards". You should think of shards as quantum money state which can be verified by anyone \(but can be forged by the creator who "mined" this specific shard\). Several shards, together, form a "qubitcoin". We will call these set of shards "meged" shards. The assumption is that each miner would only create one shard, sell it in the open market, and other agents, which we will call "mergers" will "merge" shards together to create a qubit\-coin. The first problem is the following: there's nothing stopping a miner from  creating many shards, and sell them all in the open market, to several, innocent "mergers". A simple mechanism prohibits the same shard to appear in two different "qubitcoins", so, some of these mergers will eventually get screwed.  This is a problem in an open system like Bitcoin, which does not rely on trust.  In other words, to the very least, one has to establish trust between the miners and the mergers for this construction to work. This provides an advantage to well established miners, which may lead to centralization.
A second concern: If a large fraction of the miners collude, they can create infinitely many qubitcoins from thin air.  Today, colluding miners harm the network in various ways, but they cannot print money from thin air. 
A third concern:  if miners collude, even after they don't have the hashing power, they can print coins from thin air. Bitcoin today does not have this property: they can only attack if they currently have a high relative hashing power; the history is irrelevant. 
@_date: 2015-12-30 13:19:42
Agreeing to increase the block size by 0 bytes is a valid agreement. Their point is that the devs / community cannot agree on any value. 
Also, why are you so disrespectful? 
@_date: 2018-05-02 15:20:11
Thanks! Much appreciated too!
@_date: 2018-05-02 14:24:50
Regarding the lighting network \- not that I'm aware of.
Regarding Bitcoin: public quantum money is a \(centralized\) protocol. This protocol allows a \(trusted!\) mint to create quantum money states. \(This is not yet relevant for a cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin, since the mint must be trusted. \)
Each quantum money state can be verified by anyone, and cannot be forged by any malicious party \(other than the mint\), under some computational assumptions. This is much better than the cash we use today \(there is no \*fundamental\* reason why a $100 cannot be forged\). The main candidates are Aaronson\-Christiano's scheme, called quantum money from hidden subspaces  [
\(\* which was partially broken [ , fully broken as reported in [ , a proposed solution was suggested the previous link, and a full security proof based on quantum\-secure indistinguishability\-obfuscation \(IO\) in [ . I'm not aware of any candidate construction which claims to be quantum\-secure IO. One of the authors of the eprint [ \-\- which is 2 weeks old \-\- said in a private cummunication that he is not aware of any quantum attacks on their construction, but this needs to be taken with a grain of salt. \*\)
, and  Farhi et al., called quantum money from knots [ , which relies on beautiful knot theory, but lacks a security proof.
There are several other constructions and several other variants of quantum money \(most notably, private quantum money, in which only the mint can verify the money state, and therefore must take part in every transaction. The main advantage here is that it can be shown to be unconditionally secure, i.e. without any computational assumptions\).
@_date: 2018-05-04 12:35:52
Sorry, I prefer not to answer your first (speculative) question. 
Regarding quantum attakcs on Bitcoin, I would guestimate no earlier than 2028 (see my other response as to why). Quantum money probably a decade later (for 2 reasons: quantum money requires long term quantum memory, which is extremely hard, and broad availability for the users, which isn't a prerequisite for quantum mining or attacks on ECDSA). These are only educated guesses. Quantum money wouldn't necessarily make Bitcoin obsolete. 
Good luck!
@_date: 2018-05-03 13:32:14


Of course, there could be. There is a "soft" consensus among theorists that there are no theoretical barriers to building quantum computers. It does not mean that QC will be built in the near future, or even at all: this is one of the biggest engineering challenge of our generation. 
@_date: 2018-05-02 13:08:10
Hi, I'm the author of this manuscript. AMA.
The abstract:
Grover's algorithm provides quantum computers a quadratic advantage over classical computers for searching in an arbitrary data\-set. Bitcoin mining falls into this category of a search problem. It has been previously argued that the only side\-effect of quantum mining would be an increased difficulty, due to this quadratic speed\-up which can be applied to Bitcoin mining. In this work we argue that a crucial argument in the analysis of Bitcoin's security breaks down when quantum mining is performed. Classically, a Bitcoin fork occurs rarely, when two miners find a block almost at the same time: only if both miners are unaware of the other's block, due to propagation time effects. The situation differs dramatically when quantum miners use Grover's algorithm. Grover's algorithm repeatedly applies a procedure called a Grover iteration. More iterations provide a quadratically higher chance of finding a block. Crucially, a miner does not have to choose how many iterations to apply in advance. Suppose Alice receives Bob's new block. To maximize her revenue, she should stop applying Grover iterations and measure her state. Her hope is that her block \(rather than Bob's\) would become part of the longest chain. This strong correlation between the miners' actions, and the fact that they all measure their state at the same time, may lead to more forks. This is known as a security risk for Bitcoin. We propose a mechanism which, we conjecture, prohibits this form of quantum mining, and circumvents the high rate of forks.
@_date: 2018-05-03 04:53:50
Oh, I wasn't aware of that episode. I'll take a look \- thanks. 
@_date: 2018-05-02 19:47:54
Indeed, some of the security aspects could be addressed. For more details, see p.5 in the manuscript. In particular: "These concerns are partially addressed in several works [SZ15, LSZ15, EGSvR16,
SLZ16, SZ18]. The author is not aware of any PoW-based solutions that claim to
simultaneously address fairness (of the block rewards and the revenue from fees)and security".
@_date: 2018-05-02 14:02:50
Yes, see for example here: [ and [ . In theory, there are well\-known techniques  to deal with these risks \(quantum\-secure digital signature schemes\) \-\- the links provide all the information.
@_date: 2018-05-02 20:51:20
Here are a few suggestions for videos that are already available.
Scott Aaronson's talk: [
Ed Farhi's talk: [
A talk that I gave a few years ago: [ . This was given at the Israeli Bitcoin meetup \(kudos to Meni Rosenfeld [u/menirosenfeld]( for organizing it\). This talk also discusses some of the advantages and disadvantages between Bitcoin and quantum money.
The bad news is that all of these talks are quite outdated \(For example, see the list of references discussing Aaronson and Christiano's construction, which were all written up in the last two years\).
@_date: 2014-02-02 08:43:13


It is a valid point that mentioned in the Etherium white paper that colored coins cannot work with thin clients. Can you comment on that?
@_date: 2014-11-15 04:55:56
Hate to say this, but, this is the only case where gambling "makes sense".
@_date: 2018-05-02 19:58:48
Thanks. Because of you TIL about cake day!
@_date: 2014-09-17 19:59:37
@_date: 2014-11-16 19:38:46
Source? 
@_date: 2014-03-16 05:26:55
Invite please!
@_date: 2014-07-22 23:38:17
"This video is unavailable on this platform." I'm using iOS. 
@_date: 2014-07-14 17:14:21
Who is to "manage the block size"? 
The goal is to "manage" it in a distributed manner, and as far as I know, there is no proposal that achieves that.
@_date: 2014-08-10 21:57:10
@_date: 2014-02-12 17:50:17
There is no known way for deciding what the block size should be in a distributed manner.
@_date: 2014-07-29 16:20:10
I had the blockchain Cydia app, and had the same issue. A restart (after deleting the Cydia version) solved it for me. 
@_date: 2014-11-01 04:57:14
This is sort of a bad news: in order to make the Bitcoin network useful, a lot of fine tuning by the developers is still needed. This means the network isn't as distributed as it should be. 
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:13:42
What about the original hardware wallet hw-1?
@_date: 2015-01-05 05:54:27
The motivation is pretty weak:
" The combination of both features provides a threshold signature support that is
as convenient for the payer as the single signature version of Bitcoin. Nevertheless,
this variant of threshold signatures for Bitcoin has several disadvantages that are
also mentioned by Goldfeder et al. (2014): First, it is visible in the public block
chain that threshold signatures are used. Second, the spending transaction becomes
much larger as it contains the t signatures and the script with the list of the u public
keys. Signatures and public keys are responsible for most of the data in a transaction.
Consequently, having several of them increases the size of the transaction significantly
and can increase the transaction fees as these depend on the size of the transaction.
Last but not least, there are Bitcoin clients around which do not work properly with
the threshold-signature extension. The use of threshold signatures compatible with
ECDSA as discussed in the previous section circumvents these kinds of problems."
Fees for pay-to-scrict-hash are negligible; and I see very little motivation for hiding the fact that one uses an m-out-of-n addresses, especially since it becomes more common due to greenaddress.it and few others. 
Nevertheless, the crypto seems interesting!
@_date: 2017-09-27 07:49:47


You have to specify some kind of change address, and the 0.09 BTC would return to it.


We haven't considered this type of architectural issues, as this is outside the scope of our expertise. Nevertheless, I'll be happy to discuss it here. Here's a naive, way to implement this: the user which submits a transaction, can specify several change addresses, and a percent for how much from the change would go to each of these addresses. One needs to take care of rounding issues.


Perhaps this can be implemented as a soft fork. The user will have to specify their change address somehow - not sure what's the best mechanism for that, but also can't see why this should be hard to achieve. The miner would have to "send back" the leftover change to the address, as the protocol requires. This can be done in the "monopolistic price" mechanism, which is deterministic, but not in the RSOP mechanism (which uses the hash of the block as its source of randomness). 
There are some caveats: this approach is somewhat inefficient as these transactions take space in the block. Also, the source for the change address cannot be the coinbase transaction, since it can't be use for some time. This means that a miner has to have some bitcoins at her disposal during mining. 
Perhaps there are better ways to do it. We will of course be  happy to get the Core developers interested in our proposal. My personal feeling is that there are bigger concerns than soft vs. hard fork for this proposal - implementing this would be a serious change to the Bitcoin protocol (and obviously should be done with extreme care). 
@_date: 2017-09-27 11:06:13
In the ideal RSOP mechanism, the miner includes all the transaction in the mempool in the block. The protocol randomly chooses (where the randomness is based on the hash of the block) which transactions are valid.


As you mention, it is not clear how to pick the distribution of the users' valuation. If you ignore the y-axis in Figure 6, you see the size of the blocks for two valuation functions based on the "real" blockchain data on the x-axis. The total number of players in these simulation goes from 2^3 to 2^17 (in powers of 2), where we have one point shown per simulation, and 100 points per size (so a total of 1500 points). 


These are indeed extremely important and relevant questions, but unfortunately, since there are so many uncertainties regarding the distribution of the willingness-to-pay variable, and especially since we didn't analyze the information regarding transactions that never got into a block, I can't even provide an educated guess.
@_date: 2017-09-27 08:09:28


Indeed, the side-channel problem is a serious concern. It is one of the reasons we prefer the "monopolistic price" mechanism over the RSOP mechanism (which, in some sense, is much more elegant). The RSOP mechanism suffers from this problem, because in order to avoid some manipulations, the miner "shares" the revenue from the fees of the current block with the next miner, so to make it costly to add "fake" transactions. 
As for the monopolistic price mechanism, side channels cannot be profitable, under the additional assumption that there is no price differentiation between the accepted users (then, following the "honest" protocol would provide the same revenue for the miner, without the need of any coordination).


Please also see my comment on the other question here: 
Since these are probably relatively small amounts, the simplest solution would be to enforce the same rules as the coinbase transactions. I can imagine that from the wallet devlopers' perspective, this is a pain-in-the-ass, as the wallet would have to explain the user that it has 2BTC available for spending now, and 0.001 available at some later time, similarly to what happens with unconfirmed transactions (just that the confirmation time would be 100 blocks). Another solution is that the change would come from the miner's own funds, but that of course has even more limitations: one needs to have the non-trivial assumption that miner have and can spend their bitcoins during mining, it adds an attack vector (users put high values for their willingness-to-pay so that the miner does not have enough bitcoins to return them), these miners may loose their bitcoins in case of a reorg, and one needs to be extra careful that the miners can't do some tricks so that in case of a reorg they double spend these bitcoins, so that in the new branch they don't pay these fees back to the users (otherwise, it is much safer to use the first solution I suggested). To conclude, I think the first solution is safer even though somewhat harder to use.


 The design goal of the proposal is to maximize the miner's revenue. People are willing to pay non-negligible transaction fees -- we can see that already. The mechanism's goal is to extract as much as possible from that. One could of course argue the other way: perhaps it would "buy" too much security.
edited: rephrased solutions to the reorg problem. 
 
@_date: 2016-05-02 08:52:43
And what's the other signature in his post? The one starting with IFdyaWdod... ?
@_date: 2013-09-04 05:41:49
Oops, sorry, didn't check it thoroughly. I read the "demo" message, and thought that they are for sale.
@_date: 2013-06-26 14:11:08
Could you provide a link? Are you sure they ment mixing services like the one block chain.info provide?
@_date: 2013-09-03 17:38:04
Currently, the inflation rate due to the increased money supply is larger than most fiat currencies. Other than that, I agree.
@_date: 2013-08-02 09:45:00
At this point there are already several proposals for "quantum money" protocols. They have slightly different properties. I am not involved in any of these proposals. These protocols require a quantum computer, so they are irrelevant for the near future.
In order to use quantum money, we also need to assume that there is a way for moving quantum information between the two parties. Moving qubits for long distances using optics (when the information is stored in the photons) is relatively simple, but then it is hard to creates quantum memory to store this information. But there is no reason to believe that this is impossible, and I believe it will happen in the next 20 years (and probably sooner). This is based on talks that I heard from people that try to implement quantum computers and quantum networks. 
Although this is not a necessity in quantum money protocols, limited supply could be enforced. The mint (which could be a government or any other entity) gives a serial number to each note, and publishes these serial numbers. Only valid serial numbers are accepted when a transaction is made. So, if the protocol says that the list of valid serial numbers is fixed, no more money can be created. Alternatively, the mint can print more money, but at least it must be published: there is no way to print more money without revealing it. This is true for the scheme in "quantum money from knots".
Regarding your last question: this is the hardest part. In the first scheme by  Stephen Wiesner from the 70's, the solution was very simple, but required the bank to verify the validity of the money in each transaction: 
The bank created a tensor product state with either |0&gt;,|1&gt;,|+&gt;,|-&gt;, where |+&gt;= 2^-0.5 (|0&gt; +|1&gt;) and |-&gt;= 2^-0.5 (|0&gt; - |1&gt;). For example, a valid note could be |010+0-10-&gt;. The bank could easily verify such a state, because it created it, but nobody else could learn the state, because if it is measured in the wrong basis, it will be disturbed. So, the probability of forging a note was exponentially small in the size of the state.
The main idea in the more modern proposals which overcomes the need for communicating with the bank to verify the validity of the note is the following: there are classes of states that are easy to verify, but hard to create. So, if they are hard to create, how can the mint create these states? The answer is similar to one way functions: given x it is simple to compute f(x) but not the other way round. More specifically (which I assume you are familiar with quantum computation), the mint creates a state ~ \sum_x |x&gt; |f(x)&gt;, where f is a classical function. Then it measures the right register, and we denote the outcome as y. At this point the state collapses to ~\sum_{x s.t. f(x)=y} |x&gt;. The serial number of the note is y. When someone receives the quantum money, he first computes f(x), measure it and checks that the answer is y. The hard part is to make sure that the state is a uniform superposition over all x s.t. f(x)=y. The specific properties of f are crucial for that, but for some functions this can be done by the receiver, using the quantum analogue of a random walk.
I hope this was helpful...
@_date: 2013-08-01 06:40:00
Good point! 
First of all, if the complexity of breaking the private key is similar to Shor's algorithm, it takes the order of n^3 operations, where n is the length of the public key. If we assume that on the long run the clock speed of a quantum computer will be similar to current classical computers, then your argument wouldn't hold: 256^3 ~ 20 million operations, which takes a tenth of a second on a modern computer.
More interestingly, even if it takes more than 10 minutes, I believe it raises other possibilities for an attack: it motivates keeping the message for yourself. If nobody (or very few) know about the transaction, clearly, it won't be added to the blockchain in a short time, which gives more time to try breaking it.
@_date: 2013-08-02 13:34:12
The whole  point of the proof of work mining is to solve the double spending problem. Quantum money solve the same problem by a completely different approach, without the burden of proof of work. No wasted energy, instant transaction, and true anonymity are the added benefits.
To answer your second point: first of all, verifying a payment requires communication. Can you do a bitcoin transaction without an Internet connection? With quantum money it is possible. In the modern protocols of quantum money, everyone can verify the validity of the money, without any communication. So, also in quantum money "anybody can verify the coins that are held".
@_date: 2013-08-01 08:02:41
tl;dr quantum money has quite a few advantages over bitcoin: it is truly anonymous, doesn't require communication in order to make a transaction, and isn't vulnerable to 51% attacks.
On the other hand, quantum money doesn't have the accountability property that bitcoin has: Alice can't prove to the police that she paid Bob using quantum money.
@_date: 2013-12-07 00:32:23
@_date: 2013-08-04 06:38:04
You can't create as many copies as you like, for the same reason "double spending" attacks won't work.
On the other hand, you can use "quantum secret sharing" schemes. This is similar to 2-out-of-3 transactions in bitcoin: you apply procedure after which you have 3 subsystems. In order to use the quantum money, you need access to at least two out of the three subsystems to spend the money.
@_date: 2013-10-21 19:52:13
Why does the sha256 applied twice?
@_date: 2013-08-01 06:50:56
@_date: 2013-05-20 19:35:51


Could you explain the "residual heat" argument? 
Classical and quantum computing can be made reversible, hence do not require much energy no matter how long the computation is.
@_date: 2013-09-03 17:44:18
Coin lenders is dead: it's just a demo site. You can also consider buying bonds in the large exchanges such as bitfunder, havelock and btct. For example, Ukyo loan, Great loan, and Xbond. The people behind these loans have much better reputation than the people using BtcJam.
Nevertheless, if BtcJam finds a way to prevent easy defaults, it would have a dramatic effect.
@_date: 2013-08-04 06:31:11
This is indeed another drawback I didn't think about.
You can use quantum encryption ( so nobody else would benefit from rerouting it. On the other hand, I don't know how to deal with the problem of (intentionally) lost packets. A small fraction of errors can be fixed using quantum error correcting codes.
@_date: 2013-09-04 06:14:04
Another question: is there any legal action after a default in these websites? Any other mechanism to secure the investors? I never used the two websites OP mentioned.
@_date: 2013-12-05 22:04:07
You didn't answer the question: did it happen with bitcoin?
I'm truly curios...
@_date: 2013-08-03 13:31:43
"How do you do that without enabling copying?"
I tried to explain the main idea in my previous message. If it didn't make sense you can either try to read the original paper, or ask a more specific question...
Brute force attack as you suggested are possible, but are similar in spirit to attacking hash functions: it takes exponential time, so with the right parameters, it would take more than the life time of the universe.
@_date: 2013-07-31 18:46:57
Plain wrong. A qubit cannot store more than one bit of classical information. See Holevo's bound:  . 