@_author: saturdaysofthunder
@_date: 2017-01-07 08:03:36
Never heard of that one. Can he use the equipment on something else?
@_date: 2016-12-09 06:40:58
Having a target's email and phone # is still not enough to hack their email. A hacker uses that information and then still needs the target to comply. The hacker requests a password reset from an email provider, and the email provider sends the target a code.  Then the hacker sends a message to the target pretending to be the email provider requesting the code that the real provider just sent to the target. An example message the hacker might send to the target is: "Google has detected unusual activity on your account. Please respond with the code sent to your mobile device to stop unauthorized activity." Then the target unknowingly sends the password reset code to the hacker which allows the hacker to change the password. It seems obvious when explained, but in the heat of the moment, people may quickly act without thinking about a potential scam.
source: 
tl;dr Don't send a password reset code that was sent to your phone to a new unknown phone number, especially if you didn't even request a password reset code in the first place. You can avoid getting tricked by not putting your phone number as a recovery option in the first place, but if you never text anyone a password reset code you receive or click a link you receive in a text and then enter the password reset code, you will probably be fine. 
@_date: 2017-05-12 20:47:47
I disagree. Things like this are really bad for widespread adoption. I know you can't exactly "kill" bitcoin, due to the decentralized nature. But if governments just start banning any company from transacting $ to/from bitcoin and/or make it illegal to hold btc, you can effectively greatly harm widespread adoption. If the govt announced that it was banning everyone from holding crypto currencies tomorrow, btc would plummet, even if they may never "catch" people using it. The future increased value of it relies on widespread use.