@_author: satumadu
@_date: 2019-03-18 02:35:05
sorry, I'm not really up to speed here. I went to blockchain.com and entered the alpha-numeric btc recieve address. This generated a QR code unlike the one in my original screenshot. I copied the url of that page (blockchain.com) and pasted that in the  zxing.org site and got this : "The image you uploaded could not be decoded, or was too large. Go "Back" in your browser and try another image."
I'm trying to find someone who will send me a very small amount of btc to see if the wallet receive address is valid. The QR discrepancy has me worried, but lacking a smartphone I don't know how to resolve that doubt.
@_date: 2019-03-18 03:32:41
OK, thanks for all the replies... now that I know that there is not necessarily a problem I can start trying to purchase a little btc.
@_date: 2019-03-18 04:09:42
thanks, I was going to do that but got confused by the QR code discrepancy. Now that I know that is not necessarily a problem I will rely on the alpha-numeric address.
@_date: 2019-08-10 02:18:29
yes I also came to the conclusion that the trezor sub is where I have to post. But thanks for the effort... it's a learning process. I have even seen some tutorials/videos where "password"/"passphrase" and "seed words" are conflated or used wrongly.
@_date: 2019-08-08 01:36:18
Let me try to portray my confusion another way...
Suppose I have 2 btc "on" a ledger and trezor, both initialized with the same 24 seed word, but no 25th word on the ledger or passphrase on the trezor. (I know the coins are not "on" the devices... it's just a manner of speaking).
In this case I can access the same 2 btc's with either device.
Now I add a passphrase to the trezor. I am being told that this is a "new wallet"... not accessible by the ledger (unless I manage to add the same passphrase to the ledger... which is supposed to be very difficult... and is not something I am interested in doing).
Now, I want to know about this "new wallet" on the trezor. I can imagine two possibilities...
 "A": this new, passphrase protected wallet, takes control of the "old wallet", the 2 btc are now "in" this new wallet, and they are no longer accessible via the ledger.
or "B": this new wallet is empty, and must have coins transferred into it. If this is the case then I could, for example, send 1 btc to it from the old wallet. At which time the ledger would have access to the one remaning btc in the "old wallet"... and the trezor would also have access to this one btc if only the password (but not the passphrase) was entered into the device. The trezor would also be able to access the "new wallet" containing 1 btc by entering the passphrase. In other words, both the ledger and the trezor would be able to access 1 btc associated with the wallet "linked" to the identical 24 seed words... but only the trezor could access the second btc by entering the passphrase.
@_date: 2019-08-07 12:06:15
I'm not talking about funds moving.... it's accessibility of the same funds/accounts associated with the same seed words on different devices . I'm trying to find out if the passphrase on a trezor prohibits, or allows, a ledger with the same seed words (but no passphrase) access to the same funds/accounts (as would be the case if no passphrase was added).
@_date: 2019-08-07 12:25:37
I give up.
@_date: 2019-08-07 11:57:25
Sorry to be so dense... I understand that the use of a passprase creates a new wallet on the trezor. My question is: do the funds become locked into that new trezor wallet... i.e. they are no longer accessible via the ledger? Or is the new trezor wallet void of funds, and the ledger still has access to the original funds?
@_date: 2019-08-07 11:44:01
Thanks... that's what i suspected. To be clear, do you mean that if I had used the same 24 seed words on both ledger and trezor, and then I put a passphrase on the trezor, the funds, previously accessible by either device, would then only be accessible by the trezor? Or would the addition of the passphrase over-ride the association of the accounts with the 24 seed words, thereby creating a new situation where there were now no accounts on the trezor, and the ledger would still have access to the original accounts associated with the seed words?
Sorry for the sloppy syntax...
@_date: 2019-08-09 10:56:35
Thanks for the lengthy reply. Sorry it took a while to get back. I am not confusing "passphrase" and "password". 
Both devices have passwords, and prior to the passphrase being set on the trezor, both had access to the 2 btc in the old wallet. (Let's ignore the 25th word thing... I have no intention of initializing one on a ledger.) So "passphrase" is the term used by Trezor, and if I initialze one on  a trezor device then my question regarding scenario "B" still remains a bit unclear.
I have 1 btc remaining on the "old wallet". This is still accessible by the ledger by entering the password. I'm still not sure if it is also still accessible by the trezor by entering the password. i.e. I know the trezor has the ability to access the 1 btc on the new wallet by entering the passphrase; but I don't know if it retains the ability to access the old wallet with 1 btc remaining in it by entering the password. In other words are there 2 wallets now on the trezor, each containing 1btc... one opened with password, and the other opened with passphrase?
@_date: 2019-10-24 09:08:05
I am not an expert, so you should check what I say with other sources.
I think the advice to only buy from the producer's website would apply more to a Trezor or Keep Key.
I recently saw a video with the man who I think is the CEO of Ledger. He said that it does not matter where you get the ledger nano s from. During the setup process when you choose a PIN, and generate the 24 seed word, Ledger Live performs a check to see if the device is authentic.
So even if you bought one second-hand, and reset it with a new seed phrase, the check would be performed, and it would be shown to be authentic or not.
But, as I said, check other sources.
@_date: 2019-02-16 03:07:58
thanks, I sort of assumed it did because of the cyberpunk motif, but strange they don't mention it. 
@_date: 2019-04-18 09:27:04
Not bitcoin related I know, but... if you have a chance watch  "Abacus: Small Enough to Jail," a very good documentary in which Cyrus Vance Jr. shows himself to be a bully. He picked on a small family-owned bank which he thought he could easily prosecute for fraud. He was wrong.
@_date: 2019-04-18 09:34:13
I don't think one can buy an apartment in Malaysia unless one has PR status or is on the Malaysia My Second Home programme. 
I do know of one American who has been doing border runs for longer than the 13 years I have been here. He rents a flat, and stays out  of the country a few days every 90 days. Doing a quick turnaround is not recommended. AAlso if using the Thai border there are restrictions on how many entries one can do in a year to Thailand.
@_date: 2019-04-18 09:49:02
Renting is doable. I rented for a couple of years before getting the MM2H visa. 
Depending on your nationality you may not have to get a visa for Thailand. But restrictions apply if doing a land crossing. I think it's two visits in a calendar year. If flying into Thailand then this does not apply; but a return ticket may be required to be shown.
thaivisa.com has all the latest info on that subject. There are also cheap flights to other S.E. Asian countries in case Thailand is not an option.