@_author: saudiaramcoshill
@_date: 2017-12-18 16:00:42


I didn't go to Harvard, but it doesn't take going to Harvard to understand that some of her complaints are ill-founded.
[Here's a brief write-up, originally from Bloomberg, but this is the non-paywall version]( 
[She proposes a high frequency trade tax]( which would end up affecting peoples retirement accounts more than it would affect the bank.
On a more personal note, I have watched Warren interview Tim Sloan and John Stumpf of Wells Fargo, and it's pretty clear that she's just out there to make a populist name for herself. She [frequently takes things out of context to make her point]( She's yelling at Tim Sloan for saying *on an investor* call that he wants Wells Fargo customers to have Wells Fargo credit cards. Imagine that - a company executive wants customers to use his company's product! The nerve. She then follows up with "well, Wells had an overbearing sales culture, and the LA times interviewed you about it and they had documents that showed the culture", while completely ignoring that Sloan literally says that they didn't present him with documents, they just called him and asked him about the culture. And then wonders why he didn't open an investigation immediately, but follows it with "did you open an investigation when the article came out", to which his answer was yes. So... exactly what you should expect someone to do - try to sell your product, then someone calls with an unsubstantiated claim that you're doing something wrong, you say "I don't know anything about this", and then when proof comes out that there is an issue, you immediately do something about it. And she wants him fired for that. She then tries to follow up by taking a quote about the vision of the company and apply it to a very specific subset of the company.
[All of her speeches and interviews read as monologues]( - she's not actually interested in learning anything or doing any sort of investigation, she is solely looking to yell at someone who represents something that the common people hate. 
So, outside of the first few articles I posted which lay out how her policy demands actually counter her stated goals, I personally don't like Warren because she's the Trump of the Democratic party - just a loud mouthpiece for the very far left without any economic sense. She does have some good ideas occasionally, but I have a very hard time looking past some of the dumber things she says and does.
@_date: 2017-12-18 03:41:25
And it's just a puff piece for Warren, who really actually has almost no financial acumen. She's an alarmist, which is useful sometimes, but she talks from the layman's perspective because she doesn't understand enough to talk deeply about many financial issues.
@_date: 2017-12-18 12:16:48
Knowledge of the law doesnt really imply financial knowledge.
If you look at her proposals, most of them are 'common sense' proposals that don't make sense if you understand the more complex parts of the market. She's a populist whose stated goals don't jive with her proposals.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:51:22
One coin being a million dollars means Bitcoin has a market cap of 21 trillion. Do you think that's a reasonable number?