@_author: savage-man
@_date: 2017-12-06 16:39:43
copied from article (part 3 of 3)
Where has our present system gone wrong? The criticisms of the existing monetary system are short but glaring. First, everyone is disturbed by the constant increase in quantity. And this is more than an offhand accusation. In 2007 the Fed had $750B in assets. In 2017 they have $4.7 Trillion, a 7-fold increase. Where did that money come from? Nowhere. They printed it up, digitally.
 
 
The TARP audit ultimately showed $23 trillion created. Nor was the distribution the same. Who received the money the Fed printed? Bondholders, Large Corporations, Hedge Funds and the like. Pa’s Diner? Not so much. So unlike Bitcoin, there not only was a sudden, secret, unapproved, unexpected, unaccountable increase in quantity, but little to no chance for the population to also “mine” some of these new “coins”. Which leads to this:
 
 
Near-perfect income disparity, with near-perfect distribution of new “coins” to those with access to the “development team”, and zero or even negative returns for those without inside access. Does this seem like a winning model you could sell to the public? Nor is this unique to the U.S.; Japan had long ago put such methods to use, and by 2017 the Bank of Japan owns a mind-bending 75% of Japanese ETFs:
 
 
So this unelected, unaccountable bank, which creates its coin from nothing without limit or restraint, now owns 75% of the actual hard labor, assets, indeed, the entire wealth HISTORY of Japan? It took from the Edo Period in 1603 through Japan-takes-the-world 1980s until 2017 to create the wealth of Japan, and Kuroda only 6 years to buy it all? What madness is this?
Nor is Europe better. Mario Draghi has now printed so much money, he has run out of bonds to buy. This is in a Eurozone with a debt measuring Trillions, with $10 Trillion of that yielding negative rates. That’s a direct transfer from all savers to all debtors, and still the economy is sinking fast. Aside from how via these bonds, the ECB came to own all the houses, businesses, and governments of Europe in a few short years, does this sound like a business model you want to participate in?
So the volume of issuance is bad, and unfairness of who the coins are issued to is as bad as humanly possible, giving incredible advantages to issuers to transfer all wealth to themselves, either new or existing.
But if the currency is functional day-to-day, surely the issuance can be overlooked. Is it? Inflation is devilishly hard to measure, but here’s a chart of commodities:
 
 
 
 
The US Dollar:
 
 
or vs Gold (/silver):
 
 
Does that look stable to you? And not that Bitcoin is stable, but at least Bitcoin goes UP at the same rate these charts are going DOWN. One store coupon declines in value at 4% a year, or may even start negative, while the other gives steady gains to loyal customers. Which business model would you prefer?
But that’s not all.
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:34:42
this is true, but I believe the time to make money with shit coins is running out! Be ahead of the curve! There are so many people with mbtc- they want to do something with it, and not just buy some random shit on overstock, swap to shit coins, or pay for their vpn. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:27:32


Read some stuff from Eric Hunsader and Nanex. He has shown and proven how wallstreet (specifically some very powerful high-frequency trading outfits) manipulate markets with strategies like "spoofing." He has been awarded money from the SEC for his findings. The SEC cannot keep up with regulation and with BTC the manipulation could be worse. I am not trying to fud, im not even saying to sell, but I am saying be prepared for a bumpy ride. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 18:33:15
the blog writer of "the automatic earth," has been writing a few pieces about bitcoin. he/she are a skeptic. The majority of the article is written by another person called "dr. d," who outlines the principles of bitcoin in his/her opinion. I feel they did bitcoin justice, others may see flaws. Its worth a read, in my opinion. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:36:49
Youre trying to make some kind of comparison of rich vs poor. Participating in Nicehash was a personal choice. Housing is a human need. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:14:52
quick, semi-unrelated question about atomic swaps. I need to read more about it but Im just curious- Do you think atomic swaps could increase volatility as it makes it even more convenient to "panic-trade" to alts and back? This may be a dumb question, sorry. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:36:00
Im sure the moderators do a great job filtering a ton of shit content. 
Its a thankless job. 
Im not going to shit on the moderators but god damn this sub has turned to absolute garbage. I dont think Ive ever said that about a sub before and I probably dont have the right to say that but damn. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 04:26:25
And you can't accept consequence.
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:32:58
That was the risk you were apparently willing to take. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:59:37
nice this looks good. $200 daily limit unless further verified but thats fine. Thanks 
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:37:00
copy of full text below (1 of 2):
"A while ago, I asked a regular commenter at the Automatic Earth, who goes by the moniker Dr. D, to try and write an article for us. Not long after, I received no less than 31 pages, and an even 12345 words. Way too long for today’s digital attention spans. We decided to split it into 5 chapters. After we work through those 5, we’ll post it as one piece as well. Dr. D, who insists on sticking with his nom de plume, picked his own topic, and it’s -fittingly- bitcoin. A topic about which one can cover a lot of ground in 12345 words.
Now, I wouldn’t be me if I didn’t throw in my own two Satoshis: Dr. D claims that “..everyone has an equal opportunity to solve the next calculation..”, but while that may perhaps have been sort of true at the very start, it isn’t now. It’s not true for the computerless or computer-illiterate, for those too poor to afford the electricity required by bitcoin mining, and for various other -very large- groups of people.
The equal opportunity idea sounds nice, but I think bitcoin runs the risk of creating just another set of elites, while reinforcing existing elites, who can afford to either buy bitcoin at whatever price at some point in time, or spend large sums to build mining ‘installations’ in locations where electricity is cheap. And sure, there will be losers among elites too, but inequality itself will not change; only the faces of winners and losers will, while the world’s real losers will remain just that.
It’s nothing new of course, inequality is our society’s middle name, but maybe that is precisely the problem. Maybe bitcoin should have come with an inbuilt way to spread wealth, not just shift it around.
Then again, it may all just be a giant bubble. Or a bubble inside a bubble inside a bubble.
 
Here’s your Dr.:
 
 
Dr. D: Bitcoin is all the rage today, and as it crosses over $10,000, a 10-bagger for the year, we should look at what it is, what it isn’t, and why it’s become so popular. Note my observations are those of a layman – which may be more useful than those of a programmer – but also those of a skeptic, which I’ll get to at the end.
First, what is Bitcoin? Well, the idea of digital money goes back to the first digits, financial mainframes. In fact, the “money” in use today throughout the financial system have long been no more than virtual 1’s and 0’s on a spinning hard drive somewhere, but the idea of Bitcoin-money, private-money, goes back further still. I mean, what is “money”? At its core, it’s no more than the most-tradable good in a given society, a trading chit we use as a measurement tool, a token recording how much value we created or are owed. Arguably the first money was not gold, not seashells or even barter, but a promise. Let me borrow your net and I’ll give you a couple fish from the work. Why? Because you might break the net or I might use it, so I need to get paid for my risk, reward for my effort in making and storing the net to begin with.
So money at its most austere is simply a promise. But a promise to whom for what? And that’s the problem. No matter what good you use, people place differing values on it, different time-preferences, and most especially ways to cheat, game the system, and renege. This is bad among businesses, banks – who are after all only men – especially bad among governments, but worst of all among government and banks combined. Because, should the banks lie, renege, default, abuse their privilege, who then would hold them to task?
In the past, over and over, groups have created their own “money”. The whole 19th century was marked by general stores extending credit, bank notes issued by thousands of private banks, each with their own strength and solvency and geography and discounted accordingly. In the 20th century, with central banks controlling money, many cities issued local “scrip” – promises to pay – in Detroit in the Depression, or California in the budget crunch of 2009, or “Ithaca Dollars” in NY as a sort of ongoing Ivy League experiment. But the problem with these only highlight the problems with money generally:who can issue them? Everyone? A central authority? Can they deliver goods? And what can they buy, not just in value but in location?
Ithaca Dollars or California Tax Vouchers are not much good to buy oil from Texas or tea from China. People will always prefer a good that is accepted everywhere, with no decay and no discount, because ultimately the money flows away, offshore or to central taxation, which makes local currencies ever-less valuable. But even if successful it leads to a new set of problems: if Detroit or Ithaca Dollars were in high demand, there would be ever-stronger incentive to counterfeit, cheat, and double-spend them. Thus from the Renaissance to now we used reputable banks backed by force of governments, through the Gold standard and the Fiat age until today.
Enter the hackers.
It’s not that these problems are unknown, or haven’t been approached or attempted before. Every generation, when they find the banks + government take a percentage for their costs to insure the system, thinks how can we do away with these guys, who both take too much and end up in an unapproachable seat of power? I mean, aren’t we supposed to be a Democracy? How can we have a fair society if the Iron Bank is both backing all governments at once, on both sides of a war? What good is it to work if compounding interest invariably leads to their winning Boardwalk and Park Place 100% of the time? But despite several digital attempts – some immediately shut down by government – no one had a solution until Satoshi Nakamoto.
We don’t know who Satoshi Nakamoto is, but since several of the well-meaning developers were immediately jailed for even attempting private money on reasons arguably groundless, we can suppose he had good incentive to remain anonymous. And speculation aside, it doesn’t matter: Satoshi’s addition was not “Bitcoin” per se, but simply an idea that made private currency possible. The domain Bitcoin.org was registered in 2008, showing intent, and the open-source code was promoted to a small cryptography group in January 2009. But what was it? What did it solve?
Double-spending. Basically, the problem of money comes down to trust. Trust between individuals, between the system, but also partly trust in non-interference of governments or other powerful groups. Bitcoin is a trust machine.
How does it work? Well, the basic problem of cheating was one of not creating fake, hidden registers of value, as the U.S. Government, J.P. Morgan, and the Comex do every day. If they asked Yellen to type some extra zeros on the U.S. ledger, print a few pallets of $100 bills to send to Ukraine, who would know? Who could stop them? So with Bitcoin, the “value”, the register is created by essentially solving a math problem, akin to discovering prime numbers. Why do something so pointless? Simple: math doesn’t lie. Unlike U.S. Dollars, there are only so many prime numbers. We can be certain you won’t reach 11-digits and discover an unexpected trove of a thousand primes in the row. Can’t happen. However useless, Math is certainty. In this case, math is also limited. It’s also known and provable, unlike the U.S. budget or Federal Reserve accounting.
The second problem of cheating was someone simply claiming chits they did not own. This was solved by having the participants talk back and forth with each other, creating a public record or ledger. In fact, Bitcoin is nothing more than a very, very long accounting ledger of where every coin came from, and how every coin has moved since then, something computers do very well. These accounting lines register amongst all participants using a process of confirmed consensus.
Double-spending is when someone writes a check either against money they don’t have (yet) and round-robin in the money for the one second of clearing, or else write a check against money they DO have, but then cancel the check before it clears, walking away with the goods. In a standard commerce, the bank backfills fraud and loss and the government arrests, tries, and imprisons people, but it’s no small cost to do so. Although there is still a small possibility of double-spending, Satoshi’s plan effectively closed the issue: the ledger is either written, or unwritten. There is no time in the middle to exploit."
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:29:59
have at it!
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:32:34
Theres a difference between Just World Fallacy and personal responsibility. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:31:48
yes. 
Id rather have "bounties" for work completion -&gt; reward. Those types of solutions are the whole point of this thing... Your analogy is what is *wrong* with the current system. 
@_date: 2017-12-06 16:37:00
copied from article (part 1 of 3)
You have to understand what exchanges are and are not. An exchange is a central point where owners post collateral and thereby join and trade on the exchange. The exchange backs the trades with their solvency and reputation, but it’s not a barter system, and it’s not free: the exchange has to make money too. Look at the Comex, which reaches back to the early history of commodities exchange which was founded to match buyers of say, wheat, like General Mills, with producers, the farmers. But why not just have the farmer drive to the local silo and sell there? Two reasons: one, unlike manufacturing, harvests are lumpy. To have everyone buy or sell at one time of the year would cripple the demand for money in that season. This may be why market crashes happen historically at harvest when the demand for money (i.e. Deflation) was highest. Secondly, however, suppose the weather turned bad: all farmers would be ruined simultaneously.
Suppose the weather then recovered: the previous low prices are erased and any who delayed selling would be rich. This sort of random, uncontrolled, uninsurable event is no way to run an economy, so they added a small group of speculators into the middle. You could sell wheat today for delivery in June, and the buyer would lock in a price. This had the effect of moderating prices, insuring both buyers AND sellers, at the small cost of paying the traders and speculators for their time, basically providing insurance. But the exchange is neither buyer, seller, nor speculator. They only keep the doors open to trade and vet the participants. What’s not immediately apparent is these Contracts of Wheat are only wheat promises, not wheat itself. Although amounts vary, almost all commodities trade contracts in excess of what is actually delivered, and what may exist on earth. I mean the wheat they’re selling, millions of tons, haven’t even been planted yet. So they are synthetic wheat, fantasy wheat that the exchange is selling.
A Bitcoin exchange is the same thing. You post your Bitcoin to the exchange, and trade it within the exchange with other customers like you. But none of the Bitcoin you trade on the exchange is yours, just like none of the wheat traded is actual wheat moving on trucks between silos. They are Bitcoin vouchers, Bitcoin PROMISES, not actual Bitcoin. So? So although prices are being set on the exchanges – slightly different prices in each one – none of the transfers are recorded on the actual Bitcoin Ledger. So how do you think exchanges stay open? Like Brokers and Banks, they take in the Bitcoin at say 100 units, but claim within themselves to have 104.
 
Why? Like any other fractional reserve system, they know that at any given moment 104 users will not demand delivery. This is their “float” and their profit, which they need to have, and this works well as far as it goes. However, it leads to the problem at Mt. Gox, and indeed Bear Sterns, Lehman and DeutscheBank: a sudden lack of confidence will always lead to a collapse, leaving a number of claims unfulfilled. That’s the bank run you know so well from Mary Poppins’ “Fidelity Fiduciary Bank”. It is suspected to be particularly bad in the case of Mt. Gox, which was unregulated. How unregulated? Well, not only were there zero laws concerning Bitcoin, but MTGOX actually stands for “Magic The Gathering Online eXchange”; that is, they were traders of comic books and Pokemon cards, not a brokerage. Prepare accordingly.
The important thing here is that an exchange is not Bitcoin. On an exchange, you own a claim on Bitcoin, through the legal entity of the exchange, subject only to jurisdiction and bankruptcy law. You do not own Bitcoin. But maybe Mt.Gox didn’t inflate their holdings but was indeed hacked? Yes, as an exchange, they can be hacked. Now you only need infiltrate one central point to gain access to millions of coins and although their security is far better, it’s now worth a hacker’s time. Arguably, most coins are held on an exchange, which is one reason for the incredibly skewed numbers regarding Bitcoin concentration. Just remember, if you don’t hold it, you don’t own it. In a hack, your coins are gone.
If the exchange is lying or gets in trouble, your coins are gone. If someone is embezzling, your coins are gone. If the Government stops the exchange, your coins are gone. If the economy cracks, the exchange will be cash-strapped and your coins are frozen and/or gone. None of these are true if YOU own your coins in a true peer-to-peer manner, but few do. But this is also true of paper dollars, gold bars, safe deposit boxes, and everything else of value. This accounts for some of the variety of opinions on the safety of Bitcoin. So if Polinex or Coinbase gets “hacked” it doesn’t mean “Bitcoin” was hacked any more than if the Comex or MF Global fails, that corn or Yen were “hacked”. The exchange is not Bitcoin: it’s the exchange. There are exchange risks and Bitcoin risks. Being a ledger Bitcoin is wide open and public. How would you hack it? You already have it. And so does everybody else.
    So we’ve covered the main aspects of Bitcoin and why it is eligible to be money. Classically, money has these things:
    1. Durable- the medium of exchange must not weather, rot, fall apart, or become unusable.
    2. Portable- relative to its size, it must be easily movable and hold a large amount of value.
    3. Divisible- it should be relatively easy to divide with all parts identical.
    4. Intrinsically Valuable- should be valuable in itself and its value should be independent of any other object. Essentially, the item must be rare.
    5. Money is a “Unit of Account”, that is, people measure other things, time and value, using the units of value to THINK about the world, and thus is an part of psychology. Strangely that makes this both the weakest and strongest aspect of:
    6. “The Network Effect”. Its social and monetary inertia. That is, it’s money to you because you believe other people will accept it in exchange.
@_date: 2017-12-06 16:54:38
oh, my bad, didnt realize you already knew *everything* that was written in the article. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:42:01
because amazon stopped allowing for individual sellers. Now you require a business license. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:37:20
copy of full text below (2 of 2):
 
Great for him, but if I buy coins by Satoshi and the original cryptogroup, won’t I just be transferring all my value to make them rich? Although Bitcoin supply may be limited by mathematics, this is the issuer problem. It is solved because as a free, open source code, everyone has an equal opportunity to solve the next calculation. Bitcoin starts with the original 50 coins mined in 2009, so yes, early adopters get more: but they took more risk and trouble back when it was a novelty valuable only as proof-of-concept. The original cash transaction was between hackers to buy two pizzas for 10,000 BTC ($98M today). Why shouldn’t they get preference? At the same time, we are not buying all 20 Million eventual coins from Satoshi and his close friends, which is arguably the case with the Federal Reserve and other central banks. Bitcoin is bought and created from equal participants who have been actively mining as the coins appear, that is, from doing electronic work.
This leads to the next challenge: why would anyone bother keeping their computers on to process this increasingly long accounting ledger? Electricity isn’t free. The process of “mining” is the recording of Bitcoin transactions. The discovery of coins therefore effectively pays for the time and trouble of participating in a public accounting experiment. Even should that stop, the act of using Bitcoin itself cannot be accomplished without turning on a node and adding lines to process the ledger. So we can reasonably expect that people will keep Bitcoin software “on” to help us all get Bitcoin work done. That’s why it’s a group project: public domain shareware.
What if they shut it down? What if it’s hacked? This leads to the next problem: resiliency. You have to go back a step and understand what Bitcoin is: a ledger. Anyone can store one, and in fact participants MUST store one. If Bitcoin were “shut off” as it were, it would be stored with each and every miner until they turned their computers back on. If it’s “off” there’s no problem, because no one transferred any Bitcoin. If it’s “on” then people somewhere are recording transactions. Think of it like a bowling group keeping a yearly prize of the ugliest shirt. Is there an actual shirt? No, the shirt is not the prize. Is there a gold trophy? No, “prize” is simply the knowledge of who won it. There is no “there”, no physical object at all. Strangely, that’s why it works.
 
This is important for the next problem: intervention. Many private monies have been attempted, notably e-gold within Bitcoin’s own origin. But the problem was, if there was anything real, like a gold bar, it could be encumbered, confiscated, and stolen. You’d have to trust the vault, the owner, the auditor and we’re back in the old system. At the same time, if Satoshi were keeping the Bitcoin record and had any human power over it at all, government could imprison him, pass a law, create a cease-and-desist, or demand he tamper with the record, which they did with e-gold. But Satoshi does not have that power, and no one else does either.
Why? Precisely because Bitcoin DOESN’T exist. It’s not a real thing. Or rather, the only “real” thing is the ledger itself which is already public to everyone everywhere. You can’t demand the secret keys to Bitcoin privacy because it’s already completely, entirely public. What would a government demand? Suppose they ordered a miner to alter the record: the other miners would instantly reject it and it would fail. Suppose they confiscated the ledger: they now own what everyone already has. Suppose they unplugged it: they would have to unplug the entire internet, and everything else on it, or every Bitcoin node, one-by-one, worldwide. If any nodes were ever turned on, all Bitcoin would exist again.
Can they track them down? Not really. In theory, Bitcoin can be written on paper without an Internet. In practice, any public or private keys certainly can be. So even chasing down the Internet it would be very difficult to stop it given sufficient motivation, like the Venezuelan hyperinflation where they are chasing down miners, wallets, and participants, and failing despite overwhelming force.
What about privacy? A completely public ledger recording every person and every transaction seems like a police state’s dream of enforcement and taxation. Is it private? Yes and no. The Bitcoin ledger is not written like “Senator Smith spent .0001 BTC on August 21st, 2015 to buy a sex toy from Guangzhou,” but Wallet  transferred .00017 BTC to wallet  at UTC 13:43:12 21:11:2017 – or not even that: it’s encrypted. Who is  You can go back, but it will only say  exists and was created on Time:Date. Who is  The ledger only says  was created a minute ago to receive the transaction. In fact,  may have been created solely to mask the coin transferred from  So is it anonymous? Not exactly. Given enough nodes, enough access to the world’s routers, enough encryption, you might see  was created in Pawtucket, and if  is not using active countermeasures, perhaps begin to bring a cloudy metadata of  possible transactions into focus, tying it to Amazon, then a home address, but the time and resources required to break through would be astronomical.
What about theft? Yes, like anything else it can be stolen. If you break into my house and tie me up, you can probably get the keys. This is also true online as you must log on, type a password that can be logged on a screen that can be logged over a network that can be logged, but think again about what you’re doing: does it make sense to break into every participant’s computer one by one? Most Bitcoin is held by a few early adopters, and probably those wallets were lost when their hard drives crashed, the users lost their passwords, or died before this computer experiment had any value. We know for a fact that all of Satoshi’s original coins, 2.2 million of them, have NEVER been spent, never moved on the ledger, suggesting either death or the austerity of a saint.
So even today hacking a wallet, is far more likely to net $1.00 than $1M. Take a page from Willie Sutton: when asked why he robbed banks, he said, “that’s where the money is.” So today. Where is the real money stolen, transferred? From the ’08 bailout, the kiting of fake bonds in the market, the MF Globals, the rigging of LIBOR or the fake purchase of EU bonds. You know, where the money is. At $160B market cap, Bitcoin is still one week’s purchase of central bank bond buying, i.e. a rounding error, no money at all. Hack a home wallet? I guess, but hacking Uber or Equifax once is a lot easier than hacking 100,000 wallets on 100,000 different computers. At least you know you’ll get something.
But MT Gox was hacked and 650,000 coins went missing. Surely Coinbase, Gemini, Poloniex are the same. Well…not exactly."
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:38:19
I actually wouldnt even call them an idiot. If I had my funds stolen I would feel bad but I would also think "I knew this could happen and I decided to take the risk anyway."
@_date: 2017-12-06 16:39:03
copied from article (part 2 of 3)
     The Score:
    1. Bitcoin is durable and anti-fragile. As long as there is an Internet – or even without one – it can continue to exist without decay, written on a clay tablet with a stylus.
    2. Bitcoin is more portable than anything on earth. A single number — which can be memorized – can transport $160B across a border with only your mind, or across the world on the Internet. Its portability is not subject to any inspection or confiscation, unlike silver, gold, or diamonds.
    3. Bitcoin is not infinitely divisible, but neither is gold or silver, which have a discrete number of atoms. At the moment the smallest Bitcoin denomination or “Satoshi” is 0.00000001 Bitcoin or about a millionth of a penny. That’s pretty small, but with a software change it can become smaller. In that way, Bitcoin, subject only to math is MORE divisible than silver or gold, and far easier. As numbers all Bitcoin are exactly the same.
    4. Bitcoin has intrinsic value. Actually, the problem is NOTHING has “intrinsic” value. Things have value only because they are useful to yourself personally or because someone else wants them. Water is valuable on a desert island and gold is worthless. In fact, gold has few uses and is fundamentally a rock we dig up from one hole to bury in another, yet we say it has “intrinsic” value – which is good as Number 4 said it had to be unrelated to any other object, i.e. useless. Bitcoin and Gold are certainly useless. Like gold, Bitcoin may not have “Intrinsic value” but it DOES have intrinsic cost, that is, the cost in time and energy it took to mine it. Like gold, Bitcoin has a cost to mine measurable in BTU’s. As nothing has value outside of human action, you can’t say the electric cost in dollars is a price-floor, but suggests a floor, and that would be equally true of gold, silver, copper, etc. In fact, Bitcoin is more rare than Rhodium: we mine rare metals at 2%/year while the number of Bitcoins stops at 22 Million. Strangely, due to math, computer digits are made harder to get and have than real things.
    5. Bitcoin is a unit of account. As a psychological effect, it’s difficult to quantify. Which comes first, the use of a thing, or its pricing? Neither, they grow together as one replaces another, side-by-side. This happened when gold replaced iron or salt or when bank notes replaced physical gold, or even when the U.S. moved from Pounds and Pence to Dollars and Cents. At first it was adopted by a few, but managed to get a critical mass, accepted, and eventually adopted by the population and entirely forgotten. At the moment Bitcoin enthusiasts do in fact mentally price things in Bitcoins, especially on exchanges where cross-crypto prices are marked vs BTC. Some never use their home currency at all, living entirely according to crypto-prices until home conversion at the moment of sale, or as hundreds or thousands of businesses are now accepting cryptocurrencies, even beyond. For them it is a unit of account the way Fahrenheit is a unit within the United States.
    6. Bitcoin has the network effect. That is, it is widely accepted and publicly considered money. It’s in the news, has a wide following worldwide, and exchanges are signing up 40,000 new users a month. It’s accepted by thousands of vendors and can be used for purchases at Microsoft, Tesla, PayPal, Overstock, or with some work, Amazon. It’s translatable through point-of-sale vendor Square, and from many debit card providers such as Shift. At this point it is already very close to being money, i.e. a commonly accepted good. Note that without special arrangements none of these vendors will accept silver coins, nor price products in them. I expect if Mark Dice offered a candy bar, a silver bar, or a Bitcoin barcode, more people would pick the Bitcoin. In that way Bitcoin is more money than gold and silver are. You could say the same thing about Canadian Dollars or Thai Bhat: they’re respected currencies, but not accepted by everyone, everywhere. For that matter, neither are U.S. dollars.
 
Note what is not on the list: money is not a unit created or regulated by a central authority, although governments would like us to think so. In fact, no central authority is necessary or even desirable. For centuries the lack of monetary authority was historic fact, back with medieval markets through to private banks, until 1913, 1933, 1971, and the modern evolution into today’s near-total digital fiat. Besides the technical challenge, eliminating their overhead, oversight, control and corruption is the point of Bitcoin. And right now the government’s response to Bitcoin is a strange mixture of antipathy, ignorance, oppression, and opportunity. At $160 Billion it hardly merits the interest of a nation with a $500 Billion trade deficit, and that’s spread worldwide.
This leads into one of the spurious claims on Bitcoin: that it’s a refuge for drug smugglers and illegal activities. I assure you mathematically, that is not true. According to the U.N. the world drug trade is $435B, 4 times the total, and strictly theoretical value of Bitcoin, coins locked, lost, and all. Besides if you owned $160B coins, who would you transfer them to? You’re the only user. $435B/year can only be trafficked by major banks like as HSBC, who have paid public fines because money flows that large can’t be hidden. This is so well-known the U.N. suggested the drug-money flows may be one reason global banks were solvent in ‘08. Even $160B misrepresents Bitcoin because it had a 10-fold increase this year alone. So imagine $16B total market cap. That’s half the size of the yearly budget of Los Angeles, one city. Even that overstates it, because through most of its life it’s been around $250, so imagine a $4B market cap, the budget of West Virginia.
So you’re a drug dealer in illicit trades and you sell to your customers because all your buyers have Bitcoin accounts? Your pushers have street terminals? This doesn’t make sense. And remember as much as the price of Bitcoin has risen 40-fold, the number of participants has too. Even now, even with Coinbase, even with Dell and Overstock, even with BTC $10,000 almost no one has Bitcoin, even in N.Y.C. or S.F.. So who are these supposed illegal people with illegal activities that couldn’t fit any significant value?
That’s not to say illegal activities don’t happen, but it’s the other half of the spurious argument to say people don’t do illegal acts using cash, personal influence, offshore havens, international banks like Wells Fargo, or lately, Amazon Gift Cards and Tide Detergent. As long as there is crime, mediums of value will be used to pay for it. But comparing Bitcoin with a $16B market cap to the existing banking system which the U.N. openly declares is being supported by the transfer of illicit drug funds is insanity.
Let’s look at it another way: would you rather: a) transfer drugs using cash or secret bank records that can be erased or altered later or b) an public worldwide record of every transaction, where if one DEA bust could get your codes, they could be tracked backwards some distance through the buy chain? I thought so. Bitcoin is the LEAST best choice for illegal activities, and at the personal level where we’re being accused, it’s even worse than cash.
We showed that Bitcoin can be money, but we already have a monetary and financial system. What you’re talking about is building another system next to the existing one, and doubling the costs and confusions. That’s great as a mental exercise but why would anyone do that?
In a word: 2008.
It’s probably not an accident Bitcoin arrived immediately after the Global Financial Crisis. The technology to make it possible existed even on IRC chat boards, but human attention wasn’t focused on solving a new problem using computer software until the GFC captured the public imagination, and hackers started to say, “This stinks. This system is garbage. How do we fix this?” And with no loyalty to the past, but strictly on a present basis, built the best mousetrap. How do we know it’s a better mousetrap? Easy. If it isn’t noticeably better than the existing system, no one will bother and it will remain an interesting novelty stored in some basements, like Confederate Dollars and Chuck-e-Cheez tokens. To have any chance of succeeding, it has to work better, good enough to overcome the last most critical aspect money has: Inertia.
So given that Bitcoin is unfamiliar, less accepted, harder to use, costs real money to keep online, why does it keep gaining traction, and rising in price with increasing speed? No one would build a Bitcoin. Ever. No one would ever use a Bitcoin. Ever. It’s too much work and too much nuisance. Like any product, they would only use Bitcoin because it solves expensive problems confronting us each day. The only chance Bitcoin would have is if our present system failed us, and fails more every day. They, our present system-keepers, are the ones who are giving Bitcoin exponentially more value. They are the ones who could stop Bitcoin and shut it down by fixing the present, easy, familiar system. But they won’t.
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:07:15


so would be creating new projects on top of existing blockchains!


I use steam all the time, Im bored, I want something new, like cryptokitties!


maybe I have a misunderstanding with this. I will refer to:
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:23:24
good job, boycotting coinbase- until you want to buy and then you will go back to them...
or are you getting verified on gemini? 
@_date: 2017-12-06 21:45:43
ugh, this may not be a fair analogy but:
if someone knowingly left the front door of their house wide open and their belongings were stolen, would you feel bad for them?
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:34:40
Yes and when any users of Nicehash found out about this requirement they would have made mental note that their funds are at risk until they reach their goal. "Opening their door," was *their* choice, to chase profit. They took the risk, they got burned. 
@_date: 2017-02-22 15:41:01
Make sure you have an encrypted deadman switch that your partner or family knows the password for. 
In case you have an accident and die or have amnesia! 
@_date: 2017-02-27 17:52:33
depends if you know how to properly secure it. 
And secure from who? 
I think Chase® Bank Cards may be *safer* than bitcoin when it comes to the IRS® and FBI®, etc. 
edit: grammar 
@_date: 2017-02-16 20:25:57
you're thinking logically instead of like an aristocrat. 
Cmon sir Zarutian, *think about all the control we'll have!*
@_date: 2017-02-15 17:45:07
This is probably not exactly what youre asking but I can tell you what I do and why. 
I have an old laptop with no harddrive. I run Tails off a cd drive. I use electrum wallet. The majority of the time the computer is turned off. When its on I have to input the router pass everytime if I want to access the internet. 
I write down the recovery seed and thats in a safe deposit box. I also keep a few usbs with the seed in a keepass database. 
@_date: 2017-02-16 15:00:23
If you can (from localbitcoin maybe) buy only a tiny amount first. Make a few wallets, one on computer, one on phone. Practice backing them up, transferring from one to another, etc. 
Then youll feel more comfortable holding the large amount. 
@_date: 2017-02-10 18:49:26
ty, read comments b4 article (dr).
But hey, if it goes to $25k.... (in 2017 dollars or.... [purchasing power]?)
You guys can all party on my yacht. Just bring yours and well barge-up somewhere pretty and warm. 
@_date: 2017-02-17 17:23:00
dont assume you know more about finance than me. 
I brought up derivatives because derivatives impact all the topics mentioned in the graphic- QE, inflation ~~and dollars in circulation~~. 
edit: maybe not dollars in circulation
If you dont agree then you are the one with little finance knowledge. 
@_date: 2017-02-16 20:38:49
I like localbitcoins, as others have mentioned. 
@_date: 2017-02-16 20:24:51
yep. One of the main reasons I like bitcoin. As well as hard assets, like whiskey!
@_date: 2017-02-04 20:02:41
I have both coinbase and mycelium on my phone. I like CB for quick transactions and the price widget is nice. 
I prefer electrum for keeping most my btc though. Running off a cd, I only need to remember my seed phrase
@_date: 2017-02-16 20:37:09
Ugh sorry to hear about your problem. Please dont take this in a condescending way but more for other people-
Dont use coinbase to hold large amounts. Use a hardware wallet or paper wallet. 
So what were you doing Mr shady man? Funding some terrorism or something?
Also you write "you will need to withdraw your funds to an external wallet"
Have you tried that step yet? Sorry if I misunderstand. 
@_date: 2017-02-15 19:28:26
yes but the setup I mentioned above is for storing. 
I keep small amounts on mycelium app on mobile. 
@_date: 2017-02-28 17:21:19
@_date: 2017-02-17 18:24:23
 I think derivatives, originally, were zero-sum instruments by their nature. Nowadays Im not sure we can call it zero-sum. Because of what you say, counterparty risk. Especially when leveraged. 
@_date: 2017-02-16 20:41:59
And thats the threat. You're talking about alot of leeches losing their host. 
"In the '60s, when finance was less than 5 percent of the economy, it made 10 percent to 15 percent of the profits"
@_date: 2017-02-17 14:42:24
the scary thing is that its actually not even fiat anymore. Look at derivatives. 
"Along with credit default swaps and other exotic instruments, the total notional derivatives value is about $1.5 quadrillion"
This was in 2015...
Also, I like this graphic, a nice addition would be something about the central banks. "run by non-elected officials." Some that have never "worked" a day in their life. 
@_date: 2017-02-17 17:40:46
floating interest rate swaps and inflation swaps have nothing to do with inflation?
And backed by real assets, yes in theory. In reality? Absolutely not. There are not enough assets on earth to back the derivatives in play today. 
Yes youre right, doesnt affect dollars in circulation. QE I guess is more indirectly. Id argue the central banks study the derivatives market and that influences their decisions on QE. 
@_date: 2017-02-16 17:54:57
Yea alot of normal citizens and small business were hurt during this process. 
I myself am mostly opposed to the concept of cashless society. But I thought the article was interesting in terms of technology and sociology. I never knew about the fingerprinting and iris scanning in place of IDs. 
@_date: 2017-02-13 20:50:24
I always have that thought when I watch border wars or crime inc or shows like that. 
People coming up with the most creative ways to put hide paper money in vehicles for crossing the border. 
Its like.... guys.... what r u doing?
@_date: 2017-02-15 17:40:16
nevermind the entrapment part. 
Do you believe its a good policing strategy to host child porn?
@_date: 2017-02-16 20:44:31
I actually just tell people
"hey you dont need a *whole bitcoin*. Just buy $20 worth and see how it works"
@_date: 2017-03-08 18:51:48
I get that the subject matter is positive.
But this is not a good thing
If this is happening to you and you dont know how to stop it, Please view:
sorry to be the "safety first" guy. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 18:00:42
I cant wait to be paid in btc.... 
I also would like to work for "bounties" instead of for an employer
I want to browse bounties that fit my skill set- "do this thing for X mbtc"
When I complete the bounty the contract is automatically executed and I receive my mbtc for work done without having to rely on a paper contract and having to use courts if its not respected. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:32:33
i dont really understand all the forks of this shitcoin? There used to be united states notes, silver certificates, still legal tender, then there are federal reserve notes. What about the coinage, are they federal reserve coins? And what portion is digital vs physical? Is the digital version protected cryptographically, separately by each bank? Is there a central ledger, who all has access to it? This shit coin is too complicated for me, Ill stick with the simplicity of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:51:48
Full article text below:
Fedwire: The US Dollar in International Payments
By Frances Coppola
The US dollar is the world’s premier reserve currency. It is used as a settlement currency for transactions worldwide, and commodities traded on world markets are priced in dollars. Many countries outside the US either use it as their own currency (Ecuador, Panama) or peg their currency to it in some way (China). International payments denominated in US dollars are made all over the world, all the time.
But ultimately, all international payments in US dollars have to be settled through the US, as the issuer of the currency. Specifically, international wire transfers are processed via the Federal Reserve’s Real Time Gross Settlement System (RTGS), known as the “Fedwire Funds Service” or just “Fedwire.”
How does Fedwire work for international payments?
Fedwire is one of a family of central bank RTGS systems that together form what we might call the “hubs” of the international payments network. Broadly speaking, each currency issuer has its own central bank RTGS system. So, for example, the European Central Bank’s (ECB) TARGET2 system is the RTGS for the Euro, and the Bank of England’s CHAPS is the RTGS for sterling. Fedwire, like other RTGS systems, handles international payments instantly (“real time”) and without netting (“gross”). Once the accounting entries are made, they are irreversible (“settled”).1
Central banks operate RTGS systems because, as currency issuers, they can provide unlimited liquidity to the international payments network, eliminating the risk of wire transfer failures due to lack of currency reserves at intermediaries.
In the fall of 2007, international payments systems became stressed due to shortages of certain currencies, including the US dollar. The Fed provided US dollar liquidity to support international payments via temporary swap lines with a number of other central banks. The temporary swap lines ended in 2010, but permanent swap lines have now been established with five major central banks including the ECB and the Bank of Japan, reinforcing the US dollar’s position as the international settlement currency.2
Both US and foreign banks can send and receive payments via Fedwire. If foreign banks are Fedwire participants, they can send and receive payments directly via Fedwire using the SWIFT international messaging service. If they are not, then they can send payments via a US bank or another foreign bank that is a Fedwire participant – this is a form of “correspondent banking.”3
Another route for international payments is the bank-owned, privately operated Clearing House International Payments System (CHIPS). Participants include US banks and US branches of foreign banks. CHIPS is not a RTGS: dollar payments sent via CHIPS are batched and netted before processing. The net transactions are then settled via Fedwire. As the Federal Reserve Bank of New York says, “CHIPS is both a customer and a competitor of the Federal Reserve’s Fedwire service”, since CHIPS relies on Fedwire for settlement but accepts large value payments that could be sent directly via Fedwire.4
An uncertain future for international US dollar payments
Use of the Euro for international payments is growing, and admission of the Chinese Renminbi to the IMF’s SDR basket starting in October 2016 raises the possibility that it could become an important international settlement currency in the future.5 Nonetheless, as yet the dominance of the US dollar in international payments is not seriously challenged. But the way in which international dollar payments may be processed in future could be affected by other factors.
In 2014, the French bank BNP Paribas was fined nearly $9 billion for systematic violation of US sanctions against various countries. Additionally, its access to dollar clearing via CHIPS and Fedwire for certain types of transaction was suspended for a year.6 This is the most severe penalty imposed on a foreign bank for breaking US laws, but it is by no means the only one. Other foreign banks which have suffered penalties for sanctions-breaking and money laundering include HSBC, Barclays, Standard Chartered, ING and Credit Suisse.7
The long line of regulatory and legal enforcement actions against foreign banks trading in US dollars has raised questions about the future of international dollar clearing through the US. Writing in September 2014, Ernest L. Patrikis, a partner at a leading international law firm, warned that excessively heavy penalties could drive foreign banks to exit from dollar clearing altogether, or to set up their own offshore facilities.8 But an unnamed senior banking executive quoted in Euromoney in January poured cold water on the idea that European banks would set up their own US dollar clearing facility, noting that underlying transactions would still need to be settled in New York.9
The Takeaway
International payments denominated in dollars are quickly and efficiently processed through the Federal Reserve’s Fedwire system, which can be accessed by financial institutions worldwide either directly or via the US’s extensive network of correspondent banks. Until other currencies can offer similar efficiency of processing and widespread acceptance, US dollar clearing via Fedwire seems likely to remain the world’s premier international payments process.
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:05:54
wow somehow I had no idea Aaron Swartz had a blog...
Down the rabbit hole. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:10:23
how about solar/wind power?
@_date: 2017-09-22 18:22:01
gold and silver havent been increasing in value against the dollar even though the dollar is dropping in purchasing power- so I can see why you say its not a bubble. 
But just curious on how you compare btc to gold? 
Let me try to do some bad maths. 
Feel free to sub in your own numbers if you feel mine are inaccurate. Just did some quick duckduckgoing to get them. 
Lets say, in all of human history, there has been 165,000 tons of gold mined so far.
Lets say there are 52,000 tons left unmined on earth. 
thats 217,000 tons
6,944,000,000 oz @ $1,400 =
21,000,000 btc @ $4,000=
Im personally not trying to draw a conclusion. I agree that asset prices are inflated but I have a hard time understanding what I believe is fair value for BTC. Comparing to gold is interesting for sure.
Comparing gold and btc vs what they can purchase in terms of hard assets would be interesting. But the hard assets are priced differently depending on where in the world they are. They are also bid up by unsound money. 
@_date: 2017-09-25 15:39:46
i tried some napkin math that I posted on a different thread the other day. Very rough and gold numbers are from only one source. 
Lets say, in all of human history, there has been 165,000 tons of gold mined so far.
Lets say there are 52,000 tons left unmined on earth.
thats 217,000 tons or 6,944,000,000 oz @ $1,400 = $9,721,600,000,000
21,000,000 btc @ $4,000= $84,000,000,000
so to me, it looks like the world values btc orders of magnitude less than gold. I would like to assume this gap closes at least a bit in the future as more people learn about btc. 
@_date: 2017-09-26 20:11:01
Well if an asteroid hits and wipes out all humankind, the gold will still be there. An alien race may even be interested in taking the gold so it will have value then. If they find a surviving device with the blockchain on it they may be interested in forking aliencoin!
Id like to think that a large part of this community actually does not expect the rest of humanity to accept or embrace this technology, and even if they did, certainly not quickly. Many in the community acknowledge that the infrastructure cannot handle mass adoption at this time anyway. Although not to fret, there are many great projects in progress to address these concerns - lightning, wimble, atomic swaps, plenty of stuff Im not that knowledgeable of. 
And some, including myself, actually want to price to go down, gasp! I want people to get burned and hate btc and the community to shrink muhaha. That way I can get cheap coins- all joking aside, I actually want time for more development, and I dont want the attention of regulators, banks and governments. I dont want people with large fiat wealth to try to take it over either. 
Some think that btc can replace fiat, replace gold, one true currency to rule them all, sure. But I think many just see it as a great new alternative. Not everyone needs to cut up their credit cards and cash out their stocks to see the benefit of a little crypto in their portfolio. 
@_date: 2017-10-23 20:48:46
^ This.
Trust has been abused. Now its broken. We need systems to be able to function without trust. Then we can work on rebuilding that trust voluntarily. 
Like holding a butterfly. Not too tight. 
@_date: 2017-10-23 20:57:37
something along the lines of-
a decentralized, censorship-resistant, peer to peer, electronic, cryptographic, distributed ledger. 
I dont always remember all the points and in different order. It sounds like a bunch of buzzwords but I like to explain each one and why they are important to me. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 20:47:28


I thought you were going to say-
"Today they are used by corporations for purely economic incentive"
is IRC to facebook a positive thing? 
@_date: 2017-09-21 20:42:38
Agree with your comment, well said


Im sad that the war over the internet seems to be slipping back towards centralization and censorship. Im reminded of this when I view anything p2p in all its uncensored craziness (and multiple languages). You talk about 20 years ago but I feel like people that use the internet today are just the new version of aol users, now with google holding their hand. 
@_date: 2017-10-05 14:42:52
in terms of fork uncertainty, Ive been asking for others opinions...
Assuming the segwit2x fork stays on schedule-
1) will you buy pre-fork or wait?
2) if price goes down pre-fork, will you buy?
3) if price goes up pre-fork, will you buy?
the pro to buying pre-fork is that you get airdrop coins, the con is the uncertainty that youlll be priced into.
@_date: 2017-10-04 20:21:40
try doing some searching like "how do I sell my bitcoin cash" "how do I split bitcoin cash." 
You'll be able to learn about how the previous fork went. 
however, so far, there is no replay protection planned for the upcoming segwit2x fork. Thats what the second paragraph from u/sebastiaan240 is all about. 
First of all, dont worry, you have your private keys thats really the only step that is important from a timing perspective. Second you may just need to be patient, as we get closer to November you'll see alot more people asking and answering these questions (just like the previous fork). The hard fork may not even happen, either way we dont know everything about what wallets will support which chains. This is why I advised to read about the bitcoin cash fork because the same thing (with regards to wallet confusion) happen then. It may help you prepare for whats coming next, in reality no one really knows!
I hope that helps!
@_date: 2017-10-31 19:05:38
yes for sure. But if you are buying with coinbase you are buying through your bank. Which means you have to trust and rely on them. Which isnt quite as nice as putting in cash and getting btc. For some I think its worth the extra price. 
Im looking forward to bisq taking off more. It could be the best of all worlds. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 13:59:48
This is one of the things that makes me grateful about USD. I feel like I cant buy much BTC but when I look at other countries Im reminded to keep perspective. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 13:43:09
from cia.gov
"Venezuela was one of three countries that emerged from the collapse of Gran Colombia in 1830 (the others being Ecuador and New Granada, which became Colombia). For most of the first half of the 20th century, Venezuela was ruled by generally benevolent military strongmen who promoted the oil industry and allowed for some social reforms. Democratically elected governments have held sway since 1959. Under Hugo CHAVEZ, president from 1999 to 2013, and his hand-picked successor, President Nicolas MADURO, the executive branch has exercised increasingly authoritarian control over other branches of government. At the same time, democratic institutions have deteriorated, freedoms of expression and the press have been curtailed, and political polarization has grown. The ruling party's economic policies have expanded the state's role in the economy through expropriations of major enterprises, strict currency exchange and price controls that discourage private sector investment and production, and overdependence on the petroleum industry for revenues, among others. Current concerns include: human rights abuses, rampant violent crime, high inflation, and widespread shortages of basic consumer goods, medicine, and medical supplies."
this does not match the description of communism. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 13:55:58
careful only evaluating the price of the goods. Consumer product makers are very good at hiking prices without the consumer noticing. 
"More than 2,500 products sold in Britain have shrunk in size -- but not price -- since January 2012, according to the Office for National Statistics. "
And sometimes the weight of the product (food) remains the same but the ingredients are substituted with more filler. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 18:35:02
you mean less. If there really is alot of counterfeit gold floating around and it were to be cleared out of the market, then gold would presumably be worth more per ounce. 
@_date: 2017-10-19 21:21:00
youre not slightly annoyed that after all of your early research and the risk you took, that in a few years some fiat-rich idiot will tell their broker they want some of those "bit-things" and they will instantly have more btc then you? 
@_date: 2017-10-31 18:06:38
if there are bitcoin atms near, they're convenient (cash, no accounts, no banks). But the rate is pretty bad, sometimes 10% above market. 
Localbitcoins is good if one has experience and is comfortable with unmitigated transactions à la craigslist. 
@_date: 2017-10-05 18:19:31
If one is really paranoid, not only about malicious actors but just their own, plain, user-error. I think keeping ones btc hoard split among many wallets is also not a terrible idea. Dont ever access them all on the same machine, dont access them at the same time, dont put the backups in the same place. Keeping them all organized may be the drawback. 
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:02:32
Ive read some comments that say middle of November. But I dont have any supporting links/info for that. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 20:29:02
1) if you have your private key (address) it means that you "control" your bitcoin. That means that as long as you have your private key written down on a piece of paper, you dont necessarily need your bitcoin on a specific wallet. You could import (using your private key) your bitcoin into the wallet of your choice, at any time. In fact, many people like to keep bitcoin out of software wallets installed on a computer because it is a risk if your computer or wallet is hacked. To learn more about this stuff look up terms "hot wallet" and/or "cold storage"
2) hopefully the above covers this. 
3) we have to wait and see. Any action for separating forked (or "airdropped") coins will be taken after the fork. And it would be best to just wait patiently until the community settles on a preferred, safe and confirmed way to separate the coins. 
@_date: 2017-10-05 13:27:19
yea when the fork happens you automatically get both coins. The reason you need your private key is because if you have your coins with a online wallet or an exchange they may not give you your alt coins. I personally dont know much about exodus. I think its good practice to be familiar with a few different wallets/exchanges. Things are always changing. Good to not be reliant on one company or group of developers. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 19:02:00
if we want decentralized bitcoin, we should want decentralized internet as well!
Personally I like the idea of meshnets. See more here:
