@_author: savagebeefsteak
@_date: 2016-03-01 14:52:03
Hey there,  Thanks for replying!


That's totally fair, and I guess I should have thought more on how my post would be perceived.  Totally my bad, and I do apologize.  It's just my usual MO when I don't know about something is to ask someone who does, but unfortunately, I don't know anyone who knows bitcoin.  Thanks for letting me crib from your knowledge:)


I guess this is a common misconception, as I think a lot of non-tech savvy people view BC as some sort of untracable cybercurrency which confers total anonymity to transactions, which is evidently not the case.  


I read about this! So, he was caught getting payments from the silk road, because they were able to trace transactions going to his address and found the blockchain signature for the transactions on his computer?  Do I have that right? I really think this is interesting.


This is super interesting, and I remember hearing about this.  I'll look these up for sure.  Didn't hackers do something like this, but they hacked peoples phones through a fake porn app, took photos of them in *ahem* compromised positions, and then threatened to send the photos far and wide unless they paid?
I really appreciate your help man!  Sorry again if I broke any subreddit rules. :)
@_date: 2016-03-01 14:54:25
Oh crazy!  That's an awesome hook for the article!  Thanks so much!  I really appreciate your help!  
Quick follow up: Would it be safe to say that the majority of BC transactions are legitimate?  I just don't want to play too much into the narrative that cryptocurrencies are solely the purview of bandits and hackers (unless that's the truth)
Edit: read through those articles. The plot really thickens doesn't it?  Corrupt FBI agents, contract murderers, millions of dollars in cryptocurrency stolen.  
@_date: 2016-03-01 15:26:51
That's really interesting. It is very much the common misconception that bitcoins are a bit "magically untraceable," so to speak. It's really not that they're untraceable per SE, bit more that the lack of a central authority collection personal information make it challenging to tie what you have traced to a real world ID. Is that right?