@_author: savedbybuttcoin
@_date: 2014-11-02 03:06:29
I feel as though the momentum you are describing is essentially driven by buzz around Bitcoin, and as such may be mercurial. Would there be anything to stop me from taking Bitcoin code line for line and adopting it as a large institution with an interest in developing a means of online transaction? It seems to me that an entity able to generate sufficient buzz could easily side step the entire market in this way and render other cryptocurrencies obsolete (other than as a means of online black or grey market purchasing).
@_date: 2014-11-02 21:31:45
I won't have to do anything, I think everyone but the bagholders can see the end coming, and your comments indicate that you are a bagholder. I am sincerely sorry for your loss (I hope it was small) and wish you the best of luck moving forward, the first investment lesson is always the hardest.
@_date: 2014-11-02 02:28:17
The beauty of something with no intrinsic value is that it is not tied to anything rational and can inflate or deflate violently with no upper or lower bound. If people somehow manage to generate enough buzz I am sure the price will see yet another boom and crash, although the last one was I think largely due to an influx of Chinese fiat. If the buzz dies off completely bitcoin will as well, although its likely it or another crypto like it will continue at a low level as a vehicle for exchange on the online black market.
@_date: 2014-11-02 03:16:43
I guess I will address each of your points separately:
Name recognition can be good or bad, if bitcoin keeps going the way it is I suspect bad.
The user base will jump ship when they see all hope is lost, or another cryotocurrency eclipses this one (possibly one backed by a large institution). All that will be left are bagholders who have been duped.
I am always reading how easy it is for merchants to adopt bitcoin, I imagine this ease could be transferred and possibly enhanced in an almost duplicate crypto.
The developer population will go where the money goes.
VC money is irrelevant when considered in relation to the mass of the market, and will go where it goes.
Documentation for an identical currency would be identical, pretty quick to copy paste.
Existing companies are plagued by poor reputation and lack of trust, something of a burden I think.
Liquidity exists because buzz exists, when it dies so will bitcoin.
Hashing power goes where the money goes, if its not profitable why not mine another crypto.
Historical anti fragility is not unique to bitcoin.
Distribution into the strong hands of the few is not an asset and will lead to more market manipulation and bubble cycles
Reddit... I wont bother to touch that but I doubt the Chinese money that drove the large bubble was generated thanks to reddit.
Basically my point is all Bitcoin has is momentum based on buzz, bad buzz, bad for bitcoin. Plenty of bad buzz going around.
@_date: 2014-11-02 21:20:15
This cryptocurrency is propped up entirely by extrinsic qualities, they all are. That is my point, its like the dutch tulips, which had extrinsic value only.
@_date: 2014-11-05 05:37:42
I feel like I am taking crazy pills, how is bitcoins utility as a currency in any way unique? What your saying is that its intrinsic value is that it is seen to have value, this could be said of anything that is accepted for exchange in any market and does not degrade over time. This same argument could be made for any cryptocurrency or electronic medium of exchange. 
@_date: 2014-11-02 02:17:19
This economic advantage is in no way unique to Bitcoin specifically and could easily be adopted by another cryptocurrency of a different name that operated in a similar fashion.