@_author: savnago
@_date: 2017-03-12 00:25:28
Simply put, Google Trends is a great way to track the growth of active bitcoin users.
The search 'BTC USD' serves as a proxy for the engagement of active bitcoin users as they check the daily price. In the chart above, the baseline denotes the exponential growth of active users, while the height above the line illustrates their engagement levels.
When engagement levels run high, bitcoin users are in party mode, checking the price daily of their precious coin. If engagement levels are too high, that's when we are in a price bubble, and it's a good time to sell.
@_date: 2017-03-12 00:23:14
When i sell over 10 btc (for gbp) i use the [Bitcoin A-Trade]( platform. 
The trades are instant and there is no verification required. 
@_date: 2017-03-12 00:40:50
I know BIP62 was withdrawn. As I (a decidedly much less technical person that the devs posting rt now) read it, however, part of BIP146 would have prevented the attack performed here.
(And yes, I'll continue to call it an attack. If I mail a registered letter, and the post office opens and discards my envelope, and repackages the letter in a new envelope with the same addresses to and from, but with a new registered mail tracking number (so that I can no longer track the letter using the number I obtained when I first mailed the letter) that is still an attack even if the letter gets where its going.
For some reason, I thought that the stuff in 146 was all going to be rolled into SegWit, but googling around suggests that not all of it was. Still not clear to me whether seg wit would have prevented the miner from doing this or not.
@_date: 2017-03-12 00:38:03
This is a point that should be repeated over and over again. Bitcoin is securing $20B. It is the biggest and most mature cryptocurrency by a large factor. Anything other than conservative and tested-to-the-point-of-insanity changes should be reserved for altcoins or sidechains.
The other subreddit is spinning the recent malleated txs as a failure of segwit. Aside from the total lack of logical reasoning, let me point out their solution: Flexible Transactions, another hard fork, which wouldn't even totally fix malleability anyway because to do that, you have to completely ban old transactions. 
Putting "changed" transaction into a block doesn't matter.
Segwit doesn't prevent changes, it makes them irrelevant. Change all you want and the user doesn't care! This is the strongest form of protection possible and would prevent all disruption from things like the incident discussed here.
Many users don't care if their TXID's are changed, which is precisely what some people have exploited to claim that malleability is a total non-issue. Many others do care, all those that care would use segwit or would change to using segwit once they had issues.
Bitcoin isn't your nanny. Bitcoin's job isn't to force you to do the right thing for your needs, its job is to give you the option to do the right thing for your need.
@_date: 2017-03-12 05:33:00
They deliver the payments through third party (The Virtual World Exchange/Virtual World Services GmbH, which makes it safer for the clients and for them too.
For the clients that means - no chargebacks are possible on the skrill/paypal trades..
@_date: 2017-01-05 03:37:51
That is kinda expensive. You couldn't find a better deal?
@_date: 2016-12-29 07:41:51
Who drew this projection?