@_author: saysnicewords2u
@_date: 2019-10-25 00:19:33
The number of investors, and the amount of investment, in gold is greater than bitcoin by orders of magnitude. This is a fact unperturbed by your own anecdotal example. 
The reason a professional investor might choose to hold bitcoin is that it is uncorrellated to other asset classes (smooths risk in a portfolio) and has asymmetric upside (can only go down 1x but the bullish thesis supports upside of many x). 
I sense you are thinking of “investors” as small traders while I am thinking of funds, pensions, endowments, family offices, and even central banks. These folks will not be “rekt” by volatile fluctuations in price within a sub-20k range. Even among small dollar individuals, you have try pretty hard (trade pretty actively) to be down on BTC overall. Even if you first bought at the $20k high, dollar cost averaging since then has outperformed essentially everything else. 
To be clear, I’m not bullish on BTC’s price today vs BTC’s price in a month or a year. I’m extremely bullish on BTC on a longer time horizon. I’m not a trader.
@_date: 2019-10-24 12:38:54
I’m bullish because: 
1) Bitcoin works and I think it will continue to work. The worlds wants and needs sound, uncensorable digital money. No other coin can replicate bitcoin’s immaculate conception and network effect. 
2) The vast majority of investors worldwide still hold zero bitcoin. 
I think bitcoin’s potential upside may be limited if one or two smart contract platforms succeed. But even if bitcoin is forever “just” digital gold, its value would be much higher than today’s prices reflect. 
So I’m bullish overall and I expect the price to be volatile, trending up, for the next several years at least.
@_date: 2019-12-04 06:05:51
I think so. I think most of us vastly overestimate the extent to which the world at large “gets it” yet. Virtually all investors are still sitting at 0% bitcoin. Once the world realizes what bitcoin is, it really doesn’t take much inflow to push the price to 100k.