@_author: saysyoudontknowshit
@_date: 2016-08-04 22:45:53
I actually did have a look at something similar. But the target audience doesn't really need micro payments and it seemed like to much work that would not go in the direction we needed. So we tabled it until and if there was ever a demand for it.
@_date: 2016-08-04 17:35:42
@_date: 2018-05-20 03:31:16
I habe been working in the processing industry for a very long time. And I have seen many processing companies collect end user data and documentation to help them in the event of a chargeback. But I have never seen or heard of a bank actually request these documents from a merchant. My concern is not with a bank collecting this information. But with unlicensed companies collecting them. 
The whole premise of bitcoin is privacy, yet we seem to be selling it out, myself included, for the sake of using it.
Still, Regardless of how we handle it individually, I just feel it is a little over the top. I know this all started with the clsing of btc-e. And what I think is that people are over reacting and collecting more than what is legally required.
@_date: 2018-05-21 11:12:35
This makes a lot of sense to me. I was asked for a selfie with my card when using a new card. That is fine becajse it prevents chargebacks. I'm more worried about the passport.
@_date: 2018-05-19 15:19:05
Not that I know of
@_date: 2018-05-20 03:34:36
I doubt they let you get past 10k in any period since in Europe, several small transactions over a short period count as exceeding the 10k limitations.
@_date: 2018-05-20 03:41:58
The only issue with this is that a registered company registers with the local authorities precisely to get a clean bill of health for their activity. 
Registration is assumed to include the identification of all controlling parties. Plus it would be dangerous to just hand out owner information to every Tom, Dick and Harry requesting it. But then again, the same applies to people who have large amounts of bitcoins and have to risk having their personal information revealed to the public if one of these data servers gets hacked. 
I'm just thinking there might be a way, I don't know, for an entity to hold this information and provide an identifying code that can be used in place of documents? Similar to providing a public key. Not really versed on this. But maybe a blockchain driven, trustless system this data can be stored in?
Edit: Formatting &amp; spelling
@_date: 2016-07-10 18:40:04
Thanks man, I will definitely look into the BIP32 wallets. I had begun to look into them, but the wallets that the system generates are only used for about 5 minutes. I'm wondering how worth it is to strengthen them further?




I don't/ will not provide addresses for the merchants. This is something I want them to be responsible for. I am providing them with the address generator from bitaddress.org and also with instructions to use them on their own machine after having disconnected the machine form the net. But this is a tough to pull off, people don't like going through so much trouble.


Basically the same answer. I am leaving that to the merchants. I am suggesting cold storage for them, but not sure they are going to be following my advice.


I believe that bitaddress.org can generate those addresses as well. Again, I am offering advice to the merchants but do not want to be to active on that end because I do not want to be responsible for the safety of the bitcoins once they have reached the merchant wallets.
You have made me think that I have to include tons of disclaiming about the safety of wallets generated by clients using any system. And that I will not be responsible for the security of the wallets they generate because I have no way of knowing if they following suggested security protocols. Maybe also disclaim that the advice I offer is advice that is freely available on the internet and research should be done before taking any security decisions. How's that?
@_date: 2016-07-10 07:57:39
Thanks man, really. Do you have any opinions, comments, suggestions? Would love some feedback about the main points I listed. Anything that can be done to make it safer, better? Anything I may be overlooking?
@_date: 2016-07-10 07:47:28
And just how do you arrive at that conclusion? So if I said I'm here to promote the site, would you believe the opposite? Did you find the site name anywhere? 
* I don't need to promote it, 
* and you stopped reading. 
Thank you though for your observation...
Editing to add this: I already have a couple clients for the site. I am not convinced this would make a good public site, rather it will work for specific people. I am not looking to be the next bitcoin site, just want to solve a problem for a few merchants and make some money while doing it.  Again, I have several clients and don't really need more. There is a small market for this, and I have already tapped into it. Thanks all for reading.
@_date: 2016-07-10 10:41:41
Thanks man, I was really nervous about this because I am so worried about what can go wrong with this thing. And I really did not want anyone to get the idea I was trying to promote the site.
Thanks alot!
@_date: 2016-07-11 13:31:11
Hi gabridome, 
The transaction fees are certainly a consideration, seeing that if the payment is about 1 dollar, the fees then are ridiculous. Paying up to 6 cents for a one dollar transaction. So the purchases that average above 25 dollars are less of a problem and can be bulked out every five minutes.
I am considering allowing the merchants to choose how often they want to have the payments made but am weary of doing that because five minutes, according to the math we've done is about the highest exposure I'm comfortable with.
So I may not allow for longer times if I am to sleep at nights hoping the server doesn't get broken into and the bitcoins stolen while i sleep. It just feels safer to control exposure and if someone does get into the server, I would want to only get residuals and not be able to get a lot of bitcoins. So the plan is to keep the wallets as empty as possible all the time.
Payments go out to everyone, including any agents every five minutes, even profits get sent to a cold storage wallet that has been setup for the very same purpose.
I'm hoping this will get the business off the ground safely, and then we can monitor and make changes which will continue to increase security.
@_date: 2016-07-10 09:04:48
Hi, thanks for your comments.


I am suggesting to the few merchants waiting on this to generate a transaction in their system and send the trans_id as well as their user_id number to my system via the iframe so they can easily find the transaction in my database through the merchant admin section.
So the answer is yes. 
Another good practice is to always change the amount of the transaction so that it becomes another point of reference for the merchant. But usually, with the price fluctuations of bitcoins, it is difficult to find two transactions with the same amount. Though trusting that is never a good idea.
Third, when my cashier form opens up, the system generates a private id number, a transaction is stored as pending, and sits there until the confirmations begin to come in or the client abandons the form. In which event the transaction is later marked as failed. This was done so two people cannot send to the same address twice. Since while there is a pending transaction, the system will generate a new receiving address. Once the transaction is marked as failed, the system then is free to reuse that address in order to prevent large numbers of unused addresses within bitcoind server.
@_date: 2016-07-10 07:56:20
Hi and thanks for your interest. I am going to be launching it very soon. There really isn't much to see right now because most of the work has gone into the merchant and admin sections. Another issue is that the main gist of this post was NOT to advertise the site, I really wanted to have a conversation about it.
Having said all that, if you confirm to me that you would like to see it later when it is live, I will provide you a link via PM. Thank you so much for your interest man, I really appreciate it.
@_date: 2016-07-10 08:10:38
Thank you sir. I really don't yet know if this is a good thing or if this will kill me one day, but I built it not because I thought it was a good idea, but because that friend of mine is a processing agent. He offers processing services to websites, Visa, Mastercard. And he asked me for the software, so I am delivering. 
It should make money. So yeah, I'm worried about a lot of things with it.
@_date: 2016-07-10 12:22:02
I'm not sure why you would want to use it, but if a merchant wants to handle bitcoin payments, and doesn't mind using one single address for all his payments, then there is no use for this. Merchants that want this are higher volumes, want the anonymity they can get by having one address per transaction, which by the way is safer as well.
I can see a merchant wanting this if they don't want to use some service that is aiming to exchange the bitcoins for them. Or holds on to the bitcoins, or makes you open a wallet on their site.
These merchants have their own way to exchange their bitcoins and don't want to trust anyone with them. They love the 5 minute turn around. And feel comfortable risking the 5 mins if they don't have to trust some other outfit or put together their own bitcoind server. They'll pay a small percentage to eliminate risk and costs of labor.
At least this is what they have told me. 