@_author: sayvandalay
@_date: 2017-12-23 01:55:20
No worries. I reported you for using a derogatory term and attacking other users. Enjoy.
@_date: 2017-12-22 10:21:43
Don't keep much on exchanges. Store currency in wallets off site. 
See history: Mt. Gox, BTC-E, and even Black Friday in online poker. 
Not sure what country of citizenship has to do with it. If they go insolvent your money is likely gone with only a slight chance of a government recouping it.
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:38:48
Not sure if trolling or serious?
But I'll assume you're serious and disagree on all your points:
1.) Bankruptcy doesn't wipe out student loans which is now one of the largest sources of crippling debt. Many early adopters in bitcoin might be folks who were in college when bitcoin was created and/or over the past years before this explosive year. It would reckless to not pay off the student loans if they can from some of their bitcoin.
2.) I assume "old man" advice is pointing out the obvious here: buying a home sets you up for life in terms of two things: a.) it means you're pretty much covered shelter wise. So many people live within a few paychecks of losing their home or lease it's crazy. Peace of mind of not ever being homeless would be HUGE and b.) so what if it depreciates? It generally doesn't but even so, who cares? It's still piece of mind AND can be if needed a source of money if you find yourself really needing it. 
3.) Banks offer FDIC insured interest bearing accounts. I'd trust them more than an offshore fly by might "exchange" site and how much do you trust your hard wallets or software wallets? If they fail, you're shit out of luck. 
4.) Tell that to thousands who sold years ago, that might be "real" regret but even then maybe not. No one, including "old man" advice is saying sell "all" your coin now. It's suggesting that say, if a portion of your current coin supply is life changing money then sell some of it. I mean 100 bitcoin right now is around $1.9 million USD. I'm pretty sure even 10% of that is life changing money for quite a few people. and what if you have 1000 bitcoin or 19 million USD. Sell 2 million of it, buy a house, a car, put away a couple hundred thousand, invest some, travel a bit....set for life, you'd rather keep it all in BTC and then risk knowing you lost 19 million dollars? That's just reckless. Take out 10% and even if you lose the rest...you're still set for life. 
As for suicide due to bad investments or bad investment timing, know that there's always hope and help: 
And please if you have life changing bitcoin (or any altcoin money) cash some of it out and follow "old man" advice...leave some in there to hopefully watch it grow, but def don't keep it all in crypto because you will get burned. There's risky investing and then there's completely reckless investing. Take some out if it can change your life. You'll have zero regrets. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:48:04
The crash is going to be swift and hard I imagine. And I think probably for those of us with not many bitcoin and/or who sold when it was like $300 a coin a few years ago it's going to be great to pick up a couple hundred coins at like $10 again. 
If I owned a bunch of bitcoin right now I'd absolutely sell some before the inevitable crash and keep some just in case said crash never occurs. 
EDIT: Just noticed it is down to $12,700. The swings are wild. This isn't good for a long term currency replacement, is it?
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:01:20
LTC, VTC, FTC, DOGE. 
Not saying BTC is better or worse but looking at these coins they all have faster transactions, ASIC-reistant mining for at least some of them, lower cost to entry with potential for growth, and at least for LTC, FTC,, and DOGE proven use beyond a store of value (i.e. LTC being accepted on some merchant sites and in DOGE's case being long used as a tipping currency on Reddit). 
I think BTC is always going to remain relevant as a first mover but with the influx of new investors, new users, and mainstream users who had no idea crypto existed a few months ago are going to be turned off by the insanely high fees and slow transaction times of bitcoin. Coupled with the Coinbase news and BTC's long time unfortunate connection to Silk Road (a curse of a first mover in crypto no doubt) , the public at large isn't going to sit around using a slow transaction/high fee payment option if other coins can say "do all this for less and faster!" regardless of how great bitcoin might be. 
Just my 2 cents. 
@_date: 2015-12-02 01:21:56
I remember buying a few of these. I ended up getting most of my money back from their payouts and by selling most of them back. Even then I still lost a few bucks. It's funny, once signs pointed to ponzi, I did a chargeback request to my CC company and they said it was a legitimate company and business model!
I remember seeing on that GAW forum people talking about taking out loans and second mortgages to buy more "cloud mining power." 
I do still think cloud mining could be run legitamitely and no one knows of Homero and Co. started it as a ponzi knowingly or whether they started with legit intentions (as suggested by their start in hardware only mining) but it's clear things got out of hand. He could have corrected it and chose to keep collecting money instead.
At least now some people will get money back. 
@_date: 2018-08-12 17:30:00
The ability to mine any even minuscule amount of bitcoin with even an extremely powerful PC (or a dozen of them) was a ship that sailed years ago. This is due to the difficulty increasing as more coins are "released" which is by design. 
Your best bet is to just buy some bitcoin. Just don't spend more than you can afford to lose. 
But if you really love the tech side and want to feel like you're engaged in the process, you might consider mining newer/smaller coins then either holding them, using them, or trading them for bitcoin later. 
TL;DR: Mining bitcoin on PCs on a small scale is dead but there's still plenty of ways to get involved. 
@_date: 2014-12-27 05:50:38
I got in a few months ago. Quickly realized it was cheaper to buy on the their "market" than from their storefront. Also another alt coin I had mined before switched algos and I was able to mine a bunch early to buy cheaper Zen Hashlets. Bought most in mid October. So about 2 months I was doing decently, easily a few bucks a day. Noticed past few days the price of these hashlets is diving and now the "genesis" ones seem to be the only profitable ones if you already have money in there or hashlet to trade.  
I became suspicious when they kept promising lower maintenance fees and they haven't decreased even as payouts have plummeted. A Zen hashlet right now has a 99.99% fee right now based on current numbers. A Genesis hashlet on their site right now has a 48.9% fee based on current numbers. They can lower the fees with a mouse click but why haven't they?
I've moved most of my money on ZenCloud into Genesis hashlets for now. I have some in Paycoin only because they converted hashpoints and let users turn some Zens into hashstakers. 
Long winded rambling aside, I see what's happening. The 1 satoshi is technically "profit" so they're "always profitable." But even at market lows you can see a Zen for a couple bucks, dump it into a Genesis or cash it out and hold as BTC and probably make more. According to my math each Zen makes 0.06 USD a day now. After .08 USD fees, that's -0.02 cents a day. And the 1 satoshi cancels that out but still, why won't they lower fees to increase profits? From their end it seems that would draw more buyers in anyways.
In any event I mine in other ways and hold other coins. I maybe dropped a few hundred into GAW ZenCloud and maybe lost 50-75 bucks when all is said and done if I bailed it all now. But I can't imagine those that dumped thousands into Zens after October and suddenly are really stuck in the red. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:14:12
Don't keep millions of dollars on a card trading website. Actually don't keep hundreds of dollars on an unregulated website. I'm not saying I agree/disagree or believe/disbelieve the situation at hand, but show some decency man. You said yourself people potentially lost a lot of money due to the situation and other random people are showing a small token of trying to help out and show solidarity and you're whining about that?
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:24:48
They're trying to help out AND promote their altcoin. Which I think every altcoin should be doing. Because you apparently didn't notice that altcoins are tied to BTC. 
These allegations against Mt Gox and the potential of people who lost their life savings in this situation can end the cryptocoin movement. It can crash the market across all coins.
What we need is a sense of community and a push to make people aware that other altcoins exist; that Mt Gox isn't Bitcoin; if anything this event is a chance to help spread the word about other coins. 
Also I think the cyrpto currency world has bigger concerns right now than a few people promoting a coin. 
@_date: 2015-08-08 22:54:26
Hey what a concept, charging a fair price for media, having easy access to it, offering multiple pay formats, and letting users set a reasonable price. 
@_date: 2016-10-02 05:26:46
Yeah quite possible. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:51:45
Litecoin has faster transaction times than Bitcoin. 
Feathercoin has centralized checkpoints which increase security making it possibly appealing to governments, businesses, and the average citizen who wants to know their money is safe. 
Primecoin doubles as a way to improve encryption algorithms. 
Never heard of Novacoin and Terracoin.
I think Feathercoin has the best chance at mass adoption because governments/businesses will like the centralized security aspect and the public will see that as a big plus. I think Litecoin also stands a good chance at mass adoption because like FTC it's faster than Bitcoin but has more value per coin right now. Primecoin is it's own little niche so probably will do alright too. Bitcoin will likely become either a thing of the past or a long term investment vehicle at this point not suited for daily transactions, rather a buy and hold for dividends thing.