@_author: sc_jp
@_date: 2016-01-31 01:39:58
It's funny, he gives Mt Gox as one of the exchanges you can use :-0
@_date: 2016-01-27 02:22:51
Oh yeah. I already came up with the Bitternet, so you'll have to try harder than that.
@_date: 2016-01-31 01:10:40
Global digital currency secured by incentivized, decentralized,  cryptographic open network
@_date: 2016-01-27 12:59:17
Not yet, but I think this thing is just getting going...don't underestimate the power of open source + VC$. Linux?
@_date: 2016-01-29 22:56:12
Thanks! I appreciate the Hx lesson. 
I am just continually astounded at how hard it is to explain bitcoin to people. If you could say "there is this thing called the bitnet...it is like the internet in that it has protocols that takes some willingness to really study to deeply understand. What you can understand immediately is that the bitnet allows anyone in the world with a smart phone and Internet to use bitcoin (the currency) to transfer value around the world with minimal fees. Additionally, the bitnet supports using bitcoins in many fascinating and powerful ways. Since no single country, organization, or group controls the bitnet, it could become a globally recognized currency that would supercharge our collective financial capabilities." 
In the end changing the name isn't necessary,  but some marketing type thinking couldn't hurt. There is a lot of meaning and technology wrapped up in Bitcoin. Adoption by the masses could help in making bitcoin succeed?
@_date: 2016-01-31 01:38:47
Khan academy has a video series that is old but still relevant. Would be easy to assign the videos as homework. 
@_date: 2016-01-16 16:32:36
What is amazing to me in these types of meetings is that there are lots of people in power who still don't understand the basics of the bitcoin ecosystem. Having watching 1.5 hours of this video so far, I am actually impressed in how much good information is presented. There are certainly "scared banker" guys in the room (Ryan Zigota sic? with Ripple who speaks at 1:27:00 seems like he might be particularly bitcoin hostle - but I didn't hear enough to judge for certain), but many others who extoll the virtues of bitcoin and probably others who are completely lost and staying silent. Even scared banker guy aka Mike's boss aka Charley Cooper says some intelligent things. In particular at 1:26:00 where he talks about on loading non bitcoin asset classes onto the bitcoin blockchain and the potential to have the mining reward be overtaken by the reward to do harm. In all I was impressed with the openness of the discussion and the positive representation of bitcoin. This wasn't just a meeting of evil regulators and big bankers IMO. As we have seen with BTC, democracy is a btch and it takes a ton of work to move forward. Mike, however, is a douche for trying to take BTC down with his departure.
@_date: 2016-01-27 13:06:11
I love the bitcoin name. My point was that it doesn't accurately represent the bitcoin ecosystem. Thus all the silly bankers saying, can't we just have the blockchain without the bitcoin. I know this is a crazy idea, but I believe in bitcoin and want to see succeed. 
The internet is such a powerful name. Inter + network immediately suggests the bringing together of networks which are in and of themselves large groups of people. 
Bitcoin on its face value suggests  a digital coins = small amount of $. Where's the global network validating a decentralized, pubic, immutable ledger upon which radical apps can be built?
@_date: 2016-01-30 15:38:18
I've worked on this a bit...here's my attempt:
Bitcoin is something completely new. As such there is not a direct analogy to describe it. There are however many analogies that convey aspects of what we call bitcoin. 
It is easiest to start thinking of bitcoin as two things: 1.bitcoin the digital currency and 2.bitcoin the decentralized network that gives bitcoin is security and functionality.
I like to think of the latter as the "bitnet" The bitnet is a network of computer programs that work together to maintain the bitcoin system. The amazing thing is that this system is decentralized. 
Without going too deep,  we can still say that the computers that comprise the bitnet compete against each other for rewards. Rewards are paid out in bitcoin (the currency). The competition itself involves verifying transactions and creating the next block in the blockchain which is a public, immutable, cryptography secure ledger of all bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2016-01-27 14:33:10
Not sure I understand. I'll look into the Gates statement unless you want to expand/explain.
@_date: 2016-01-27 12:58:12
Good points. I was mostly concerned that the name Bitcoin sounds simply like a digital currency, not "the internet of money" on which many powerful (yet to be seen) things are built, but I do think that there is the potential for btc to be seen as a GCU. I doubt bitcoin would every be changed, but who knows? The name you suggest is what we hope btc becomes, so in that sense it is a better name IMO.
And how do we get the First world to adapt to crypto?
That is part of my intent, we can't just sit at our computers and hope that BTC takes off. There is the technical and governance side and then there is marketing.
Would people be more interested in Bitcoin if the name immediately suggested something that they already know changed their world: the internet. Maybe marketing doesn't matter, but I doubt it. Did Apple just depend on the strength of their technology? Of course, that is ridiculous.
I also realize that I posted on this a week or so ago. I thought the post didn't go through due to my constantly crashing computer due to a maxed out SSD Drive...sorry r/bitcoin community. I am just starting on reddit.
@_date: 2016-06-14 23:06:19
I would not recommend coinbase to anyone. Their customer service makes any fiat bank look brilliant! Thanks for posting this. People need to hear again and again that coinbase is a bad company to do business with. 
Section 4.5 of the coinbase user agreement outlines when they are allowed to cancel an order. 
The only thing that will encourage coinbase to treat its customers better is to loudly voice these experiences and to try to drive new customers to their competitors. 
I am going to post a summary my current issue with coinbase. They withdrew BTC 26 days after the transaction was completed - but not after causing an overdraft by withdrawing the US$ purchase price twice. I would certainly appreciate as many upvotes as possible to help raise awareness and give coinbase as much bad press as possible. I am not giving up. The customer service agreement has an arbitration clause and I intend to arbitrate. Save yourself the hassle! Choose another company with which to do business.  
@_date: 2016-06-30 02:21:33
Of course, I have to say that I am not as professional and this isn't investment or legal advice, but my research (which included speaking with lawyers) led me to believe that I am breaking no laws. The benefit is that you can theoretically buy and hold btc legally in a 401k. They also allow you to buy and take physical possession of gold with pre-tax retirement funds. I used mysolo401k.net and have been very happy with them. I've thought about posting about this... If you want more  details let's move to a new posting so we don't hijack this one.
@_date: 2016-06-30 01:46:05
I set up a solo 401k to do this. You have to be self employed with no employees (other than a spouse) so it only works for some.
@_date: 2016-06-27 15:31:18
exactly what i wanted. follow up ?. how do you know (or does it matter) if you are dealing with an address that is the hash of a compressed or uncompressed public key?
@_date: 2016-06-30 02:35:43
Look forward to reading your wiki, but if someone just wants to securely store bitcoin why not suggest a hardware wallet. For $100 you don't have to set up an air gapped computer or worry about people finding your paper wallet. You can split your seed generator words in 2 and give them to family  members or if you are really paranoid memorize them and then you can recreate the wallet if you ever lose the device. Keepkey works great and is Luddite friendly.
@_date: 2016-06-27 15:45:46
Thanks. your first answer agrees with kinoshitajona's.  
kinoshitajona's answer to second ? says that you don't recreate full 65 byte public key. just hash the 1 byte compression code +32 byte x coordinate to create the address.
@_date: 2016-06-27 19:17:13
@_date: 2016-06-26 01:24:28
Ditto. I trusted a venture backed company that starts with c and ends with e until they did something unsavory. After 5 weeks of battles with customer service I won but only after asking to go to arbitration.
@_date: 2016-06-27 21:57:08
I said the same thing until they withdrew btc from my wallet a month after I bought it. I eventually prevailed but it was a fight. Withdraw your btc fast!
@_date: 2016-06-26 01:21:55
You can get a keepkey in 2 days on Amazon. It's super easy to setup and use AND their customer service actually responds quickly. I've got 2 of them. Trezor ships from Europe so it can take 4-6 weeks. Very happy customer.
@_date: 2016-06-14 22:47:21
Don't use Coinbase!!! Search the sub reddit to see their shady practices and poor customer service. If you are starting now, use Circle or Gemini (Read the reviews to see which service people are preferring). Really, we need to get it across to people that Coinbase.com is not a customer focused company. I went with them because at the time they were the most legitimate option, but their service is bad and there are numerous examples of them cancelling orders when prices rise and even removing BTC from your coinbase wallet without authorization. I regret not moving.
@_date: 2016-02-03 20:31:43
Sort of... IMO. Bitcoin can't be everything to everybody,  so we will never decide which direction to take it. There are simply to many agendas. Core seems to be taking the line that bitcoin is the settlement layer and all the fancy stuff happens on the side. In that way bitcoin CAN actually be everything to everybody. So while everybody is focused on the block size, Core is trying to solve a bigger problem. I support this approach. 
@_date: 2016-05-21 14:05:03
Agree 100%. Most people in my circle think I am crazy for my interest/investment in crypto. Its just like the internet, very hard to understand the potential until its right in front of you. It's especially hard in a country where the financial system works pretty well for anyone with a job and an identity. There are many places that really need bitcoin. In the U.S., we could be fine without it...however I believe it will succeed and thrive for all the reasons people at r/bitcoin understand.
@_date: 2016-05-21 13:59:48
I sat next to a Russian man during one of the talks at the recent Consensus 2016 Bitcoin conference in NYC. I asked him about Russia's opposition to BTC and his response was interesting. He said the Russian Finance minister was an old, irrelevant, obstructionist and that there was actually a lot of interest and support for BTC in the country. It reminded me that our (my) perceptions are easily created by a few facts reported in our media and that the reality may be quite different. Maybe similar to the Oklahoma bill to make abortions a felony. These bills can be put forward to make a political statement but they often have little if no chance to actually make it to law.
@_date: 2016-07-21 22:22:15
Agree. I have heard so much about the "Immutability" of BTC but this is NOT a characteristic of public, decentralized blockchains. If there is sufficient agreement on a mutation, then it is not so hard to change rules. As the BTC community knows well, consensus is a BiTCh. Though of course intended to be funny, this and any proposal is legitimate, but good luck getting consensus. There will never be another DAO type bailout. All future DAOs will be designed to contain potential damages and if they aren't, well tough S^%$. We all benefit from a system that isn't afraid to "move fast and break things" while the other is slow and careful. This is a beautiful partnership that has great benefits to BTC!
Many vocal folks in the BTC community are being self righteous wrt the DAO fork, but I still promise to be kinder to you when BTC faces its next crisis. Not all the hard choices are behind us! ETH/BTC infighting is also ridiculous. Both systems have network effects and will find their niche. It is not a zero sum game.