@_author: scaliwag
@_date: 2014-03-11 14:24:31
It's called Google Mail for a reason, after all!
@_date: 2014-02-20 00:51:21


The thing made of paper we call a book is as AnCap as a house cat is, i.e. not at all, and can exist without problem even in the most totalitarian anti-capitalistic regime. On the other hand the ideas  contained therein could not work in a not-AnCap regime, they necessitate AnCap to be but in place. BitCoin doesn't necessitate an AnCap regime and it is well established it can coexist even in moderately totalitarian regimes.
For the honesty part it's not even relevant if taxes are or aren't theft. If you think lying, by saying you did not earn something you did, is something honest then you'd need to review your dictionary and I hope I don't ever get the chance to do business with you. :-)
@_date: 2014-02-19 22:48:03


That's kind of a stretch, really. While AnCaps would endorse Bitcoin because it fits their ideology, it's not like Bitcoin necessitates the non-existence of the State as it could well coexist with it, and in fact that's the way it does exist right now.
A State could even tax you on your Bitcoins, it just wouldn't be that able to wiretap and trace your transactions that easily if you're smart (or even easier if you're not that smart), but the same could be said for transactions done with physical bills. It would be up to you to be honest about it and if they do catch you cheating it's jail-time.
So my point is it's a stretch to say Bitcoin is in nature AnCap when it's no different than trading other goods, otherwise trading in gold would be AnCap in nature and so on, which is non-sense. 
@_date: 2013-12-11 13:51:46
I don't think it matters much whether people convert in their heads bitcoin to USD, people do that all the time. I don't think in Yen, I have to convert to something I'm familiar with.
Also the fact that the value of a bitcoin has increased does not necessarily mean prices that once were 0.1 btc should remain 0.1 now that bitcoin value has increased, it's not like dollars have lost value and bitcoin stayed the same, so you have to have a way to tell how much bitcoin's value have changed, now one the common indexes used is the BTC/USD. 
BTW, you are the nicest most beautiful scalawag, if you were a desert, you'd be refrigerative cranberry with beef chocolate trifle. ;)
@_date: 2013-12-11 22:48:10
If you are offline it sounds safe to me.
I am no security expert though, what I used to do was based on creativity and lateral thinking (eg. "uh maybe I can login via ssh with the credentials I used for my free email" &gt; exploit &gt; root &gt; erase tracks &gt; log other users data &gt; get other machines, and so on). So mostly I was only dealing with the system while online in some fashion, trying to know about the people that used the machines (nothing that personal, but searching forums, etc to try to find data about their network, emails, logins, whatever), and searching for relevant exploits.
Hope you prosper :-)