@_author: scallywaggly
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:06:52
But the velocity demand for money to exchange hands will drive up the price and increase the companies value in its treasury stocks or if it wants to issue more authorized shares. We're playing semantics here, but there isn't exactly nothing to be gained
@_date: 2018-01-17 15:45:27
Been saying for months, these currencies will never be adopted by major corporations. Imagine if Amazon was accepting bitcoin as revenue right now on their balance sheets... their earnings would have been chopped in half, overnight and probably triggered a failure to meet earnings in their next season in a market with real shareholders and actual value. A board of directors would be drinking their poison pill. And a pension/institutional portfolio manager running people's retirement money would be fired and sued out his ass. It's time for the believers to face the music... it's not going to be adopted. 
Two large down days presents a huge problem for its future. The FOMO buyers have already scattered like cockroaches. The institutions will stay away. All that's left is a narrow minded "hodl" meme rooted in ones own gains/losses without looking at the bigger picture. I'd get out everything I could right now if I were still in
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:46:01
Yeah, you're talking completely out of your ass. You have absolutely no way of knowing this is from large short orders. I also saw some dipshit saying this was people reducing exposure and skimming profits for Christmas. Laughable. This is good old fear setting in and rational minds taking profits from the bubble while they can
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:50:28
No. But despite what the dictionary definition of investing is, investing implies earnings being returned to the investor. 
Sports betting gives you a return, right? But would you ever call that investing? No. Because it's purely speculative. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:24:10
The futures market on bitcoin is nowhere near the size to cause massive spot price swings. I haven't looked, but I imagine bitcoin futures earlier this month were in insanely deep contango, whereas any physical settlement would actually increase the spot price. Seeing that Bitcoin futures are settled financially, not physically, this is not the reason for a sell off. Plus 99% of contracts hardly see themselves to expire. They're either rolled over or closed out
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:59:43
I wonder if these cryptocucks that sold are going to pay the required ordinary income tax for holding a position for less than 12 months? Of course not. Because the crypto market is comprised of high school dropouts way in over their skis