@_author: scamtoshi
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:04:46
Hi, 
I based this off all public information posted from your team, exactly how anybody buying would as well. None of my statements are false


Correct, the length doesn't. But when 3/4ths of it is bullshit fluff about the history of blockchains and smart contracts with no relation to Corona, it raises red flags. 


Yes, and I merely point out it is a relatively bullshit term to coin, while it has no real meaning and assigned to the traditional method of giving somebody money in a fundraiser. They are buzz hype words.


I have a feeling almost all the raised money will go towards funding people in your network rather than 3rd parties


"Any Dapps we fund will be required to carry the Corona network branding and attempt to best interoperate with other Dapps in the Corona ecosystem. In the event that a token will be required to use the Dapp, then it should incorporate the option to use Corona membership credits." 


No, i'm claiming its obvious you're doing it for a false sense of reputation.


No, you clearly describe it as such. Gaining economic value due to Contributions by others fall under a security.


Ohhhhhhhh, funding your own team. Gotcha. 


It's hard. You don't exist outside of the past 2 months online. Please, give me your phone number then. Or any information about you, because you 100% seem fake (and I've had 4 community members PM me saying they've been thinking the same thing asking how to help prove it)


Nope, wrong again. Your domain is registered through eNom, which does NOT accept Bitcoin (just checked) 
You also didn't address about half my other points I made which should prove the validity. 
Where is Corona incorporated? What state / country? Whats your incorporation public registration number? Who owns the company? Board members? Who can I hold liable and sue? Nothing posted.
@_date: 2015-06-02 21:03:08
He didn't register the domain, it was purchased third party. If it was NameCheap as well, that would show up on the WhoIs and not eNom. It's not debatable that eNom is the registrar as its public info. You can't hide that.
It was purchased March 30 2015, a little over a month ago. For somebody who has been working for a year plus, that's pretty late in the game to claim a company name. 
Still, he didn't pay a provider (not sure why he's saying he did) but an independent seller, and had it transferred to his eNom registrar account with WhoisGuard protection already on. There was no payment to a registrar for this domain, and especially not in Bitcoin. 
Funny enough, Corona.info is up for sale on Sedo at the moment. Throw in the towel already? It's listed in the Ukraine as well. The previous owner had all his info public, and he was from Isreal. I can't imagine why it would be listed on Sedo currently for sale with the Ukraine as the country if Daniel is from Thailand. 
So no it was not registered with a registrar, but from an independent seller. It's currently sitting with eNom with WhoisGuard active. No payment was made to a registrar for the domain, it's been registered since 2005 with about ~70 different owners/transfers. Daniel was also the first one in the list of 70 transfers to ever enable WhoisGuard. 
@_date: 2015-06-03 15:23:02
You won't reply to anything public, or address any of these points. There in the thread here, not LTB.
Time to compile up a report with the proof of your non existence. 
You are ridiculous, but I'm happy you stopped stealing money.
@_date: 2015-06-01 20:19:55
It looks like they've launched their fundraiser, with the rate 1 BTC exchanges to 12,000 CORONAZ
With a 100,000,000 supply and 90% being sold to the crowd, that's a market cap of 7,500 BTC/$1.68 million
For people who will be funding projects at the $1,000-$10,000 range, this rate seems absolutley too high.
@_date: 2015-06-02 22:38:17
That fine, but you can check the registration history. The domain was registered in 2005 and has gone through about 70 transfers or updates. The only time it is a purchase is the initial registration everything past that is a transfer from person to person. 
I guess eNom vs Namecheap really does not matter. Other than he was trying to use it as his excuse that he registered the domain with them with Bitcoin, when he did not. 
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:17:07
Thanks, glad to have some backup. It's quite obvious I'm not out to hurt the company on no grounds, there are real questions and concerns here.
@_date: 2015-06-02 17:56:53


I don't even know where to begin but WhoisGuard is not a registar. You don't even know who you registered your domain under. WhoisGuard is a service almost every registrar offers to hide the identity of the person who registered it.
eNom is your registrar this is printed in fact, and they do not take Bitcoin. Whoisguard is not a registrar. 
**Sponsoring Registrar: eNom, Inc. (R126-LRMS)**
Your digging yourself more and more into a hole here
I'll be back with more just know that answer didn't answer almost anything, and my opinion hasn't changed. As you offered, what your phone number and other easily available info online about yourself?
Highly recommended staying away, no legal entity. Meaning only Daniel Greene is legally liable of the actions of Corona, who we still dont know if exists.
Stay away I say again
@_date: 2015-06-02 21:42:47
The difference really doesn't matter anyways. Regular domains registered with Namecheap show Namecheap on Whois, not sure why it wouldn't in the case.
It's shown he did not register the domain, but purchase it, so his claims of paying with BTC to largest registrar are nulled.
Either way its irrelevant. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 04:48:27
I was not expecting level headed reply from somebody on the team. Thank you for that.
Do you know anything about the company with your time associated with them? The real company, where its registered, who owns it, all that. And anything about Daniel? I just find it hard to believe he was a blockchain entrepreneur for years and his name isn't anywhere expect since when Corona started. He seems like he almost doesn't exist.