@_author: scepticisms
@_date: 2016-08-03 10:21:27
Bitfinex is writing that 119,756 btcs were stolen from "some" customers accounts.
Let's make some points clear about this:
1) The so-called autonomous wallets from each customer is a pure fiction. Customers had no access to any security keys, therefore, there weren't any personal wallets. It's all Bitfinex wallets.
Bitfinex lost customers' bitcoins. No customer lost any bitcoin from "his" wallet. There are only Bitfinex wallets.
2) The idea that some customers had bad luck and lost their bitcoins and others are lucky and their bitcoins are safe is absurd.
3) All customers are on dire straits if Bitfinex can't pay back the 65 millions, including people with LTC, ETH and USDs. Have no illusion about this.
4) What we have to know is what the 119,756 btcs are in terms of percentage of Bitifnex total deposits, in all currencies. In order to figure out what will be the top losses anyway. Zanetackett has been helpful, but he is not giving this real information that can't be that hard to figure out.
5) Now it's irrelevant, but it's astonishing that Bitfinex thought that any online wallet, no matter if it needs 10 signatures, is more secure than an offline wallet.
6) I think Bitfinex owners know that if they can't pay back the money lost, Bitfinex is dead in the water. No one will ever trust Bitfinex again. Past hacks on other exchanges have confirmed this beyond any doubt.
So, without full payback, the golden goose is dead.
They just have to decide what is best: using all their capital (and even borrow some) to pay back or face the end of Bitfinex (and all its profits) and a hell of legal problems.
 
@_date: 2016-08-05 23:37:50
If you adopted these terms you are leaning into, you would be leaning into oblivion on a short period.
Even the fact that you are considering this arbitrary solution damages your reputation as reliable and just people.
No bitcoiner or lender customer would ever forget how you discriminated them in front of other customers, all equally blameless about this hack.
Most of them would withdraw their non-blocked money from Bitfinex like if you had the black plague.
At least a few, after withdrawing their money, since they won't have much more to lose and would have everything to win, in order to get a distribution of deposits in proportion to their assets, would sue Bitfinex, freezing its assets and forcing it to declare bankruptcy. 
This would mean that Bitfinex, already seriously hurt on its reputation because of this hellish mess, by adopting this discriminating solution just against bitcoiners and lenders, would sign his death certificate.
@_date: 2016-08-04 13:38:30
Since Bitfinex is worth more than 65 millions (I don't know how much you make in profits a year, but 65 million seems cheap price for Bitfinex), it would be better to:
1) Announce clearly that you are going to assume all losses from the hack. 
Creating these online "segregated accounts" was Bitfinex's mistake. 
You didn't ask any customer if he agreed. For them, nothing changed. 
Customers would nail you for that on any court and assuming the losses it's the right thing to do. 
As far as I know, all exchanges in the past assumed hack's losses.
The model to follow is the way you handle the hack on your hot wallet, at least if you want to keep Bitfinex alive and a major exchange. You survived that hot wallet hack with no problems.
But you are taking too long to declare this obvious solution. This creates suspicion.
2) This is irrelevant to the issue of Bitfinex fault, but don't say that the bitcoins were customers' bitcoins, suggesting that customers were the ones who got robbed, so it's their problem. 
Like all the USD cash you have, bitcoins are fungible. You can do whatever you want with them, like a bank when you deposit USD bills. You won't ever receive back the specific bills you deposited. 
Like on any loan, the bank assumes property and can handle as he wants the money. He just has a duty to pay back an equal amount.
The specific bitcoins stolen were Bitfinex's bitcoins. Bitfinex just has a duty to pay them back, like a borrower or a bank.
3) I understand the temptation to limit losses to the "segregated" accounts that had "their" bitcoins stolen. Then you will only have to handle a small (?) percentage of angry customers, not all of them. 
But unless you have any objective ground to discriminate (even if the hack was related to Bitgo and only accounts with it were stolen this seems very fragile ground) this is unfair.
Of course, that would allow you to block the withdrawals only of those poor customers, allowing Bitfinex to survive while you look for the money to pay them.
That might work, but it will create suspicions on other customers too.
You will lose some customers because of this "smart" move.
4) Don't start trading again without allowing full withdrawals because this is going to create stress and suspicion.
Find the money to allow full withdrawals or you will lose customers.
5) Start trading/withdrawals as fast as you can. Each day that is passing increases fear.
6) You will need more sources of revenue to pay for losses. But you can't increase fees on trading. They already are high in comparative terms with the chinese exchanges.
The way to go is to increase the fee on interest received to 50% until you pay your losses.
A few exchanges that lend money use customers' deposits to lend to others without paying any thing to customers. So, 50% fee on lending will be harsh, but you will survive it.
To do now the same, seems bad idea: lenders would withdrew all their money and now it's a bad day to lose deposits.
Clearly, some customers will stop lending, but that will increase the interest rate, so more profit to you. It would be a return to the good old days of 1 or 2% interest rate a day.
Actually, you need these high interests' rates to keep your lender customers on board. Let greed be your friend.
@_date: 2016-08-03 01:16:18
Do you have evidence about your status as Bitfinex representative?
And you are a moderator of Can anyone confirm his status?
Why don't you give this serious information on Bitfinex official twitter or blog?
Bifinex wrote that "some" of customers accounts were hacked.
The almost 120,000 btc you say were stolen look like all the bitcoins Bitfinex had.
@_date: 2016-08-07 00:48:34
Bitfinex assumed full responsibility and decided to distribute the pain over all customers, as the unavoidable and less terrible solution.
No one is bailing any customer. Instead, all customers are equally bailing in Bitfinex. Hopefully, just for some time. 
At least, we could confirm that Bitfinex's direction, and its founder (I don't know if he still takes the major decisions), are indeed honest persons. These are the moments that define a person.
Let's forget about conspiracies and inside jobs. All their hesitation (supported on their immoral TOS) only confirms that they were taken by surprise.
Let's also forget about court action. 
We have yet to check the numbers they are going to present, but until any evidence is found to the contrary, we can assume that this is what they have to give. 
Therefore, it seems any customer wouldn't get in court more than they are giving.
Don't invoke the "segregated wallets": customers had no personal keys and Bitfinex TOS, since it had as goal to shield Bitfinex from a hack, is as good as used toilet paper on a court.
Many didn't create any bitgo account and never even noticed the "segregated" wallet.
Any amount deposit on any currency, including bitcoin, as a fungible asset, was theirs. Once deposited, customers have only IOUs against Bitfinex as it happens on a bank.
Actually, as far as I know, the "segregated" wallets only applied to bitcoin. So, people with other assets couldn't invoke this in court.
Finally, even if the bitcoins segregated were property of customers and weren't hacked, filling a suit would only provoke bankruptcy, putting all customers on the same stand: right to receive a proportional part of the assets: 64%. So, goodbye 36%.
Going to court now doesn't make sense. At least, until there is evidence that something fishy is going on.
If we want the 36% back, it's now time to support Bitfinex.
But, of course, they have to organize a sound recovery plan. 
I'm hoping they already transferred all the crypto assets to cold wallets. 
Bitgo can go to hell. Actually, they are not off the hook. At a minimal, they let the hacker drain almost 120,000 btcs without any preventive safeguard/alarm.
After this, Bitfinex will probably be the safest exchange again. They are in their worst nightmare. I bet they will return to the good old days when they were saying that they were paranoid on security issues. 
I'm also hoping Bitfinex will create a trading system (in btc and usd) of their new token where they can buy (but not sell), but also customers. 
If the token drops like a stone, they can buy it cheaply (allowing the patient customers to receive 100% of their funds faster) and also will create an incentive for customers to deposit funds in order to take advantage of the drop.
Bitfinex should create conditions for the more supportive customers, that will keep at least part of their money on the exchange, earn some money at the expenses of the customers that will dump their bfx tokens like if there was no tomorrow.
I also hope they will revise completely their TOS, removing all the immoral terms. Any deposited money, as fungible asset, is theirs and they have to answer for it.
Of course, everyone knows what will be the main problem. There is no reason to disguise it.
Many customers are angry and scared. They are going to withdraw their money.
But if every customer now turns his back on Bitfinex and decides to withdraw all his money, Bitfinex is dead and no one will see 36% of their money.
They are doing the only right thing that can be done. They didn't run. They assumed the responsibly of compensating customers.
The only problem is going to be the first week. If they honor a week of withdrawals, the fear will go away.
Maybe Bitfinex could remove trading fees for the first week. I know it isn't time to remove fees, they need every satoshi, but that will help them on this decisive week.
Any other incentive for customers to keep their money on the exchange only for the first or second week would help. Interest? Shares on their corporation?
@_date: 2016-08-03 02:01:21
Thank you for your answer.
Unfortunately, I confirmed that you are the real deal.
I was hoping this was FUD from okcoin.
But you should post that figure of 119,000 btc lost on Bitfinex twitter. Many people don't read reddit.
It would be great if you could do the math and say how much in percentage are the 119,000 btc versus total amount of deposits in all currency that bitfinex has, in order for us to see what are the top loss we might have.
@_date: 2016-08-04 21:05:39
Perhaps I wasn't clear enough on my two previous posts.
If Bitfinex doesn't assume all the losses, it will be as good as dead. You shall lose the majority of your customers on less than a month. No one will trust you again.
If you only assume part of the losses, you will get the same result.
The only way you could burden customers with a part of your losses was if you declared bankruptcy.
On matters of money, trust is king. With no trust, you shall have a run on your bank.
Your decision to create "segregated online personal wallets" seems so strange, that I seriously hope you weren't mislead by some lawyer that told you that Bitfinex could escape responsibility in case of a hack if their TOS stated something like that and Bitfinex created those wallets.
Go tell that in any court of the world and you will end up with a sad surprise. Toilet paper is more worthy in court than TOS that try to protect corporations from responsibility from their faulty decisions.
Your "segregated wallets" are a joke. 
When a customer withdrew bitcoins does the bitcoins came from his "segregated wallet"? No, it came from Bitfinex hot wallet.
When a customers deposits bitcoins, does the bitcoins go directly to "his segregated wallet". No, the bitcoins are moved from the customer's address on Bitfinex to a Bitfinex's collective address.
Better assume all your losses or I bet you'll have a major run on Bitfinex as soon as you allow withdrawals.
I'm not writing about the morality of doing the right thing, even if I always believed that Raphael Nicolle was a man of honor. I'm writing about your best interests.
Better assume a loss now and secure your best long-term interests.
Not only the financial ones. With Bitfinex you created something on the bitcoin community. But a greedy, short-term determined, decision can destroy it in days.
@_date: 2016-08-06 00:01:48
I don't think they care much for those rules. They are fighting for Bitfinex's survival.
As you know, USD holders that lent their USDs would also have their money partially blocked. So, it's not about those rules.
Moreover, those rules would never apply to ETH and LTC holders and Bitfinex is saying that they are going to walk from this mess with 100% of their funds.
This solution stinks so much that even some LTC/ETH customers are acknowledging the smell.
What is astonishing is that Bitfinex seriously thought about adopting it and had the nerve to publish it.
Of course, I'm assuming that they already forgot about the even more incredible idea of burdening the customers with the losses (keeping the exchange working on a business as usual system) and are going to block some customers funds, but will unblock them gradually in the future, as they gather more capital or earn profits.
@_date: 2016-08-03 01:35:37
Do you have evidence about your status as Bitfinex representative? 
It's strange that you are a moderator of Can anyone confirm his status? 
If true, please post the information on the Bitfinex official twitter or blog. Bitfinex wrote that "some" of customers accounts were hacked. The almost 120,000 btc you say were stolen look like all the bitcoins Bitfinex had.