@_author: scfg2342423
@_date: 2012-10-29 12:02:51
It's designed that way. When someone finds a block it's broadcast to every node on the network; so every node on the network has a constant stream of incoming found blocks. 
If the blocks are coming in too fast then the algorithm adjusts to only accept blocks with a higher difficulty, or if the blocks are coming in too slowly; the acceptable difficulty is adjusted down. Every node on the network makes these exact same adjustments because they are all running the same algorithm.
It attempts to regulate the difficutly such that there is one block every 10min on average. 
There are 144 ten-minute intervals per day and the current reward is 50BTC per block; so on average only 7200 BTC are found per day. 
When the block reward halves to 25BTC per block after block 210000 there will only be 3600 new BTC per day to be shared between everyone mining.
@_date: 2012-10-29 13:48:43
From payment transaction fees.
In addition to the blockchain blocks, the p2p network also relays unverified payment transactions. These are the transactions you create whenever you spend BTC. Everyone needs their payments to be included in a block in order for them to be considered valid.
These payment transactions can include extra unspent output BTC that the miner can then take. This is done to incentivize the miner to include the transaction in their block. 
The miners are not obliged to include any transaction in their block so non-paying transactions, or ones not paying a high enough fee may never get validated. As the network grows and there are more transactions there should also be more transaction fees.
When a node is mining it can include any of these unverified payment transactions in it's block and then the transaction becomes verified. The purpose of verifying a transaction is simply to prevent double spending.
Imagine you make two transactions to spend your money to two different destinations and publish both of them.
Some nodes may hear one or the other first - but then someone attaches one of them to a block and publishes that. That invalidates the other transaction, unless someone else found a block at the exact same time and included the other transaction in it. If they do then the chain is now forked and some miners are working with one side and some on the other side.
This is where the magic of bitcoin comes in -- unless both sides of the chain find another block at exactly the same time, one side will 'win' and find it first and then when that new block gets published all the clients working on the losing side will switch over and discard the transactions included in the discarded blocks. 
As time goes on the probability of both sides of a fork continuing to find blocks at exactly the same time goes down dramatically so it's unlikely that a fork can exist for more than a couple of blocks before it collapses back to a single unified world view with only one of the two doublepsend transactions being considered valid.
It's a crazy system, and it feels dirty when you consider how much computing power is being used to do in a distributed way the same job that could be done with a single centralized database... but bitcoin being fully distributed is the only reason anyone cares about it and so far this is the only way anyone has found to prevent doublepends outside of a centralized system.
@_date: 2012-10-29 15:17:14
While it may go against the current business ideas of 'social' everything and having a relationship with your customers - I think some people do really just want to buy stuff without having any relationship with the seller.. say I want to download an mp3 maybe I could download it without even giving you my email address.. just a bitcoin payment and then I click the download link. I get my music, you get your money and then we part ways until the next time.
That would be a lot less friction for me.. I might just do it. If I have to register and create yet another account and password or link you to some social network account I probably won't bother.. I'll just look for the torrent where I can get exactly that service for free. That's just me though.. I don't know how common that is and it seems to be almost the opposite of the way things are headed.