@_author: schattenteufel
@_date: 2016-10-22 20:38:12
Oh you may think that.  My story (from above) continues!      
So after getting harassing calls and letters, I went to the branch to see if I could clear it up.  I explained that the account was closed, they must have accidentally re-opened it, and all of the accumulated fees were from money that I clearly could not have owed them. 
The bank manager lied &amp; said the account was never closed, and that she "could/should" have security keep me in the branch until I paid the negative balance!    
I was fucking livid!  All I could do is get up &amp; walk out. They didn't try to stop me.  I still never paid them a dime.     
Happy ending:  A few years later I got a check in the mail from them for $30.00, as part of a class-action lawsuit for overcharging late fees.  
@_date: 2016-10-22 20:41:54
I can't say for certain that all American banks are that bad. Some are pure evil, others aren't.  I'm happy with my current bank.   
On an up note, the bank that had re-opened my account &amp; charged me those fees did eventually get class-action sued for such practices, and they had to pay out a huge settlement to all of their customers.  
@_date: 2016-10-22 13:11:57
No. that was my fault.  They took &amp;amp; destroyed my ATM card, handed me the balance of the account in cash, and said it was closed.  But I didn't get written confirmation.       
Later on, an automatic withdrawal for my gas bill tried to pull from the closed account (I forgot to switch my gas bill to my new bank) and it failed to go through (even the gas company said the account was closed).  I thought nothing of it and paid my gas bill over the phone.   Three months after that is when I started getting letters/calls from my former bank, saying I owed them money.  
@_date: 2016-10-22 12:27:11
Happened to me once, I'm not poor.    
I had closed an account, and the bank RE-OPENED the account w/o my knowledge just to charge me a fee. And then more fees. It snowballed from a closed account to a negative balance of $3000 before they finally gave up on harassing me to pay it.  