@_author: schmidter7
@_date: 2017-12-31 00:34:51
Gradually. New innovations always take lots of time before mass adoption. The function of the product can change over time as well. BTC can be used as a store of value, as a hedge against inflation, to make large purchases such as real estate and automobiles, or to transfer wealth across borders. These functions may be of no use to the average Joe, but extremely useful to others. Over time, as the currency and ecosystem around it adapts, it could become a currency for everyday purchases.  
Just need to be patient. Think of other extremely disruptive technologies and how long it took before mass adoption. Computers, pagers to car phones to cell phones, the driverless cars that have been in development for years already and won't be fully adopted for another 10-20 years, virtual reality (this started in like the 80s or 90s). 
People are resistant to change. Any good new product development introduces the new tech with incremental changes or else people wont receive it well. Think about every little change Facebook has made and how much each little change upset people or about how controversial it was when apple first introduced the touch screen.
I encourage you to read Digital Gold by Nathaniel Popper. It is the story of Bitcoin and how it evolved and touches on so many of the benefits outside of it being used as a Visa, many of which are more important to people in developing countries than to people on countries with strong stable economies.
@_date: 2017-12-31 02:03:10
Got to lock in their gains for those bonus checks as well.
@_date: 2017-12-31 05:28:17
You are making a lot of assumptions about other people's opinions that isn't fair to make. We could say the same about most people saying it is a bubble. I have friends who say it is a bubble and don't even know what it or a bubble is. There are a lot of brilliant people who have used critical thinking and decided to invest millions of dollars in it back when it was just developing. Many of whom have their coins in cold storage. 
Yes there are pump and dumps, etc. Yes it has been relatively stagnant and declining recently with very low volume. It is also the end if the tax year and the holiday season, which many experienced investors would tell you is not a good time to judge what is happening. 
I respect that you have taken the time to develop an opinion and can articulate why you believe it is a bubble, and you could be right.  It's important to scrutinize things and back our opinions with rationale.  I also think it's important to acknowledge that there are people who come to different conclusions who could also be right. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 01:41:16
We are in the age of instant information exchange and gratification. Although the benefits are immense, they have come at the expense of patience and unrealistic expectations. 
@_date: 2017-12-31 00:41:06
This used to be me. I kept screaming "bubble," but when I stopped and challenged my beliefs, I realized that my truth was that I wanted it to fail because I was envious. The more I questioned my belief that Bitcoin had no value the more I started to realize how wrong I was. Crypto is the future. Whether its future use matches it's original intent is up for debate, but the tech that drives it is a game changer that solves so many problems in so many industries.
@_date: 2017-12-31 03:49:01
Everyone's entitled to an opinion, but opinion isn't fact.  We will see what it is. I'd say from all of the TA I have seen, for every accurate prediction there are 20 that are off. That includes people calling "the bubble is popping." It is my opinion that the US's monetary policy which was a zirp for a record length of time has made the USD a bubble. I hope not, but it's scary.