@_author: schnarff
@_date: 2017-12-08 11:57:47
Been there, done that with FOREX back in 2008 - I was playing the carry trade with things like USD/JPY and USD/BRL coordinated buys, watching 12% annual interest rack up every day alongside whatever small price swings went (hopefully) in my favor. Constantly checking prices at work, not getting shit done.
Then the housing bubble popped, the bottom fell out of the JPY, and all of my crazy over-leveraged (50:1) money got system-generated stop-loss'd to hell and gone and my money evaporated literally overnight. I lost ~90% of my investment. Thankfully it was just funny money I'd been putting in a paycheck at a time as I could spare it, not anything I really actually needed to survive.
After that I closed my FOREX app, set some personal limits on how often I'd check on my stocks in Google Finance, and got back to work. I think it did a lot of good for my anxiety to intentionally limit obsession like that. It's also helped me learn how to set reasonable limit prices on things and wait for them - for example I just picked up some ETH at $425 early yesterday morning, when it's now back up to $457 and rising.
A day like yesterday was crazy and I was watching more than normal to be sure...my advice is just to not let it take over your life in the long-term.
@_date: 2017-12-06 20:53:27
If it's at $30K and he only needs $20K, he doesn't have to sell them all to get her to Japan. So holding out for $30K gets them Japan and some Bitcoin to watch while they're there.
@_date: 2017-12-08 12:31:49
It's a question of how much global cash actually comes pouring in relative to the current market cap of BTC. If the big boys of the system show up and suddenly can buy half the market, they can manipulate it basically to no end for their own profit. If they're a minority of the market then hopefully them all buying in just means the market grows and our BTC goes up.
Given the current market cap of around $300 billion, it'd take coordinated effort among a lot of major players to be another half of that, and human nature says that'd be hard to pull off...but we'll see come Sunday night I guess.