@_author: schninky
@_date: 2019-11-11 14:53:27
You can access all of the material in these paid courses for free. These people are making money selling proposed "golden" methods instead of actually using them.
Think about it, if it was working so well why wouldn't they pour 100% into it? They market out dated or commonplace methods that you don't need to pay for.
@_date: 2019-10-11 13:11:23
Hi all,
Personally, I can't help but compare the 50 day, 200 day and 21 week moving averages. A Death Cross seems inevitable at this point. I see strong support @ $8200 but if we break through this I fear the worst is yet to come. 
I think the main thing contributing towards the downward pressure at the moment is a delayed reaction the SEC rejecting the ETF proposal, the IRS releasing new cryptocurrency tax regulations ( [  video does a much better job explaining that I possibly could), a lot of negative publicity in general, UK watchdog, Ripple claiming they "discovered" XRP, 1.4$ Trillion lawsuit with Tether, the list is pretty big, I feel a lot more negative press is being released at this point, more so than positive information.
There was a lot of momentum in the market, if we look at StochRSI for the last month, there has been massive pressure over the last week, which I think ultimately caused the price spike up to $8800, which couldn't be maintained and has ultimately corrected near the supported price it's fluctuated at over the past few hours. It now seems as though the momentum is dying down. I think it's hard to pin point a definite direction of the trend at the moment. If I look at the charts I would be adamant we're entering a definitive bear market. 
What does everybody else think?
 I'm really interested to see some responses with a little more depth on the daily discussion!
@_date: 2019-10-11 14:13:08
Hey man, thanks for the reply, I appreciate the bigger picture you paint of bitcoin as a whole, and honestly I feel like like a lot of my ideas line up well with yours, but I don't quite see how the response fits the question. 
I feel your post addresses the long term position of bitcoin, I'm trying to use basic analaysis to predict the short term positions of bitcoin and discuss the short term price trends using analysis, news, whatever tools are available. A trader could make a lot of money in this market - I agree and I think 95% of us initially got involved for this reason. 
I don't consider a basic analysis (or my meagre attempt at creating one) overthinking. It's necessary for short-term traders. True believers (such as myself) may see the long term value but want to take advantage of the shorter term price trends which was the basis for my post.