@_author: schtekarn
@_date: 2014-07-05 16:15:54
Critiquing my use of an example? Fair enough, your use of a false analogy is not a valid method of reasoning. Don't commit a fallacy fallacy to undermine arguments. 
The US hospital example is an obvious example of the grand failure of such policies that you suggest. Especially from the point of efficiency which you stress so much. I am sure you're already aware of how procedures in the US can cost up to thousands of percent more than the same procedure in a country with a centralized health service. The US manages to spend a higher percentage of GDP on health care than countries with a national health service. So the US inefficiently spends more resources on less utility to avoid a monopoly. 
I don't see where this mental block you speak of exists, as most services, especially in the states are already privatized. I can give you an example from Sweden where the privatization of the government run pharmacy market was supposed to lead to lower prices, better efficiency and opening hours. Something the Swedish government ended up having to apologise for as following the privatization prices over all even went up. The Swedish government currently maintain a smaller market share through a number of state run pharmacies, but are currently being sued by the private firms in the market because it is "unfair" to have to compete with the government, so they will most likely have to give up their shares. 
However there are a few instances where privatization works out, and that is something that we see even in Sweden. however, to make a case against government as a whole, and claiming all monopolies are bad, simply aren't true. Case and point Sweden. I think you might have a problem with the way certain services are run in the US, and I forgive you for confusing that with a macroeconomic problem of monopolies. 
@_date: 2014-07-04 20:42:57
You seriously don't think the concept of a government is a good thing? 
@_date: 2014-07-05 13:14:40
I get a crazy amount of benefit from the government, Much more than I've put in. I've had my entire education paid for, including my bachelors. They then covered part of my living expenses for that duration. I've enjoyed free health care my entire life, same with dental. I have a job that has put me in a pretty high tax bracket, but I definitely enjoy far more utility than the amount I pay in taxes, and will be so for the rest of my life. 
I don't see the comparison between a military action and the day to day harassment people endure by criminal gangs as a just argument against the concept of government as a whole. 
How would you have competing non-profits? First of all, there would need to be a government to create them, and then how would you justify having the government compete against itself? Where do you believe the funding for non-profits come from? What's the incentive for a non-profit to compete? 
@_date: 2014-07-05 12:26:20
That is a horribly poor metaphor to use. Surely you can't be serious in comparing a criminal enterprise that exists to benefit a select few to a government that represents the entire public? I'd rather deal with the government any day over a street gang.  
The purpose of public services are not profit for the shareholders. A private company will use any means to increase profits, irregardless of the effects on public as long as it's increasing profits. Monopolies are just considered to be bad in certain cases and you cannot rationalise that there should be no monopolies across the board. 
@_date: 2015-08-18 04:19:27
Fact-less sensationalism. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 01:56:54
The fed buy back argument makes no sense, they don't need to be able to buy back every single dollar in circulation, just the occasional flood. It's a central entity that prevents opportunistic behaviour that includes crashing currencies for private profit, something bitcoin does not have. These are valid points, and I say that as a bitcoin positivist. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 09:46:14
"It's been said before and I will reiterate it: Don't invest more than you are willing to lose!" 
That's the rule of gambling, not investing. Goes to prove that bitcoin isn't an investment, but a highly volatile gamble.
@_date: 2013-12-29 10:58:17
I don't think you understand the meaning of corruption. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 01:46:44
Well he was right with the Internet? Read his full piece on it and you'll see why.
@_date: 2013-12-29 01:36:00
He is not saying that BitCoin is going to fail in the article? He raises some important issues such as the lack of stability functions, but he does not expressly argue that Bitcoin is going to fail. Also, other than in the title he does not argue that bitcoin is evil, which leads me to believe that he did not write the title of the article. I don't feel that you read the full thing. I would argue that this is still good for bitcoin, it brings some realism to it, and also furthers the reach of bitcoin by having someone like krugman arguing the pros and cons of it. Economically, bitcoin is fairly unchartered territory, and I am very interested in the academia that is developing around it. 
@_date: 2013-12-29 01:45:44
Believing that bitcoin makes corruption impossible is extremely narrow minded.
@_date: 2013-12-19 21:22:51
That's when you are doing it wrong. 