@_author: scientastics
@_date: 2018-01-05 16:04:59
No need to close the channel, actually. See my comment earlier. You can get funds replenished by having them sent to you through the network, back down the channel.
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:34:49
If you open a connection to your buddy and neither of you have any other connections, you are isolated. Kind of like hooking up two computers to each other but no connection to the internet. You can still pay each other, which is fine if that's all you want.
@_date: 2018-01-10 04:12:07
Show me the part where there are major new technical developments underway in BCash, as opposed to being blatantly ripped off from the original codebase carefully being developed and advanced with new features by the Core team.
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:36:20
Just saying that the team doing all the hard work is the one making the innovations and will be the most likely to continue to do so. BCash is mostly a ripoff with a few tweaks at this point, not a project with more momentum or development in the pipeline other than big talk and some big money backers.
@_date: 2018-01-10 20:53:49
Does not make any sense in context of the quote. Light clients still broadcast every single financial transaction to everyone in the world. Light clients do not form their own secondary level of payment systems.
@_date: 2018-01-05 16:03:51
No need to close the channel when funds get depleted. Just get someone to send you money down that channel again-- through the Lightning Network.
Who would that someone be? At first, most likely an exchange, just like the way you buy BTC at an exchange today. Later, we hope, it will be your "bank" or your employer or anyone else who sends you money.
The point is that it's a network and money can flow both ways along the channel, and from there to any other point in the network (in theory). The twist that is often forgotten is that each link in the channel has a balance on one side and/or the other, so money will tend to flow along the channels that have higher balances on the sending side (unless the channel owner wants to deplete one end of their channel).
@_date: 2017-12-17 05:40:09
I'd trust a small amount into a channel right away and play around with it. Same as I do with any crypto innovation.
@_date: 2017-12-30 05:43:58
Sure. One guy, Luke Dashjr, represents and speaks for all of Core. Never heard that one before.
@_date: 2017-12-26 05:08:59
Who's TotalBiscuit and why should we care? ;) Honest question.
@_date: 2017-12-06 15:09:10
I feel your pain.
But I encourage you to look on the bright side, learn a lesson, and keep HODLing. In a space like crypto, where money is being made (and lost) on a grand scale and so quickly, no one can be perfect.
Ignore the people railing on you for being stupid. Yes, it was a stupid move and you said as much yourself. But you learn and you move on. Ignorance and lack of experience are one kind of "stupid" we all have to go through at some point. Don't make the same mistake twice... That is the second and what kind of stupid.
@_date: 2017-12-24 13:27:38
Maybe the early adopter wave is a bit exhausted, while some of the big players (exchanges) have yet to implement Segwit. 
Once Core comes out with UI support for it (shortly), I will be using it.
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:07:05
I can't give a timeline for the Lightning Network, but I can say it was stalled with the uncertainly about Segwit and so it noticeably accelerated after Segwit deployed. Personally I expect the Lightning Network to start being used in the real world in 2018.
A new paper was released about introducing a layer between blockchain and the Lightning Network to make it even more powerful, flexible and efficient. That is still fairly far off though, just in the initial research stage.
Also, there are other things in the works such as Schnorr signatures (for more efficient and smaller transactions involving multiple signatures) and MAST (think smart contracts with privacy and compression of the logic to only the parts necessary to execute the actual transaction... All unused contingent cases in the original smart contract do not need to be put on the blockchain).
There is work being done to improve privacy on multiple levels. I don't know the official terms off the top of my head, but google Dandelion transaction propagation, and zero knowledge proofs and something about much more compact range proofs.
There you have it: an unofficial roadmap from an observer and not a contributor.
@_date: 2017-12-26 23:12:22


Your "conservative" number is way off. Is black also white in your world?
Fees should go down somewhat as some of the load will move to LN.
@_date: 2017-12-26 23:10:13
Target model is not substantially different than running a Bitcoin node today.


What kind of nonsense FUD is that? You can close your channels anytime. And you can transact on the base layer anytime, whether you use LN and have channels open or not. If you think LN is the devil, just don't use it.
@_date: 2017-12-29 07:25:12
DAGs don't do the same job. Your transactions become part of the DAG forever and are public. LN handles transactions directly peer to peer or through a chain of peers, and does not save them on the chain (only the final settling transaction makes it onto the chain). This is far better for everyday payments, privacy, and scalability.
@_date: 2017-12-29 12:45:08
Monero is great. I use it to anonymize my Bitcoin. ;)
Seriously, though, its blockchain is already quite bloated. It will never natively do the job that even Bitcoin without the LN can do for transaction load.
@_date: 2017-12-06 14:43:51
Who's your real baby? The girl, or the money? IMHO the girl is a lot more fun to HODL ��
Seriously, your decision should be based on how good your relationship is with her. If you think she's the one, just go for it. Money comes and goes. Keep your promise. And then tell her that you will both invest regularly in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-30 05:41:40
No drugs.
Privacy is a human right. Privacy for daily payments is actually more important to me than for, say, a house purchase which is already pretty much public record. Native Bitcoin blockchain transactions are not good for privacy unless you take extreme measures concealing both ends.
@_date: 2017-12-01 04:50:11
I predict in 2018. Development was slow because Segwit was being stonewalled by the miners. Now that Segwit activated, LN development has picked up its pace quite a bit. A lot of specs are fully implemented and it is being tested.
@_date: 2017-12-29 12:42:31
Here's the problem with Monero: chain bloat.
@_date: 2018-05-08 04:01:26
I'm halfway on board with you, but peak oil (in which I was a big believer) turned out to be a big miscalculation. It's still true as a concept that there will be a peak in oil supply/demand and similarly with energy, but it seems to keep getting delayed by advances in technology. So I'm not currently worried about it, though I still think we are terribly wasteful with energy and should be jumpstarting a sustainable way of life much faster than we are.
In a peak energy recession, fiat will certainly not fare any better, by the way... so cryptos may still have value.
@_date: 2018-05-08 03:58:22


Most Bitcoin Core nodes do no mining.
Many if not most Bitcoin Core nodes are run for the benefit of the person running them: to know for sure that their transactions are valid. Many are also "altruistically" run to help the network be more decentralized.
I get your point of distinction: BTC could still be BTC if Bitcoin Core went away and was replaced with another client. It doesn't need a "reference client"... However, in point of fact it does have one, as almost all if not absolutely all cryptocurrencies do. Bitcoin Core currently is the code that enforces/runs the consensus rules accepted by the vast majority of the network. In practical terms, right now, Bitcoin Core is not that separable from Bitcoin itself.
Naming is important, of course. Bitcoin is Bitcoin, the cryptocurrency, and "Bitcoin Core" is not a coin, it is the software that is most commonly used to run/confirm/enforce Bitcoin as defined by the consensus of those running it.
@_date: 2014-06-27 18:36:12
You have to accept the fact that Bitcoin is not a widely accepted currency (yet).  In most cases, you will start with dollars and your recipient will need to end up with their local currency.
Western Union fees vary, but let's take $12 as a baseline.  Then, you have to factor in whatever premium they charge for the money conversion on the other end.  It varies from place to place, but I would estimate at least a 2% premium.
On the Bitcoin side, you basically have negligible charge to send the money.  But you pay the premium for converting $ to Bitcoin and then Bitcoin to the recipient's local currency.  I can get $ -&gt; Bitcoin for about a 1-2% premium, but in my recipient's country, the premium is higher, and the market price for Bitcoin is not always favorable.
Basically, it depends.  You have to do the math.  Sometimes you have to do the math each time you do the transfer, based on market prices, and it still can be a difference of just a few dollars.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:16:36
Use paper wallets.
@_date: 2014-01-10 03:04:01
It's stabilized pretty nicely (relative to previous periods) in the last month or so.
Once the first few bubbles of investors (*speculators*cough*cough*) come and go, and it gradually grows in actual use in the marketplace as a currency, I see no reason why it should be any more volatile than any other currency.
Most of the volatility at this point is people jumping in on the bandwagon.  That lasts for a month or two, then things get quiet (and relatively stable) for months at a time.  Each period of volatility is relatively less than the previous one.  In 2011 the crash was 15x ($30 to $2).  The next crash in early 2013 was 5x ($250 to $50).  Both were followed by relatively long periods of much less volatility.  Our most recent crash was 2x ($1200 to about $600) and has stabilized in the $800-900 range now.  As you can see, though there is still volatility, the trend is for less and less volatility as the currency matures and market penetration spreads.
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:29:59
I'm not fully disagreeing with you, but just pointing out the sliding scale again. If you look at today's numbers, yes, it's absurd to complain about growing the blocks.
But if you look at what it would take to get to where we want to go, it will require big, centralized data centers... as time goes on, fewer and fewer will likely be running them.
Somewhere before we get to that other extreme end of the scale, we need to make some adjustments. The sooner, the better, actually.
@_date: 2017-08-20 03:47:36
You're welcome. Sorry no easy answers!
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:43:43
Means I can swap my X litecoins for your Y bitcoins, atomically (in one secure operation-- it either transfers both, or neither).
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:22:03
You transact on chain when you settle your channel. It finalizes the (many) off-chain transactions you made and sends the final sum to the parties.
Bitcoin blockchain backs up the channel and enforces its proper use. If one party tries to run off with the funds, the transaction is brought down to the blockchain and doesn't allow it.
One-off transactions with people not reachable on the lightning network, or for amounts beyond what you have committed to the channel beforehand, will still happen on-chain. There are other use cases where you want to use regular on-chain transactions. Read the paper, if you're really interested: 
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:18:55


Agreed... but now I keep hearing people on r/bitcoin insist that there is no need to grow the block size for the foreseeable future. It makes sense (to me) to go with the 2x increase in November. Let's do it and put it behind us, and then move forward on the 2nd-layer solutions and the on-chain efficiency improvements.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:58:59
Um, actually, enough people are angry enough that they have already left. Ever heard of Bitcoin Cash?
Bad actors or not, it seems a planned hard fork to increase the block size is already overdue.
@_date: 2017-08-03 19:46:14
I wouldn't call it that. Depends on your definition of "on-chain"? I define it as one transaction being recorded on the chain.
LN lets you conduct instant transactions-- many of them-- without recording them all to the blockchain. After some time, you close the channel and the final tally is recorded on the chain.  So part of it is on-chain, but it allows you to fit many more transactions into one (technically, two). It also allows you to avoid writing down every single one of them forever on the immutable blockchain. Once the final total is written down, you can forget about the individual sub-transactions that went into it. The network only records and cares about the final tally.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:19:21
Here's the problem, and why the community is splitting.
Small blockers say, "First Segwit, and then maybe later we'll do a block size increase."
Big blockers say, "First we increase the block size, and then maybe later we'll do 2nd-layer projects like SegWit."
It's a matter of preference and priorities. But saying "maybe later" to the other side sounds like a stalling tactic. This is one reason why people have dug in to their extreme positions.
Software engineering involves tradeoffs. At this point, I just don't buy that a 2X base layer increase will be dangerous. The miners are already centralized, and we need a separate solution for that. 2X isn't going to hurt that much in that area.
I'm over on r/btc insisting that we need to explore the 2nd-layer solutions ASAP, and I'm here on r/bitcoin insisting that a 2X base layer increase won't kill us and it may help take the wind out of the sails of the extreme big blockers who started Bitcoin Cash.  Maybe 2X is actually too little, too late to bring them back in, but we're going to need it eventually anyways, just as Bitcoin Cash is eventually going to need 2nd-layer solutions.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:18:44
It's being developed actively by several teams. One team's website is at 
It's available and works on testnet. As with anything financial, it has to be done right, so they're not in a rush to get it on mainnet yet (as much as I would like it to be out *now*). I don't know their roadmap, but it does look like good progress is being made.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:30:50
There may not be a huge urgency to it, but it will be need eventually, and it's not harmful to do it in 3 months. Why dig our heels in now? Are we trying to be stubborn to make a point? "You aren't the boss of me... I'll go take my nap when **I** want to..."?
@_date: 2017-08-31 20:04:18
Awesome, thanks for the link!
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:20:22
They're not all ready, and some require more testing and development. If we could just snap our fingers and make it so, we would.
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:29:05
I don't dispute the possibility of the death spiral. But it is a very extreme outcome, very unlikely. 
So far all predictions by those expecting BTC to die have failed.
I don't know what will happen, but I don't see any good reasons to panic or to believe BCH will topple BTC anytime soon. BTC price crashing? Has happened many times before. "*Perhaps maybe* BCH gets pumped"? If BTC is crashing hard, I bet BCH will too (crypto coin prices usually crash hard together when a real hard crash is underway).
It would have to be a very unusual situation, probably motivated by a serious flaw in BTC, for BTC to be crashing and BCH to be rising. A lot of people were hoping to FUD their way into this situation with the "chain death spiral" theory, trying to scare investors into bailing out of BTC. But it hasn't come true, and BTC is not fazed.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:03:03
Bitcoin is an elegant solution to the problem of having a completely decentralized ledger.
However, it pays for that with extreme redundancy. EVERY node in the world needs to see and store EVERY transaction for the rest of time. (Some optimizations may come, but right now that's how it is designed.) It simply doesn't scale linearly as the big-blockers think. This is CompSci basic stuff.
LN lets you collapse an *unlimited number* of instant, private Bitcoin transactions,  sent back and forth between parties securely over a long period of time, down into just *two transactions* on-chain at final channel closing time. It *multiplies* the effectiveness of the elegant but rather inefficient base Bitcoin layer.
Basically, it makes the dream of competing with VISA in both cost, speed and scale an actual possibility.
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:15:11
I ran some numbers on the other extreme end of the scale, in the other thread on this topic in r/btc.  Mainly to show the absurdity of having to process and store every single tiny transaction for 5 billion hoped-for Bitcoin users on the earth.
Sorry, it's late and I'm running out of steam, so I won't repeat it here.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:02:36
That's the argument made by many. If so, and the transactions have to live on the chain forever, then I won't ever be able to use Bitcoin for everyday purchases. It's as simple as that.
The alternative is to use Bitcoin to back up the 2nd-layer solutions that will allow me to make these everyday purchases, and settle the final totals, say, monthly on the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-08-30 02:24:19
You commit a certain amount of money into the channel. That limits how much you can spend in that channel (up to that amount). At the beginning, too, LN will limit the total amount you are allowed to put in, just as a safety measure. They will raise the limits later. You can recharge the channel by getting someone to send you back money down that channel.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:43:17
The analogy fails because the block size limit is not even remotely comparable to the coin limit.
Don't we all agree that the block size does need to be raised eventually? It's a question of timing more than anything.
On the other hand, though you try to make the case, I have never heard anyone seriously propose changing the coin limit.
If the block size limit was being used as a bargaining chip to get SegWit, well, we got SegWit. Time to give up the bargaining chip.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:18:11
Simple math.
It is estimated there are about 2 million Bitcoin users. If each one set up a LN channel that lasted a month, every month, that is 2 transactions (one to open, one to close, if I understand correctly). That is 4 million transactions per month, or almost 1000 additional transactions per block. Of course, these channels may offload some on-chain transactions, but most likely they would just enable transactions that were previously unfeasible due to high fees, etc. So you have to add 1000 transactions per block on top of (almost) the current number.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:45:38
I know there is politics involved, but the level of political animus has risen far beyond what seems necessary. I'm not making Bitcoin political, it already is, but I'm asking that both sides step down a bit from their extreme positions and work on what is best for the whole.
@_date: 2017-08-03 19:12:55
It makes sense to increase the block size soon. Maybe it's not *absolutely* necessary now, but better to have it in place than rush it at the last minute.
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:14:06
"Loyal" miners who stick with one chain, among other things.
@_date: 2017-08-23 12:36:13
Just to be generous toward the skeptical side with my assumptions.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:18:46
How is promoting Segwit2X (as I do) just belching out the Core narrative? I'm trying to prod both sides a bit.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:45:59
Thanks... the effort required to do this is why I have remained largely a lurker for about 4-5 years and will probably go back to that soon. I just felt like a moderate voice needs to be heard at this point... maybe it's too little, too late.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:13:36
So are you saying I shouldn't be able to use Bitcoin at all unless I make all my individual transactions on-chain?
If Bitcoin and a second layer *allows* me to make transactions on a side channel, and settle on the chain, what's wrong with that? Why would anyone not want to have this choice? How does this destroy trust in the Bitcoin on-chain transactions that others choose to continue to do?
Maybe I am misunderstanding you?
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:44:19
This account username checks out, especially looking at the comment history.
This user is spamming random r/bitcoin posts with links only loosely related to the topic (or completely unrelated). The link above has been posted several times in the last few hours.
Methinks the r/btc troll army is active, trying to rope in unsuspecting noobs.
@_date: 2017-08-03 14:38:26
I'm actually not that new to Bitcoin. Been around a bit. It's just frustrating to see the community split like this.
I do get your point, but at what point is a "moderate" like me supposed to stand up and speak out? If we don't say something, the extreme voices will win.
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:50:39
How much will the cost of anything be when supply is increased?
It's impossible to tell in advance. The only thing that can be predicted with good certainty is that if demand is less elastic than supply, the price will go down by some unknown amount.
How many times will you ask this un-answerable question?
[How many bitcointalk.org accounts have you bought](
How many reddit accounts do you control?
Just asking questions. ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-29 23:38:01
Don't poke the Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:57:22
Would love to hear the details of how this would be done. Especially without tickling the sensitivities of those who objected so loudly about deleting signatures because SegWit moves them to a different part of the block and makes them optional to download.
Not trying to be too overly cynical here... I really would like to hear how it could work out.
@_date: 2017-08-16 17:00:08
I'll stay with Core either way. I just wish Core wasn't so afraid of a 2X base block weight increase. It's my fear that a fork is already scheduled to happen and it will cause more damage to Bitcoin than a 2X block increase.
Edit: I have defended Core and you in other discussions. So I'm really on the same side as you. Just letting you know I think the block size increase won't hurt; we need it soon anyways; and why not do it in November to avoid another fork?
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:34:45
Exactly! And there are other 2nd-layer solutions which I am eagerly awaiting.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:48:57


This is hand-waving and a risky way to plan for the future. Companies have gone under by making assumptions about the availability of cheap storage over time, when those assumptions didn't pan out in the last 5-10 years.
There are network scalability issues also. Read more about some of them from the Core developers. I agree with them for the most part, but I do think they are being overly worried regarding the 2X in Segwit2X. That kind of modest increase should be well within the capacity of the network to adapt to.
@_date: 2017-08-03 21:12:30
Good idea... perhaps? But it is going to change the Bitcoin base layer, whereas maybe some transactions don't *need* to get recorded in the Bitcoin base layer to begin with?
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:42:41
That's not the point. No one decides for you. If LN exists, you still get to decide whether you transact on chain or off chain. But some of us would like to have the choice to use LN if we want to. I'm talking about increasing choice, not decreasing it.
As a side effect, though, the smaller (higher-volume) transactions would tend to move off-chain, and this would cause less congestion on the chain.
@_date: 2017-08-22 21:06:09
Absolutely, but also not immediate. Lightning *scales* transaction volume on a whole new dimension. Will require adoption by the ecosystem.
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:12:15
Bullish for Blockstream conspiracy-theorists.
As others have pointed out, LN is not Blockstream. (Muddy thinking is normal for conspiracy theorists.) There are multiple, independent open-source implementations of the LN. Blockstream has NO WAY to monetize LN except by running LN nodes like *anyone else can*.
I'd be happy to consider actual evidence suggesting that Blockstream will somehow gain rent or special profit from LN. But I doubt you can provide it.
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:55:48
Agree to some extent, but the dream at the beginning when Bitcoin first burst on the scene was that Bitcoin would "take over the world" and be used anywhere and anytime we currently use any other payment solution.
Since then it has become obvious that the system doesn't scale to that level of usage, at least not as it stands now. Also, it now seems ridiculous to use the current system (with replication across ALL nodes and keeping the transactions forever) for tiny purchases such as our coffee as an example. That is why many have started exploring options to extend the reach of the base layer through second-layer solutions, which can still use native Bitcoins and provide many of their benefits, but at the same time be more efficient on the blockchain, more private, and so on.
The dream has not died; it's just become obvious that there is a lot more work to do to make it come true.
@_date: 2017-08-28 23:02:41
We will both see as time passes.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:19:20
Agree. I favor Core bumping the base block weight limit 2X, and I don't see why they can't do it by November. All their arguments notwithstanding, I don't think it would be a big problem.
I *don't* favor a separate, contentious hard fork by another team, without replay protection. 
Since Core won't bump the block size, I'm OK *for now* sticking with Core and I think it's dangerous to push for the other Segwit2X fork.
Either way... I just wish for consensus and avoiding another split.
My ideal world: Core goes along with 2X.
Less preferable: Segwit2X supporters see that it will cause a bad fork, and give it up.
Worst case: Segwit2X forks off and causes chaos in the market and the community. (I know this is what the BCH supporters want the most-- so they will be trying to make sure this outcome happens.)
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:23:01
It's up and running, and has been, on testnet.
I'm hot to trot and would love to try it out on mainnet. But I understand why devs want to test it to death first-- any failure will be seen as a disaster and discredit the whole project.
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:15:46
Is this true? Can you point me to this thread?
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:22:59
Agree about the 2X though. I like a 2X hard fork and I think it is needed sooner rather than later. I would love Core to join the 2X increase in November.
But if they won't (and I doubt they will change their minds), I'm not confident enough in the current Segwit2X team and implementation to risk it. I'd rather have the current Segwit2X team back down from creating yet another damaging fork (without replay protection it has the potential to be far worse than the BCH fork).
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:59:52
"Some" have argued that the 1MB limit is already too high... but I don't see how that makes any sense except as an effort to move the Overton window away from those who want an immediate scaling to 32MB or some crazy extreme on the other end.
Three months should be plenty of time to prepare, test and roll out a 2X increase. I have paid attention to the discussions here for years, and I don't buy that hard forks have to be that scary.
What could happen? Some nodes that fail to upgrade will get stuck at the last &lt;= 1MB block until they upgrade?
Are we afraid of the quadratic hashing issue? Put in some sane limit on the number of inputs on a transaction, such that we have at worst the current worst-case of a 10 second block validation time.
Are we afraid of more miner centralization? Isn't that already a problem today? What can we do about that other than start making our own ASICs and setting up more mining pools? Yes, this is a problem, but it's already a problem today and it needs a different solution.
Tell me, what other fears are there?
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:17:53
No one is saying I will decide for everyone. I'd rather have the *choice* to transact on-chain if I want, or off-chain and settle later. Would you say that having such a choice is a bad thing?
@_date: 2017-08-02 19:22:45
Coinbase initially just said they would not support Bitcoin Cash. Later they said, if they ever changed their mind and decided to support it, they would give users their Bitcoin Cash equivalent to the amount of Bitcoin that said users had on Coinbase at the time of the split.
In other words, they won't keep it if they decide to support trading it, but will return it to the owners.
I can understand their position-- they may not have had the software ready to make the required changes in such a short time. Don't compare to other exchanges, because some other exchanges have more experience dealing with 10s or even 100s of alt-coins, whereas Coinbase hasn't gone beyond a handful.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:45:52
Technically, you are wrong. Everything has its natural limits. Even if artificial limits are removed or moved up, eventually, natural limits will constrain the system. There are always tradeoffs.
You often need a new system, or a system that moves to a new level of abstraction or sophistication, to minimize the tradeoffs and maximize the benefits. This is Computer Science 101. Linear scaling only takes you so far.
@_date: 2017-08-10 04:32:02
Most big blockers and small blockers I read or talk to end up moderately in agreement... I think it ends up as a matter of differing priorities... Big blockers say, "Increase block size now, look for long-term scaling solutions maybe later." Small blockers say, "I know we need a raw bigger block size later, but first let's find ways to do the most with what we have now by pushing hard for other scaling solutions." You can probably tell which one I favor. Though a bit of both can't hurt, right? That's why I'm for Segwit2x.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:58:45
Exactly why we need to scale on-chain at the same time.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:08:40


Well, LN will eventually need the added capacity. I see it as actually avoiding a rushed decision. If we wait until usage *actually* gets too high instead of looking ahead and preparing for  it, we *will* have to rush out a hard fork.
@_date: 2017-08-24 03:22:47
As long as a cryptocoin has any value, even speculative value (which is all the value many of them seem to have), then someone will mine that coin and it will at least limp along, never really dying.
As long as there are disagreements between humans about how to run things (and Bitcoin has proven this human tendency recently all too sharply) there will be competing implementations, competing coins, with competing approaches and ideas. There are winner-take-all network effects in many fields, and I think cryptocurrency will tend to have a winner-dominates network effect. But there are enough tenacious supporters of each alt-coin that are *invested* (literally) in their coin to the point where they won't give it up and will keep it alive.
@_date: 2017-08-23 12:39:04
Tuesday came and went. Hashpower is not leaving due to ASIC Boost.
Hashpower follows the profitable chain. It moved to BCH for a while because of the crazy low difficulty and the pump in the price. Then after the difficulty skyrocketed, hashpower is moving back to BTC. Who would have thunk it? The system is working as intended. Oscillating a bit but tending toward equilibrium where a proportional amount of hashpower is alloted to each coin based on their price. **Mining follows price!**
@_date: 2017-08-03 22:40:42
Not if they were conducted off-chain with LN.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:33:55
Stay with your slow Bitcoin transactions, if you prefer. I'll move ahead with lightning-fast LN.
How little imagination you have (or else what a big agenda you have). Again, Bitcoin is great but it's not the end of history. Feel free to stay behind, though.
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:54:47
Some places to read:
* 
* 
* 
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:15:34
I don't have the answers, but I *can* see them from here. It looks to me like we need both on-chain and off-chain scaling... if we could stop fighting about which goes first, and just go ahead on both. Segwit2X.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:12:39


Appreciate the sentiment. I don't think name calling helps anyone.


I completely agree. I'm on the record as wishing Core would just go along with the 2X increase in November.
The LN devs themselves estimated it would take blocks of 133MB on the base layer for the Lightning Network to properly serve the world's population. For comparison, though, they estimated that without the LN, the base layer blocks would have to be 2-3GB (2000-3000MB) in size to handle the needs of a similar sized population!
Of course we are a LONG way from that. I would like linear scaling on the base layer but I don't think it's enough by itself. I may chafe at Core's conservativeness on the block size issue, but it's actually an asset in terms of stability and safety of the Bitcoin network and code base overall.
I'm excited to try out the LN and I'm installing lnd on my home server right now. I know it will take a while to reach widespread use, but in my opinion if/when it does, then Bitcoin will scale much better than if we went down the road of block size increases only.
@_date: 2017-08-22 23:22:56
Great short video. LN enables entirely new use cases for Bitcoin and makes possible the dream we had at the beginning, of using Bitcoin for everyday purchases.
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:21:16
metalzip is partly right.
Bitcoin set out with the dream of replacing VISA (at least, that was what a lot of us dreamed about in the early days) but it became very clear that it wasn't designed to do that. Its high levels of redundancy are great for security and enable us to have a trustless, peer-to-peer network. This is vital for some of the other amazing properties of Bitcoin that VISA can never offer (censorship resistance, irrevocable transactions, etc.)
However, this redundancy doesn't scale to VISA levels without costs that far exceed the costs of the VISA network. Turns out centralization allows for a lot of efficiency. Distributed redundant systems are really hard to coordinate and hard to scale linearly. This is all basic comp sci stuff.
That's not to say that we can't scale linearly somewhat. I'm on the record as wanting a 2X base block weight increase. We need some linear scaling, but it's not going to take us to world domination.
Instead we have to be a bit more clever. Some people call this "too complex" but then again, your car is far more complex now than the horse and buggy, isn't it?
Using the clever innovations in LN, we can *leverage* the base Bitcoin layer to scale on a whole new dimension, that of high transaction *volume*. We still need linear scaling of the base layer if we want to onboard far more users, but this allows that scaling to be multiplied, and opens up many more use cases.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:16:21
Because SegWit was the vehicle for fixing several issues that had to be fixed for these to be rolled out. And SegWit was blocked by the miners for a long time.
@_date: 2017-08-04 18:08:43
It has, but the Lightning Network still needs work, namely in the part that helps set up the chain of channels necessary to make it possible to open just a few channels and yet be able to pay almost anyone I want to pay.
The first-mover advantage of Bitcoin, and the fact that I HODL some bitcoin, is why I prefer that this be brought to Bitcoin. And it's coming.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:49:47
How about a third option? Namely: I want to buy coffee and a lot of other small things with real Bitcoin, locked up in a channel, and then settle the final tally onto the blockchain once a month. I keep greater privacy for my daily transactions, get to use Bitcoin for them, and scale two on-chain transactions out to many more off-chain transactions, in a trustless manner. Win/win.
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:36:38


Care to elaborate on this claim? I challenge you to provide some evidence.
The main scaling solution, LN, is being implemented in different open-source projects by at least three independent teams. AFAIK, there are no Core developers working on these LN teams. (I could be wrong... but show me the evidence.)
@_date: 2017-08-16 03:39:25
Hm, OP just deletes his original post? Very suspicious. I call most likely FUD.
BUT... on the offchance I am wrong, or anyone else sees the title and wants to have a helpful answer, here is mine:
* Don't expect to do what you want to do (a large amount of transactions) without some time or some extra fees. Dude, if you are lucky enough to have enough BTC to cause you to have to pay 1BTC total in fees to split it up into smaler-denomination paper wallets, consider yourself lucky! I did some back-of-the-envelope math and you are really loaded. Unless you are trying to split them up into really TINY paper wallets... which just doesn't make sense. As someone who has worked with paper wallets before, I don't think it's worth the effort. (Another reason to suspect this is FUD. If I was that loaded I wouldn't complain so much about a mere 1BTC!)
* Don't use Gemini or Breadwallet. Use Electrum or a full node or any other wallet that lets you set the fees yourself.
* Set lower fees and have a bit of patience. Paper wallets are slow anyways. You can afford to wait a bit.
* Use multi-output transactions. E.g. in one transaction, you could split a 10BTC paper wallet into 10 wallets with 1BTC each (minus fees-- maybe you can bring the fee in from another input). Saves bigtime on fees. Again, you need to use something like Electrum.
* You don't have to split it up so tiny... Try paper wallets in varying denominations.
* Finally, I think the root of your loss is incorrect handling of the paper wallets themselves. Print 3 copies of each, and keep them in 3 separate, secure physical locations. I've been around a bit. Murphy's Law strikes when you are not prepared, but Murphy somehow knows to avoid you when you are ready. It's ironic.
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:21:46
Yeah, somehow I replied twice... once from my phone (the short comment) and later from my computer.
Wish things weren't so political in Bitcoin-land, but I have come to accept that it is the way things are.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:50:16
Good. I'm just saying, maybe I should have the choice to transact in Bitcoin on the second layer, and not have my coffee transactions be stored individually as history on the base layer in the first place.
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:20:44
Of course. I'm just citing numbers that the LN team threw out as the ultimate goal for scaling to the world (eventually). No way we will be getting there in the next few years.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:27:00
Well, the Lightning Network or other similar off-chain transaction mechanisms that eventually settle to the chain, help scalability by moving minor transactions (like coffee, or a haircut) off the chain and only settling them periodically. We still need to scale the base layer a lot more, but it will go a lot farther with layer 2 solutions which basically act as a scaling layer multiplying the number of transactions that an on-chain transaction can represent. This will of course mean lower fees in general, bringing it within the reach of a lot more people for a lot more everyday use cases.
And that, will spur adoption and thus the price of Bitcoin to soar even higher. That's what I suspect both big blockers and small blockers want, in addition to the other things that make Bitcoin great.
@_date: 2017-08-02 12:43:11
This is the guide for the lazy bum generation who would rather watch the next video on their phones than get up and do something even moderately hard. Yeah, I know it's not everyone in this generation, but the message is still the same. If you want to get ahead, it will take luck PLUS the ambition and drive to take action when you see the opportunity!
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:03:00
I like your analogy-- why can't the houses have both?
It is tragic (and comical, but tragically so) to watch the subreddits go after each other and misunderstand each other so much. I have to admit you're right, there probably are bad actors behind them, whipping them up and egging it all on. It's hard not to wonder, why can't more of us step up a level higher and see that this is going on?
@_date: 2017-08-15 16:12:55
In Bitcoin, you can conceptualize having "accounts" that are actually just numbers. The "public address" or just "Bitcoin address" is like your username or email address. You give it to people so they can send you money.  The "private key" is basically like a password. You can only *spend* the money in your "account" by using the private key.
Most wallets hide the private keys from you for security reasons, and just handle them under the hood. But for security reasons, you have to have those somehow backed up (so you don't lose access) and secure from others hacking or seeing them (so they don't spend your money).
The "seed phrase" is something the Bitcoin community came up with. There is an algorithm that derives your private keys starting from the seed phrase. This is repeatable, so as long as you have the "seed phrase" backed up, you can get access to your funds. But conversely, anyone who gets it can also get access to ALL your private keys!
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:15:29
Swearing seems to be a debate strategy nowadays...
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:19:59
How do you know if my so-called "fence-riding" is false? Are you a mind-reader? I started out on bitcointalk.org six years ago and have been following both sides of the debate for quite some time.
*You* say, my support for 2X says I don't care for Bitcoin at all. Again, are you a mind reader? I care deeply about Bitcoin. Please stop attributing malicious intentions with no evidence. We can disagree about what we think is good for Bitcoin, but disagreement does not imply lack of desire to better Bitcoin.
I'm convinced based on my *own* reasoning and analysis that Bitcoin will soon need to increase the base block size. Especially if adoption continues to increase, as anyone who "really cares about Bitcoin" is probably hoping for.
I'm also convinced that a 2X increase would not harm Bitcoin. This is based on my own observations, calculations, and informed by experts on various sides (who often disagree with each other, thus the need for me to draw my own conclusions after hearing their various arguments).
Now, I'm trying to convince you of the same. Or at least, that you consider it and try to understand the reasoning behind it. Also reconsider whether a hard fork is really as scary as it has been made out to sound. A simple hard fork should not be that bad. What is it that we are really afraid of? What is the worst that could realistically happen? Ask yourself those questions and investigate the answers for yourself.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:20:02
(edit: my post was duplicated so I deleted one copy)


**Summary:** The LN is like the Internet. It routes around damage. Payments are routed through LN like packets are routed through the Internet. But LN is actually more dynamic in its topography, and more censorship-resistant, than the Internet itself.
**Detailed answer:**
Glad to help you understand, if I can. Let's get the first thing out of the way. Gavin A is an expert, but experts disagree. I listen to experts but eventually when they disagree I have to do my own research and my own thinking to decide who is right. Also, Gavin has an agenda (not that others don't; but if you take his agenda into account, you might see why he would speak against the LN).
Now for centralization. LN actually does nothing *to* Bitcoin at all. Bitcoin is still Bitcoin, the way it is now. LN is a layer *on top of* Bitcoin, which leverages the trustless properties of Bitcoin multisig transactions and hash time lock contracts and other features, to build a secure channel between peers. Then, LN has *its own, separate* peer-to-peer network of these peers and their channels, which it uses to *trustlessly* route payments from Alice to Dave through Bob, Charlie or anyone else that is on the network.
The centralization that people are afraid of is that certain hubs might become huge and the network will only be able to find routes through these centralized hubs. *This is only speculation at this point.* Since the LN doesn't yet exist, we can't prove what will happen or won't happen.
However, we can examine the properties of the hubs and the network as envisioned, and see if it is similar to other networks that either centralize or maintain a more loose decentralized layout.
I've read the papers, looked at the developers' discussion groups, and actually played around with the testnet version of LN. Again although that doesn't prove anything, it gives me a feel for how it might work.
The best analogy I can come up with for how this is going to work is the Internet itself. The Internet is designed to continue operating even if some part of the network is damaged. It finds another route and sends the packet through that route. In fact, at any given time, your packets could go through different routes, and it's pretty resilient. The LN is designed to route payments like the Internet routes packets. If one node goes offline or becomes compromised, the payment can go through a different route with no problem.
Even the Internet has problems though. The main chokepoint for the Internet is your local ISPs. Because of geographical and physical constraints, it only makes sense for there to be 1 or 2 wires going to your house. This leads to a natural monopoly or duopoly on last-mile connections. However, the LN is actually *better* than the Internet in this regard. You can make that first channel connection with *anyone* in the world. There is no geographical or physical factor that leads to such a natural monopoly on those connections.
The other thing is that the barriers to entry for hubs/nodes in the Lightning Network are very low. It's roughly similar to the costs for running a full Bitcoin node today, plus some capital to open the channels. But you won't need as much capital as some naysayers think, because the connections are currently limited in size (Bitcoin amount) by design and to prevent major losses in case of bugs in the early versions of the system. This will actually still work fine, because LN is designed to handle small payments anyways. You won't be sending $5000 around on the LN anytime soon. You'll continue to use the base Bitcoin layer for that.
Finally, again better than the Internet itself, channels can be quickly opened and closed between nodes on the network. Unlike the Internet, where a new connection between hops on the network requires physical infrastructure, these are all virtual links, so they can be set up and destroyed as needed. If a hub finds itself not well connected to certain parts of the network, it can open a channel in minutes and solve that problem.
Because of these factors, I am pretty sure that the Lightning Network will be much *less* centralized than the Internet itself, and more like a mesh network. It's clearly more dynamic and adaptable than the raw physical infrastructure of the Internet.
The final analogy I want to make is to the Bitcoin peer-to-peer network itself. In fact, the peer-to-peer part of the LN looks very similar to the peer-to-peer part of Bitcoin. The main difference is that in the Bitcoin base layer, when you make a transaction, you broadcast it to the *entire* network. In LN, it finds a route through the peer-to-peer network and only sends it along those peers. This is why LN is so much more efficient and scalable. You could make a rough analogy saying that Bitcoin is like UDP (when used for broadcasting packets) and LN is more like TCP.
In case that's not enough, there's even TOR routing for the LN, so that each node doesn't know anything more than the previous and next node in the route.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:58:11
Why does it have to be either/or? Especially if insisting on one before the other is breaking the community apart?
@_date: 2017-08-24 04:52:16
I think each exchange node will set their own rate, on terms that they want. Then your route chooses the best/cheapest one available.
EDIT: each individual node may have its own slightly different rate depending on how much LTC or BTC they have tied up in their channels. Let's say my exchange node has a deficit of BTC in its channels and an excess of LTC. Then I would be wise to set my exchange rate to encourage BTC -&gt; LTC to come in, that is, a little more favorable than the reverse rate (LTC -&gt; BTC) and a little more favorable than competing nodes. This helps me maintain balance in my channels.  With this playing out across many exchange nodes, it means the market pricing will almost adjust itself on each node based on supply and demand in the network. Kind of like happens with the current exchanges and really any market. If there is suddenly more demand for BTC than the exchange nodes currently on the network can support with their balances in their channels, there will be enough of a price gap or premium to incentivize those nodes to acquire BTC from other sources to rebalance their outgoing BTC channels, and/or open new channels, etc. This puts upward pressure on BTC price that flows out to the rest of the non-LN market.
TL;DR: Prices on exchange nodes will be brought into equilibrium by normal market forces like any other exchange.
@_date: 2017-08-10 04:20:36
Hey, miners generate revenue and are incentivized by fees. Yet they make Bitcoin possible.
Yes, centralization in mining is an issue. Centralization of hubs in LN could also be an issue, but the barriers to entry are a lot lower, so there's bound to be more competition in that space.
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:28:21
I think Core guys have been backed into a corner in some respects, and have their own priorities while not acknowledging others' priorities enough. Not stalling out of maliciousness, but still, stalling.
@_date: 2017-08-18 12:50:26
One of Bitcoin's best use cases is for international remittance. I know people who have used it to send money overseas because of the hassle and cost of the existing system. Currently, though, it is mostly those who are already into Bitcoin. There is still friction in the system: the entry and exit points. You have to buy Bitcoin your home country's currency, and your recipient has to have an account in an exchange in their home country. Fees on either end are usually lower than the non Bitcoin alternatives, so once it is set up it is usually better/cheaper/faster. But there is room for companies like those mentioned in the article to handle all that for consumers who don't have it set up.
I read somewhere that banks have started using Bitcoin for their own (much larger) cross border money transfers. The example I seem to remember was Shinhan Bank of Korea using it to transfer money into China.
Then of course, when r/btc gets wind of this, they'll turn it into a huge conspiracy theory about banks"taking over" Bitcoin, like they did with AXA when news came out that they were looking at using Bitcoin for remittances. To me this is a natural use of Bitcoin and should be encouraged. Rather than hurting Bitcoin, it makes Bitcoin stronger and more in-demand.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:11:47
I think your interpretation of the facts is very twisted.


If you're referring to SegWit, most if not all of the "concerns" I've heard from the conspiracy theorists are easily debunked.
If you're referring to Lightning Network, LN is built on top of the blockchain and doesn't alter the blockchain itself. It can run on any blockchain with certain properties/capabilities.


I know you're referring to keeping the conservative cap on the block size. Here I'm only half in agreement with you. I think the block size needs to increase soon. But linear scaling only takes you so far-- that's CompSci 101. At some point you need a different abstraction or architecture to break through fundamental limitations in an earlier design. This is what LN does.
For reference, the LN presentation mentions that for every person on earth to be able to use the LN, we'll need 133MB blocks. Obviously we're nowhere near that on ANY chain. We'll have to scale eventually. But for comparison, for every person on earth to do several transactions daily *on chain*, we'd need 2.4GB (that's 2400MB) blocks!
@_date: 2017-08-11 06:06:58
Heh... BitcoinABC is what... like 99% Core code?
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:22:45
The BCH pushers are out in force today, spamming r/bitcoin and trying to rope in innocent noobs and casual passers-by with their conspiracy theories.
This exact same link has been posted in random r/bitcoin threads multiple times in the last few hours.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:15:06
I'm still not worried about the *potential* for 8MB blocks (remember, unless someone is really messing with the transactions and creating weird blocks, we'll normally have &lt; 4MB blocks).
We already have miner centralization with 1MB blocks. The cause of that is not the size of the blocks, but the nature of ASICs, the cheap factories and electricity in one part of the world, and economies of scale. We need to do something about miner centralization. I agree that HUGE blocks will increase the barriers to entry but I don't think 4MB blocks will make nearly as much impact as the other factors in miner centralization.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:01:54
To scale up to a greater number of users. We may not *need* it right now, today, but it's better to have it ready than to implement it last-minute.
Even Lightning Network, though it offloads some transactions, requires transactions on-chain to set up the channels. If all current Bitcoin users set up a channel and closed it once a month, we would need more room on the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:12:57


I keep hearing people say it was entirely arbitrary. It is not. It was precisely chosen, and the reasoning is here:  
@_date: 2017-08-23 22:03:25
I'm installing the latest release of lnd to test it right now...
I'm sure it won't be more than a few months before Lightning Network starts to become available on the mainnet. Like any network, it will take a while to bootstrap and for vendors to adopt it.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:46:08
I just don't buy that a simple 2X increase is "dangerous."
I'm arguing for overcoming the "contentious" part by bringing more people on board. Some people won't ever change their minds, I guess, and will probably want to keep 1MB blocks until the year 2099. But I don't believe there are that many who won't listen to reasonable arguments.
My best-case scenario, given where we are (already too far) and the limited resources of Core, is that Core eventually signs on to Segwit2X, giving big blockers less reason to continue pushing the Bitcoin Cash hard fork after November. Starting now, the community also focuses on 2nd layer solutions and sidechains that enable all of the functionality we've been talking about and anticipating for years. And hopefully, we gain experience from the 2X bump to know that increasing the block size again (when truly necessary) is not as big of a crazy, scary deal as it has been made out to be.
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:47:03


Technically true, but LN works much better with a fix for transaction malleability, whether this is through SegWit or some other fix.
However, the facts on the ground are that Bitcoin is the one with the SegWit upgrade coming tomorrow, and LN is going to be available on Bitcoin soon thereafter.
The BCH community not only rejected SegWit with tons of FUD, now many in the community are trying to sling the same kind of FUD on LN itself. Well, Bitcoin will forge ahead and we'll see the future soon enough.
@_date: 2017-08-20 03:00:33
I also support a moderate block size increase, *and* SegWit. I will choose Core over a non-Core Segwit2X, though I still wish Core would just get on board with the 2X to avoid yet another chain split.
But I can easily identify the all-big-blocks, all the time, Core-is-evil trolls. Their recent campaign is very obvious, spamming random r/bitcoin threads with irrelevant big-blocker and conspiracy theory links, hoping to rope in some noobs.
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:08:53
It was hidden for some reason. I've been a lurker and reader and occasional commenter on Reddit for years, but not posted very often. I'm not sure why it didn't appear at first. Is it showing up twice now?
I also cross-posted on to see the two subreddits' reactions.
@_date: 2017-08-26 03:35:33
He's right about the campaign, though. I've personally encountered users on several threads pretending to be concerned noobs or trying to seem like they have genuine questions which are worded just right as to cause doubts without sounding too negative. How can I tell it's a campaign? It's a pattern that suddenly showed up and the same users are putting similar questions on different threads even when they got answered elsewhere.
The answer to this is not to complain about it or ban them, though. It's actually an opportunity in disguise. Give them a civil answer with sound reasoning and details. Play their game a bit... Answer them as if they really were curious, slightly concerned noobs. Why is this a good strategy? *Any real noobs will see and get educated*. And you can't be sure the trolls aren't really noobs in every case. Calling someone a troll when they aren't is going to chase them away.
Plus, it makes your arguments stronger. Think of it as training. The war of ideas does have to be fought, and not with insults.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:03:55
Why not a 2nd-layer on Bitcoin? I like Bitcoin and I believe it can have as much privacy as we need with the right additional solutions built on top of the base layer.
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:30:46


Honestly, I haven't heard this argument before. Interesting.


Curious, how would they do that?


OK, I think I get it now.  I'll have to think about that one. Honestly, off the top of my head, I think it will require collusion between miners, and collusion is difficult to pull off in the real world. Miner X doesn't like LN transactions? Miner Y would probably be happy to mine them for a slightly higher fee and collect all the benefits.
I'll address your other points later, which I have thought about more in detail.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:20:20
I'm not a cricket.
Routing is working on testnet. Segwit adoption is the main thing LN has been waiting for.
EDIT: try it out by following the directions at 
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:50:50
Read a good intro to LN here: 
And the Lightning Network paper (a bit more dense): 
There are various ideas for the routing, but I don't think it's an unsolveable problem as some seem to think. After all, we know how to solve routing on the Internet, and the LN should be something similar. As an open network, if you see censorship at any point, you can just "route around" it through other nodes.
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:23:55


About your prediction that 60% of hashpower would leave to BCH because of ASIC Boost.
At least now you admit you don't know what will happen. I don't either, but I don't think the "chain death spiral" outcome will occur for either BTC or BCH. I was under the impression you were basically pushing that idea. If not, sorry.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:14:29
Fine, we'll wait a bit more for your prediction to be proven false. See you again tomorrow.
Edit. Here is my reasoning. If miners only care about profitability, it is far more profitable right now to mine on BTC-- it will overwhelm the relatively minor advantage of ASIC Boost. Even if they lose the ASIC Boost advantage on BTC with Segwit they will still make more money on BTC.
Long run, if ASIC Boost is that big a deal, the main effect it will have is to give the BCH chain a slightly higher hashrate relative to its price. But BTC also has a comparable "advantage" (from the miners' point of view): higher fees. If ASIC Boost gives an estimated 20% advantage, the BTC fees are giving at least that much right now. See 
Things will balance out. You'll see. BTC will continue to exist, BCH will continue to exist, and fantasies about them either one of them "dying" are just that.
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:53:05
Try the steps here to start: 
It's only a demo on testnet, but the app seems to work great.
@_date: 2017-08-30 11:56:42
Don't forget opportunity cost. If I could make 1000 by mining BTC and make 900 by mining BCH, I just lost 100 in opportunity cost.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:34:28
The interesting property of the Lightning Network is that you can't fudge, even though individual microtransactions are off chain. Read up more on how it works: 
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:21:48
With Bitcoin, the best bet are going to be features built on *top* of the base layer. It's now very hard to change the base layer itself. Fortunately, there are a lot of projects doing just that. And with SegWit activated, some necessary new features in the base layer can be added via a soft fork instead of requiring a hard fork.
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:51:18
Hrm, maybe you don't have bitcoin, only litecoin, but the merchant only accepts bitcoin?
If you don't have bitcoin, you have to buy some or exchange some. It's an extra step.
With atomic cross-chain swaps, that step just becomes part of the route and becomes almost transparent/automatic to you. Your wallet could maybe show you the details, or it could handle everything behind the scenes and just show you the amount you need to pay in litecoin. (It could pick the exchange node with the best rate, automatically.)
The other thing is that since it's on the Lightning Network, it's instant. No waiting for extra confirmations from the exchange, then waiting for another confirmation from the merchant.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:08:22
The Lightning Network uses 2 native on-chain Bitcoin transactions to open and close a channel, so you have to pay those fees to connect to LN and get started.  But that is not a regular thing you will need to do.
Once you have a channel open, you can send an *unlimited* number of small-ish transactions through the channel, routing through the rest of the Lightning Network, to any other destination on the network. The relaying nodes on the network will probably charge fees, but they will be *much* smaller. We can't predict the future with 100% accuracy of course, but the competition between nodes means the fees will likely equal the marginal cost of running the nodes. Since LN is much more efficient than the base Bitcoin layer, this cost will be much lower, and thus the per-transaction fees will also be much lower.
Also, instead of charging per byte, the LN will probably charge more in proportion to the amount being sent. That's more intuitive to people.
Hope this helps!
@_date: 2017-08-11 21:17:12
I encourage you to go to the source, as there is already a bunch of FUD flying around about LN: 
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:11:27
Try engaging with the content of the article... downvote from me for irrelevant altcoin fanboi-ism.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:24:48
I have a really good idea what the technical arguments are, but I find that politics interferes with people's common sense to a great degree. I'm not trying to be "politically correct" when I say that both sides have a point-- both sides also have blind spots also. I lean more toward one side but I came to my own conclusion based on listening to the *technical* arguments from both sides.
My own conclusion-- and you are free to make your own conclusion too but I am free to try to persuade you to accept mine-- is that we need both on-chain scaling (2X) and off-chain scaling (which SegWit helps to enable).
This is why I am a SegWit2X supporter even though I started out thinking it was a bad agreement.
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:53:49
I will wait and see. I admit that we're really in chaos territory here and no one can really predict exactly what will happen. My belief has been that it will find equilibrium proportional to the price, but it may require another hard-fork to smooth out the difficulty adjustment algorithm for that.
Not sure how the linked image proves anything. Another discussion on reddit.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:53:50
Lightning would cripple the base layer if it multiplied every transaction x2. But the whole point of Lightning (regarding the scaling debate) is that you would open a long-lived channel and make multiple payments over that channel. This would collapse N payments (where N is probably much greater than 2) down to just 2 transactions. Otherwise there's no point to it.
@_date: 2017-08-03 03:54:54
Segwit doesn't solve the scaling problem in and of itself. But it gives some temporary relief, and more importantly, it is a part of the overall long-term solution (along with bigger blocks). See the post I just created: "Your coffee purchase... on the blockchain... replicated to 10,000 nodes... and kept forever."
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:58:18
Exponential growth will make it expensive. And if you don't buy that, how about the privacy aspect? I want to be able to run a transaction (or 50 or 50,000 microtransactions) between me and a merchant or a peer, and not have to let the whole world know about it for ever and ever, amen.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:39:04
yeah, that is beside the point. I brought it up only to illustrate the wattage of a device with which I am familiar. My full node runs on my desktop, not on the NAS.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:21:05


As am I.
Things should be as simple as possible, but at some point, growth requires adding features and capabilities and addressing some rather complex scaling issues.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:49:53
I don't have an ELI5 but here are some links from the source:
* 
* 
* 
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:52:18
Thanks for confirming my intuition with some simulations.
The difficulty adjustment combines with the market price to ensure the hashpower on the two coins is fairly proportional to the coin price. (Fees factor in a bit too, but that is minor compared to price). There will be some oscillations and unsteadiness, but the mechanism tends to equilibrium.
@_date: 2017-08-22 05:01:00
Get ready for LN! Test it on testnet today: 
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:42:43
If what's good for Bitcoin happens (increasing adoption), we're going to need it in the next 6-12 months, even with Segwit. So rather than scramble to scale the base layer at the last minute, let's plan and do it in November. 2X won't kill Bitcoin or have a severe impact on the network at this point in time. By my own analysis (and that of various others) that kind of scaling increase shouldn't be a serious risk.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:51:11
Not so simple. Segwit may alleviate long wait times and high fees somewhat, but adoption could rise proportionately and drive them up again. Or if current levels of usage stay steady, but move over into Segwit transactions, then you should see much lower fees and faster confirmation times.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:36:57
Username checks out, especially looking at comment history.
Likes to come into random discussions and post links that are irrelevant but push the big-blocker narrative.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:14:48
Thanks, yes, it's more than just the disk space. The whole problem of Bitcoin scaling is an interesting and multi-faceted set of classic computer science scaling issues. It's more complex than just O(n*n).
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:13:28
I'm not missing the point that larger blocks bring centralization. I'm super familiar with all the "answers" you say have been given before. I've been around Bitcoin more than 5 years.
I could get into a pissing match to see who has more software engineering experience, but that's rather immature.
The reality is that software engineering involves tradeoffs. And not everyone has the same priorities. But I just don't buy that a small, 2X increase in the base layer is an existential threat to the censorship resistant aspects of Bitcoin at this point in time. The resources needed to run a full node are well within the reach of average people. We have people running Bitcoin nodes on Raspberry Pi's for crying out loud!
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:56:48
I think this is technically incorrect. I could be off a bit but I think the following is how it works:
Witnesses/signatures don't go into their own separate "block," but are put in a new "section" at the end of a new, Segwit-style block, which can be larger than the 1MB legacy blocks.
When peers ask for a block, if they are legacy nodes they get a shortened version of the block that doesn't have this new "section." Weights are calculated so that the shortened version is always under 1MB and conforms to legacy rules. If they are SegWit peers, they have a choice of getting the shortened block, or the full SegWit block with the new witness section at the end.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:40:19
Exactly. We have to use Bitcoin to settle the transactions when the channel is closed. So it's just a trustless accounting method to handle multiple transactions, and collapse them down to 2 actual Bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:01:38
Nothing about 2nd-layer solutions allows you to steal. This is pure FUD. Take the Lightning Network for example. Once the transactions are settled, the final total is secured on the Bitcoin network. In between, each party has pre-committed a certain amount, and if one cheats, they stand to lose the amount they pre-committed, as I understand it.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:41:32
Then we agree! Glad to clear up any misunderstanding :)
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:48:38
Thanks for the details!
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:57:32
It also won't have the higher-level solutions nearly as soon as the real Bitcoin.
Instead, the BCash plan is to scale linearly, which any CS major knows does help, but only takes you so far.
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:26:28


LN *will be* a great boon to Bitcoin's scaling issues, though it won't solve everything.
It's very disingenuous to declare or insinuate that it has failed to deliver when it has not even been released yet.
Perhaps marketing was done incorrectly, or perhaps you misunderstood or intentionally want to make it look bad? I have seen a lot of fake concern posts or mocking posts about the fact that SegWit transactions have not been *immediately* taken up by *everyone*. I'm sure it will follow some sort of adoption curve now that it is available, just like many other major improvements or changes or new, different products that people aren't used to yet. Also, people have to generate new SegWit addresses, send funds to them, and then send those funds to someone else before they register as a SegWit transaction.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:48:33
18+ months for a simple hard fork increasing the base block size? Sorry, that is just way overkill. I won't judge the motivations of those who have been saying hard forks are so dangerous, but I'm convinced they've convinced themselves of this, incorrectly.
@_date: 2017-08-15 13:35:25
I'll make it easy for any newbies.
The simplest and most secure thing is a paper wallet.  Go to  and follow the instructions carefully. Make 3 copies of each paper wallet and store them in different SECURE locations.
@_date: 2017-08-26 16:44:20
Same here. This is how I know for a fact there are definitely trolls amongst the "concerned, curious noobs"
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:36:04
They have been testing it on testnet. You can test it yourself too. Follow the instructions at 
It works pretty well, though it is a testnet and subject to ups and downs.
I don't see why they can't enable it on mainnet right away (with low spending limits to limit losses in case of bugs).
@_date: 2017-08-16 16:28:26
I support Segwit, and I support a 2X increase. I believe it would be the best thing to keep the main Bitcoin chain together and strong. Another coin split will cause more trouble. I also really don't buy that a 2X base block weight increase (even with Segwit already increasing the block size) is going to cause major problems.
I don't necessarily support the current so-called "Segwit2X" client or any attempt to kick Core out. In my ideal world, Core would join the 2X effort. But I know the chances of that are slim to none.
@_date: 2017-08-03 19:01:46
Economics... Yes, bitcoin transactions are very expensive, but the cost of mining is an externality to the users making the transactions. Since the coinbase is subsidizing the transactions, so there's no reason now not to overuse them today, as the sender is not paying the cost directly.
If you're trying to say that the small block size makes the fees higher, which is healthy because it prevents such overuse, there is a small case to be made for this. But when people can't make normal transactions because the fees are too high, we've gone to the opposite side of the sliding scale.
@_date: 2017-08-20 03:09:32
Yes, I am excited at the growth in the price, also.
I assumed you were on the big-block side based on your short comment. If I was wrong, I apologize.
Bitcoin still faces many challenges. I think it will succeed, though.
@_date: 2017-08-20 22:43:32
When? Waiting for your prediction. Oh, you mean that "cashening" or "tippening" fantasy story making the rounds in BCH land? They're like chess players only looking one or two moves ahead.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:05:07
They are orthogonal to each other. You are right.
I'm just trying to bring the camps together, as futile as that attempt might be. The Segwit2X agreement was an attempt to do that. I believe there is no harm in proceeding with the 2X increase in base block size in November. Since we eventually do need a block size increase, and since SegWit is already pretty much locked in, it would be the least we could do to show good will toward those who have been clamoring for a block size increase for years.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:28:36
You misunderstand, and that may be my fault for not communicating well.
I am not saying all coffee-scale transactions HAVE to be off-chain. I am saying that they should not HAVE to be on-chain. We should have a choice. And I know what I would choose in that case. Wouldn't you like to have that option also?
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:17:35
The "tippening" or "cashening" is a fantasy story that BCH supporters are telling themselves about how BCH will reach a "tipping point" and suddenly BTC will crash into a "death spiral" because of the mining difficulty adjustments, etc.
It ignores the reality that 1) mining follows price, and 2) in an extreme case, Bitcoin Core can easily implement an emergency difficulty adjustment just as BCash had to do.
The BCH pushers are out in force today, trying to dupe innocent noobs and casual passers-by.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:27:55
You misunderstand, and that may be my fault for not communicating well.
I am not saying all coffee-scale transactions HAVE to be off-chain. I am saying that they should not HAVE to be on-chain. We should have a choice. And I know what I would choose in that case. Wouldn't you like to have that option also?
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:00:19
Because the difficulty adjustment system is designed to seek equilibrium.
I don't deny that some entities may try to attack, but I'm not too worried. They will be wasting their money, because 1) an attack like that is expensive to mount, successful or not; 2) if they are "successful" enough to stop the chain as in the "death chain spiral" theory, and the Bitcoin chain is really stuck, Core can always put out an emergency hard-fork to adjust difficulty and/or change the PoW. Again, they waste their money attacking, because Bitcoin has options to counter it. They know it, so most likely they won't try. 
Game theory... it's tricky and I don't have it all right, either, but I'm learning to play chess instead of just checkers when it comes to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-09 15:42:13
I'm aware that it would be 8 times the current limit, in the worst case, but not the average case. I'm not afraid of that level of increase, unless we find between now and November that SegWit alone (2x avg, 4x max) is already significantly stressing the network and/or leading to serious decentralization.
Here's my thinking. I know big blockers always cite Kryder's law and Moore's law, and they are off quite a bit because they assume it will solve all their problems. In reality, these are slowing down, so we can't assume they will solve all our problems. However, they haven't stopped. We've been at full blocks for at least a year or two. I can and do run a full node-- actually, sometimes several, in VMs on my desktop machine.  Some have estimated that even Raspberry Pis could keep up with a 4x increase in block size for the near future. So I'm really not scared of a modest 2x base block weight increase even on top of Segwit, at this point.
@_date: 2017-08-22 00:38:52
That is actually normal in LN. If the node you have a channel to goes offline, you can unilaterally close the channel; but your funds may be locked up for a few days as part of the mechanism to prevent partners from broadcasting old, revoked transactions.
I think they could enable it on mainnet with a very low spending limit, say, .005 BTC per channel (about $20 at this time).
@_date: 2017-08-29 03:19:33


There are excellent technical reasons for the weighting. It was not random or tilted in a sinister way to favor a particular group. See


There are excellent reasons not to run pell-mell into huge block size increases. You happen not to agree with them; that is fine. There was not enough consensus to move forward with it, and that's why Core has not done it. It's not that they're against a block weight increase *forever* either. Before you lob the allegations of manipulation or censorship (which exists on both sides; I don't deny it; but I am perfectly capable of reading both sides and making up my own mind as is everyone else), consider there may be quite a few people who know what they're talking about and still disagree with the "obvious," "simple" solution for good reasons.
What are those reasons? We could rehash the whole last 2-3 years debate if you like.


There you go again with the conspiracy theories.
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:00:09
Answering some of your questions directly.
1. There is a BTC limit right now, to avoid people making mistakes and losing money, and/or to prevent bugs from causing huge losses.
2. You can open as many channels as you like. In theory, one channel to a well-connected hub is enough; in practice you may want 2 or 3 for redundancy.
3. Depleted channels can no longer send funds but they don't close automatically. You can easily recharge them by getting someone to send you funds through that channel. I expect exchanges such as Coinbase to support this.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:02:09
I've seen that article. It's basically the same conspiracy theory. A lot of conjecture that appears to make sense, but without evidence it's just someone's pet theory.
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:39:02
I'm pro Segwit2x. We need Segwit and we should increase our base block size.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:08:45
I guess I'm one of the moderates who has been silent for most of this time and now decided to speak up.  It seems like only the extremists have a voice here and it's getting out of hand.
To hear people around here talk, it's "Yay, we forced the miners' hands and now we got SegWit. Forget the 2X part, we never agreed to that." Well, no, not personally, but we're going to need it soon anyways, why not just do it?
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:19:34
We need on-chain scaling and off-chain scaling. I support both.
@_date: 2017-08-09 15:45:16


You as a third party don't need to, and shouldn't expect to have a right to, audit everyone else's books.
All you need to know is that the coffee shop didn't create $100m out of thin air (inflation) or double-spend it. The base layer ensures that, and the second layer (e.g. LN) merely leverages the base layer to make many transactions off-chain, on payment channels, which are essentially backed and enforced by smart contracts that settle eventually to the on-chain transaction that ensures no such fraud is occurring.
Again, you don't need to know the details of a third-party's payment channel transactions to know that eventually they closed the channel and were paid, say, $100K in that particular month which was credited to their account.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:26:03
It does not make sense to buy coffee with Bitcoin when the fees are too high. The 2nd-layer solutions **and** a 2X block size increase will both help with that.
@_date: 2017-08-20 20:59:02
Not sure what is confusing about it unless you don't understand LN? You need to open at least one channel to another node that has connections to the rest of the network. Sometimes the test nodes aren't well connected and you have to try another.
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:12:59
SegWit will help some with the fees and the confirmation times, but it won't be immediate.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:37:05
I don't think you need loads of money to be a hub, unless you want to be a BIG hub.
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:49:43
Not saying that hardware won't get faster and cheaper, just not at the rate necessary to keep all microtransactions on-chain while scaling up to serve the entire world, as some seem to want. I want to scale to the world, but I see it requires multiple layers (on-chain and off-chain).
@_date: 2017-08-10 04:18:34
Here you go. LN takes us one step closer to achieving the slogan, "Bitcoin is the Internet of money."
Bitcoin base layer is like some of the lower layers of the Internet: TCP, IP addresses, etc.
LN and other "second-layer" solutions are like the higher layers of the Internet protocols that made it take off (HTTP, etc.)
You'll need to run software (web server for Internet, LN server/hub software for Bitcoin) to become more than just an end-point user. But the barrier for entry is still pretty low-- almost anyone can run a web server nowadays, and anyone with some Bitcoin can run a LN hub.
The Internet routes around censorship. The lightning network will probably use similar routing. The channels (links on the routes) are more long-lived like the physical network hardware running the Internet; the transactions are like the packets going over the network, and they can choose any route that makes sense at the time based on fees, uptime, distance, etc. There will likely be a large number of possible routes from A to B.
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:26:43
Sure, redditor for two weeks.
Calling us silly when your camp's death spiral theory fell flat on its face.
Repeat after me: "Mining follows price." Maybe you're staying to realize that which is why you think death spiral will still happen if BTC's value crashes. I agree it will be rough for a bit if that happens, but so far the difficulty algorithm has proven to defy many predictions including mine. It's designed to seek equilibrium and only extreme cases make it get stuck for a while.
Even if we see such an extreme case, it would not be hard to change the difficulty as BCH already had to do.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:15:37
Can't predict the future. If I could, I would be rich.
@_date: 2017-08-20 22:25:42
It's now the "tomorrow" that you mentioned. BTC is as alive as the last 140 times it "died" (
Where are you? Not responding to any responses, I see.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:24:42
As a software engineer, I don't see the big risk with a modest 2x increase. 3 months should be plenty of time for testing. Hard forks are really not as scary as some people make them sound. The most likely problem is some clients will get stuck on the blockchain at the first &gt;1MB block, and then they just need to upgrade.
@_date: 2017-08-16 11:22:03
You are actually correct and I was wrong.  The profitability doesn't adjust immediately just because more miners join. It adjusts only after the next difficulty adjustment. Thanks for pointing that out, because I like to find the truth even if it means I have to change my mind.
Still in this case, miners will end up competing with each other after a short period of a week or two, which means they don't have much long term incentive to switch unless the price of the coin goes up. The analysis is still largely the same.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:08:50
Right, so let's do both at the same time. Segwit2X.
@_date: 2017-08-24 01:55:51
That's one strong possibility! It's hard to predict anything in crypto-land, but BTC is still in the best position to dominate.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:25:13
Blockstream is not Core, nor do they control Core. They pay a few of the developers on the Core team, but that does not equal control.
I have yet to see ANY convincing proof of nefarious intentions or actions or control on their part. Because they disagree with one side on the scaling debate and Core happens to agree with them, it's easy to *speculate* about control or bad intentions, but that, my friend, is really just a conspiracy theory without any proof.
However, over on r/btc you constantly hear "Blockstream/Core" repeated as if they were one and the same. It could be lazy thinking, or it could be the intentional misrepresentation of them from people on the opposing side of the scaling debate. Repeat a lie long enough, and people start believing it.
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:13:06
So we're even. Care to contribute something of substance?
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:29:29
**Summary:** The LN is like the Internet. It routes around damage. Payments are routed through LN like packets are routed through the Internet. But LN is actually more dynamic in its topography, and more censorship-resistant, than the Internet itself. Centralization *probably* won't be a problem, though no one can prove it either way since LN doesn't fully exist yet.
I should first mention this is adapted from something I wrote in another thread. Some users thought it was helpful so I'm adjusting it and bringing it here.
"Experts" are saying different things about the LN. I listen to experts but eventually when they disagree I have to do my own research and my own thinking to decide who is right. Also, many experts have an agenda and aren't completely unbiased. If you take their agenda into account, you might see why they disagree along certain lines.
Now for **centralization**. LN actually does nothing *to* Bitcoin at all, structurally. Bitcoin is still Bitcoin, the way it is now. LN is a layer *on top* of Bitcoin, which leverages the trustless properties of Bitcoin multisig transactions and hash time lock contracts and other features, to build a secure channel between peers. Then, LN has its own, separate peer-to-peer network of these peers and their channels, which it uses to trustlessly route payments from Alice to Dave through Bob, Charlie or anyone else that is on the network.
The centralization that people are afraid of is that certain hubs might become huge and the network will only be able to find routes through these centralized hubs. This is only speculation at this point. Since the LN doesn't yet exist, we can't prove what will happen or won't happen.
However, we can examine the properties of the hubs and the network as envisioned, and see if it is similar to other networks that either centralize or maintain a more loose decentralized layout. I've read the papers, looked at the developers' discussion groups, and actually played around with the testnet version of LN. Again although that doesn't prove anything, it gives me a feel for how it might work.
The best analogy I can come up with for how this is going to work is the Internet itself. The Internet is designed to continue operating even if some part of the network is damaged. It finds another route and sends the packet through that route. In fact, at any given time, your packets could go through different routes, and it's pretty resilient. The LN is designed to route payments like the Internet routes packets. If one node goes offline or becomes compromised, the payment can go through a different route with no problem.
Even the Internet has problems though. The main chokepoint for the Internet is your local ISPs. Because of geographical and physical constraints, it only makes sense for there to be 1 or 2 wires going to your house. This leads to a natural monopoly or duopoly on last-mile connections. However, the LN is actually better than the Internet in this regard. You can make that first channel connection with anyone in the world. There is no geographical or physical factor that leads to such a natural monopoly on those connections.
The other thing is that the barriers to entry for hubs/nodes in the Lightning Network are very low. It's roughly similar to the costs for running a full Bitcoin node today, plus some capital to open the channels. But you won't need as much capital as some naysayers think, because the connections are currently limited in size (Bitcoin amount) by design and to prevent major losses in case of bugs in the early versions of the system. This will actually still work fine, because LN is designed to handle small payments anyways. You won't be sending $5000 around on the LN anytime soon. You'll continue to use the base Bitcoin layer for that.
Finally, again better than the Internet itself, channels can be quickly opened and closed between nodes on the network. Unlike the Internet, where a new connection between hops on the network requires physical infrastructure, these are all virtual links, so they can be set up and destroyed as needed. If a hub finds itself not well connected to certain parts of the network, it can open a channel in minutes and solve that problem.
Because of these factors, I am pretty sure that the Lightning Network will be much less centralized than the Internet itself, and more like a mesh network. It's clearly more dynamic and adaptable than the raw physical infrastructure of the Internet.
The final analogy I want to make is to the Bitcoin peer-to-peer network itself. In fact, the peer-to-peer part of the LN looks very similar to the peer-to-peer part of Bitcoin. The main difference is that in the Bitcoin base layer, when you make a transaction, you broadcast it to the entire network. In LN, it finds a route through the peer-to-peer network and only sends it along those peers. This is why LN is so much more efficient and scalable. You could make a rough analogy saying that Bitcoin is like UDP (when used for broadcasting packets) and LN is more like TCP.
In case that's not enough censorship-resistance, there's even TOR routing for the LN, so that each node doesn't know anything more than the previous and next node in the route.
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:16:04
Actually, BTC with LN will soon be much more suitable for daily payments than any chain without LN, no matter how big the blox are.
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:21:48
Again, not really.
A dead Bitcoin undermines the very basics of Bitcoin far more than this. Again, I said it would be only done in an emergency situation. Not sure why you can't understand that changing the difficulty is less severe than a dead coin.
By your own standards, then, BCash has already undermined the very basics of the Bitcoin protocol.
@_date: 2017-08-29 18:57:42
Do you realize what it would take to have Bitcoin process thousands of transactions per second?
@_date: 2017-08-20 03:49:00
Great windfall, congrats!
I hope you really overcome the gaming addiction. I really mean that. I had an addiction of my own to overcome. It's not easy, but it did happen!
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:47:47
I might tend to agree with you... but then I read their side of the story, and it basically says,
"The big blockers simply want to approach the problem simply and straightforwardly. Avoiding any long-term consequences of adding unknown code prematurely."
"And the small blockers just want to constrain the network's natural growth as a bargaining chip and to force the need for the layer-2 stuff."
And although I do have my personal judgment as to which side is more correct, it's pretty obvious that we really need both. So let's drop the bargaining chip approach and work on both.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:56:42
see my reply to luke-jr above
@_date: 2017-08-20 23:05:43
Why Tuesday?
@_date: 2017-08-22 12:36:32
Not disputing that we need to increase capacity linearly to match some of the advances in technology. I'm on record wanting a 2X increase in addition to SegWit. But I can't go along with the current Segwit2X approach if it will fork Bitcoin yet again.
In the meantime, it's ironic that some people want to scale the block size but are dismissing off-hand the solutions that will really *scale* (in the true sense of the word) Bitcoin to much greater levels and on new dimensions, even within a given block size constraint.
It is said, that Intel giveth and Microsoft taketh away. Hardware advances occur, but software bloat eats it up right away and our computers don't *seem* to get 100x faster as you might expect given the increases in hardware power.
The whole approach Core is taking is to try to keep a stable base with some new improvements which allow new technologies like LN to make even more efficient use of the blockchain. They may be too conservative on the block size for my tastes, but I completely agree with the strategy of making every other improvement possible.
@_date: 2017-08-20 03:01:00
There are more... You'll see the patterns if you read enough threads.
@_date: 2017-08-03 22:01:58
No, I want to use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-15 13:39:47
 Follow the instructions. Keep 3 copies of each paper wallet, in different SECURE locations.
@_date: 2017-08-16 02:50:16
This is a wishful-thinking theory circulating around the BCH crowd. They claim that at some point miners will find it more profitable to mine BCH, and will switch *en masse* leaving Bitcoin in this "Chain Death Spiral" where it takes forever just to reach the next difficulty adjustment. They are using the word "tippening" for the moment at which BCH has more mining power, and they expect that Bitcoin "legacy" will quickly die in a runaway effect after this tipping point.
They forget several things:
* **Mining follows price**. On average over time, the amount of mining resources in a coin is proportional to the price of the coin (more accurately, to the reward for mining; for BTC vs BCH the price of the coin is the main differing factor in the reward). This is because if BCH becomes more profitable to mine, miners start to switch over, but immediately they are competing with each other and making their individual *chances* lower, thus automatically adjusting the *profitability* downward, immediately. At some point it reaches equilibrium; it is not a runaway effect as they fantasize. This fact means that coins rarely die in the way they describe in the article, unless the market has already deemed them worthless in the price of the coin. As long as the coin has value, *someone* will be willing to mine it.
* **The difficulty can be quickly adjusted in an emergency via a hard fork.** If the Bitcoin main chain is ever under any seriously major loss of hashpower, they can simply hard fork (as BCH did) to adjust the difficulty down more quickly. Some might see this as hypocritical for a team that always talks about the dangers of hard forks; but some Core devs have already talked about a hard fork to change the PoW in an emergency. A difficulty adjustment would be no big deal compared to that. (The linked article mentions this possibility briefly in passing, then proceeds to completely ignore it.)
It's probably also part of the FUD campaign they are waging. They explicitly mention investors doing their "due diligence"... meaning, you better figure out if the Bitcoin main chain has any fatal flaws before investing in it! And we found this never-before discovered vulnerability! Be afraid! Be very afraid! (Ah, and we have another chain that solves this, by the way...)
@_date: 2017-08-25 14:42:01
The Lightning Network will be the biggest contributor toward a *true* solution. It adds a whole new dimension of scaling on top of the base layer.
That said, eventually a block weight increase will be needed.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:00:30
The narrative is actually pretty ugly and one-sided on both sides. I'm trying to bridge that gap a bit.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:12:24
Eventually pre-opening the channel may become automatic.
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:42:51
Since you have the conspiracy theory about Blockstream going, tell me please, how is Blockstream going to make their first dollar?
@_date: 2017-08-04 01:11:22
I'm not sure which side you think I came from or am going to, but thanks.
I'm on both sides... if you get my drift. And I'm not trying to be wishy-washy by saying that. It's just that I agree with basic tenets of both camps, but disagree with the extreme versions of them that some on each side have gone to. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:50:35
LN actually has some substance to it, and you don't seem to engage with it. Instead you dismiss it out of hand.
Again, if you approached Bitcoin with the same strategy, you'd say, "Banks are great but I'm the genious Satoshi Nakamoto so I will think of something BETTER!!" There is no substance whatsoever to your comment.
@_date: 2017-08-04 18:06:12
In my ideal world, I'd like a nearly ubiquitous payment system that is still trustless, uses Bitcoin, and is permissionless.
My main point is that the Bitcoin base layer doesn't scale to become that system. We need 2nd-layer solutions on top that extend its reach. They can still be permissionless, trustless, and use Bitcoin natively. There may be some tradeoffs, but I would like to have multiple options so that I can choose the tradeoffs I want.
In my example in the original post, it doesn't make sense to me that a small, insignificant transaction (to me) like buying coffee, should have to be replicated 10,000 times and written down for posterity, just so that I can enjoy the benefits of the Bitcoin payment network. I know there are always tradeoffs, but as an engineer I think the system can be made more efficient for these kinds of transactions, with fewer such tradeoffs, through 2nd-layer solutions.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:49:09
You can try it out on testnet today.
Short version: when it becomes available, you will download an app like "Eclair" (it's in your app store already today) and fund it with Bitcoin. Then you can open channels and send Bitcoin to your heart's content. It is easier and more convenient than any of the naysayers even imagine.
The hard part will not be learning how to use it. That will be pretty easy. The hard part is the classic chicken-and-egg problem-- you need merchants accepting it, and they need consumers using it.
The high fees and long confirmation times will be a good motivator to get LN adoption going. I predict it will take off fairly quickly once it is production-ready.
@_date: 2017-08-22 12:43:33
Yep. It depends on the payment size, but a lot of credit card transactions are small.
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:26:16
You're using today's numbers; it looks much different if you use the target numbers of, say, 25 billion transactions per day (5 billion users, 5 transactions a day).
A lot of your numbers are absurdly low.  2.4 watts?
And your bandwidth? Where is that factored in?
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:47:07
LN enables billions of *transactions* on the existing block size, because transactions are unlimited once a channel is opened.
Scaling to billions of *users* will still require a HUGE base block weight increase to be anywhere near usable. For the earth's population, eventually something like 133MB blocks. Source: LN presentation at  (In contrast, *on chain* support for the world's population might require something like 2000-3000MB blocks... even if that were possible, it would still have more constraints than LN.)
I'm very bullish on LN and it will scale transactions on a whole new dimension. We will need to scale block size as users come onboard, though.
@_date: 2017-08-15 17:19:33
Humanity cares. (The human race as a whole.)
We are social animals and a lot (not all) of our meaning comes from being part of a larger whole. One way to contribute to this whole, and even find a lot of satisfaction as a relational being, is to create new humans and cultivate them into good members of your group and of the human race. It's an enjoyable though challenging process.
I'm not saying your life has no meaning in itself. Every person has meaning  and value on their own. But our meaning is made even greater as part of a larger group, a larger story, something beyond our own existence.
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:07:22
There will be "exchange nodes" on the LN that will atomically swap your LTC for BTC or vice versa, at the going market rate. Using the properties of LN itself, the swap is secure and atomic.
Now, just add that "exchange node" into a payment route. Your channel pays out in LTC, which relays potentially through a few nodes to the exchange node. Out the other end comes a payment in BTC, which is relayed (again maybe through several other nodes) to the vendor who only accepts BTC on the LN.
EDIT: Some more details from 


@_date: 2017-08-03 22:41:04
Thanks. I'm also running a BIP148 node.
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:32:26
In the long run, *mining follows price* and not the other way around. The system is designed this way.
In the short run, maybe miner antics could affect market psychology and cause the price to fall or rise. In the short run, difficulty changes also may make mining temporarily not follow the price. Patience. It will reach equilibrium after a bit.
@_date: 2017-08-30 11:50:45
That was the less uninformed argument. There were plenty of FUDsters without a clue saying SegWit makes your funds less secure and prone to theft, without any of those qualifiers.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:56:43
Profitability stays the same until the next difficulty adjustment, no matter how many miners mine or don't mine.
If all miners jump to the most profitable coin, they will see increased profits until the next difficulty adjustment. *Then* the difficulty goes way UP, profitability goes way down, and the incentives are reversed. But it doesn't oscillate between the two wildly; it seeks equilibrium.
@_date: 2017-08-04 20:12:26
In real life, most businesses that accept Bitcoin as payments are using third-party payment processors like BitPay. It's BitPay's responsibility to be using the latest software, and I'm sure they will be on top of these things.
I don't see the software version linkage you seem to imply between businesses and their customers. When customers pay a business, they are creating a transaction on the Bitcoin network, not interacting directly with the business's own Bitcoin node. So there is no compatibility issue at the transaction level.
With a block size increase, as I understand it, the only affected participants are miners (who have good incentives to be up to date), payment receivers or processors (who also have good incentives to be up to date), indifferent node operators (like me; I run a full node) and users who are making payments (mainly with light wallets).
The only two groups of participants where I see it might be likely they would fall behind in an important upgrade are the last two.
So let's look at a full node operator. If their software falls behind, it will simply start rejecting the new blocks and get further and further out of date. But in a peer to peer system, peers can get their info from multiple sources, so this is only really a problem if a HUGE number of peers falls behind.
An end user who wants to make payments. In most cases, light wallet software doesn't even care what the block sizes are when making payments; they just create the transaction and broadcast it to the network. (Correct me if I'm wrong.) If there is an incompatible hard fork on the network, they simply won't be able to make a payment until they upgrade.  Right? Doesn't sound so scary.
Am I missing something?
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:13:04
Username checks out, especially looking at comment history.
Definitely a zero-knowledge r/btc troll.
I have LN software installed on my phone already. It works on testnet. It's nearly ready to go. It will be slicker and more convenient than any of the naysayers even imagine.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:18:53
Liquid is for large companies like exchanges. I thought you might be referring to that. It's not really for end-users. It makes liquidity and arbitration much easier for exchanges, etc. if I understand it right.
Blockstream and Core do collaborate, but I don't see any overt control. I'm open to hard evidence.
@_date: 2017-08-29 23:37:50
Nice idea, overall. But I think LN will be rolled out with transaction and channel limits that are too small for most payroll, at least at first. It will be more useful if you want to pay users daily or hourly, for example. Search for Andreas Antonopoulos's speech on "streaming money"...
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:05:13
Rent-seeking by whom, and how exactly, Mr. Sovereign?
Without detailed evidence, it's all a conspiracy theory for those pushing their own agenda...
@_date: 2017-08-03 21:11:22
It's their choice, but giving users the choice is a win/win for everyone.
Those who like their transactions on-chain for whatever reason, can do so. Those who like them off-chain, can do so; and by doing so free up more space for on-chain transactions.
Then again, a company who needs to keep records should be keeping their own records, not just relying on the blockchain to keep records for them. After all, the blockchain probably doesn't record other things they are interested in regarding the transaction.  So that point is basically irrelevant. The point is, on-chain REQUIRES (as currently implemented) that the record be kept forever by a large number of parties. Off-chain allows the vendor to decide how long they want to keep their own records, the purchaser to keep their own records, and if they do or don't care to, it's just forgotten. As long as the final tally is settled onto the block chain, everyone gets their Bitcoins and everyone is happy.
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:30:29








Not contradictory at all. I never claimed both sides were **equally** bad.
It is completely obvious, though, that there is **some** (significant but not necessarily **equal**) amount of trolling, trash-talking, attribution of bad intentions to the other side, etc. (that is, bad behavior and vitriol) on both sides. It is unhelpful to say the least, and drowns out more sensible and moderate positions. It drives people further apart into their respective camps and makes working together harder.
There are also admittedly bad actors.
You are incorrect in saying I am a false flag operation. I am me, I draw my own conclusions, and I'm just trying to persuade you and everyone else (including r/btc) to step down from the extreme positions a bit and give the compromise a chance to work.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:06:54
So basically, my position is similar to that of Nick Szabo, and yes, I've been studying Bitcoin for about 5 years.
But you are more qualified because you can run your mouth and spout off swear words.
Not sure where all the anger comes from, dude. Calm down.
@_date: 2017-08-20 21:04:21
Not sure why you think they can't. The code is ready. Major players would quickly upgrade. It would be disruptive until nodes upgraded, but that is minor compared to a stopped chain.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:05:38
LN will ensure the seller can trust the payment and receives their funds. But once the funds settle on the blockchain, we can both forget about the details if we don't care to remember anymore.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:55:46
Not really a how-to, but for anyone interested to try, (EDIT: Added a better link) the high-level steps are outlined at 
This is what I did:
* Get Eclair installed on my phone from my app store
* Get some testnet bitcoins from a faucet
Then it was easy to use the Eclair app to:
* Open a channel
* Order some imaginary coffee on Starblocks (a demo site at 
* Send my payment of testnet coins instantaneously
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:25:09
I don't agree with CSW's approach. I'm not a massive big blocker like he is. My main argument is that a 2X increase is relatively doable and not dangerous, and gives us some breathing room while 2nd-layer solutions like Lightning Network and sidechains continue to be implemented.
@_date: 2017-08-04 01:08:25
I beg to differ. Yes, there are tradeoffs, and that's why the blocksize only will not be enough to scale to the masses. It will require smart off-chain, 2nd-layer solutions to scale; but even with those in place, we'll still have to make some size tradeoffs on the chain.
The average Joe doesn't really want to verify the rules, let's be honest. If you mean, the average geek like you or I, we can probably afford to pony up a few more $$ (not $20K-- this is where I radically disagree with CSW) but maybe a few hundred $$ to keep up with the needs of the network.
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:33:39
Think a few moves further ahead. If the blocks came that fast, the difficulty would adjust upward again in a few hours.
The difficulty algorithm does try to seek equilibrium. It's designed to do that. Of course, it doesn't seem to work as well when two chains share the hashpower. But it will still try.
@_date: 2017-08-28 23:06:35


Hmm, can you explain what exactly is "centrally planned" about SegWit that you can say is not true of existing transactions? The phrasing is very funny. Bitcoin itself was very "centrally planned" by Satoshi himself.


Did anyone say "magically"? Did anyone say it would happen immediately? Perhaps you just conveniently read too much into it. "Methinks thou dost protest too much." Or read too much into the forum that wasn't really there.
(Even if someone did say those words or implied them, it would be a step too far; but since when do we gauge reality by the outliers?) I certainly didn't expect LN to do *anything* magically or immediately. Especially when IT HASN'T EVEN BEEN RELEASED YET... Your disappointment is premature.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:59:13
It's on testnet-- it's beta. The Lightning Network in this test is a bit limited, and sometimes certain channels run out of test funds.  Real market incentives with real money on the real mainnet will mean you would see this a lot less once it goes live there.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:06:10
It's easy to make these hand-waving "hardware will solve all our problems" statements. But when you understand the underlying nature of the Bitcoin network, and the inefficiencies of it (some of which are necessary), it becomes clear that scaling is a very difficult problem.
Not only that, but hardware improvements are slowing down. Some companies that built their business model on ever-cheaper disk space had to fold up shop when in the last 8 years or so the cost didn't go down as quickly as their business plan had assumed. You can't just assume everything will continue to get faster and cheaper forever. There are real limits-- physical, and before that, economic. For example, a corollary to Moore's Law is that the cost of a new chip fab grows exponentially every year. At some point it becomes unsustainable. And we've already seen this. Chip speeds aren't increasing anywhere as fast as they used to 10 or 20 years ago. Same with hard drive storage, and network speed increases are also slowing down.
@_date: 2017-08-26 17:06:21
Thank you good miners! It might not be the best profit right now, but by having a long-term view you're ensuring the health of Bitcoin and thus keeping your own and everyone else's best outcomes in mind.
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:47:05
Block sizes *will* increase at some point well before transaction fees cost $1000.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:40:14
How are one-way pegs related to LN? This is an honest question. I haven't heard that they are related up until this point.
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:33:51
Thanks... informative thread.
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:09:28
Adding privacy-enhanced transactions could be implemented as a hard fork. You would have to keep legacy type transactions of course, for backward compatibility, so Bitcoin will probably never be one of the coins with privacy-protecting transactions as the default or the only type available.
However, we have so many mechanisms now to add improved privacy without a hard fork, so the arguments for doing it as a hard fork are probably not very strong. I'm not up to date 100% on all the technical details, but I have been reading that there are several privacy-enhancing features underway that don't require a hard fork or in some cases don't require even a soft fork (they are layers, for example, or better versions of things like Join Market).
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:36:50
The time lock gives time to the other party to publish a *breach remedy transaction* to punish the party who tried to cheat by pushing out an old transaction.
Source: 
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:56:56
Not really. I want Bitcoin to "take over the world" of payments, but it needs some extensions (second-layer solutions) to be able to do so, because the base layer is too inefficient to scale to the necessary size.
@_date: 2017-08-28 20:11:22
Expired how? Because SegWit activated? Do you think things would just magically fall into place in a few days afterwards?
The SegWit delay put a whole lot of other projects on hold. Now that it's activated, development on the LN for example (which had been ongoing but slower) appears to have sped up again.
@_date: 2017-08-28 23:23:09
Talking about this list? 
I don't see anything about this list that says people will start using SegWit the minute it comes out.
SegWit use grew in the last 200 blocks from about 0.15% to about 0.45%. Extrapolating *linearly* we can expect it to reach 60% within a year. There will always be some non-SegWit transactions. 
 That would be a successful rollout in my book, for something that involves billions of dollars.
And these adoption curves don't grow linearly in real life. There is more of an S curve that looks exponential for the first half and then slows down for the second half.
Either way, it's *plainly early* to be complaining about the rate of adoption.
@_date: 2017-08-11 05:32:13
Thanks for broaching this topic.
I suspect there's actually more support for Segwit2X than you would think based on r/bitcoin-- or r/btc for that matter.
Here's my thinking on it:
* Yes, not everyone agreed with the New York Agreement (NYA) or was even invited
* Yes, we may not *need* 2X increase right now because we already got 2X with SegWit
* Yes, it's a political agreement.
* BUT it is actually this agreement that is keeping many miners on the BTC chain and not defecting to BCH!
* If you want to see BTC succeed and BCH not be a threat to it (they can continue to coexist, I'm fine with that), then we (including Core) should probably honor the NYA
* A lot of miners were very disappointed at the failure of the Hong Kong agreement and will see a failure to go along with the NYA as further betrayal. Perceptions matter even if they don't reflect the complexity of the situation
* A 2X base block weight increase is *not* the end of the world (sorry Luke-jr, I respect you but I don't buy that), even with SegWit. It's well within the current range of hardware for those who already run full nodes and/or are being galvanized into running one, like myself
* In fact, as noted by several people, small blockers agree we eventually need a block size increase. Why not get ahead of it a little bit instead of rushing one out after the need for it becomes painfully evident?
* All in all, it seems like a modest concession to keep the bulk of the community and **especially the miners** on the side of BTC instead of defecting to BCH.
Here's how I see this playing out if we *don't* honor the NYA:
* A lot of users will run non 2X nodes
* Some miners will see this as intransigence and bail to the BCH chain (my biggest fear at this point)
* Economic nodes (exchanges, payment processors, etc.) will stay neutral or moderately support 2X
* This will give most of the remaining miners cover to forge ahead with 2X in spite of the non 2X nodes
* The chain will fork-- but the non-2X fork will die or at least struggle greatly for lack of hashpower. Ironically, the only way to save it may be to ... gasp... *hard fork* to adjust the difficulty down
* In the end, BTC and Segwit will be greatly weakened by the chaos and the split-- much to BCH's glee
My goal is that Bitcoin (BTC) remains *the* Bitcoin. I have many reasons for this. I wish BCH well, but I believe they are actually on a path that will weaken many of the important properties of what makes Bitcoin special. But for BTC to remain stronger, we can't afford to push critical supporters into the BCH camp.
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:52:11
Let's flip it around.
Why *should* we throw everything on the wishlist into a single hard fork? It only increases the chance that the entire hard fork has issues and is too contentious for some people.
Why *not* make a small change in a hard fork, which we know we will need soon?
I get it to some degree, people are afraid of hard forks and think that if we have to do one, we might as well throw in the kitchen sink. But I'm challenging that logic.
@_date: 2017-08-16 02:07:23
Not trying to impose anything, just trying to describe humanity as most people experience it.
@_date: 2017-08-11 03:29:35
I mention "IP addresses" because they are a bit analogous to "public addresses."  The analogy is loose, and so is my terminology.
We need both lower level and higher level improvements.
Thus, I support Segwit2X.
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:21:55
You'd probably need a decent number of nodes to relay transactions and for wallets to connect to. I've read some analyses of limitations on the number of connections per node, such that a certain minimum number would be needed. Sorry again, I don't have specifics at the tip of my fingers at this time of night.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:44:04
Well, Bitcoin is rather resilient, not like a house of cards at all. But what does happen is that if we don't scale the base layer, adoption slows as fees rise.
We need to offload some usage to 2nd-layer solutions. **And** we need to scale the base layer, because the 2nd-layer solutions still need to use Bitcoin transactions to settle from time to time.
@_date: 2017-08-11 03:28:36
That's where the "network" in "lightning network" comes in. You open a channel or two to some well-connected lightning nodes, and in several hops, you can indirectly send a payment through those nodes to anyone else similarly connected. It ends up looking like the Internet, actually, where payments are routed along these established payment channels between Lightning nodes, like packets are routed along established links between servers in the Internet.
In this way, you can make a one-time payment to Starbucks, for example, by indirectly sending your payment through your payment processor connection, of which you may have only one or several.
LN has a sophisticated way of enforcing that the payments have to be forwarded by the nodes, or they themselves won't get paid (i.e. they can't steal your funds in transit). There is even an "onion routing" version being worked on where the nodes along your payment route won't even be able to tell where it's coming from or where it's going, but only the next link in the chain. And so on.
With this network in place (a big if-- it will take time to build) you could conceivably pay almost anyone with a single channel that you open and close only once a year.
This is how Bitcoin will truly scale-- on the second layer.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:32:50
You are right, no transaction needs to be recorded literally forever.
The blockchain as built now, does that.
If the approach you described works, that would be great.
We still have a problem scaling with the current architecture to handle day-to-day transactions for a billion people. I'm pretty sure it will require sharding, layering, or some similar approach. I'm all ears.
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:24:53
Overall, I trust the Core team's competence more than the current Segwit2X team, even though I support the general idea of 2X and think that Core on this issue is overestimating the dangers of it. Seems contradictory, but it isn't, really, if you think about it. You don't have to agree 100% with someone to support and trust them more generally with the overall project.
The biggest reason I can't fully support Segwit2X right now is the lack of replay protection and the prospect of a messy fork.
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:23:26
Soft forks can't change the structure of things in such a way that they become invalid for older clients. I can't really think of a way you could *disallow* any old-style transactions with a soft fork.
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:31:04
I reference both subs in both subs regularly. Never been banned or censored to my knowledge.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:52:54
What would specifically be the harm in having (on average) about 4MB blocks in Segwit2X?
@_date: 2017-08-10 03:56:07
Also, maybe I'm an outlier, but my desire to run a full Bitcoin node has gotten stronger recently.
Since 2011 when I found out about Bitcoin, my level of interest has grown and then waned over the years. I can't keep one obsession for longer than a few months, I guess, and Bitcoin does have periods of quiet between the moments of drama. Honestly, too, it has something to do with the market price swings, as much as I hate to admit that. ;-) However, I never really considered it necessary to run a Bitcoin node until recently. I was happy with paper wallets for HODLing and SPV wallets for smaller spending money.
This year, though thanks partly to BIP148 and to you, I have become a lot more interested in running a node and supporting the network. I never really saw the value in my doing so before, but I do now.
I hope there are a lot more out there like me who will make sure that Segwit's 2-4MB blocks don't cause problems for the network. Maybe that's why I'm optimistic.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:04:27
Not saying that. It needs to scale with bigger blocks too. That's why I'm a Segwit2X supporter-- we need both on-chain and off-chain scaling.
@_date: 2017-08-20 03:11:34
I have LN software installed on my phone already (search for Eclair in your app store). It works on testnet. It's nearly ready to go.
It will be slicker and more convenient than any of the naysayers even imagine.
@_date: 2017-08-11 14:27:04
The Lightning Network is set up so that the only way the "payment processor" (really just a Lightning Network node with some connections or channels to various people) can collect the payment from you, is if they prove they have signed a transaction forwarding it to the next person in the chain. The way they do this is ingenious and also allows for timeouts, so that if any link in the chain fails, it all collapses eventually back to you so you don't lose your money.
In other words, you don't need to trust the third party.
@_date: 2017-08-10 03:33:42
I guess we're about to find out! Whee!
Sorry to sound flippant, but I'm optimistic. I know, I know, only the paranoid survive, etc.
@_date: 2017-08-03 03:27:50
If you had BTC on the blockchain (and you have control of the keys, as in, your own wallet not on an exchange or website), then your BCH coins are on the BCH blockchain waiting for you. Yes, you just have to install the right wallet software that goes to that blockchain, and your coins are there.
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:28:03
They would eventually make less profit than on BTC. Retargeting would ensure that.
*Unless* the price of BCH also skyrockets another 2-3X. Then they would probably stay.
Aside from temporary fluctuations, *mining follows price* (technically, (block reward + fees) * price). Difficulty retargeting brings the market into equilibrium so that the amount of money expended on mining is proportional to the price.
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:28:52
The bus analogy works roughly for blocks if you only think about blocks. Why not make the blocks as big as they need to be for the traffic you anticipate?
The answer comes when you realize that in Bitcoin, each bus has to travel on ALL the roads to ALL the destinations, and each passenger, actually clones himself and leaves a copy of himself at each destination, just to make sure that at least one copy of himself gets to the destination he really wanted to go to. When you double the number of busses, the traffic on ALL the roads also doubles. And the number of passengers at each destination continues to grow, but even faster than before. Each destination gets clogged with millions of passenger clones that have to be fed and housed but have no actual purpose anymore.
The Lightning Network is a lot smarter. It lets passengers board a car that ONLY goes to the destination the passenger wants to go to. And the passenger doesn't have to clone herself. She can stay at one destination for a while, then get on another car and go to a different destination. She doesn't leave redundant clones of herself hanging around at every place she goes, much less at every single destination on the network.
This scales WAY more effectively than just increasing the number of busses carrying the type of passengers that clone themselves everywhere.
@_date: 2017-08-13 03:59:07
Interesting. I worked for years making web apps and using HTTP as a base layer for our software / CMS-- and other times as part of REST interfaces. I've never heard anyone describe it this way. Do you have any technical details about why you say this about HTTP? What would you have done if you could redesign it?
(Just curious-- without details, it's basically "some guy on reddit says HTTP is trash and he sounded like he knew something about it...")
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:08:40
An off-chain transaction is one that didn't happen *as far as the blockchain is concerned*-- true.
Consider LN payments as *potential* on-chain transactions that both parties agree to in a cryptographically secured way, at the time of payment.
These real Bitcoin transaction data structures are signed by both parties in the channel, saying that Alice gets X amount and Bob gets Y amount of the money in the channel. Though these transactions are native, valid Bitcoin transactions, they are kept private and *not* broadcast on-chain. They are secure because they are already signed, and either party can broadcast them on chain and claim the funds in the transaction due them, as signed and agreed by both sides. There is an elaborate mechanism to prevent old, invalid transactions from being broadcast, and that mechanism is the source of a lot of FUD about LN. But it really works when you analyze it in depth.
@_date: 2017-08-03 21:07:12
The absolute amount of the transaction is irrelevant. The volume of the transactions (frequency) and the significance of them to the payer and the payee, is what would determine whether we would choose to transact over LN or using a direct on-chain payment.
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:09:28
The details are technical, but basically as I understand it (correct me someone if I am wrong), both sides use the same hash lock to lock up the funds they are sending. Then if one side uses the key to unlock the funds they are receiving, the key becomes public and the other side can then use it to unlock the transaction paying them their side of the transaction.
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:38:15
I think you got this already, but basically with LN you do this:
* Open a channel when you first install your wallet. Wait for about 10+ minutes. This is a one-time thing.
* Make as many payments as you want, over months or even years, to ANYONE on the Lightning Network
* Close the channel if you want, at any time but typically much much later. This might be because you need the funds for another on-chain transaction or just want to make a channel with someone else.
The everyday thing you'll be doing, which will be just as convenient as regular Bitcoin payments but a lot faster, is making payments.
If you run out of funds in your channel, you can have your exchange like Coinbase send you some (over the LN, naturally). You don't need to close and reopen the channel.
@_date: 2017-08-03 04:54:24
Not trying to imply an equal amount of fault on both sides, but trying to stay objective, can you admit there is a lot of vitriol drowning out substance on both subreddits?
And is it really that hard to understand that both sides want to see Bitcoin succeed?
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:30:34
But Bitcoin could handle microtransactions and immediate trustless payments, with a little 2nd-layer magic on top. No need to use an altcoin if we don't have to, right?
@_date: 2017-08-04 23:36:59
Yep, sorry for the miscommunication.
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:13:23
The flaw in this is the obvious fact of the 1000+ altcoins that refuse to die.
Network effects may cause one to become and/or remain the *largest* for long periods of time. But changes and chaos theory mean that's not stable forever.
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:54:21
I hope so.
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:43:37


Care to elaborate on why it is so bad? As far as I can see, LN transactions share all the good properties of Bitcoin transactions (native Bitcoin, trustless, peer-to-peer, etc.) but add on top additional benefits (instant, near-free, more private, unlimited in-channel, and more).


Now this I have thought through and read up on and it is flat-out false. LN does tend to need well-connected hubs, but they can easily be in the thousands at least. They are more analogous to the Bitcoin nodes of today. Unlike traditional payment systems like VISA, the barriers to entry are low, so there will be lots of competition. Unlike your local ISPs or your local bank, you are not geographically constrained to use only a limited number of monopolistic providers-- you can open a channel with anyone on the network.
Your routed payments on LN are like packets on the Internet. They can choose whatever route is cheaper, and they route around censorship and damage in the network. Except the links in the network are more fluid and flexible and adaptable than the actual physical hard wires of the Internet.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:07:54
The blocks will need to be a *lot* bigger than today.
But blocksize increase alone won't cut it, because the system is already inefficient as it is. That's why off-chain scaling is also needed.
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:13:37
They have some of their own nodes there to demo the concept, of course. And it does show that it can work.
A real live, mainnet test will be needed to finally prove it, but we can't do that yet. Until tomorrow and/or whenever the various independent LN implementations decide to go alpha/beta on mainnet.
@_date: 2017-08-05 03:24:29
This is an outright attack on Bitcoin main chain.
Far from being happy now that they have their own chain, parting ways and peacefully coexisting, the strategy now appears to be to attack the main chain until it goes down and is supplanted.
EDIT: I looked closer... some of these are older spam attacks, not all recent. Still. Watch out for outright war of the chains.
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:51:48
Sorry, I didn't know a Pi3 only uses 2.4 watts... but that still doesn't take the disk's usage into account. My benchmark from personal experience is a NAS which uses about 30 watts. And I wouldn't try to run Bitcoin on it. It just felt to me like you were lowballing your numbers.
Where is this 400tb device? I'm curious now.
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:49:21
Only if the other party doesn't bother to check within the X-day period.
Since you can't control the outcome, you risk losing the whole amount in the channel, for the small chance of gaining a lesser amount. The risk/reward won't be worth it in the vast majority of cases and it's impossible to know in advance, as the cheater, which cases those will be. Thus, you have every incentive not to broadcast these older revoked transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-08 04:10:36
Core fan and Segwit2X supporter, registering my position. I really don't think there's enough danger in the 2X part of Segwit2X to deserve all the opposition it's getting. In my ideal world, Core would begrudgingly come alongside the 2X in November so that we could have the smoothest transition possible.
My reasoning:
* Second-layer solutions will need more base layer eventually
* Gets the miners more firmly on our side vs. Bitcoin Cash
* Does help build consensus
* Keeps the moderates with Bitcoin and gives them less reason to defect to Cash
* Network, disk, and CPU capacity is, I believe, ready for it
I know it's not as simple as just doubling the limit in one line of code; there are implications of this that touch other parts of the code and may require other limits (such as on transaction size). That's why I'd rather have Core driving this transition than anyone else.
In the end, I don't think users running full nodes will be able to do much if the miners all decide to go with 2X. That's just the brutal reality.  I supported UASF (BIP148) and even ran a node, to get the Segwit part locked in. But if the miners are really determined, it will be very hard to override them. We don't need any further splintering, as that will risk giving momentum to the Bitcoin Cash chain.
@_date: 2017-08-03 22:04:43
Well, just because something can be done (actually, I argue that it won't scale to the world's needs on-chain), doesn't mean that it should be done, either. Do you tell Facebook every time you eat or pass gas?
@_date: 2017-08-11 21:22:28
I also like their one-page summary (skips the technical details): 
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:44:16
Did I ever claim to be 1/100th of the man NS is? Not sure where you got that.
All I said was that I largely agree with his position to the extent that I know it. And that I've been studying Bitcoin for about 5 years. I didn't say that I studied it exclusively or in an academic setting (though it is probably my mistake in not communicating clearly). I study it as an interested HODLer and because it is technically fascinating.
I'm no expert, but I'm way ahead of the average trash-poster on these forums. Take that for what it is, at face value.
My main purpose is to get people to think for themselves and question some of the assumptions they may have picked up.
Since various "experts" with various credentials often make contradictory claims, I have to do my own evaluation and thinking. I'm sharing my conclusions, and I hope everyone does the same thing.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:10:24
Bitcoin has the potential to be much more than the "new gold." Raw, on-chain transactions could end up more like gold, but there is so much potential for Bitcoin to scale to everyday usage by building the second layer on it.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:57:24


Depends on the nature of the hard fork. I just don't buy this as a blanket statement. What are the concrete reasons that a vast majority of the significant nodes in the network can't upgrade in 3-6 months? Anyone with a significant role or stake in Bitcoin is probably upgrading monthly at least. What other concrete reasons are there for such fear of hard forking?
@_date: 2017-08-22 00:37:37
The answer is no.  The unilaterally broadcast transaction is the one that *starts* the X-day period because it has a time lock on the funds. Once you broadcast a transaction to the blockchain to close the channel unilaterally, you cannot broadcast any other ones. The bitcoin network would say that is a double-spend and reject it.
Normally, when you want to close a channel and both sides agree to close it, you sign a *new* updated transaction equal to the amounts of the last agreed transaction, but without the time lock. When that gets broadcast, the channel closes and the funds are released immediately, without the time lock.
All of these are incentives to behave nicely with a channel partner.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:49:28
I'm not sure where you get the idea that people would be forced onto layer 2 solutions. The block size increase was always part of the plan... until a vocal minority on both sides hijacked the discussion and got us dug into opposite camps unable to compromise.
@_date: 2017-08-03 03:25:32
So miners' intransigence on Segwit had nothing to do with the drama. I see.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:26:54
So you are in favor of the government knowing everything about everyone? They always justify it by saying they need to catch "the bad guys."
There has to be a balance in there somewhere. Privacy is a human right too.
@_date: 2017-08-26 16:52:05
You are both right and wrong about the IOUs. You could think of them as IOUs, but the funds are cryptographically secure so the other party has already signed over control of the funds to you.
LN transactions *are Bitcoin transactions* signed by both parties in the channel. The only distinction is that they aren't broadcast to the Bitcoin network and included on the blockchain-- yet. Because they are already signed they can be broadcast at any time, though. It's like I give you a signed check, but we agree not to cash it because I might give you a larger check later. You can still cash it anytime if you want, but that's the end of our off-bank "channel." And in the case of LN, you know cryptographically that the check won't bounce.
We do need on-chain capacity to scale LN *channels*. But once channels are in place, the LN *transactions* scale without limit on a whole new dimension, orthogonal to block size. Plus, they're instant, more private, and still secure and trustless. This is why we're excited about the LN and think it will help Bitcoin to scale much more than it could scale just through block size increases.
Block size increases will happen. I am on record as wishing Core would go along with the 2X in November, but I don't trust the current Segwit2X team enough to ditch Core, who have brought Bitcoin safely and conservatively this far.
@_date: 2017-08-20 03:04:13
1. Get VirtualBox
2. Run a VM: ubuntu-server is my choice
3. Install bitcoin core and run it
Seems to work for me.
@_date: 2017-08-10 04:03:25
Anectodal evidence...
"How could Trump have won? All the people I know voted for Hillary."
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:14:14
I'd be greatly interested in sharding or partitioning, like the Ethereum team has been making noises about working on. Not heard whether it's a solved problem yet.
In the end, it shouldn't be necessary for every node to store every transaction that ever was. Hopefully pruning and sharding can get us to that.
My other concern is privacy. Why should I have to broadcast my daily tiny transactions to the world? I still want to use Bitcoin, but not broadcast every little detail.
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:12:08
Not many people are "ready" to be the first to throw all their transactions into SegWit, but its increasing steadily. Slowly, but steadily. The incentives are in place; wallets and merchants and so on just need to get over their inertia.
As to LN, I don't think anyone should have given the impression it was ready to roll out the day SegWit activated. I certainly have tested it on testnet and consider the *technology* almost ready. Personally I don't mind risking a small amount of funds to try it on mainnet. But I understand the argument that they really want to test it to death on testnet first, because any little loss on mainnet will become a PR problem.
@_date: 2017-08-09 16:17:00


LN is not really a side chain, just a layer of software that creates payment channels using special transactions or smart contracts on top of the main chain.




I think the LN is trying to do basically those two things that you mentioned above! :)
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:52:25
Agree about the influx of trolls, but there is honest disagreement about the desirability, feasibility, and danger of a 2X base block weight increase.
I've analyzed it every which way that I can, and I don't see why we can't do a 2X base block weight increase in November. However, I would only go with it if Core joins in and everyone comes along. I would not run Segwit2X if it is contentious and without replay protection, which I see is the real danger here.
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:45:17
Read the lightning paper: 
Also, the Flare routing paper: 
The way I understand it in layman's terms is that there are cryptographically secure ways to ask B to pay C on your behalf, and so on down a chain of payments. It is a bit similar to the tor network, where you choose the path and send your message down the line, except this time the message is a payment. Each node on the path can claim the amount coming in only if they cryptographically prove that they have forwarded the next amount to the next person in the chain-- or something like that.
@_date: 2017-08-20 22:20:09




It is actually a valid Bitcoin transaction data structure, signed by both parties, that *could be* broadcast by either party onto the blockchain. By doing so, they close the channel and collect the Bitcoin. But LN works by having them just hold the transaction privately-- and they can agree to change the payment by signing a new transaction and invalidating the former one. So the transaction is not "on chain" (yet) but it is a perfectly valid and native Bitcoin transaction.




Another user pointed out that collusion rarely works. Several people have analyzed the incentive structures of LN and find that in many cases the fees will be zero or at least as close to zero as marginal costs will allow.




There are miner fees paid to open the channel, and again to close it. Everything else in between (from zero to millions of transactions between the parties on the channel) is completely free of miner fees and does not require any involvement of the regular Bitcoin base layer at all. So let's say opening a channel costs $1, and closing costs $1. That's obviously not useful if you're only going to use the channel to make 1 payment or 2. In such a case, you'd be better off using native Bitcoin transactions on-chain.
But LN was designed to make smaller everyday payments (like to your grocery store or coffee shop) much quicker and cheaper. When you make, say, 100 payments on a channel that costs $2 total, then your cost per transaction is $0.02. And so on.


Then we increase the base block size. As I've said multiple times elsewhere, we need both on-chain scaling and off-chain scaling. Core's pace is too conservative for me, and BCash's is too quick. But I'd still rather have Core + LN than BCash without LN. That's because LN makes the base layer scale transactions on a whole new dimension, whereas base block size increases only scale them linearly.


Not really. It enables you to make many more transactions for the same (miner) price. The fee you pay to LN node operators will be much lower and is separate and independent of the fees you pay to miners.
Think of base Bitcoin as "buy one transaction get one transaction (the one you bought)" whereas LN is "buy two, get unlimited transactions free." Just like most "unlimited" deals, there are some details in the fine print*, but if you want to use a lot of small-ish transactions, this is far cheaper and scales far better.
* A few examples of limitations on the "unlimited" transaction claim: 1. You can't spend more than you commit in the channel unless you get someone to send you money back down the channel through the network-- but once it really gets going, this won't be hard. 2. LN nodes will probably charge a fee (much smaller, on the order of pennies to fractions of pennies) per transaction. 3. If you unilaterally close the channel (think, cancel the contract early), your remaining funds are held in escrow for a few days before they are released back to you, as a safety measure for the counterparty. These are still much better terms than the average "unlimited" contract for phone service, for example. And you can keep multiple channels open to mitigate some of these issues.
@_date: 2017-08-04 20:53:08
Roughly speaking, that is my understanding. Miners are the most critical, because they generate blocks. Major economic players like exchanges and payment processors are next.  But both of these have good monetary incentives to stay up to date. This is why I don't see why we should be so scared of a hard fork, unless (as in some cases is actually true) some parts of the ecosystem is simply refusing to go along.  If the concern for a particular hard fork is mainly that people might fall behind due to neglect, then I think we don't really have good reasons to worry.
@_date: 2017-08-24 05:17:20
We're witnessing history! Keep it up, lightning dev teams!
@_date: 2017-08-31 11:25:48
Thanks for all the great work! Now watch as these same FUDsters pull all your hard work and improvements into their forks ��
I'm running a couple of full nodes in VMs, and I do have one improvement request. Is there a way to improve the reliability of the database during interruptions? Every time the process gets interrupted, the DB gets corrupted and I have to do a full rescan or reindexing. Most modern DBs I work with are pretty resilient to interruptions, through journaling, etc. Is this a problem of the underlying DB? Is it LevelDB?
At any rate, I mitigated it by using btrfs and taking regular snapshots (after stopping bitcoind the right way, briefly).
By the way, btrfs with snapshots is awesome for claiming your fork money without redownloading the whole chain. I made a snapshot before the Aug 1 split and the two chains now share their common history on disk as well.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:29:34
I don't see 3 months as "hasty" when we've been talking about it for years.
A simple hard fork is not as scary as it sounds.
For now, I think miners are making plenty of money from the coinbase. Fees don't need to be high.
@_date: 2017-08-15 13:42:40
Not really. You also need to make sure the private keys generated by the seed aren't accessible anywhere.
In terms of you losing your phone, yes, all you need is the seed to recover the money on a new device. This is ensuring YOU have access.
In terms of getting hacked, though, you need to prevent OTHERS access. That's a completely different problem. First, yes, you need to make sure no one else can get your seed. But if they can take over your device, they can get the private keys, and that's what spends the bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:59:37
The Lightning Network is not really directly comparable to a credit card. You have to commit funds up front as a way to keep the channel honest.
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:30:53
CompSci basics. You can only scale so far linearly.
LN will make it feasible to send almost UNLIMITED small dollar amount payments, WITHOUT a block size increase. Let's do that first and then scale the base block size to increase the number of users.
I half agree with you. I wish we had a 2X block size increase already, but we don't need 8X yet, especially with LN.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:18:27
So BlockStream controls all the Core team somehow, just because they hired a few of the members?
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:57:12
Don't worry, the relative distribution of hash power will eventually follow the relative price of the two coins.
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:33:03


That right there is where you have it 180 degrees wrong.


Just because it is simple doesn't mean it is either better or worse. Simplicity is one goal among many. Sometimes you can get more with less, but most of the time there are tradeoffs. And many great things are actually very complex under the hood. Horse-drawn carriages were much simpler than cars. And Morse Code is much simpler than our smart phones today.
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:50:37
My biggest mistake in my original post was to imply that such transactions should NOT be on the chain (as in, should be forced off the chain). It was not my intention to communicate that, but when I read it again, I see this would be easy to understand as the message.  What I really meant is that I have many reasons I would not want my coffee transactions on the chain.
Ultimately I want more choice: I want the choice to make transactions off-chain but backed up by the chain; and I don't want to remove anyone's choice to transact on-chain if they so desire.
Technically, though, this requires at least two things:
1. Better support on the base layer for things like the Lightning Network (e.g. Segwit to fix malleability)
2. More capacity on the base layer for the eventual needs of the growing user base (thus, my support for the 2X part of Segwit2X)
Practically, this also implies that long-term, we *are* better off if these small transactions mostly occur off-chain. Again, though I miscommunicated this, I don't want to *force* anyone or their transactions off chain, but it does make things better for the network and for on-chain transactions if people choose to move these off-chain.
In the end, it really makes no sense to me that we should *require* all transactions, especially the small, insignificant ones, to be replicated to thousands of nodes and kept in the blockchain forever. If Bitcoin is only ever used for on-chain transactions, then practically speaking, I will not be able to buy coffee with Bitcoin on a regular basis.
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:48:01
In theory as long as Monero supports the Lightning Network (I don't know that it does), you could do these swaps with it.
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:32:50
LN fees will be much lower
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:46:54
Good, we're starting to agree, roughly speaking ;-)
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:52:15
It's not obvious that a hard fork to get a simple 2X scaling of the base layer has to be that scary. Satoshi certainly didn't seem to think it would be that big of a deal if we planned at least a few months in advance.
What, exactly, are you afraid could happen if we scale 2X in November? Assuming we start planning, implementing and testing now.
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:24:59


Fundamentally disagree. We can use 2 Bitcoin transactions to enforce an agreement between us whereby we precommit some money to prevent fraud, then do an unlimited number of transactions between us, and finally close out the final tally back on the blockchain.  That's the essence of the Lightning Network, and it will make coffee payments and many other things much more scalable for everyone who chooses to use them. It also eases congestion on the network for anyone who doesn't use them.
There are many other use cases. See Andreas' talk on Streaming Money (you can't do that on-chain... it won't scale!) 
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:47:45




The simple 2x scaling may not be as simple as a 1-line code change, but come on. How hard can it be to code in a sane limit on transaction size so that the quadratic hashing problem isn't any worse than it is today?
This is not so complicated that it can't be implemented, tested, and rolled out in 3 months.
@_date: 2017-08-20 22:39:58


Dream on.
Even if it gets more blocks, it will be at a much lower difficulty (thus, much lower proof of work.)
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:22:33
Download "Eclair" on your phone *today*. It is working on testnet.
Not sure if it will go live on mainnet tomorrow, but it is at least alpha-level ready to do so. If they do, they will put in some very low spending limits at first, so that if there are bugs, people will only lose a few dollars at most.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:21:21
Nope. Nothing wrong with that.
Sometimes we order little things over the Internet, though. Content, for example. What if I want to pay 1 penny per page of a book I want to read online? Doesn't make sense to transact on-chain for that...
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:44:23
All of this is a lot of expense and work. Yes, I've used mixers before. No, just avoiding the reuse of addresses is not enough.
I'm not talking about laundering money here, I'm just talking about not having my daily transactions broadcast everywhere.
LN will give me enough privacy, I hope. Certainly improves things by not requiring a broadcast to THE ENTIRE WORLD that someone just bought coffee.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:34:29
Heh, just look at all the anti-LN comments on the LN threads today. The anti LN FUD is in full swing.
@_date: 2017-08-22 01:08:20


If you only make a payment once in a long while, then LN is not for you. LN is intended for multiple smaller payments.
But if you are connected to LN and your friend is connected, then LN will be able to make that 1-time payment, as long as it can find a route from you to him. And, it can do it instantly and for almost no added cost.
You wouldn't connect to LN *just* to make 1 payment and then close the channel. That's counterproductive, but it is also missing the entire point of LN.


Misunderstandings abound.
* LN *is* Bitcoin. You commit real Bitcoin, and you send payments as signed Bitcoin transactions back and forth privately. It's mainly a layer above Bitcoin that enables peer-to-peer direct accounting back and forth before settling on a final tally. It is still trustless because any dispute will be settled on chain if necessary.
* LN will have highly-connected hubs, but you won't have to tie yourself to them in the same way you tie yourself to a bank. You are free to connect to any of them at any time and maintain several connections if you want. Like the Internet itself, it's designed to route around censorship and control. But better than the Internet, you have your choice of "ISP" (connection hub into the network) from anywhere in the world; you are not tied down geographically to one or two big monopolistic ISPs. Barriers to entry are very low and there will be a lot of competition among LN nodes.
* The LN network is not really that different from the Bitcoin network itself. Like Bitcoin, it is peer-to-peer and trustless. It uses intermediaries (but so does Bitcoin-- your transactions are relayed by nodes and confirmed by miners-- how about the centralization of mining? There's a third-party centralized problem you should be more worried about!)  Most of the differences are improvements. It is *more* anonymous, *more* instant, scales practically unlimited in volume of transactions (after the important first step of on-chain channel setup).


LN will enable so many more transactions and use cases than Bitcoin itself ever could even with massive linear scaling. Have you seen Andreas Antonopoulos's video on "streaming money"?   If not, then you should. It sometimes takes imagination to see what new applications a new technology opens up, and LN enables many applications that were *never* possible on the Bitcoin base layer. Not to mention enabling what we envisioned from the beginning-- quick payments for everyday purchases like coffee and groceries.


You already do. They are called Bitcoin nodes and miners. Centralized mining is a much bigger problem than anything LN will cause.


Fees which are FAR lower than the miners charge, and in many cases could be zero. Dude, you're really scraping the bottom of the barrel to find any FUD you can sling up.


* Instant, secure payments
* Unlimited number of transactions
* Better privacy (important to some, like me)
* (Coming soon) Cross-chain atomic swaps (look ma, no third-party, centralized exchanges needed!)


This is totally random. Not sure what you mean. It would be cost-prohibitive to do many the things LN will let you do, on Bitcoin itself, even with huge blocks. Opening the channel-- a one-time cost. Benefit: send as many payments as you want.
Concrete example. Let's say it costs $1 to open a channel and $1 to close it. In between, you send 100 payments. Your cost: a little over $0.02 per payment.


You know what they say about "assuming" things.
Onion routing (like Tor) is also being developed for the Lightning Network. This means that you assemble a route to your payee, and each node on the route only sees the node before it and after it. They have no clue who the real start and endpoint are. Much better for privacy than *any* credit card network, and much better than on-chain transactions in Bitcoin itself!


It certainly is a way to make individual transactions not just faster, but nearly instantaneous.


It is built completely ON bitcoin, just like HTTP is built on TCP. It violates none of the properties of the lower layer, but leverages them to do greater things.


Well, you're certainly entitled to your own opinion, but as the above shows, there are a lot of misconceptions in there. If you still think it "sucks" then go ahead and ignore it, or live with BCash. (By the way, I hear they want to enable the LN over on BCash too, eventually. Right now, though, they want as much FUD as possible about anything the original Bitcoin community is trying to do, to drive people over to BCash.)
@_date: 2017-08-21 02:52:43
Fair enough reasoning.
I predict nothing much will happen, certainly nothing like a 60% switch of hash power.
Even if it did, the situation would rectify itself. If 60% hash power switches to BCash, it will have a HUGE difficulty adjustment upward by Thursday or Friday. Why? Because with roughly 10x the hashpower it needs to find a block every 10 minutes at current much-reduced difficulty, it will find a block every minute. It will be a crazy-fast chain! Then it will reach the 2016 block adjustment period in a couple days, and readjust WAY up. Profitability will track back down probably below the market price.
Again, that's assuming you are even correct. We will find out in 2 days.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:18:22
Sheer quantity of them, from a scaling point of view, is one difference.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:45:36
I think what bell2366 is hinting at is that merchants will no longer even bother adding explicit support for LTC or other altcoins. They will just add support for accepting BTC over the LN and call it done.
In the end, that just cements BTC's position as the gateway coin through which you enter and exit crypto-land. (It already has that role to a large extent-- most of the altcoins cannot be bought directly with USD but must be bought indirectly through BTC.)
I think it will be a bit of both. BTC will be boosted in this gateway role, and altcoins will suddenly also gain a lot of actual real-world utility. This grows the entire crypto pie; or you could think of it as a tree with a growing trunk (BTC) and growing branches (altcoins).
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:48:46
Also, an easier read starting here: 
@_date: 2017-08-02 13:48:34
I understand. You are a different case than that pictured in the comic above.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:24:55
The BCH pushers are out in force today, trying to rope in innocent noobs and casual passers-by with their fantasies about a "cashening" or "tippening."
This is a fictional story that BCH supporters are telling themselves about how BCH will reach a "tipping point" and suddenly BTC will crash into a "death spiral" because of the mining difficulty adjustments, etc.
It ignores the reality that 1) mining follows price, and 2) in an extreme case, Bitcoin Core can easily implement an emergency difficulty adjustment just as BCash had to do.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:21:59
Coffee is an example, a common metaphor for everyday small transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-30 11:47:14
Most people probably wouldn't have a channel directly to their employer. Use the power of the Lightning Network. Your employer could easily send you payments through any number of other routes as long as there is a route from them to you.
See limits discussion above, though.
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:52:25
LN transactions are actual Bitcoin transaction data structures that you send directly to the other party, already pre-signed, but not broadcast to the Bitcoin network or chain.
It is secure for the other party because they have your signature on it, giving them the right to spend the outputs you signed, at any time of their choosing, by broadcasting the transaction to the Bitcoin network. The key is that they choose not to broadcast it yet, but hold onto it. Later you can send another transaction changing the amounts, and there is a mechanism to revoke the previous transaction, and so on. You can update the transaction an unlimited number of times.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:07:40
You need the two transactions on the blockchain to secure the many transactions off-chain through the channel. That's what makes it all work in a trustless manner. I'm not arguing you don't need the Bitcoin network at all, just that we don't need it to register every stinkin' coffee transaction-- if, that is, we can bundle them all up together in a summary transaction once a month, for example.
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:53:45
Let's use an example.
If a regular on-chain transaction costs $1, then setting up a LN channel costs probably about $2. Much later when you close it, you probably need to pay another $2 or so.
But in the meantime, you could send anywhere from zero to millions of transactions on the channel, routing to anyone else on the Lightning Network. Let's say you send 100 transactions, then close the channel. Let's say the LN nodes charge you $0.05 per transaction (this is probably high but I'm going to be conservative).
Your transactions effectively cost $0.05 + ($4 / 100) = $0.09 each.
Every example will be wildly different based on usage, but I hope you get the picture.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:42:03
A little cheaper-- slowly at first because people won't all switch to using SegWit transactions. Once a good number of transactions are SegWit, we effectively have double the capacity.
No one can predict the actual price, because adoption of Bitcoin may spike and use up all the additional capacity. Fees will stay the same. Or, adoption could stagnate and fees will go down.
Long term, LN will make the dream of using Bitcoin for everyday purchases an actual possible reality for millions, using a lot less space on the base layer. More block size increases will happen, eventually.
LN is ready to go. I tried it out on testnet using a phone app. It's slicker and more convenient than any of the naysayers even imagine. It will win over a lot of people. It's not 100% production ready but it's darn close. Adoption will of course take time.
@_date: 2017-08-24 04:51:18
Some say it will make merchants only accept BTC and not bother with the other ones, since they will be trivially converted to BTC anyways.
I don't know whether it increases BTC's network effect. We'll have to wait and see.
@_date: 2017-08-31 15:21:30
The Bible, never to be added to or improved upon. /s
Seriously, are you implying SegWit transactions have any less security than non-SegWit transactions? You're listening to a bunch of FUDsters and conspiracy theorists.
@_date: 2017-08-16 16:25:22
If you have a lot, your safest and possibly easiest option (though it will take some time) is to fire up a full node (Bitcoin Core standard software) and import the private address. Then split it into a bunch of smaller paper wallets, and use them one by one as you need them. (E.g. send to Coinbase, whatever.)
Electrum could also work if you don't want to run a full node.
@_date: 2017-08-21 16:14:04
I half agree with you. I wish for a 2X increase, but not via a contentious hardfork.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:55:56
You've got a good example going on, but missing one thing. In order for the cross-chain atomic swap to occur as described in this post, you need to be transacting on the LN. So you would want to have a LTC channel open already.
I can see where someone has multiple cryptocurrencies and wants to spend the cheapest ones and HODL the ones they think will rise fastest, long-term. Then it makes sense for them to spend them through the LN without being concerned about what currency the merchant is actually accepting.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:35:04
I set up a similar conversation over there: 
And going over there, I realized my conversation here got reposted by someone else also. Great.
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:16:51
It depends on your perspective, really. I see a lot of energy and activity surrounding Bitcoin, especially now that SegWit has activated.
Yes, there are lots of altcoins, and each one may have a few great ideas that make Bitcoin look outdated, but those few ideas are their only differentiator. Most of the altcoins do not have a whole ecosystem of developers building them, extending them, and building on top of them to anywhere near the degree that Bitcoin does. Ethereum is the only other coin I can see that has a comparable development ecosystem around it.
A lot of new ideas are about to be implemented in Bitcoin or on top of Bitcoin. There is a lot of pent-up energy released by SegWit now. That doesn't mean you'll see it all tomorrow; we're talking the biggest money in crypto space so things will move forward cautiously and with lots of testing. A LOT more testing than you'll see on almost any altcoin. So when we do get new features, we'll know they are rock-solid.
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:45:49
Let's say you have some litecoins. You want to spend them. You go to a web shop that only accepts bitcoins. Using the magic of the Lightning Network and leveraging some nodes that will basically be like automatic litecoin/bitcoin exchanges for you, you can make a payment in litecoins that instantly and securely gets paid to the shop in bitcoins.
The exchange rate is whatever the exchange nodes are offering. Your wallet might have a choice of exchange nodes and would pick the one giving the best exchange rate.
@_date: 2017-08-24 04:50:29
LN doesn't use third-party escrow. I used the wrong word. It should read, "your remaining funds are held in a time lock for a few days before they are released back to you..."
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:35:34
It can help. I'm interested in this, too.
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:26:26
I find it hard to believe that someone significantly invested in Bitcoin as a business, etc. would not be upgrading every month. Has anyone quantified how many such businesses are running on, say, 6-month-old software?
@_date: 2017-08-29 19:05:34
It's low because of the blatant propagandizing in the "alert."
@_date: 2017-08-23 18:02:36


I searched really hard, and I can't find any information about *patents* related to the Lightning Network.
As far as I can tell, the Lightning Network was an independent project come up with by Joseph Poon and Thaddeus Dryja. Blockstream has *one* developer, Rusty Russell, contributing to the LN spec and to one implementation. But there are also several other independent open-source implementations and teams.
So I don't think there is *any* risk of LN being controlled by one corporation or party.
@_date: 2017-08-10 04:24:59
HODLing is a lot less stressful. Some people are successful day traders-- but I think they pay for it in gray hairs.
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:47:31
I think we're talking about a fundamental change to Bitcoin at this point. Like on the level of changing it into something closer to Ethereum.
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:13:56
Here's a good start: 
There's also:
* 
* 
* 
* 
@_date: 2017-08-18 12:20:25
I am guessing here based on my limited understanding and some basic logic, that Theymos is referring to some kind of emergency difficulty adjustment and/or PoW changes in case of a major loss of current mining hash power.
Am I in the right ballpark, u/theymos?
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:11:44
Deleted the duplicate.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:20:02
The BCH pushers are out in force today, trying to rope in innocent noobs and casual passers-by with their conspiracy theories.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:14:54
Thanks, you get it.
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:46:50
With LTC &lt;-&gt; BTC atomic swaps on the Lightning Network, you will soon be able to spend litecoin wherever bitcoin is accepted-- and vice versa.
See the power of this?
@_date: 2017-08-16 19:13:44
Supposedly it will hard fork in November. A group of companies is backing some developers to create a Bitcoin client that supports SegWit and also doubles the base block weight ("size"). As soon as a block larger than the current weight limit of 1MB is mined by some miner running this software, all nodes that are running the Bitcoin Core software will reject that block and continue on their own chain.
What determines which chain is valid, original, or the "true Bitcoin"? I suppose, ultimately, it will be decided by users and miners.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:26:06
I don't know of any such list.
I do remember Andreas Antonopoulos listing off the 3 main features that *any* cryptocoin needs in order to support LN, though I can't remember them all right now. One is hashed time lock contracts, I think the other is multisig transactions...
"Segwit" is just a vehicle for fixing one weakness in Bitcoin (transaction malleability), to make the Lightning Network work much better. It could work without it, but has more limited capabilities and more inconveniences.
In practical terms, someone will need to write a Lightning Network bridge or module or plugin for each of the cryptocoins that want to be on the Lightning Network. For example, lnd (one of the leading Lightning Network projects) has code to work on top of Bitcoin and other code to work on top of Litecoin. The code is very similar because the coins are similar, but you're interacting with different chains and slightly different rules, so there is some adaptation necessary. Then, someone on the Lightning Network needs to run this code.
If someone wants to send Digibyte over LN, someone needs to write this code and run a node that has the Digibyte chain and the LN running this code. Same for any other coin.
@_date: 2017-08-09 16:08:03
LN is envisioned as a peer-to-peer network of channels, so that if A wants to pay D, but doesn't have a channel directly to D, they can still transact through channels A-B, B-C, C-D. This routing part is the main question remaining about whether it will end up being practical/feasible or not. Many people do see it will end up with some peers having a lot of connections (some "centralization") but you are always free to choose which peers you connect to, so there will be competition and censorship resistance, just like the Internet and how it routes around censorship.
@_date: 2017-08-02 22:39:45
If you sent your BTC to a wallet before the fork, then your coins are on both chains-- you automatically have BTC and BCH.
Coinbase is just saying they don't want to support BCH, so if you had BTC there, they won't go out of their way to give you corresponding BCH which they don't even support. If they ever change their mind, they'll make it good as if you had the BCH corresponding to your BTC at the time of the fork.
@_date: 2017-08-21 22:44:23
**TL;DR** Neither Starbucks nor you can steal the $20. There are cases where users can roll back to older transactions, but they can be punished by the other side taking all the money if they do.
Starbucks can't unilaterally sign a transaction taking all the money. The only valid transactions are ones signed by both parties.
*The tricky part comes when dealing with "old" transactions superseded by newer ones.* This is where a lot of misunderstandings and FUD originate.
Using $ for ease of understanding and continuing your simplified example:
* You open a channel to Starbucks with $20. Initial transaction is a smart contract transaction that goes on the blockchain, and it says that you will get the $20, and Starbucks gets $0, because you haven't yet bought anything.
* You buy a coffee for $5. Under the hood, you send a transaction to Starbucks saying you get $15, and Starbucks gets $5. Both of you sign it. You do NOT broadcast it to the chain but keep it private.
* Later you buy another coffee. Again, send a transaction to Starbucks saying you get $10, and Starbucks gets $10. You also both agree to invalidate the older $15/$5 transaction.
Normally, to close a channel, both sides sign an updated version of the final transaction, send it to the Bitcoin network, and both get their money as soon as it confirms on the blockchain.
But in case one party becomes unresponsive, LN also allows you to publish the latest transaction unilaterally, since it is signed by both already. Unilaterally closing the channel this way locks up the funds for a few days before you can spend them elsewhere.
The problem comes when **you** decide to cheat Starbucks out of $5 (the latest payment) by unilaterally closing the channel by publishing the older, $15/$5 transaction. Bitcoin has no way of knowing whether this transaction is or is not the last transaction between you two, since all transactions were conducted in private until this point.
LN addresses this problem by requiring you to sign a special "revocation" transaction for the old transaction, at the time you sign a new transaction to update to a new payment. This "revocation" transaction allows Starbucks to take ALL $20 *if and only if* you broadcast the old, mutually revoked transaction. In addition, transactions shared in private have a time lock on them of X days. So they can't be spent for X days if broadcast unilaterally, giving the cheated party time to broadcast the "revocation" transaction and punish the other party for rolling back to an older transaction. This is kind of complicated, but it is the mechanism LN uses to "revoke" transactions-- basically, incentivizing people to be honest with the prospect of punishment (losing all coins in the channel) if they roll back to an old transaction.
Starbucks can ONLY broadcast this revocation transaction on top of your older transaction. They can't arbitrarily take the $20, and neither can you.
 
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:31:03
Well, I want Bitcoin to scale to the world.
It's going to take a lot more than 1MB on the base layer to support that. And, it's going to take a lot of 2nd-layer goodness, otherwise the base layer either won't scale enough, or will scale but at huge cost to some of the other valuable properties of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:54:16
I can see you are trashing LN anywhere you can, and you have a very closed mind about it. You're also not very technical in your understanding of it. You speak in vague generalities.  This betrays your lack of depth reading about it. So you should really educate yourself first and when you can explain it from both sides, come back and argue. Or maybe, if you actually have an open mind, you might come around and change your mind.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:28:19
I'm roughly aware of their algorithm, but this is Bitcoin. If we use the DAG transactions approach, it is not only no longer Bitcoin, it is not even a blockchain. I'm not sure Bitcoin will go that far.
@_date: 2017-08-22 23:04:58
What patents are held by Blockstream related to Lightning Network?
@_date: 2017-08-23 20:52:49
Technical wizardry.
SegWit doesn't change the existing rules or block structure enough to make the old nodes require an upgrade. It gives old nodes a version of the block that doesn't include the signature data for SegWit transactions. To the old nodes, they look like weird transactions, but still valid by the old rules.
To upgraded nodes, which includes all the miners and probably anyone of significance economically (because they'll want to accept these new SegWit transactions), peers will send the new SegWit-style block which **is larger** and **does contain the signatures** (despite what FUDsters say). The main difference besides the size is that the signatures are moved to the end of the block.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:54:01
This. The other side of difficulty adjustment that the BCH crowd forgot is that it goes UP on the chain everyone mines.
@_date: 2017-08-15 13:39:04
Depends on the amount.
Gotta ask yourself: if a hacker had total control of my laptop/computer, could they still get at my bitcoins?  Because that is the real danger. If they can read your keystrokes, they can get your password eventually. I don't know how the 2FA works with electrum, though.
Main thing is, can they get your private keys? If so, they can get your money. Remember: whoever owns/sees the private keys, owns the bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-31 18:56:35
I must have a strange setup or a bad VM solution, then. (It's VirtualBox.) It was always during initial block download... if anything happened to the host machine, or if the VM got stuck for any reason and I had to hard-reset it, the database would *always* show up corrupted on the next restart attempt.  With btrfs snapshots, it became a minor inconvenience, though.
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:07:46


FTFY. Scaling to billions of users will still require a HUGE base block weight increase to be anywhere near usable. For the earth's population, eventually something like 133MB blocks. Source: LN presentation at 
I'm very bullish on LN and it will scale *transactions* on a whole new dimension. It will help offload some use cases from the base on-chain layer, but the important thing is that it enables *entire new use cases* that weren't feasible on Bitcoin when it had nearly empty blocks, and are even less feasible when the blocks are full.  It's a whole new ballgame. Coffee payments, groceries, etc. using native Bitcoin will be completely feasible. Micropayments of fractions of a penny (say, for streaming content and paying by the minute) will now be possible where before that would be laughable to attempt.
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:25:01
It's a subversive alt that wants to take the place of Bitcoin, whose supporters actively tried to undermine Segwit and are now trying to undermine Bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:16:32


Good thing I don't think that. LN obviously only makes sense for multiple transactions over a period of time, settling down to the blockchain using just 2 transactions from time to time. And yes, we still need on-chain scaling to be able to support those periodic settlement transactions if the user base scales as we hope it does. And yes, we should still be able to transact directly on-chain if we want to or for those 1-time payments.  Why not all of the above? That's what I'm arguing for.
The original title just points out the absurdity, though, of expecting to handle everyday small transactions for everyone, all on-chain. I want on chain scaling and off chain scaling options as well.
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:31:19
According to  as miners switch over, BCH is now finding 30 blocks an hour, or one block every 2 minutes, as I predicted.  According to  BCH difficulty will retarget back UP in 2 days, maybe even by Wednesday. Profitability will come down again.
This is why I said the folks pushing the "cashening" narrative and the "chain death spiral" are only thinking one or two moves ahead. Yes, so what if a bunch of miners switch over? The difficulty retargets and they are no longer so profitable. So they will switch back over to Bitcoin.
Bitcoin doesn't have the emergency difficulty adjustment, but it will retarget its difficulty down soon enough if necessary, and even if it doesn't, the difficulty retargeting UP on BCH will push miners back. There may be some see-saw effect for a while until an equilibrium is reached.
In the end, the mining hashrate on each chain will be roughly proportional to price. This is the markets working as designed.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:19:39
This is very likely to happen. LN reduces fees for the exchanges too, so I don't see why they wouldn't want to use it.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:21:12
You are right, if it is a one-off due to bad design of the system.
We need to optimize as much as we can by using 2nd-layer solutions, but there are fundamental properties of Bitcoin that will require scaling of the base layer if we want to expand to a much larger userbase, even with 2nd-layer solutions in place.
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:18:12
We may not be able to exactly quantify how much block size is needed now or in 3 months. My argument is that we will eventually need it, so we should be ready ahead of time rather than rushing a block size increase at the last minute.
@_date: 2017-08-03 06:37:07
Wrong, the "small blockers" also want to work on both.
It's a matter of priorities. "Small blockers" say let's solve the layer-2 stuff first, and increase the block size... "maybe later" when it's needed.
"Big blockers" say let's increase the block size NOW, and "maybe later" we'll revisit some of these layer-2 projects.
Why not both, now?
Seems like both sides have gotten to the point of resisting each others' priorities out of spite, actually.
@_date: 2017-08-02 22:40:53
Send a small amount. Get the BTC out of the exchange and into your control ASAP. Then, if they didn't bilk you out of the small amount, repeat with 2x the amount, and so on.
Like I said, it's "moderately" hard to do right, but the first step is... well, the most important?
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:53:44
I'm familiar with most of these arguments, but at least some of them don't seem solid to me. For example:


year or more is likely required in any hard fork
What folks? What concrete reasons do they give?
At this point, it really does start to feel like fear of a hard fork for unspecified reasons, or reasons that really can be addressed without a huge effort, is a stalling tactic.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:52:50
I have been hearing some noises on the small block side about keeping the block size at 1MB for the foreseeable future. But I know they are in the minority.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:50:53
Makes sense. It would make more sense to me if it aligned with the Segwit2X agreement. I know Core was not part of that agreement, but as a result of that agreement, we did get SegWit, no? So it would seem to me a reasonable compromise and an olive branch, to go ahead with the 2X part of it.
@_date: 2017-08-03 05:10:22
The possibility of malicious actors is there.
But so is the reality that disagreement quickly gets out of hand in a political environment, and conspiracy theories are quick to spring up on both sides. I don't buy for a minute that Blockstream and AXA are trying to subvert Bitcoin. I value the decentralization that makes Bitcoin special.  But I also don't buy the idea that a significant portion of the big blocker camp has evil intentions either. Well, you can have Craig Wright in that category, at least, if you insist.
@_date: 2017-08-28 22:15:41


I didn't say anything about centralization.
If you think the word "hub" means I was implying a completely centralized model, you're wrong. The network itself can end up centralized (spoke and hub), but it can also end up (and is intended/hoped to end up) more like a *mesh network* with a lot of well-connected nodes of various sizes. The word "hub" was perhaps ill chosen, because the LN is peer-to-peer, just like Bitcoin. I meant a "node" in LN in roughly the same sense as a Bitcoin node today. I plan on running such a "hub" or "node" as soon as I can; I have the software and am testing it.
@_date: 2017-08-23 19:57:50
Care to elaborate on which assumptions you think are made, and why you think they are questionable?
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:17:20
You're either trolling or being sarcastic.
I think LN *technology* is almost ready to use, personally; but it's going to go through a lot of testing before release on mainnet. Even after it is released, it will take some time to build up hub nodes, and onboard a lot of merchants who accept it.
@_date: 2017-08-03 20:38:05
Basic implementation is already available on testnet and Litecoin.
I think the missing piece is how to put together the network of channels such that I can pay any arbitrary person. That is hopefully coming soon.
@_date: 2017-08-22 12:42:58
Contrary to what you say, the Core dev team has repeatedly said a block weight increase is going to happen. They disagree with some people about the timing. They think it's best to have a much longer preparation period rather than rolling it out in 3 months in a contentious fork. I can see their point of view, even though I personally think they're being too conservative about it. It's not as serious a matter to me to make me want to "fire" them (as if) especially since other scaling solutions like LN are coming soon. I may not like it or agree with it 100% but I can definitely live with a "wait and see what SegWit and LN do" approach for a while.
@_date: 2017-08-05 03:30:45
Everyone upvote this. I'm an open-minded guy, and I try to give people the benefit of the doubt on both sides. I believe most people just want what's best for Bitcoin.
But when something so obviously malicious presents itself, it does need to be pointed out.
Show pictures. A bunch of links is not going to catch people's imagination. I actually clicked through to the links, and followed them back in the chain of transactions a bit. It's much worse than you think.
Someone is meticulously preparing thousands of spam transactions. A single one of the transactions linked to above is only costing $0.25 or so. Going back up the chain, you can see hundreds if not thousands of such transactions being prepared.
@_date: 2017-08-25 14:42:53
Since when does Blockstream control Bitcoin?
You're into conspiracy theory land, my friend.
@_date: 2017-08-24 03:14:22
I'm afraid you have a bias against the Lightning Network, most likely because you believe big blocks will scale to VISA levels without problems and that we should keep everything on the base (on-chain) layer. This is an educated guess on my part.
Since you want to see this particular scaling solution be THE one, you are *predisposed* to look for any possible downsides in competing solutions and magnify them in your mind, while simultaneously downplaying or minimizing the benefits. You write in terms that are specific enough to sound convincing (first of all, to yourself as you search for flaws) and you hope, to others; but still general enough that it is not easy to point out flaws in your reasoning.
I get it. This is the natural human process of rationalization, and we all suffer from it, myself included. It helps to become more aware of it and observe oneself seeking for justification for one position and for dismissing another position.
I know I'm also trying to rationalize why Lightning Network has captured my imagination and seems so promising. Some of what I write may fall into the same category of speculation based on my knowledge so far, especially since it is impossible to know how this will all play out in the future. But I'll try my best to reason through it fairly.
In the meantime, I'm trying to analyze your arguments, and they don't meet up with the reality of what I'm seeing and understanding, having looked at the Lightning Network quite extensively. I'm setting up a Lightning Network node at the moment, in fact. With little capital involved.
I cannot answer every single point in your long message, for lack of time and because of the lack of specificity in some cases. But here are some flaws in what you have written.


This is irrelevant because they can join the network on any scale. The barriers to entry are very low. Number of channels does scale with the amount of capital needed, but LN will be used for small payments mostly, with larger payments using on-chain transactions. So opening a channel doesn't take much.
An analogy is Web servers. Some Web hosting companies run large server farms and can serve many web pages; but there are plenty of smaller players who host their own websites or a handful of other websites.
A better analogy is the peer-to-peer network of Bitcoin itself. Nodes connect to each other to relay transactions nearly instantaneously. In some sense, the Lightning Network is very similar and inspired by some of the same principles (just look at the code). It is peer-to-peer in design. One main difference is that it *routes* payments to a target node rather than *broadcasting* payments to the whole network; another is that the payments are secured by cryptographic signatures and anchored on the blockchain, even though they are sent peer-to-peer. They are binding until mutually revoked, unlike a transaction that is in the mempool and cannot be relied upon until mined.


I will summarize what I think you said because it is very long. I think you are saying that users will be incentivized to open their channels only to the largest nodes.
This is another misunderstanding or oversight. I could connect to *any* hub that is connected eventually to the recipients I want. Alice really doesn't get a better experience by connecting to Bob1 who has 1000 channels than to Bob2 who has 10-- *as long as either Bob eventually connects to the rest of the network*. They are equally capable of routing her payment to the next peer they know that is closer to her target. It's the six-degrees-to-Kevin-Bacon phenomenon. Technology makes it trivial to use 30 hops instead of 6 hops. Most Internet traffic makes 30 hops for example.
In other words, there is little incentive for end users to open channels to huge hubs vs. more local, smaller hubs. And there is a lot less centralization effects than, say, for mining or for VISA for that matter. Since it's all LN, LN itself is the platform and the common denominator. Like the Internet, once you're on at any point, you're connected to everything.


Heh. It's actually quite trivial to open channels. I can do it on my phone with the Eclair app with 1 tap and entering the amount I want to commit to the channel. In the future, wallets may even completely automate the channels for you, and it will all work seamlessly under the hood.


Since we're talking about a network that doesn't yet exist except in testnet, it's impossible for me to disprove your claims about the eventual network topography, and it is also impossible for you to prove that your ideas about it are inevitable. Only time will really tell.
I can say emphatically that this is not ALL that LN does. It does the following also:
* Makes Bitcoin scale along a whole new *dimension* (transaction volume)
* Makes payments *instant*, securely
* Enables new kinds of applications using Bitcoin that are not even *possible* with on-chain payments
* Improves privacy dramatically
So no, LN is not just a ploy for centralization. It brings a lot of benefits, and that's why a lot of us are excited to see it become a reality.
If you are afraid that LN will lead to centralization, don't use it. You have on-chain transactions, and if you think the block size is too constrained, you have BCH. No need to come around and bash LN prematurely. If it's fair game for BCH to fork off to serve the desires of one part of the community, it's fair game for another part of the community to pursue our vision of using BTC plus second-layer solutions.
@_date: 2017-08-03 04:01:10
I'm literally telling you, then, that you are wrong. SegWit is a part of the overall needed solution. 
Observing that Bitcoin is being torn apart by politics of stupidity is not a platitude. It's a sad, regrettable reality that didn't have to be.
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:02:22
Not really. ShapeShift will continue to be needed for on-chain swaps.
Cross-chain atomic swaps are only for LN transactions, so unless you're already on LN or plan to open a channel just for this purpose, it won't help you.
Also, LN transactions and channels will be limited especially at first, to smaller amounts. This is for safety and to prevent any unforeseen bugs from causing major losses. So if you want to pay for your coffee or your water bill in LTC but the merchant only accepts BTC, this is perfect. But if you want to convert $1000 in BTC to LTC or vice versa, you'll still need something like ShapeShift.
@_date: 2017-08-20 21:17:37
There is a round button near the bottom of the main screen in the app. It has a paper airplane icon. Like the send icon for an email.
Click it and it gives you available options for sending. Most common option will be to scan a QR code requesting payment. Then it will fill in the target recipient and the amount for you, so you can just tap send and off it goes! Very convenient.
I hope this helps!
@_date: 2017-08-23 21:18:25
LN channels are bidirectional. They have an "amount" spendable on each end, but that amount can go back and forth.
Example: Alice and Bob each put $10 into a channel. Now, Alice can send up to $10 to Bob (who ends up with $20), or Bob can send up to $10 to Alice (who ends up with $20). If Alice already sent $10 to Bob, she can't send any more to him. But if Bob then sends her some (up to the $20 total that is in the channel), she can send it back again.
You may wonder why Alice and Bob need to go back and forth so much.
The point is that Alice and Bob are part of a larger network, and Charlie could route payments to Alice through Bob. Alice could also be routing payments through Bob to Dave. And so on.
@_date: 2017-08-22 02:27:02


Point out the contradictions more clearly. I'm stupid maybe, I can't see them.


You do understand that LN is a **network**, right? Once you make a connection/channel, you can send to anyone in reach of the network. You don't need channels open to each place you might send payments. You won't need a "Starbucks" channel and a "Wal-Mart" channel, etc.
If you don't have that many transactions, then you probably don't mind the fees, after all.
If you do care about the fees, then LN is probably going to help. It does depend on your exact use cases, but LN enables Bitcoin finally to live up to the dream of replacing VISA.


LN is not a solution to that problem. It doesn't try to be. The miner centralization is a problem with or without LN. I was just pointing out that you're so worried about centralization of LN hubs, but we have a FAR WORSE problem of miner centralization to take care of first. Not sure how we can solve it. Any ideas?


So? Every "weakness" you point out is already a weakness with Bitcoin itself in some way. Bitcoin nodes are easy pickins too. The government could easily identify them and shut them down, unless they go on Tor. Well, guess what... LN hubs could go on Tor too.
It really does seem like you are reaching for something-- anything-- to justify your existing bias, rather than evaluating the system on its own merits. Classic confirmation bias.  (Yes we all suffer from it including myself. Sometimes it's just too obvious though.)
Again, if you're so worked up about the high fees, move to BCash. Now there's a chain that matches your philosophy about Bitcoin. Let the market play out the two solutions and see which one wins. But we'll also feel free to call out weak arguments and foul play.
@_date: 2017-08-12 18:07:47
If you run some future software that makes you into a Lightning Network relay or hub, and if you commit some of your own BTC (which you would otherwise just be HODLing I presume) then you can earn some small fees for forwarding Lightning Network payments. It's not exactly "proof of stake" but I think that is what people might have started mistakenly calling it.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:31:29
No need to.
But what if LN allowed your boss to pay you by the hour-- literally, every hour?
See Andreas' talk on "Streaming Money" here: 
@_date: 2017-08-03 21:08:12
I suppose it would work today, but SegWit makes it work much better, without your node having to remain connected to the network to monitor the channel. At least, this is what I understand.
SegWit is not actually activated on the mainnet of Bitcoin yet.
@_date: 2017-08-22 05:01:25
3% is a good ballpark for average transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:49:44
I've heard all of that drama, and I'm not forgetting it. Perhaps I am making the mistake of assuming that we have enough good-faith actors to overcome the bad blood caused by the few bad actors. But I've got to try, no?
And eventually, we *will* need scaling of the base layer unless Bitcoin adoption just stalls. I'd rather scale (moderately-- Segwit2X) and be ready rather than stall an adoption uptick and make it lose momentum as we scramble to increase the scaling later.
@_date: 2017-08-21 19:41:21
In case the other party a) closes the channel unilaterally and b) chooses to do so with an older transaction which you both signed but later revoked by replacing it with a newer transaction, you have X days to punish them for "rolling back" to the old transaction. You do so by publishing a "revocation" transaction that claims all the money in the channel. (This "revocation" transaction was signed by both of you in advance, but only works on top of the old, revoked transaction. Since Bitcoin transactions can't be truly revoked, this is the mechanism that was set up in LN to "revoke" old, superseded transactions.)
You don't have to monitor 24/7; it would be enough to scan for the old transaction once or twice within the X-day period (X being agreed to beforehand by both parties in the channel).
The incentive is great for people to be honest. In most cases, they stand to lose more than they gain by trying to publish an old, revoked transaction.
@_date: 2017-08-21 14:44:40
It would not have mattered because it was low-fee spam. As such, it would not have clogged up or prevented regular transactions paying regular fees from going through. Not a problem if *spam* takes days to clear as long as *regular* transactions keep going through.
The only point of low-fee flooding attacks is to make the mempool *look* atrocious. In real life usage, they have very little impact.
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:35:45
And this "steers" the whole Core team even though only a fraction are working with Block(the)Stream. I get it. The conspiracy theory is very appealing.
@_date: 2017-08-02 02:08:34
I'm open to facts, and I read both r/bitcoin and r/btc to get both sides of the story. But it's this conspiracy mongering that really turns me off, whether it's "Blockstream is the devil" or "Jihad Wu and Bitmain" blah blah. Give me facts and leave the conjecture about hidden motivations, etc.
I challenge you to read the link and tell us what is incorrect. Facts, please!
@_date: 2017-08-22 04:49:12


You know that there are multiple open-source Lighting Network implementations and that none of them (to my knowledge) are affiliated with the *eeevil* Blockstream?
I'm fine with other side chain solutions competing with LN. I just think LN solves a lot of problems and works pretty well. I have tested it on testnet and it's pretty slick.
@_date: 2017-08-03 02:55:59
The 2-3 years of drama were not exclusively Core's fault. And if you are afraid of a net of about 2000 lines of code in a project this size just because "complexity," you will never see important changes made or new features implemented.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:14:22
davout-bc, I think you forgot the /s on the end.
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:19:37
A lightning network (LN) transaction is a Bitcoin transaction, signed by both parties, but not broadcast onto the Bitcoin network. Instead, it is shared privately between the parties on a secure *channel* which is a smart contract pre-committing some bitcoins for payments (kind of like a pre-paid debit card). Anytime they want to send a payment, they sign a new Bitcoin transaction redistributing the committed bitcoins accordingly, and invalidate the old transaction. When they both decide to close the channel, they re-sign a new version of the last transaction and broadcast it, and get their money immediately. If one party becomes unresponsive, the other can close the channel unilaterally, but will have to wait a few days to access their funds.
For average people, this is how it will work (try it out by downloading the "Eclair" app on your phone and use it on testnet):
* Open a channel and commit some bitcoins to it (done infrequently, maybe once a month or once a year?)
* Scan a payment request QR code
* Hit "Send"
This is almost exactly like a normal Bitcoin transaction:
* Scan a payment request QR code
* Hit "Send"
The main difference in **usability** is you have the one-time or infrequent first step of opening a channel.
The big **benefit** that average people will notice is that the transactions are immediate (like "lightning"), whereas normal Bitcoin transactions may take 10-60 minutes to confirm (or days if the blocks are full and their fee is too low).
This is why the LN is a nearly-perfect solution to the full blocks problem-- at least, as long as the blocks have enough room to open the channels needed. That is a problem that will require bigger blocks eventually, but in the meantime, LN offloads a *lot* of transactions from the blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:33:54
I'm not trying to be adversarial at all. I'm a huge fan of the Core team. I'm trying to defuse the adversarial situation between the big blockers and the small blockers and point out that most of us really just want the same things, though perhaps in a different order.
Since we agree that (eventually) we need a block size increase, what is the harm in giving in a bit and doing it sooner, as the big blockers have been asking?
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:31:27
The difficulty will adjust downward again until it is profitable.
@_date: 2017-08-03 22:03:54
Szabo has said that the base layer can't scale alone to cover the whole world's needs. That's my basic position as well.
I don't know where he stands regarding Segwit2X. It's obvious though, that even with off-chain scaling, like Lightning Network, you still need some boost in on-chain scaling to cover the world's needs. I wouldn't expect him to be terribly unreasonable on that front, but I could be wrong.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:54:13
Interesting... is there a white paper or website discussing this?
At any rate, this does sound like something completely different than what Bitcoin is today. Would it be implemented on top of today's Bitcoin, or replace it, or be a completely new "coin"?
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:55:44
It's actually a lot more private.
Instead of broadcasting your transaction to THE WORLD on the blockchain, only the parties involved in the channel(s) and route between the payer and the payee will know about the payment.
With Onion Routing being developed for the LN, privacy is even better: no node on the route knows anything other than the previous node and the next node in the route.
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:57:41
You are correct. Market forces will bring the fees down to low- or no-profit levels (marginal cost) for the LN node operators. And there is no artificial cap (like a block size limit) to force fees up.
@_date: 2017-08-10 03:43:25
Since no one else will tell you what's in the video, I'll give you the spoiler.
If everyone in the world (7 billion people) opened a channel every year (which on average is all it might really take if everything turns out according to plan), it would require 133MB blocks. Yes, these are HUGE blocks compared to today. BUT... if everyone in the world were transacting ON CHAIN several times a day, the blocks would balloon to 24G (that's 2,400MB) or even more. (That's several Blu-Ray movies, every 10 minutes). This is the end-game, Bitcoin takes-over-the-world scenario, not anything we're likely to see soon, either way, LN or no LN. However, LN potentially makes several orders of magnitude more feasible (i.e. possible).
The other aspect of this is that LN scales almost infinitely ONCE everyone has a channel... yes, it takes 133MB blocks to get everyone a channel, but then they can make 2, 20, 200, or even thousands of transactions a day each-- all 7 BILLION of them-- without growing the blocks any further, because they are all transacting off-chain, trustlessly.
(Apologies if the numbers are wrong-- I am citing them from memory having just watched the video.)
This is GOOD NEWS for those who always bought into the dream of one day replacing fiat with Bitcoin for everyday transactions! Clearly, increasing demand through daily usage will also help the value of Bitcoin to grow! It also stabilizes its value as a currency and not just an instrument of speculation and a store of value.
TL;DR: LN still eventually requires bigger blocks as more people join the lightning network, but scales the number of *transactions* between people almost infinitely once they have joined.
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:54:45
Coffee is a metaphor or example for any small, trivial transaction that really doesn't need the power of a global network and an eternal blockchain to back it up in full detail forever.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:35:15
I do want Bitcoin to be adopted by the masses. Don't most Bitcoiners want this?
@_date: 2017-08-22 03:53:28


I don't LN makes miner centralization either worse or better.


If you want only Bitcoin forever as it is now, except with tons of transactions, then BCH is your chain.
I want a Bitcoin that is still Bitcoin but continues to expand its features and capabilities, not just linearly but in new dimensions and new ways. In my educated opinion (not claiming that makes me infallible but I've read and thought about it plenty), this takes us much farther toward competing with VISA than a straight linear growth in the block size.


I can try that too. TCP/IP was a simple and pure concept that is ENOUGH and should be the goal that is strived for - not some new innovation like HTTP and HTML and AJAX and all this complex crap that these kids these days are coming up with.
With that closed mind, you probably would have rejected Bitcoin when it was the new and dangerous and unknown thing. Come on, have a little imagination about what can be improved in the future. Bitcoin base layer is not the pinnacle of history. It's an awesome achievement, and we want to build on it further.
We'll be able to run LN soon enough, and then we'll see if it works or not. No need to crap all over it before it is even born.
@_date: 2017-08-21 16:15:32
In extremely distorted, expensive attack cases, blocks with Segwit and a 2X base block weight increase could reach 8MB. On average they will likely be &lt; 4MB. I think we can handle that. Someone said even a Raspberry Pi could handle that.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:12:31
1. It has merit to increase the block size.
2. People are involved in bitcoin. People have feelings. Therefore, it is better for Bitcoin if we cooperate and not tear each other down or become intransigent just to spite others.
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:32:33
Naming cuteness aside, the tweet is trying to make a point: most of the hashpower on BCH is Bitmain. Look at the tweet itself before commenting, in case you haven't.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:47:56
Would it really be the end of the world if we increased the block size 2x, using the method Satoshi described? Bake it into the software now, but have it activate after a certain block number?
We got SegWit, and we still need a block size increase. Almost everyone has been saying this up until this point-- it was even on Core's roadmap. It seems with the tug of war over priorities (which goes first, SegWit or block size increase?) that the sides became entrenched so much that now I hear people saying Bitcoin should stay at 1MB forever, and the other side is saying "Segwit never."
Segwit2X actually gives Bitcoin a step forward on both fronts. It will need more to scale to the number of users that it has the potential to reach.
@_date: 2017-08-15 13:33:19
I completely skip rollercoaster meme posts. What's the point? I can go view the charts myself on various websites, so I know the price. And I'm excited when it goes up, but I know it will come down again. And then go flat for long periods of time, during which time people will keep posting memes with that annoying guy poking Bitcoin with a stick... followed by another run-up.
I'm a long-time HODLer. So I know Bitcoin is a rollercoaster, except gravity is pulling it upward.
@_date: 2017-08-14 04:09:52
Interesting, thanks.
@_date: 2017-08-03 08:40:49
OK, well, this is an interesting comment. I don't know where to start.
There is a huge difference between ISIS, and me buying coffee or candy every day.
If you are saying, we will have to require EVERYONE to tell EVERYONE in the world (who runs a Bitcoin node) whenever they buy ANYTHING, just so we can catch ISIS, then I think the strategy is really messed up.
Let's ban cash while we're at it.
@_date: 2019-08-07 03:24:38
Willy Woo pointed this out in 2016: [
Already then, it was clear that Bitcoin's first-mover advantage is one of its killer features.
@_date: 2017-08-03 09:34:37
I hope so. 
@_date: 2017-08-03 04:58:25
Basically, I could boil it down to, both sides should stop shouting at the other side and making them the enemy... we only hurt ourselves and Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:06:09
Very hard to know when it will crash.
I decided to just HODL and chill.
My first time around I made 2 classic mistakes: selling on the slide, and then losing interest and not buying in the long slump that came later. I could have had far more. But no regrets. I got what I got and I'm not making the same mistake again.
If you buy now and it crashes to $2000, you'll be pretty disappointed. I will be too. But I won't give up. I know the fundamentals of Bitcoin are strong, so the value will eventually (in a day?, a week?, a month?, a year?) come back up.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:38:34
There were a lot of sell orders at the psychological level of $10K. Once those were finally burned through, the buy momentum kept going.
EDIT: And some whiplash just got added. Up to $10,800, then dropped to $10,400 in short order.
Don't try to time it. Don't watch it too much. Just HODL and live life. :)
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:10:12
Ver is probably moving some more of his coins.
It goes on for a while (the "pump") and then stops. Bitcoin will be fine.
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:08:45
By beginning to buy, he/she would drive up the price astronomically to the point where he/she would run out of money.
@_date: 2017-11-18 01:20:44
Some people are natural-born evangelists for their cause. Other people prefer to keep quiet. Sometimes they/we (I'm midway) just aren't as sure of their/our cause as we really should be, or just want to see it play out first.
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:20:28
Your reply shows you've fallen into the FUD and are not trying to understand the Lightning Network either.
@_date: 2017-11-26 14:17:01
Moral of the story: be SUPER CAREFUL. 
You are your own bank. If that scares you, good. It should. Be extra very super extremely over-the-top careful.
If you can't handle that, use Coinbase (I cringe at the fact that I am giving this advice) and certainly don't invest your life savings. Or use Copay (I don't know much about them but have heard some good things). Or some other service that helps you. It's still up to you to judge their level of trustworthiness and competency, but at least they have more expertise than the average one of us. Even so, never forget Mt. Gox.
@_date: 2017-11-18 01:29:18
Can I upvote this 100 times? Please?
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:55:27
Lightning Network. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 18:17:43
Bigger blocks will come. After we maximize what we can get out of 1-2MB blocks (with Segwit).
Pushing hard and playing dirty to force big blocks sooner than the community is willing, will only make it take longer, though, because politics.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:32:05
The Lightning Network will also enable cross chain swaps in a trustless and decentralized model... So as long as some cryptos are in play, they can all be used (if they support the LN).
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:28:42
Maybe we're still HODLing?
I'm going to report and pay my taxes. When? Many years later when I realize my gains.
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:26:22
She's smart and pragmatic.
Best of all, we do have a good relationship built on trust, though I've certainly been the one to break her trust more often. We keep working on things and are now in a pretty good place, relationally.
Bitcoin is just the icing on the cake.
@_date: 2017-11-15 03:52:40
This is good.
Satoshi did say the block size could be increased simply (as the big-blockers love to trot out). He **also** said it should be done well in advance, as in probably 2-3 versions/releases ahead of time, and have it baked into the code (if you read the context), so that by the time the switchover takes place, almost all non-compliant releases will already be severely outdated anyway and there is much less likelihood of causing disruption.  All of that translates to AT LEAST 12 months of lead time, not even including development and testing.
This is what the BIGGER BLOCKS NOW crowd forgets, or conveniently chooses to ignore.
It's my observation that the harder they push for bigger blocks NOW NOW NOW, the more they back the so-called "small blockers" into a defensive posture against big blocks. Small blockers are really saying, "Slow down, not so fast, let's do it the right way-- there's only one Bitcoin, and we can't mess it up." But through the war of words and wills it has become in the minds of many, "1MB blocks FOREVAH (Amen)."  It's this kind of politicization and polarization that makes what should be a calm, measured and cautious engineering upgrade into a disastrous split in the community.
Throw in conspiracy theories on both sides to boot, and now no one can budge from their position.
I would definitely support Core and the so-called "Small Blockers" (can we call them "cautious caretakers" instead?) to ignore all of the noise and the yelling on both sides, and consider that the network really could handle some modest growth in the block weight. A one-time block increase seems a waste of a hard fork, as it would probably have to be adjusted again with another hard fork in a few years. How about a well-thought-out improvement on the Flex Caps approach? How about something that balances the demand for block space with the cost of running a node, somehow? (I know, I can't think of a mechanism for this that would work, either... but there are people a lot smarter than me.) At least, something that would be responsive to fees so that a fee market could continue to exist without being too expensive.
I am bullish on the Lightning Network and I understand all the reasons why the blockchain is inefficient for everyday transactions... it really doesn't make sense to me either that everyone running a node in the entire world needs to know about my coffee purchases. I know I wouldn't be running a full node if even 100 million people were sending me their normal transactions every day over my home internet connection. The LN makes WAY more sense for this kind of thing. Still, we aren't there yet, and even the LN will require bigger blocks soon.
Yes, the topic is littered with minefields (thanks a lot, impatient big-blockers). But I'm willing to have patience and defend Core and back them if they or another team working with them can come up with some improved proposal for this.
@_date: 2017-11-01 14:51:18
I remember when a bunch of libertarians were going to move to New Hampshire and take it over and make it a libertarian utopia. (Free State Project... but the idea has been going around for decades).
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:33:00
Neither you nor I are mind readers, so we do not know what their intentions were. I choose to give them the benefit of the doubt.
If you want to continue fighting, and make them permanent enemies, keep up the toxicity.
On the other hand, if you want a chance at reunifying the community to fight the real war to bring Bitcoin to the masses, then let's stop the crossfire and offer a hand, like good sportsmen.
@_date: 2017-11-22 21:59:05
Roughly speaking, yes.
@_date: 2017-11-15 15:02:33
Not sure what you mean. That block number was mentioned specifically because it was the block of the split/fork of Bitcoin Cash. That is why it is significant and used in place of a timestamp.
@_date: 2017-11-18 04:52:03
Monitor the key. If spent, you know they used it.
If they don't move the money after 5 years or whatever time frame you have, ask them if they still have it.
I give it, not intending to take it back. A gift is a gift. If they lose it or misplace it, I can offer them to recover it, but I wouldn't ever just unilaterally take it back. More of a safeguard.
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:59:14
I would not trade to altcoins.
Leads to loss and regret for the most part.
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:37:09
Hatred and revenge is the wrong reaction.
“Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will.”
– Yoda
@_date: 2017-11-10 17:49:35
I don't think the original quote was trying to say Bitcoin blockchain is lame per se, just that it doesn't make sense for things like coffee payments now that the network has grown so large and there are so many users.
@_date: 2017-11-17 20:27:46
Qubes OS rocks. But I think that Tails does some things out of the box that Qubes *can do*, but you have to set it up yourself. It's been a while since I used Tails though.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:39:53
Tethers are a problem. I don't trust them.
But I think the volume of trade in Bitcoin dwarfs the amount of trade in Tethers. I don't think it's a huge factor in the price right now.
Keep an eye on the situation, though.
@_date: 2017-11-17 01:23:33
Take her out on a nice date, or a walk in the park, and after spending some good time together, tell her that you have bad news and good news.  Ask her what she wants to hear first.
The bad news is that, honestly, you went behind her back and invested money without her knowledge or approval. Be honestly sorry and apologetic about this, because it is something you should have shared. It is hard to admit you're wrong, but if you do it with class and sincerity, most likely she will forgive you.
Then mention the good news-- that the investment really paid off after all! Mention what you would like to do with it-- perhaps pay down some debt, take one nice vacation. But I would also try to get her on board with not cashing it all out now. Maybe just enough to recover your initial investment and achieve a few goals you have in mind.
Best wishes! Enjoy!
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:45:29
If Yoda doesn't float your boat, that's fine. I just picked that quote to show some valuable wise advice gathered over many generations and many religions and philosophies. ;-)
@_date: 2017-11-25 01:28:15
Then gold is also a ponzi scheme.
Fact is that one of Bitcoin's best uses right now is as a store of value.
That does not negate its use as a currency too. Just have a bit more patience for the Lightning Network. Then Bitcoin will be an even better currency than most other options.
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:46:19
Blockstream is not Core is not the Bitcoin community.
Take a break from some of the conspiracy theories.
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:46:27
What BIP?
@_date: 2017-11-17 12:49:34
The flaw is that a) humans are involved and b) Bitcoin Cash uses the same address type as Bitcoin, which makes it more confusing. Most alt coins use their own address format that makes it clear to the software that it is, say, a Litecoin address instead of a Bitcoin address.
@_date: 2017-11-26 13:46:45
This is "low-fee flooding" spam. By definition, it costs very little because it's using low fees. Its purpose is to fill the mempool with transactions to make the situation *look* bad but it doesn't actually slow down transactions made by normal people who use even a slightly higher fee, because their transactions get processed before these low-fee spam transactions. Eventually these low-fee spam transactions either time out and fall out of the mempool (zero cost to spammer) or get confirmed (low cost to spammer).
So the net effect is actually quite minimal, but it is a cheap way for a spammer with an agenda to make the mempool *appear* super full.
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:41:52
If we're magnanimous in victory, we may make at least some of our former enemies into our friends.
If we're vindictive, arrogant and punitive, we merely cement the enmity forever.
That's one of the main points of the article.
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:42:44
No way for anyone to know this for sure.
If demand continues to grow, then yes.
@_date: 2017-11-05 06:16:00
Here goes the baseless FUD (again) from people who don't understand what they are talking about.
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:56:38
They can send it back down the channel, through the network, to someone else. So yes, they can spend it.
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:14:17
I hope you read my comment in the other thread... [here](
To that, I would add the following observations based on your specific case:
* You mentioned poor money management. If/when you tell her, put a condition on its use that you both first take a money management course as a COUPLE. I don't know if Dave Ramsey's Financial Peace University is available where you are, but it is EXCELLENT. He addresses the relationship dynamics of managing money in a marriage better than anyone I have heard, and that's really the key, more important than knowing *how* money works or *how* to budget, is *how* to do it together when you each have different money/spending personalities. Years ago, we went through his course, $50,000 in debt (credit cards-- can you believe it?) Within a few years after finishing it, we were able to pay off our debt and start saving. Couples fight over money more than any other single thing, so I would make this a top priority.
* Be willing to sell some, but HODL the majority.
* Be willing to make sacrifices now so that you can live even better in the future, but do remember that you can enjoy some, with prudence. I cashed out some BCH and got a nice little vacation for us, for example.
* Do consider what career change she could make and whether this would really help bridge your finances over until she can get into a field she enjoys. Take it slow though.
* Keep the mortgage if you can continue to swing it. It's relatively cheap money backed by a real asset. BTC is "expensive money" that will get even more expensive, we hope. Good money drives out bad. If you can't give her a breather on her job situation without using some BTC to make the monthly mortgage payments, then just do that instead of paying off in one lump sum. Yes, BTC could dive and probably will dive at some point, but long-term I think it has an even brighter future.
* Relationship dynamics. Be honest about why you kept it a secret, and apologize. Make it about you, not her (don't imply that you were afraid she would spend it, but maybe say that you were just afraid it would amount to nothing even though you also saw its great potential, and you didn't want to disappoint her, or something like that). There's bad news and good news, and I think she'll be more than willing to forgive you for hiding it when it is tempered with honesty and the good news.
* Also encourage her to learn as much about Bitcoin as possible before selling ANY.
* Edit: one more thing. Pay your taxes!
@_date: 2017-11-09 13:44:29
I'm not claiming the community is whole. Quite the opposite. Read my article. I'm saying this is a potential tipping point giving us the opportunity to put past disagreements behind us and move forward, with those who are willing. There will always be bad actors, yes. But being magnanimous in our NO2X victory increases the chances of making allies instead of cementing the divisions even further.
@_date: 2017-11-10 16:58:29
Calling names is not an argument, by the way.
You don't know what I've done or not done.
But you could verify if you looked far enough back on my comment history, where I tried to convince a couple Core guys to go along with Segwit2X for the sake of giving a concession to unify the community. (Before I realized how hard it is to pull off a hard fork safely.)
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:20:54
When you set up a wallet app that uses hierarchical deterministic wallet techniques, you are given a 12-24 word seed phrase. All private keys that wallet will ever generate are generated from that seed.
So if you lose your phone, fire up the app on another phone, import that same seed, and you have access to all your private keys and by extension, your funds.
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:38:37
He's being realistic.
Step back and look at the bigger picture. Scaling properly will require a second layer, and it's not in place yet. That's why the fees will rise in the meantime, but once LN becomes widely used, the fees on LN will be extremely low. Bitcoin base layer fees may go down as well if demand goes down because of transactions moving to LN, but it is also likely that fees will stay high due to increasing market share and [Jevon's Paradox](
However, the beauty of all this is that the higher fees on the base layer *won't matter so much anymore* because we'll be able to transact so much more cheaply and quickly using the LN!
The LN makes efficient, leveraged use of a scarce resource (a globally-synced, globally shared and globally verified public ledger), and thus is able to give you almost all the great properties of Bitcoin, with more of its own added features/benefits, and at a much lower cost.
@_date: 2017-11-08 04:05:06
THIS! All the way!
Just buy and HODL. And don't obsessively check the ticker every hour. Maybe even forget about Bitcoin from time to time. Peace, calm, and enjoyment of life.
@_date: 2017-11-12 21:23:51
Tell that to all the people who were so excited about the "flippening" that was going to happen this summer (ETH taking over top market cap from BTC).
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:53:48
That definitely happens too.
That said, I find prayer helps me to focus less on myself and more on the person for whom I pray. That's been a very positive thing in my marriage and other relationships as well.
@_date: 2017-11-10 02:47:53
I do. I tried hard to reason with both sides. Neither side wants to compromise or admit the other side has a point. In the end though, like any debate, it's not 50-50 right/wrong evenly on both sides. One side is usually closer to truth. You end up having to pick a side as best you can and hold your side to high standards when they mess up... If they will listen. Which is not always.
@_date: 2017-11-17 00:32:58
My wife likes Bitcoin. :)
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:34:59
OK, it's fine to identify a few obvious bad actors, but let's be magnanimous to the Segwit2X supporters and leaders who originally at least thought this was a compromise to unify the community, and backed it for that reason.
I bet many more supported Segwit2X for that reason than out of bad intentions.
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:11:33
Because as fantastic as the Bitcoin blockchain is, it can't do everything we want on that layer. It honestly doesn't scale to where we need it to go.
1. Clearing your coffee payment through the entire planet sounds amazing at first but is really quite unnecessary. Do we want the whole world to read a tweet every time we sneeze, too? That is the Bitcoin model. Everyone is following everyone else in the network, and every payment is like a tweet. At first it's cool to see, but soon you and the network itself would become overwhelmed with handling all the world's tweets on every single node. And you can't unfollow.
2. Clearing your coffee payment through the entire planet is super inefficient. Computers have gotten fast quickly, and so we've been able to get away with this inefficient model in Bitcoin so far. But the load it creates on the network is exponential in nature, and scaling linearly cannot solve it in a way that lets the whole world transact every coffee sized payment on the planet to the entire Bitcoin network.
3. A *second layer* that uses a point-to-point model (like email) instead of a gossip-to-the-entire-world model (like Twitter but where everyone follows everyone) is much more efficient. Only you and Starbucks, and maybe a few hops in between on the Lightning Network, need to know or care about your payment.
4. The security of the Lightning Network is built on the security of underlying Bitcoin, enforced by simple smart contracts. It allows one base layer transaction, plus another one to close, to enforce security on an unlimited number of back and forth transactions in between. Put together a network of such payment channels, and you can pay anyone any number of times. So you can literally multiply the reach of Bitcoin to 1000s of times more transactions (actually, from 10s to literally unlimited, depending on use case) with the same base load on the Bitcoin network.
5. It not only makes Bitcoin coffee payments practical, it makes it possible to pay by the cent for reading articles or even pay by the micro-cent for every second of video streaming you watch. It opens up whole new use cases for Bitcoin. That is true scaling!
6. It enhances privacy. If everyone sees every payment you make, even if you hide your true name, companies and countries could soon identify you based on behavior profiling and following the money. This is already a thing with Bitcoin. In contrast, point-to-point payments through the Lightning Network are much harder to track and spy on. Eventually, the Lightning Network may even have onion routing, like Tor.
7. It is instant. Bitcoin payments are not and *never were* instant. As a practical matter, most small payments used to be considered safe with zero confirmations, but they really were never *cryptographically* safe even earlier when the blocks were not full. To be cryptographically guaranteed, you always needed to wait an hour for multiple confirmations. With the Lightning Network, the smart contracts that enforce the payments have already been confirmed on the blockchain, and these contracts police and guarantee the instant, peer-to-peer payments that occur through them. So you get instant payments with true cryptographically-enforced security!
In short, true scaling will require multiple layers, just like a rocket to the Moon requires multiple stages.
@_date: 2017-11-14 05:52:28
Too bloated
@_date: 2017-11-19 18:42:16
A lot of them will drag on and on. Why? Because people have money invested, they have an incentive to keep mining and keep things going. That doesn't mean they will amount to much though.
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:36:04


Trust me... You can lose. Bitcoin can dip severely. It could go to $5000 from here. Or lower. Steel yourself, because you will really be tempted to sell then.
Play the long game. The biggest losers are those who panic sell and then miss the rebound.
I believe fundamentally in the technology, which is why I'm a long term HODLer. But market fluctuations come and go and can be severe.
Don't just buy because it's going up today. Learn as much as you can about Bitcoin, and get a grasp of why it is a game changing technology. And then when you're a true believer, buy because you're convinced it will change the world.
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:22:48
Nobody is right all the time. I'm not, for sure.
Let's cut guys like Erik some slack and move forward. Enough toxicity.
@_date: 2017-11-18 01:04:35
This is what I have done. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:54:02
Bitcoin is not for chickens. Or for turtles with weak hearts.
Welcome to the roller coaster!  HODL and chill. Play the long game. Don't panic sell. Don't make the same mistake most of us HODLers made our first time on a major (or even minor) dip.
@_date: 2017-11-10 00:05:41
Agreed, but the politics makes this harder now.
@_date: 2017-11-24 15:00:32
It's been "imminent" for a long time. But markets can be irrational a lot longer than one expects.
@_date: 2017-11-04 02:23:45
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:43:45
Keep them on your "probation" list, if you will. At the very least, let's tone down the aggressive attacks and see what they do next.
@_date: 2017-11-08 18:54:17
Thanks for the congratulations!
"Be magnanimous in victory, gracious in defeat" -- various people.
I am going to write a medium post on this soon. I want an end to the toxicity.
@_date: 2017-11-23 04:29:33
Artificially low interest rates ecourage borrowing and spending over saving and careful investing. In the short run, it feels good as things appear cheaper. In the long run, it causes a lot of bad investments and bubbles.
Example: housing. Rates are cheap, so why not buy more house? Well, you don't realize that everyone else is thinking the same thing and so it inflates the prices up. You end up paying just as much in the end because the low interest rates artificially drive the prices higher.
It also puts economic central planners in a bind (of their own making). Now they cannot raise interest rates because property prices would crash (down to a more realistic/affordable level) but that would trigger a recession as people's equity and thus their perceived wealth will evaporate.
Repeat after me: No. Free. Lunch.
@_date: 2017-11-05 20:25:12
There are plenty of details: see   etc. Look for the BOLT specifications, which lay out in pretty good detail how it will work. The pieces are falling into place and it is on its way. Obviously, for something that will transfer people's money, it's going to take a lot more testing and time than the latest Flappy Bird app.
@_date: 2017-11-10 17:52:52
How was this list put together? And how did the person who made this document determine who is on the list? How did they determine or define who is "employed" by Blockstream? Just because someone puts together a Google doc doesn't mean that it tells the whole truth. There are many more devs contributing to bitcoin/bitcoin than are listed here. Context is always important, because the narrative can get flipped with an improper context.
Dissecting the document itself, it purports to show that 35% to 66% of the people in various Core meetings this spring were Blockstream "employees." In fact, your claim that "greater than 50% of devs" are Blockstream employees is falsified by your own document, since 11 people are listed as "Blockstream employees" and 21 are listed as not Blockstream employees.
Since you seem to like conspiracy theories, are you sure you know the agenda of those who are trying to tell everyone that Blockstream is the devil? Are you 100% sure of the data they and their allies are putting out there?
Are you sure that Bitmain isn't controlling BitPay and other companies that signed onto Segwit2X? After all, didn't they give them a major investment? And what about the sinister guys behind DCG? Isn't it a bunch of banksters (according to conspiracy theorists on r/bitcoin)?
I'm not saying there's definitely no influence of Blockstream on Core, but the two are definitely not the same entity. The conspiracy theories I've heard about Blockstream and AXA and all that border on the absurd once you start looking into them and finding out the context and background. Probably the same could be said about some of the conspiracy theories regarding Bitmain and DCG, etc.
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:36:20


Factually wrong. Zero-conf were *never* truly secure in the cryptographic sense. They were just transactions relayed by peers and waiting in the queue for the next block, but not actually confirmed by any hash power yet. As a practical matter, in most cases involving small payments, it used to be OK to accept 0-conf payments, until the backlog of transactions made it more risky. In contrast, Lightning Network payments are secured *cryptographically* by the underlying smart contracts *already* confirmed and locked down in the blockchain itself-- plus they are instant.
Also, the replaceable fees do *not* affect the security of existing zero-conf transactions at all. AFAIK, with Core you can only bump the fee UP and can make no other change to the transaction. There is no scenario under which I could, say, send a transaction to merchant A, then later replace the entire transaction with another transaction sending the money to my address B (to cheat the merchant out of the payment after they already sent me the goods). This scenario is implied by the anti *opt-in* RBF crowd but I don't see any reality to it.
Your real beef is with the existence of the fee market. And that I do understand is a problem for Bitcoin's potential to continue to grow as a *currency* with no limits in sight. Unfortunately, reality is that it is closely related to the other problem of preserving several of Bitcoin's other important properties (maybe not to you, but certainly to many of the rest of us) such as network decentralization and the ability of the average person to run a node to verify and protect their own monetary sovereignty.
The naive solution is just to increase the block size. The real solution is to build layers, just like the Internet itself is built in layers. You and I may not like this, but doing it right will require some time, during which we'll have to put up with a high fee market and expensive transactions. I am patient; I can wait for cheap, secure transactions to be implemented the right way without adding unnecessary bloat to the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-11-28 12:43:05
I can't give a timeline for the Lightning Network, but I can say it was stalled with the uncertainly about Segwit and so it noticeably accelerated after Segwit deployed. Personally I expect the Lightning Network to start being used in the real world in 2018.
A new paper was released about introducing a layer between blockchain and the Lightning Network to make it even more powerful, flexible and efficient. That is still fairly far off though, just in the initial research stage.
Also, there are other things in the works such as Schnorr signatures (for more efficient and smaller transactions involving multiple signatures) and MAST (think smart contracts with privacy and compression of the logic to only the parts necessary to execute the actual transaction... All unused contingent cases in the original smart contract do not need to be put on the blockchain).
There is work being done to improve privacy on multiple levels. I don't know the official terms off the top of my head, but google Dandelion transaction propagation, and zero knowledge proofs and something about much more compact range proofs.
There you have it: an unofficial roadmap from an observer and not a contributor.
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:30:57
I used to be a supporter of Segwit2X, when all I knew about it was that it offered a 2X increase. Then I learned more about the approach, the difficulties in forcing a hard fork in such a short time, and the hidden agenda to fire Core, something I was never on board with. So I flipped to NO2X about 2 months ago.
Are you going to call me a criminal too?
The NYA leaders finally flipped. Maybe a bit late, but not too late. Give them a bit of slack. At least put them on your "probation" list in case any of them do something else that's dangerous.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:08:31
Just HODL and chill.
@_date: 2017-11-09 05:17:07
Well, I reasoned for myself that a 2X bump wouldn't severely threaten the core properties of Bitcoin. 8X, 32X yes, but 2X, no. Also, the Segwit2X agreement initially appeared to have broken the resistance to Segwit and it arguably contributed to Segwit becoming activated. So I initially tried to persuade Core to go along with the 2X for the sake of the unity of the community.
However, I soon saw several things. 1. It truly is too much to expect a hard fork like this in 3 months.  2. There was a stated goal to sideline Core; I never wanted that.  3. There simply wasn't enough consensus, and in the absence of consensus, the status quo is the default best option.
Finally, although I still think a 2X bump in theory would be good right about now, I know that's only a stopgap. The true scaling solution is the Lightning Network. It's stupid to broadcast your coffee transactions, much less your micropayments, to the entire network.
In the end, a 2X bump (theoretically good on its own, in my book) is nowhere near worth the cost of a split community, a split Bitcoin, and the chaos that would come from a rushed fork. Not to mention the loss of an awesome dev team and their whole raft of planned improvements.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:28:36
It is turning out to be like "digital gold" right now-- a somewhat speculative store of value. The speculation is partly short-term gain driven (people want to double their money quick) and that is dangerous. But it's also driven partly by long-term belief in the fundamental strength of the underlying technology (blockchain) and the network effects of being the first cryptocurrency built on it (Bitcoin).
Bitcoin was also designed to be peer-to-peer cash. It's not lived up to that promise yet, because it needs to be adopted by far more people. It has some scaling issues to resolve, but I think the path is pretty clear to those paying attention. We'll eventually use Bitcoin on-chain transactions for large, important, publicly verifiable payments; and second-layer networks like the Lightning Network for smaller, more frequent, more private payments like at  a coffee shop.
Based on those fundamentals, a lot of people like me just HODL through ups and downs, believing in the long-term potential to become a major world currency in daily use. So far, HODL has been the best investment strategy I've tried with cryptos-- and the one that lets me live my life at the same time, instead of being glued to market charts 24/7 (crypto markets never sleep!)
@_date: 2017-11-10 02:44:39


Factually incorrect. Where do you get your information? I'd appreciate a source.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:48:59
Bubble is relative.
Is it in a bubble compared to recent (past 1 year or so) values? Probably/Maybe.
Is it in a bubble compared to where it should be if it becomes a major world currency? No, it's still in its sprout-sized version of itself. It has a lot of room to grow to become a full-sized money tree.
If you believe in the fundamentals of Bitcoin and understand how it will change the world, you HODL. Because you play the long-term game. You patiently wait out the loooooooong dip from 2013 to 2017. Then you see the frenzy in 2017 and think-- here we go again.
Welcome to the roller coaster! Except this one always seems to go to new heights after crazy dips. It's scary! Are you brave enough!
@_date: 2017-11-08 21:02:50
Reverend Immature.
@_date: 2017-11-05 21:37:56
Your 5% will soon be much more than 5% of your portfolio... Keep it there! You won't miss the "money" and you'll be happy to HODL some of the new real money.
@_date: 2017-11-26 14:21:02
The Lightning Network gives us BOTH.
It has its drawbacks, the first of which is that it's not deployed yet, but it is coming-- I monitor the development and it's full steam ahead since Segwit activated. It complements the base blockchain layer quite nicely. We will likely end up using the base blockchain layer for large, important, publicly confirmable payments and smart contracts; and the LN layer for small, fast, private, secure everyday transactions.
@_date: 2017-11-15 11:38:43
Why is it pie in the sky? As you said, LN would be perfect for their app. I bet they know it too, if they've been watching this space. Maybe they're preparing for it already.
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:21:39
The weekend is long enough to span all time zones. So no, there is no single open time but there is a period of closed time that spans the globe.
And as the comment I replied to said, the Asian markets/banks open first, so if you really want a single open point, that is it. Doesn't matter, really.
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:27:26
Yes, please. I've been wrong before. There may be malicious actors but there are also a lot of people (myself, before, included) who supported or used to support Segwit2X. I saw that the approach was flawed about 2 months ago and flipped to NO2X. Let's not push the NYA leaders into the mud for also flipping, even if it was a bit late.
[Let's be magnanimous in victory, gracious in defeat](
@_date: 2017-11-23 14:25:25
Most of these you link to are typical of the wild conspiracy theory posts you find on that sub. Yes, OP did not do his research here either. We have a lot of immature people on both sides.
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:25:14
It's called dollar cost averaging.
Good advice because you don't know when it will dip.
Next advice: **hodl onto your bitcoins no matter how badly it dips.** Real dips may last years. Be mentally and emotionally prepared. I've lived through many dips. I sold on the first one and regret it badly to this day. But I learned the lesson. And I'm much better off for it.
@_date: 2017-11-13 02:04:40


Actually, no, the solve time is determined by the hashing difficulty which is an auto-adjusting parameter that targets one block every 10 minutes, regardless of block *size*.


Yes, temporarily, until demand catches up again and fills up the larger blocks.
In the meantime, the larger blocks congest the network further and make it harder to run lots of independent verifying nodes. When there are too few nodes and/or only big companies can afford to run them, then Bitcoin will be in danger of losing its properties as free and independent, non-co-optible money.
It's really a sliding scale, though, of tradeoffs. I personally think a 2X bump at this point would not be technically dangerous (if everyone agreed and could upgrade smoothly, another issue in itself), but the politics behind the pushers of the 2X were suspect. It seems like they were trying to take control of the direction of Bitcoin, and if they succeeded once, who's not to say they would keep increasing it until Bitcoin was too large for anyone else to run?
Bitcoin as it was designed works well only up to a certain transaction load. You don't have to have a computer science degree to understand it, but they teach these things as fundamentals of scaling algorithms in comp sci classes.
Basically the problem is that every transaction has to be verified and stored by every node. As the number of transactions and the number of participants increase, the load increases exponentially. Exponential growth cannot be handled forever using only linear parameters such as increasing the block size. Fundamental math.
So in computer science there is a whole field of study on how to change algorithms to make them either linear or almost linear (logarithmic*linear is still a lot better than exponential). One approach is to layer different parts of an algorithm so that the exponential part doesn't have to grow as fast. This is exactly the approach proposed by the Lightning Network.
The Lightning Network won't prevent you from continuing to use Bitcoin as you did before. You can ignore the LN and just transact on the blockchain directly if you want. The problem of course is that fees are high. That is a property of supply and demand. Increasing the block size up to a point may temporarily alleviate the fee pain, but it won't fundamentally alter or solve the nature of the exponential problem. It only kicks the can down the road temporarily while increasing long term costs.
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:05:24
u/petertodd, I respect you and I know you are right in substance. Millions have been wasted, and time has been lost. We are raw and emotional from this exhausting fight.
But it's much more helpful to put the ugly past behind us and move forward. Perhaps we can actually unify the community.
[Let's be magnanimous in victory, gracious in defeat](
@_date: 2017-11-08 21:24:24
"Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?" -- Abraham Lincoln
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:39:38
Central bankers try to prop up a bad economy by lowering interest rates to make borrowing easier, leading to jobs and so on. Sounds good.
Problem is that it creates bubbles, such as in real estate. Prices rise because it's easier to get a larger loan. This traps the central bankers. Now they can't raise interest rates to normal levels or they risk popping the bubbles they've created.
Another economic downturn comes and they don't have room to lower interest rates further because they are almost at zero. So they set them at negative rates. This means a bank can borrow money and pay it back later with less than they borrowed. Why would anyone lend to them if they lose money? Some institutional investors might if they think their alternatives are more risky (money markets might crash, etc.) Some savers might if they have no other alternative other than to stuff it in their mattress. But the real lender here is the central bank. They are creating money out of thin air, so they don't care so much if they are repaid less "air money" in return. Their goal is to goose the economy.
As before, though, this sets up an unhealthy addiction to cheap money, inflates bubbles artificially, discourages people from saving and encourages risk, and props up bad businesses that would otherwise fail and make room for better businesses to take their place.
@_date: 2017-11-06 02:04:15
Keep on HODLing.
Maybe use a little bit (key part is "little") here and there to treat yourself and your loved ones to a nice vacation or something that will truly create memories or bring meaning into your life. Beyond that, just live as if you didn't have any bitcoin.
I'm all for HODLing, and I do it a lot. But in the end it is meant to be used. Once you have a comfortable sized gain, spend just a little and don't look back later at how much it could have become.
In the end, I'd rather say that Bitcoin helped me accomplish some of my dreams and gave me a chance to do and see wonderful things with my family, than to say I kept every last Bitcoin to the bitter end in hopes of getting even more value out of it.
Even better: contribute to a good cause here and there.
Enjoy! If you've gotten 50x gains relative to other investments, you've really come into a place many desire but few achieve!
@_date: 2017-11-22 17:15:58
He said IP... Not ISP. But Tor hides your traffic in both ways. It hides your IP from those who connect to your peer, and it hides the true nature of your traffic from the ISP.
@_date: 2017-11-17 13:49:44
More of a way to get new people into Bitcoin. Also, someone who might need Bitcoin more urgently and doesn't yet have an account at an exchange.
@_date: 2017-11-02 10:26:42
Statistically speaking, less than 1% of couples who regularly pray together will get divorced. Correlation is not causation, but the correlation there is pretty darn strong...
My wife regularly asks me, by the way, if we shouldn't be putting more into bitcoin. ;)
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:51:15
[Let's be magnanimous in victory, gracious in defeat](
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:53:01
They pushed hard for what they thought was a compromise between the two sides, but their approach was all wrong. I don't think most of them were malicious actors (well, ok, maybe some of them).
Our best chance to unify the Bitcoin community is now.  How? By being [magnanimous in victory, gracious in defeat](
@_date: 2017-11-26 14:14:53
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:29:28
 Wrong. Good money drives out bad. They may be able to make their own crypto and force people to use it, but people will still hold and trade Bitcoin because of its stable monetary policy.
The only way for government to make Bitcoin obsolete is to have a similarly sound monetary policy on top of other advantages. Do you really think the government will adopt sound monetary policy anytime soon? Lol. If they ever do, then Bitcoin will have achieved one of its biggest goals.
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:01:22
Politics has made it harder to have a reasonable sized increase. By pushing so hard to get the block size increased NAO (something which I have also come to understand will take at least a year to do smoothly), these various anti-Core groups have forced Core and their allies to retrench against them, if mainly to avoid doing it in a forced and disruptive manner. It stops them now from coming out and discussing the very thing they seemed like they were fighting against all this time. I would love to see some concrete planning starting now for a hard fork in about 18 months, including a block size increase and a few other things. But if just getting a soft fork (Segwit) tore apart the community, how do you think they feel about proposing a hard fork about now?
TL;DR: calm down the politics, get some real technical discussion going, and have some patience. :)
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:18:24
It's running
@_date: 2017-11-26 14:15:43
I know exactly why. It's all part of my master plan.
Seriously, I'm not sure anyone can answer this kind of question. Maybe someone could answer the first part, but predicting the future?
@_date: 2017-11-04 20:44:13
We'll see about that :)
I know transactions are expensive and slow right now-- but that's because Bitcoin is succeeding beyond its original capacity. "That restaurant is so crowded, it's hard to get in. So their business must be failing."
Yes, it's painful, but true scaling solutions that also preserve Bitcoin's other important properties are on the way. Lightning Network will bring back quick (instant!) payments for many everyday use cases.
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:41:41
I read r/btc and decide for myself, thank you very much. Both subs have toxicity but r/btc seems a lot more bitter and reactive and full of easily-debunked conspiracy theories.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:44:29
Dude, just HODL and chill.
Panic selling will ruin you.
Yes, Bitcoin can and does crash sometimes. Each time the crashes are less severe as a percentage of the high, because each time there are more HODLers who were panic-sellers in the last round and learned their lesson the hard way. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:14:50
Pay. Your. Taxes.
Not only is it the right thing to do, the blockchain does not really give true privacy. There are convoluted ways to break the link between your purchase and sale of Bitcoin, but there will be other ways for the government to pick up on your unusual gains.
@_date: 2017-11-01 19:23:06
Running a node =/= mining
AFAIK it's completely OK with AWS if you run a Bitcoin node on their service.
@_date: 2017-11-12 03:45:03
Fiat markets/Banks... The dinosaurs that most people still have to go through to buy real digital 24-7 money.
@_date: 2017-11-10 18:15:38
I used to think it was easy. Technically, it is easy.
But socially, it's only easy if the community is unified and/or has a "benevolent dictator for life" with some real control. Bitcoin has neither.
Even Ethereum split when the community couldn't agree on what to do about the DAO. Any time the fork has people on both sides of it fundamentally and philosophically disagreeing, it will not be easy to fork.
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:20:26


And I am a mind-numbed Blockstream robot. /s
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:21:04


Where have you been the last 2+ years?
@_date: 2017-11-13 14:29:06
What damage? I don't see any. Oh, a 25-30% dip? That?!? You must be new here.
@_date: 2017-11-02 10:51:07
Because a lot of people want it not to win. Futures markets are speaking pretty loudly already.
@_date: 2017-11-26 13:09:55


Zero-conf payments were never secure.
Here are the results of a test of the security of popular user wallets against double-spend attacks BEFORE opt-in RBF was implemented (source: 






However, if any merchant still wants to use this broken level of security, they are free to reject payments with the **opt-in** RBF flag set. The default security model of payments was not changed. It's opt-in nature makes your complaint sound more like FUD.
In fact, many merchants wanted opt-in RBF, as it has its uses; and it does not change the default "first-seen" behavior for payments that don't opt-in. BitPay, for example: 
Again, 0-conf Bitcoin payments in the mempool never could be trusted to be cryptographically secure. Except for small payments and as a practical matter, they were NEVER secure, and opt-in RBF does not change that.


Do you understand the Lightning Network, or are you using talking points? The LN consists of nodes that can route payments through any connected route, rather like the Internet itself, which was designed on purpose to avoid censorship. One node goes down? Just route around it, no problem. Not only that, but LN is actually much *more* flexible and adaptable than the current Internet. The current Internet is based on physical lines of connection between nodes; setting up new nodes or new routes requires physical installation and time. The LN's connections are all virtual and can be set up in minutes to route around any censorship or to make the network connectivity stronger. There is a financial incentive for people to set them up to route payments; if censorship takes out nodes, new nodes and new routes will pop up to route around them. Anyone with a little capital (there are lots of HODLers who would love to put their BTC to work and gain more) can start up a LN node. Add Tor routing to the mix, and it will be VERY uncensorable.
Even if the LN were censorable, it's a bit of a red herring to bring this up because the large payments that the government hopes to censor will mostly still be conducted on the base blockchain layer. The LN is better for small, everyday payments (think coffee) that the government has much less interest in censoring.


Lightning Network payments are beginning to be used (still for testing, mostly) on the mainnets in various coins including Bitcoin. It's not going to be perpetually 18 months away; it was stalled because Segwit was stalled, but it's now going full steam ahead. I monitor the development closely. It works today; it just needs a lot of testing and some refinement of features before release for the larger public to trust with their money. We're not talking about the latest Flappy Bird app that someone codes up in a few days; we're talking about a network that will route people's real, hard-earned money. These things do take some time, but will be worth the wait.
Who has been duped, may I ask? Or perhaps it's a case of differing priorities?
I've read the arguments on both sides and made up my mind, based on my computer science education and experience both as a software developer for decades, AND as a node operator with financial interests in preserving Bitcoin's freedom-related attributes and my own financial sovereignty. These are *my* priorities and the priorities of very many others.
The point isn't that today's computers can't handle much larger blocks. The point is that as blocks get larger, it gets harder and harder for the average person to participate due to bloat on the blockchain. (I know, I run a node or two). You don't think this is important (to you) but it is HUGELY important to a large number of the rest of us. When the blockchain gets too large, only large merchants and companies will run it. Talk about censorable? The government can just knock on a few doors, set a few ugly precedents, and get the majority of nodes to comply. I will no longer have financial sovereignty, and to me and many others that is far more important than whether Bitcoin can be used as a day-to-day payment system (PayPal 2.0). We already have online payment systems that work just fine; but we don't have another network like Bitcoin if this one gets coopted. Yes, there are tons of other alts, but the *original* with its first-mover advantage and all the momentum of the community will have been squashed.
Would 2MB blocks have resulted in this? No. My nodes could have handled that. And eventually the block size will need to be increased; everyone knows this. But I'm willing to wait a bit more for a FAR MORE scalable solution that *does* restore Bitcoin to use as a cash payment system, this time with *truly* secure instant payments and the ability to do micropayments far smaller than were ever practical on the blockchain, among other benefits (such as improved privacy) and new use cases.
Does LN also have drawbacks? It does, but it complements the base blockchain layer quite nicely. Base blockchain layer for large, important, publicly confirmable payments and smart contracts; LN layer for small, fast, private, secure everyday transactions.
@_date: 2017-11-24 14:04:40
Price of solar electricity and profitability of solar firms may not be directly correlated. In fact, sometimes they are inversely correlated. Why? Let's say that China subsidizes or otherwise favors their domestic solar panel producers (not a hypothetical scenario). This causes a glut of supply on the market, leading in the short term to... cheaper prices for the consumer, and slashed profitability at many producers.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:07:46
Tell me now, why sell now? How do you know this is a peak? When is the bottom going to come?
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:30:42
Don't wait for a dip.
Just buy regularly. Dollar cost averaging. 
And don't sell. This is a long term investment. You will be so tempted to sell at your first real big dip. I did and regretted it. Never again.
@_date: 2017-11-08 21:01:25
OK, aggressive counterattacks. **We won**, so maybe we can stop? Revenge is not necessary.
EDIT: I'm not saying you go out and pretend like nothing happened. Just keep a wary eye on them and go about your business.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:23:55
@_date: 2017-11-18 01:26:23
Sorry about the divorce, I really am. It is horrible to go through.
To the OP, I would say, who do you want to take advice from? The guys who have been married and gone through this, or the guys who have gotten divorced? If you want to stay married (yes, I know there are no guarantees and there are 2 decision makers and you are only 1 of those 2 in the relationship, but...) then listen to the married guys in here and ignore all the cynics.
@_date: 2017-11-19 03:59:21
AFAIK the Bitcoin Core implementation has something like this, except expressed in blocks. You ask it what fee it recommends for your transaction to be included within the next X blocks, and it gives you its estimate based on the mempool.
I'm sure it's not perfect, but it's a start. It could be refined.
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:03:07
Bitcoin as it was designed works well only up to a certain point. You don't have to have a computer science degree to understand it, but they teach these things as fundamentals of scaling algorithms in comp sci classes.
Basically the problem is that every transaction has to be verified and stored by every node. As the number of transactions and the number of participants increase, the load increases exponentially. Exponential growth cannot be handled forever using only linear parameters such as increasing the block size. Fundamental math.
So in computer science there is a whole field of study on how to change algorithms to make them either linear or almost linear (logarithmic*linear is still a lot better than exponential). One approach is to layer different parts of an algorithm so that the exponential part doesn't have to grow as fast. This is exactly the approach proposed by the Lightning Network.
The Lightning Network won't prevent you from continuing to use Bitcoin as you did before. You can ignore the LN and just transact on the blockchain directly if you want. The problem of course is that fees are high. That is a property of supply and demand. Increasing the block size up to a point may temporarily alleviate the fee pain, but it won't fundamentally alter or solve the nature of the exponential problem. It only kicks the can down the road temporarily while increasing long term costs.
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:06:28
Satoshi Nakamoto designed Bitcoin to be a currency, yes, but also hinted that it would be good to invest early because of the tremendous gains in value it would require before it could become a widely used currency.
So it is both. I would say yes, definitely at this point it is more on the speculative side, but the speculation is not just "because it's going up" but also because we foresee a future where it can be widely used as a currency-- and therein lies its future value, and thus its rising current value.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:07:04
I can explain why Bitcoin is not a scam. Want to hear that side of the argument?
@_date: 2017-11-12 15:04:22
Did you forget the /s?
The fact is that LN scales in a whole new dimension, far beyond what linear block size increases can do. It also does some things that can never be done with the base layer alone. It has some caveats and won't be good for certain use cases, but for those you still just use raw base layer transactions. They play off each other's strengths.
@_date: 2017-11-18 20:00:43
Exactly. If they didn't care now, and lost it, in 5 years I can call them up and say, "Hey, remember that $100 in Bitcoin I gave you? Still have it? It's worth $X,000 now."
"Yeah... I lost it somewhere along the way in the last 5 years. I feel like kicking myself."
"Would you like me to recover it for you?"
"Oh yeah, you're the best!"
[Most of them actually do care. I write on the back of the paper wallet: "Keep for 10 years." That's non-Bitcoiners' speak for HODL.]
@_date: 2017-11-17 18:24:26
My suggestion: run Qubes OS.
@_date: 2017-11-15 15:04:37
People who want the other coin can always use the extra BTC to buy it back for themselves. BitMEX is just stating their policy. Don't like it? Use another exchange.
@_date: 2017-11-24 00:38:35
If you're going to invest a lot, of course. But for casual purposes or to get some Bitcoin quick, these ATMs are good. Also raises awareness because it's physically there for people to see. And they are a familiar model for new users.
@_date: 2017-11-04 02:22:59
Prisoner's dilemma. It's hard to keep a cartel together. See OPEC.
There are also enough miners that are ideologically on the side of Bitcoin's current chain to resist that kind of cartel.
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:25:07
Here's my point.
I would have honestly liked to see a 2X increase by now (on top of Segwit). I was originally a Segwit2X supporter ... the idea seemed right as a compromise. But I flipped to NO2X because I came to understand the difficulty of a hard fork in less than 12 months and the lack of consensus it had. In the absence of consensus, the safest policy is to stick with the status quo-- any forced change will only cause a split. A piddling 2X increase is not worth splitting Bitcoin. It was only ever a stopgap anyways until true scaling can be implemented.
Pushing harder and harder for a fork NOW only makes the Core side retrench further and further into a position of resisting such a fork. It makes it that much harder for them to come out in favor of a block size increase in a year or two. That's what I meant by "because politics."
Also, all the drama has caused the real scaling solutions to be delayed even more.
**Let things calm down for at least a few months**, and then maybe the community can start to agree on a proper, *long-term* plan that includes a block size increase.
@_date: 2017-11-12 19:23:44
"Firmly"? Lol. For what... like a few minutes or hours before crashing down again?
Besides, what does two altcoins trading places mean to Bitcoin? Literally, your post is a non-sequiter.
@_date: 2017-11-12 11:57:19
Buy on the way down, HODL on the way up
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:35:46
Just HODL and chill.
Bitcoin is hard to live with sometimes. And a lot of the time, it's pretty exciting/fun to live with. It's a roller coaster!
Take it from me, one who made the classic mistakes my first time around. Don't sell. Period. Even if it looks like you'll get REKT for a year or two (not predicting that, but I've been through worse). In fact, if it crashes and then you see a long lull in activity, that's the best time to start buying again.
@_date: 2017-11-12 16:10:55


Subjective opinion. Irrelevant.


See above. Old news is bad, new news is good? Novelty bias.
Off chain payments simply work *better* for many use cases, particularly micro payments and everyday spending amounts. This is where LN will excel and help take the load off the blockchain. It also improves privacy, and brings truly secure instant payments (0-conf was never truly cryptographically secure).
Scaling to billions of users won't happen on LN alone. Everyone working in this space knows that a base block size increase will eventually be needed. But linear growth of the block size is a stupid, inefficient and ultimately insufficient blunt-force approach to take first and/or exclusively, when the fundamental scaling issue is exponential in nature.
@_date: 2017-11-12 03:49:39
Downvoted for irrelevance.
@_date: 2017-11-15 11:36:48
A point of sale app and infrastructure used by probably millions of small businesses.
@_date: 2017-11-10 18:14:30
Work on the thing you believe in. Good luck.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:15:05
Pump in action.
Look at the volumes. Organic volume in BCH is pretty low. Then it spikes all of a sudden. Looks like coordinated market manipulation to me.
Bitcoin will be fine. This is actually a pretty weak move this time around.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:03:17
Nominal value. There is probably a lot less liquidity involved (too many HODLers keeping coins on the sidelines), making the swings look more dramatic.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:23:35
We call this "turbulence."
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:08:28
100% agree.
[Let's be magnanimous in victory, gracious in defeat](
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:55:51
You forgot this main reason:
* The much-maligned fee market. If BTC loses too much hashpower, fees will increase to compete for the remaining hashpower. The higher fees will make BTC more profitable to mine again, drawing back the hashpower. BCH doesn't have this advantage.
Methinks Satoshi's *original* game theory was brilliant-- perhaps even more brilliant than he could have fully thought through.
@_date: 2017-11-09 05:08:35
I'm not saying to let your guard down. I'm saying, give people the benefit of the doubt regarding their intentions. I really doubt all Segwit2X supporters/backers had insidious, evil motives. They thought they were doing what was best for Bitcoin at the time, and they now realized they were wrong.
Can there be bad actors? Yes, but why lump all of them into that category from the get-go? Try to bring the persuadable ones over to your side instead of continuing to bash them!
@_date: 2017-11-10 00:07:00
Segwit was uncertain for way too long because miners were blocking it. Probably the LN development could have gone faster if there had been less uncertainty around whether Segwit would even be activated. I certainly seemed to see a major renewal of dev energy in the LN community once SegWit locked in.
@_date: 2017-11-12 16:01:19
No, I'm talking about the Lightning Network.
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:46:43
Your comment shows that you don't get the point.
1. Clearing your coffee payment through the entire planet sounds amazing at first but is really quite unnecessary. Do you want the whole world to read a tweet every time you sneeze, too? That is the Bitcoin model. Everyone is following everyone else in the network, and every payment is like a tweet. At first it's cool to see, but soon you and the network itself would become overwhelmed with handling all the world's tweets on every single node. And you can't unfollow.
2. Clearing your coffee payment through the entire planet is super inefficient. Computers have gotten fast quickly, and so we've been able to get away with this inefficient model in Bitcoin so far. But the load it creates on the network is exponential in nature, and scaling linearly cannot solve it in a way that lets the whole world transact every coffee sized payment on the planet to the entire Bitcoin network.
3. A second layer that uses only a point-to-point model (like email) instead of a gossip-to-the-entire-world model (like Twitter but where everyone follows everyone) is much more efficient. Only you and Starbucks, and maybe a few hops in between on the Lightning Network, need to know or care about your payment.
4. The security of the Lightning Network is built on the security of underlying Bitcoin, enforced by simple smart contracts. It allows one base layer transaction, plus another one to close, to enforce security on an unlimited number of back and forth transactions in between. Put together a network of such payment channels, and you can pay anyone any number of times. So you can literally multiply the reach of Bitcoin to 1000s of times more transactions (actually, from 10s to literally unlimited, depending on use case) with the same base load on the Bitcoin network.
5. It not only makes Bitcoin coffee payments practical, it makes it possible to pay by the cent for reading articles or even pay by the micro-cent for every second of video streaming you watch. It opens up whole new use cases for Bitcoin. That is true scaling!
6. It enhances privacy. If everyone sees every payment you make, even if you hide your true name, companies and countries could soon identify you based on behavior profiling and following the money. This is already a thing with Bitcoin. Point to point payments are much harder to track and spy on. Even more, the Lightning Network may eventually have onion routing, like Tor.
7. It is instant. Bitcoin payments are not and never were. As a practical matter, most small payments were considered safe with zero confirmations, but they really were never cryptographically safe even earlier when the blocks were not full. To be cryptographically guaranteed, you always needed to wait an hour for multiple confirmations. With the Lightning Network, the smart contracts that enforce the payments have already been confirmed on the blockchain, and these contracts police and guarantee the instant, peer-to-peer payments that occur through them. So you get instant payments with true cryptographically enforced security!
In short, true scaling will require multiple layers, just like a rocket to the Moon requires multiple stages.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:52:22
Most people won't make money mining anymore.
There's a handy link in the sidebar ---&gt;
It says [Will I earn money by mining bitcoin?](
@_date: 2017-11-12 12:37:27
Never buy/sell based on Reddit... That's a good way to get taken by all the manipulation that goes on here.
@_date: 2017-11-17 20:59:17
Exactly :)
@_date: 2017-11-08 15:14:14
Downvoted for self righteous complaining. This is how Reddit works.
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:37:15
My point is that Bitcoin can be a store of value if gold can be, without necessarily becoming a ponzi scheme.
@_date: 2017-11-25 01:04:43
The lightning network will bring even better instant and really secure payments to Bitcoin and make it a good daily spending currency again.
@_date: 2017-11-14 03:52:28
I am not sure what "damage" you are talking about, then. Bitcoin C(r)ash damaged itself with a huge pump-and-dump. Bitcoin gets pumped and dumped many times, but it is a lot harder to do effectively now that its market cap has grown so large.
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:37:50
Just enjoy the feeling.
Or treat yourself to something nice. Like a vacation.
@_date: 2017-11-15 03:25:15
Actually, the kind of people who would never use a BTC ATM are probably those of us who know how to use Bitcoin already and thus know about QR codes and such-- and probably already have an exchange account.
I'm sure the markup on the BTC ATM is much higher than any of us regulars would pay for. They would have to be with all of that overhead and startup cost.
That said, they can help adoption and raise awareness, so it will be great if you succeed!
@_date: 2017-11-03 13:58:16
Use Dash, Litecoin, or Monero instead, to give out small amounts and show them how it works. I'm all in for Bitcoin as a store of value and long term with the Lightning Network as a daily payment currency too, but for right now I don't use it for small payments due to the fees.
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:33:34
We know this.
I presume your  point is that we should grow the blocks NOW because we will eventually need them larger for the Lightning Network.
Just remember that we need the Lightning Network first, otherwise the above point is moot. The Lightning Network should both alleviate pressure on the blockchain itself as well as make new use cases possible.
Once the limits of Bitcoin blockchain *plus* the Lightning Network have been reached, almost everyone I have heard is perfectly willing to grow the blocksize. Not to 133MB overnight, but certainly an incremental amount as the network is able to handle it.
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:03:59
Definitely would go down, but it would not go to zero.
It would still be traded internationally. There are other countries (see Japan) that have seen the light and realize that if they embrace Bitcoin rather than shun it, they will come out ahead. Reactionary countries are the ones who will be shooting themselves in the foot by banning it
@_date: 2017-11-16 17:13:26
Probably soft.
@_date: 2017-11-26 22:15:10
Sorry, blockchain cannot fix human nature.
@_date: 2017-11-12 18:09:36
Listen, I'm on record as having asked several Core guys including Luke to go along with 2X as a temporary stopgap and a show of good will. 2X is not a huge danger to Bitcoin, but it is also not a real solution.
Once I saw the real politics behind a lot of the supporters of 2X ("fire Core") and understood how divisive the hard fork really was, I default to the only safe position in a contentious fork situation: lobby for the fork not to happen until real consensus can be achieved.
~~(Un?)~~Fortunately, Bitcoin has no dictator, so it makes things harder when the community can't agree.
I've always been 100% behind real scaling solutions like the Lightning Network. 2X would have been nice in the meantime, but stopgaps are just that. We can survive a bit longer with high fees.
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:29:35
84% and falling. Was 95% just a couple weeks ago.
The 51% attack is applicable in a case where an attacker wants to publish an alternate version of history (by altering the blockchain). This is not really applicable in a hard-fork situation.
For a clear hard fork, each fork of the chain continues on its own with the hashrate that it has. If 75% of the hashrate goes to Segwit2X, it will continue on its own, at about 3/4 of the current block speed of the current chain. The original chain with 25% hashrate will also continue on its own, at about 1/4 the current speed (blocks every 40 minutes). This will be bad for a while, but then the difficulty adjusts.
In the long run, it's really the market that determines the hashrate. If Segwit2X tokens are valued at much less than original chain tokens (as futures markets seem to indicate), then miners will be losing money on the Segwit2X chain. Enough of them will follow the money (recent and not-so-recent events have proven this) that in the end, the chain with the highest price will "win" even if it takes a while.
So miners may *think* that they dictated Bitcoin, but really they can't help but follow what users value. If enough users refuse to be influenced by FUD and by the short-term hashrate changes, miners will (almost all) fall in line soon enough.
@_date: 2017-11-09 13:47:31
Being magnanimous in victory instead of vindictive, arrogant and punitive, makes it easier for such individual bitcoiners to change their position and go along with the victors instead of joining the next revolt/attack.
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:49:19
It's built in, but not exposed thru the UI until the next release.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:45:19
Maybe Ver moving more of his BTC to BCH? One can only hope...
@_date: 2017-11-08 04:02:56
"Original chain" is NOT a hard fork.
And "hark fork"? ... Please.
Otherwise, good news all around :)
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:11:01
Because it might just race to $18,000 in a few months. Where else are you going to get this kind of gain?
(It might also crash, as it has done many times... Only to pick itself up and hit new highs later.) Invest some while you can, but only what you could lose and still be ok.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:13:39
Market psychology is really hard to time. Wish I could get it right. Not complaining, I've had a good ride so far.
If you really believe it will drop significantly, go ahead and wait it out. My gut says it could drop, but not to less than $5,000. Or it could continue going up, as crazy as it sounds right now. Long run is up. Best wishes on your investment strategy. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:57:01
As you celebrate Bitcoin's rise, remember: Money is not everything. There are many things far more precious and irreplaceable.
@_date: 2017-11-09 16:00:42
Back it up then. I've studied it well, and it is trustless. You don't need to trust any of the nodes in the network because the smart contracts in the payment channels enforce the rules using Bitcoin's security itself. Point out the flaw specifically in detail if you can.
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:07:48
What short memories (or short experiences with Bitcoin) you have, my sweet spring toddler.
In 2011, it spiked from &lt;$1 to $30 and we all thought it was a bubble but we were caught up in the frenzy and excitement, too. I remember the popping of that bubble. It went into a long slump (&gt;1year) with lows around $2. Notice the volatility factor: 15x ($30 to $2).
I lost interest and thought it was basically a failed experiment. Unfortunately for me, I had only invested a couple hundred $ near the highs and had sold some on the way down. In hindsight, the smart thing to do would have been to buy up a bunch after the bubble popped, around $2-3. I would have been a millionaire easily by now.
However, this pattern repeated over and over. In April 2013 it "mooned" to $250 then crashed to lows near $50. But though the pattern repeats, the peak is always higher and the volatility factor of the crash is always getting smaller. This time it went down 5x from the highs.
Later in 2013 it went to highs near $1,200. Then slow-crashed to lows near $250 (about a 5x reduction). This time the "crash" was slower and took longer. So the pattern doesn't repeat exactly, because people start to learn from the last time.
However, I do think that Bitcoin goes through a speculative hype cycle every so often, and there is a pretty normal range of time (weeks/months) that these hype cycles last. It gets overbought in the upswing of the hype, but then something negative comes out and people panic-sell. Meanwhile, though, its long-term trajectory is always up.
Of course, it can't continue up FOREVER, but it's got a lot more room to grow. The biggest gains were for those who got in super early, but there are still long-term big gains to be had.
So... HODL and keep a long-term perspective. And, buy when Bitcoin is *not* in the headlines and when it is boring and seems like it's bumping around at its bottom, listlessly, not going up but not going down either. That's when you have the most upside.
For perspective, go to the site below and view about a 1-year window around May 2011, April 2013, December 2013. If you don't zoom to those windows, the spike and crash of May 2011 will not even register as a blip. ;-)
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:39:25
The technical reasons are disputed. Some say that the blocks are possibly big enough to lead to greater centralization of nodes. I think that is possible, but 2X bump in block size even with SegWit probably won't be that big a deal. I do agree that much more than 2X would be dangerous at this time.
The main issue *is* political. There are 4 major groups in bitcoin (miners, businesses, users, dev team). We don't want to have 2 of them (miners, some of the businesses) to take over a 3rd (the dev team). That gives them too much power to unilaterally direct Bitcoin wherever they want in the future. We need checks and balances.
Suppose they are successful. Adoption grows, and in 6 months they want to change the limit to 4X. And 8X, and so on. Pretty soon you have a centralized Bitcoin that looks more like PayPal, with the big guys controlling it and the small guys unable to pay enough to get a say in the system. We're already dangerously close to this with miner centralization.
@_date: 2017-09-29 22:19:28
Literally the majority of them are volunteering their time.
@_date: 2017-09-20 22:18:07
Analogies are hard to get right.
@_date: 2017-09-29 18:01:52
Incitement to violence makes your/our cause look evil. Downvoted.
@_date: 2017-09-29 02:59:00
Shamelessly copied from someone's tweet: 
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:14:11
In principle, I still advocate a 2X increase on top of Segwit-- I think it gives Bitcoin a bit of breathing room until second-layer solutions fully arrive, and I don't think it is big enough to cause major stability or centralization issues. (Segwit2X brings an upper average of 4mb blocks, not 8mb-- the 8mb is a pathological attack scenario that wouldn't last long or be very common. Plus, we wouldn't immediately grow into 4mb blocks-- they would increase over time as we are seeing with Segwit.) But much bigger than 2X at this time would be too much.
In fact, about a month or two ago I was trying to persuade the Core team and the community to just go along with Segwit2X, for the sake of harmony and avoiding another split. See for example:
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
**I have changed my mind.** A lot has happened since then. The Bitcoin Cash split occurred, and the r/btc community stepped up its attacks on Bitcoin, including an expressed desire that Segwit2X further divide BTC so that BCH can emerge as the "winner." I found out more about the Segwit2X team and the explicitly stated desire of some of their supporters to "fire Core" which I was never on board with. And more.
My issue is not so much with the precise 2X increase. *Bitcoin will be fine either with or without it-- it's really not a big enough change to be a game changer for adoption as some hope, nor to "break" Bitcoin as some fear.* It's a stopgap, really, while we wait for the real game changing technology to mature.
**My disagreement is with the stated desire to "fire Core" and with the reckless and dangerous way in which this fork is being rolled out.**  I was hoping Core would go along to avoid the split, but since they and a large portion of the community are not, it is too late to avoid the split. Given that there is going to be a split, I'm throwing my lot in with the Core team and with the safer, more conservative approach. I would love for the community to come together and sing "kum ba ya" but it's obvious that will not happen.
**TL;DR: I am in favor of a 2X increase in principle. But I don't trust the Segwit2X team. Since the division cannot be overcome and no perfect solution or perfect side exists, I am picking what I see as the better, safer side.**
@_date: 2017-09-29 22:56:08
40% of *miner* support.
Miners are only 1 of the 4 major groups in the community. It's ridiculous to view their 40% support as reflecting the entire community.
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:58:44
As someone who runs a node, I can agree with the general principle behind this comment even if I disagree with the specific numbers.  The bandwidth is the real issue, even today. I had several issues with my initial sync and had to restart, and it took a long time and was frustrating.
I would be willing to go with a 2X increase on top of Segwit-- I think I and people like me can scale with that. (It's an average of 4mb blocks, not 8mb-- the 8mb is a pathological attack scenario that wouldn't last long or be very common.) But much bigger than that at this time would not work.
My issue is not so much with the precise 2X increase but with the stated desire to "fire Core."  I also disagree with a bigger increase that the big blockers want at this time.
Call me a "middle-blocker" who prefers Core, SegWit and LN.
@_date: 2017-09-21 12:32:23
It's a lot harder to exchange their high volume of bitcoins on localbitcoins than thru an exchange. Not to mention, probably also illegal in China. If your business model involves illegal exchanging of money thru local meetups with random strangers or even known and trusted parties exchanging cash or big bank payments, your business just got a lot harder to run.
@_date: 2017-09-20 13:44:56
That's why such an ad campaign would be wise to do now, before the government decides to spin up the FUD machine.
First impressions tend to stick.
@_date: 2017-09-29 22:20:38
Fewer sellers + some buyers trying to get in because of FOMO = likely higher (fiat) prices
@_date: 2017-09-29 19:15:25
Not going to happen
@_date: 2017-09-29 21:18:41
Among many proposed alternatives at the time, Segwit was chosen as the first step to increase capacity, for several reasons:
* Requires only a soft fork, not hard fork
* Brings a lot of other benefits (
* **Makes scaling off-chain much more easy to implement**
Ultimately we need to scale off-chain (for *orders of  magnitude increase in capacity* at low cost, rather than the naive block size increase which only gives linear increases for linear or even worse-than-linear cost). So it makes complete sense for SegWit to be the first scaling step. It's the most efficient path because it enables other true scaling solutions in addition to increasing the block size.
Core presented this to the community, and it was mostly well received. I'm not sure entirely why (though some believe it has to do with an unfair advantage miners had with ASIC boost), but the miners balked.
A major reason we are at this impasse is not because Core dug in, but because miners dug in and wouldn't go along with the best proposed scaling plan.  We could have had Segwit a long time ago and by now Core might have gotten around to implementing something like FlexCaps as well (which sounds to me like the best of the next possible steps, but would require a hard fork).
@_date: 2017-09-27 20:25:34
"Improve" by hostile takeover. Including a reckless and intentional lack of replay protection. With the stated goal (at least by some) of firing the existing competent team of devs.
One of the original goals of the NYA was supposedly to avoid a contentious split and bring a satisfactory compromise to the community. That didn't work out well.
I'm for a 2X increase in principle, but not in this way, and not at the cost of splitting again and "firing Core."
It's time for the NYA parties to realize their effort failed and give it up for the good of Bitcoin. We can't all get what we want, and like it or not, in this case the conservative approach is safer.
@_date: 2017-09-29 16:53:56
I figure this just gives them (and many otherwise perhaps persuadable bystanders) all the more reason to dig in and dismiss our whole side as "toxic"... we can be better than that!
@_date: 2017-09-20 19:39:59


Likely because big-blockers either a) still are on BTC and want Segwit2X because, well, they are big-blockers, or b) have moved to BCH and want to sow as much chaos in BTC-land as possible by backing a contentious fork with no replay protection.
It's simple and obvious why each side says what they do, and pointing it out doesn't really add much to the discussion of whether the agreement is broken or not broken.
Say that you and I make a two-point agreement. I fulfill one side of the agreement, but in the meantime bypass the second part completely by another side deal that reduces and undercuts the value of our agreement significantly. It would be understandable for you to protest that I violated the spirit of the agreement and that the second part was now invalid. Of course, if I were to benefit from disagreeing with your protest (and insisting on keeping the letter of the agreement), then I would probably dismiss or downplay your arguments. Natural.
That's a much simplified analogy; after all, many of the important players in the community were (specifically/intentionally) never even invited into the agreement in the first place.
@_date: 2017-09-14 19:14:59
Will somebody please release his ass? It hurts when you pinch someone's ass.
@_date: 2017-09-18 13:57:32
Yep, I was scrambling to get my alt coins converted *to* BTC in late July before the fork so I could have more on both chains.
@_date: 2017-09-20 18:40:59
Sorry to be blunt, but you can't expect to fully understand the scaling issue after just a month of even relatively intense study.  There's a lot of propaganda and incomplete information floating around, and it takes a long time to sift through it and the agendas behind it (in the cases when you can even figure out the agendas without getting muddled up in conspiracy theories, which is a whole other issue).
What's more valuable and unique: the ability to purchase a coffee without an intermediary, or the ability to save and move much larger sums of money without being blocked by banks, borders, or bad governments? I would say the latter. It's not as life-changing and freeing to be able to do these small purchases as it is to be in control of your own financial destiny on a much larger scale.
Ideally, we would be able to do coffee purchases with the same money as well, but it's not as important/critical.
And the engineering problems that scaling on-chain bring are not trivial, regardless of how "simple" they sound. In engineering real software systems, scaling is not a simple problem and in most cases, requires a new paradigm in an architecture to scale well when you're talking about orders of magnitude in scaling.  There are whole sub-fields of computer science that deal with these kinds of issues. And even then, blockchains are their own kind of unique animal not seen before in computer science.
The problem with on-chain transactions is that they have to be replicated all over the world to thousands of nodes, and then stored for the foreseeable future. It's really inefficient to do this when all you're talking about is paying for coffee, for example.  The Lightning Network allows you to make this kind of small payment very quickly, efficiently and effectively in comparison, more like cash than gold, yet still allows you to use the same currency (Bitcoin) as your larger, on-chain transactions. Thus, it increases the *value* of the base currency, as you have correctly stated.
However, the fact remains that in its current form, without solutions like the Lightning Network, the much larger and more important use case for Bitcoin is a lot more similar to digital gold than digital cash.
@_date: 2017-09-21 12:08:37
I'm looking forward to this and other privacy protections being added to Bitcoin!
Reading the status update, it's very clear that Bitcoin development is not as easy as many suspect. When I heard about Dandelion propagation a few months ago, I thought it sounded great, and ready to implement with a few simple changes. I expected it to be in an upcoming version of Core quite soon.
But this mailing list identifies many issues that the proposal had to address, both to make it harder to spy on and to address implementation details (regarding mempool, DoS protection, and more) that could have been impacted, and that I had no idea would be impacted.
We need all changes to be thoroughly vetted and improved through the peer review process of many experienced devs, like this.
"Firing Core" would be a disaster. It would at best stagnate development a long time until a new talented team could come up to speed, and more likely result in poorly thought out changes being rolled out and then remain in the client and/or protocol forever. Or, privacy features that fail in real life and give people a false sense of security. And so on. Case in point: EDA.
@_date: 2017-09-30 01:04:24
Anything can happen, really. I think, though, that the big players who move markets won't do anything merely out of fear but will play their cards more intelligently than the small-time speculator reacting to the headlines.
@_date: 2017-09-15 18:52:08
Long-term bullish, short-term uncertain.
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:15:08
How will you split your S2X coins safely without replay protection? I know there are ways, but they are inconvenient and difficult. Do you have a method or a plan in place? I'm interested so I could do like wise.
@_date: 2017-09-29 19:27:35
If they don't wake up and drop support, I almost hope they do go out of business. Hate to say it, but the lesson needs to be learned well: DON'T MESS WITH BITCOIN by supporting a disruptive hard fork! If consensus cannot be achieved, make do with the current system until reasonable consensus can be achieved! Don't attempt or support a hostile takeover!
@_date: 2017-09-15 02:45:40
And forget the mining. Cheaper to buy and HODL.
Did I mention HODL?
Don't buy stuff from BitMain.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:38:31


Here, one link for the readers who are too lazy to Google: 
@_date: 2017-10-04 14:53:29
You could join the effort to lobby Coinbase not to support 2X or at the very least to enable trading both coins immediately after the fork. Since you are a Coinbase user, you can log your request via the help/support system.
@_date: 2017-09-28 22:46:36
This kind of crude approach won't win anyone over, "logical." Downvoted.
@_date: 2017-09-07 18:41:42
Anyone here heard of the Glacier protocol? 
It is a set of tools and best practices for managing long-term Bitcoin investments. I think it also covers passing on the details to your heirs.
@_date: 2017-09-22 12:40:45
Please link to the original paper here: 
The article above has a number of inaccuracies.
Dandelion Project only tries to hide your IP address when making transactions. It doesn't do anything for blockchain analysis. It's much needed but it's just 1 piece of the privacy puzzle.
Edit: there's another thread on this: 
It links to a more recent status update on the Dandelion Project: 
@_date: 2017-09-17 02:36:56
You have to be specific about which "people" agreed and which people backstabbed.  And remember that a lot of people weren't part of the agreement, so you can't drag them along by force.
@_date: 2017-09-12 17:38:04
Please don't donate to/through some random guy on Reddit. Sure, may be legit, but how do you know?
Use a well-established reputable charity.
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:45:11
Shamelessly copied from someone's tweet: 
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:20:59
It's because the terms you use show a complete lack of understanding of how Bitcoin works. It doesn't make sense.  What are you referring to when you say "companies" in the context of Bitcoin?
What do you mean by "communicate on it" (Bitcoin)? Is it an IM network?
@_date: 2017-10-27 21:17:31
Posting again here (already posted in Hong Kong thread), because of all the naysayers claiming this means nothing.
OK, so bitcoin groups in Germany, Korea, Brazil, Argentina, Hong Kong, Israel, France, and probably others that I have missed, have all come out against Segwit2X with public statements.
Where are the public statements of user organizations in favor of Segwit2X?
There are at least 4 major groups with a stake/interest/say in Bitcoin:
* Miners
* Businesses
* Developers
* Users
Of these 4, I would argue the **users** are the most important, because the other three exist to serve them, not the other way around.
Of these 4, only miners can be "polled" with great accuracy, via the block signalling mechanism. Some have incorrectly taken this to mean that miners rule Bitcoin, because their "votes" are the only ones we know how to count accurately.
Remember "No taxation without representation"? Can I update it to "No disruptive changes without representation" for Bitcoin? Bitcoin is financial, like taxation. You mess with my money, you mess with me.
Any major change to Bitcoin should have clear community consensus across all 4 groups if at all possible, and in my opinion, if there is disagreement between the groups, the order of precedence should be Users, Devs, Businesses, and Miners last.
Unfortunately we just don't have a clear mechanism to measure all of these. And this is why it is important to pay attention to community announcements like this one from Hong Kong. Yes, anyone can get a group together and say anything they want. But the fact that so many groups have come together to express their opinion shows they represent something. I don't see groups forming or formed already to support Segwit2X, and that speaks volumes.
@_date: 2017-10-18 16:14:02
Every time I traded, it ended up not being worth my time. I either came out the same or worse.
Sure, if someone wants to (and is good at it), they can observe market discrepancies and profit off of them. But it takes a LOT of effort and time and knowledge, and it is still risky.
The easiest way to profit in Bitcoin (as in, I don't have to even think or care about it), is simply to hold. HODL.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:11:18


I know, polling is unreliable and it's hard to gauge exactly how many, but I feel safe in estimating at least half of the community who are engaged enough to understand the issue has major concerns about Segwit2X. You have absolutely no solid ground on which to claim a "majority" of the community is in favor of Segwit2X.


Narrative is false.
The S2X agreement specifically left out major players in the space. They also ignored the concerns of a large number of people, probably the majority, about the speed and nature of the fork (insufficient time for testing, etc.).
Coupled with the completely irresponsible but intentional decision to cause maximum disruption by not implementing proper replay protection, it is clear that Segwit2X is a dangerous project and should be blamed for any split and disruption.
Their approach seems designed to force the existing, well-trusted Core team to come along in spite of their reasonable concerns about the risks of a 2X increase this quickly, or else get lost. The Core team does not feel they can in good conscience be forced to go along, so they are taking the conservative route. They are a very diverse and independent team, not at all under the control of a single corporation as is often implied-- and they all agree it's a risky change.
Thus, the ones making the change and trying to force it on a large part of the community that does not want it, are the ones to blame if things blow up.
Listen, I thought about it and did my own analysis, and I think a 2X increase in November would be safe and even healthy for Bitcoin. But as I said in another comment, if it comes at the cost of blowing up the community and "firing Core," it's a piddling gain at a huge cost. Definitely not worth it.
Also I recognize that Core's expertise is greater than mine, and there have been other situations where I thought something would be easy to implement in Bitcoin and later found out there were very complex issues hidden under the surface, which the Core developers skillfully exposed and analyzed. So even though I think a 2X increase would not be that bad, I have to defer to their experience.
@_date: 2017-09-22 17:04:51
You're correct. Try looking into MimbleWimble, CoinJoin and JoinMarket, TumbleBit, and the many mixers that have come and gone (some still around).  I'm still trying to figure these out myself.
@_date: 2017-09-26 14:24:26
This. Thanks!
@_date: 2017-09-19 19:43:09
That's exactly backwards. Segwit2X is a hard fork away from existing consensus rules, the existing codebase, and the existing dev team. Core doesn't need to do anything to "fork away from" Segwit2X, since Segwit2X is the one forking away.
I'm in favor of the idea of 2X but I'm not in favor of the way the Segwit2X group is charging ahead without greater community support.
I would please ask that the community remain respectful and not make this a bigger political issue than it already is.
I won't get my way on this issue, but I'm still cool with the Core dev team--in fact I respect then greatly. It's not worth splitting the community over such a relatively small capacity change.
@_date: 2017-09-20 16:23:49
I want a moderate block size increase. I think it's not that dangerous and we can handle it. It would help with adoption.
Long-term I don't believe block size capacity increases will scale Bitcoin to where it needs to go. I'm very excited to try out the Lightning Network. But even the LN devs tell you that for LN to scale, eventually it will require bigger blocks too. They cite 133MB as their estimate of the needed block size to be able to serve the entire world with the Lightning Network. Of course that's a long ways away.
In my ideal world, Core would just bump the size 2X and there would be no danger of a contentious split into two chains in November. Takes the wind out of the sails of those who want to "fire Core," gives us a bit of a capacity breather, etc. etc.
All that said, though, since Core won't budge on the 2X increase (and I understand their arguments, both technical and political), I'm fine with it staying at 1MB base block size (4MB block weight) for a while longer. A contentious fork is way worse than having to live with a small block size for a year or so longer, so I hope the current Segwit2X team stands down or loses support and becomes irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:36:39


It will require at least a year to plan and implement and get out into the clients so that the HF works smoothly.
Since it takes at least a year, maybe it's good to start putting some concrete plans together, soon. Having something on the roadmap would actually help defuse the threat of S2X.
@_date: 2017-09-14 13:06:06
Take it from one who is old at this... hold for the long term and you will win BIG. Try to trade the dips and peaks... lose and regret.
@_date: 2017-09-28 12:47:08
Also invested since 2011.
I want Bitcoin to take over the world, but we have to be realistic and not naive about how this can happen.
Adoption can't/shouldn't be pursued at the expense of every other concern that brought many of us to Bitcoin (e.g. censorship resistance, decentralized nature, ability for many people to participate in running nodes, etc.) The vision from 2011 also included these and other things.
I'm of the opinion that a 2x increase in block weight would be beneficial and not significantly harm these other properties at this time. In that sense I agree with you. But it's also clear that one major goal of this specific project is to get rid of Core. Why would I give up the team that has done so much thus far, only for a piddling 2X increase? That's a stupid trade.
In the long run, having Bitcoin truly scale to world domination will never work on-chain and requires second layer solutions. Even with the second layer solutions we'll need block size increases, but let's not fixate on taking the wasteful and linear approach first when the truly massive and multiplicative effects of second layer technologies are what we ultimately need. In that sense, 2X is just a stopgap, one that I think is ok on its face if that's all it really was, but really not a long term solution. In light of its other baggage and the potential for another split in Bitcoin, it's completely not worth it.
@_date: 2017-09-29 19:49:10
Seems we are on a similar wavelength. I was recently mulling over how to use fees to govern the block size, and as usual, someone has already thought of this:
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:04:38
Agree.  I believe slow SegWit adoption may partially be due to the hard fork of Bitcoin Cash on August 1. That was unanticipated by many exchanges and other economic players in Bitcoin, and they had to scramble to support it. That probably pulled away development efforts to get fully ready for SegWit.
Even so, SegWit is up to about 5% of transactions. Assuming the typical S-shaped adoption curve, within a year we should have nearly full adoption aside from the diehards who don't want to use it or can't for various other reasons (software, transaction type, etc.). That's actually not too bad.
@_date: 2017-09-20 16:52:20
Allows for more transactions with lower fees and quicker confirmation times. Right now we're not seeing a big problem, but certainly in May and sporadically since, we have seen big backlogs in the mempool. Some of it was spam but not all of it was spam. I know this big backlog caused people to pull back from using Bitcoin somewhat, because it caused me to use it less, and several businesses have also stated it hurt their business model. If Bitcoin is on a growth spurt, we shouldn't prematurely stunt its growth until layer 2 solutions are ready to take it on.
I'm definitely not a big-blocker. We need 2nd-layer solutions to scale properly. But a moderate block size increase (in addition to SegWit, which is helping some) would give Bitcoin breathing room for at least a couple more years.
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:18:57
They would be competing on an even playing field. They can't force anyone to use their software on this field, because the consensus rules are the same. I wouldn't bat much of an eye if they did that.
In contrast, with a hard fork and disruptive take-no-prisoners approach (the lack of proper replay protection), backed by their size and economic weight, they are trying to force everyone onto their version of the network, when it's clearly not the consensus of the community. The rules changes allow them to basically say, "Run my set of rules or don't transact with me-- in fact, risk monetary loss no matter who you transact with."
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:22:03
Another reason: someone could send you spam (this has actually happened... People sent 1 satoshi each to thousands of known existing addresses which they harvested on the blockchain). This spam may not be worth claiming now, but it might be in the future. Or, someone could send you a transaction by mistake. If you are honest and know who it was, you would want to be able to return it. 
@_date: 2017-09-29 19:35:47
NO to the current hard fork and Segwit2X team.
(YES to a block size increase rather sooner than later, but under the careful coding of Core. I like something like FlexCaps proposed a couple years by u/nullc though I would like to hear his latest thoughts on it. I was mulling it the other day and wondering if there was some way to govern the block size based on the fees-- and of course, someone has already thought of this. Here's a link: 
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:05:10
HODL one coin now, you'll have 2 coins after November.
Sell now, you'll have fiat, but you'll have to buy back in (at who knows what price, possibly when others are buying back in)... and only on one coin.
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:23:42
I love this analogy.
@_date: 2017-09-20 19:56:57
Not really, for several reasons. It's hard to make a proper analogy, but one reason why this analogy fails is the community has to share the same chain (if there's to be a single "Bitcoin"). Not sure how you would analogize that in your jets example. In addition, not all agreed to the deal; in fact the deal was made by a minority (with a lot of stake involved, granted).
The fact that there's a shared blockchain that everyone has an interest in is why it's so contentious, and why Bitcoin Cash splitting off and getting supported by the agreement participants is seen as a betrayal. Especially when the explicitly stated goal of many Bitcoin Cash supporters is to completely supplant the original chain and bury SegWit with it.
@_date: 2017-10-03 15:42:16
Miners won't completely stop supporting the original chain. A large number of them will mine whichever one is most profitable. The users decide that by how much they value each chain on the market.
Mining follows price. Price does not follow mining. BCH and their failed fantasies about "chain death spirals" proved this.
@_date: 2017-09-29 18:05:47
Coinbase can fall, like many other exchanges have done. I'd bet on the strength of Bitcoin over the strength of any of the companies that are built on it.
@_date: 2017-09-20 02:01:05
I certainly hope so! China banning bitcoin mining might be the best thing they could do for us.
Mining has been far too centralized in China for years. They would solve this problem for us in one stroke!
Sure, the difficulty adjustment might take a while to reach, and transactions would be slow/expensive for a month or so. We can handle that.
@_date: 2017-09-13 15:20:08
At what price did you buy?
Do you believe in Bitcoin or were you just trying to ride the upward movement?
Do you think you can time the market?
If not, do you think you can have some patience?
Bitcoin always does this... the only thing that changes is that the volatility is less each time (relatively speaking).
I was in the market when it crashed 15x (from $30 to $2) and stayed there for a LONG time. I did panic-sell some (not all) then, and then forgot about Bitcoin for a long time because it was doing nothing, just bumping around at $2.  Well, now I wish I had not panic-sold, and even more, I wish I had continued buying throughout all that $2 slump.
Then later it crashed from $250 to $50 (5x drop).
Then later it crashed from about $1000 to $250 (4x).
Notice the crashes keep happening. Sometimes followed by a long lull. But the volatility factor keeps going down.
Hindsight is 20/20 they say, but it's OK as long as we learn from it.
So do this. Don't panic-sell. You may regret it.
Watch for the long lull when no one is talking about Bitcoin and it's boring. Buy steadily throughout. Buy when it's out of fashion.
@_date: 2017-09-29 18:04:59
Clearly you do not understand what you are talking about. "Companies"? "communicate on it"?  "lightning nodes is the only way"?
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:44:42
Conspiracy theory.  "Block Stream" is trying to Block the Stream of transactions so they can Rent Seek and make money off bitcoin! Except... the business plan for this makes no sense... and Core is not controlled by Blockstream in point of fact... and many other things that don't make sense about this whole theory.
@_date: 2017-09-22 17:06:53
Unfortunately, scaling in Bitcoin (an exponential problem) is not exactly the same as scaling Internet bandwidth (a linear problem).  That's why it requires another layer of abstraction or infrastructure to really scale by orders of magnitude (Lightning Network, etc.)
@_date: 2017-09-20 20:25:09
Not sure I follow. Are you talking about two separate chains (Boeing vs Airbus)?
Or do you mean two separate implementations on the same chain?  Then the analogy fails because that would be like saying Boeing's deal forces Airbus to change their planes to match Boeing's specs, or get kicked out of the market. That doesn't make sense in a free market, and neither does it make sense in a non-exclusive deal (where China in your analogy could still buy from Airbus while buying from Boeing). The only way it makes sense is if Boeing is making an exclusive deal with China to supply *all* their planes, and thus gets to agree (with China) all the details of all the planes China uses. In this case, the deal excludes Airbus completely, so it doesn't matter that Airbus has different specs. But it also ignores the fact that Chinese passengers may actually prefer Airbus planes and are being ignored in this closed-room deal.
This interpretation of your analogy makes sense if one of the goals was to completely sideline the Core team and replace them-- as is rumored to be the case.
@_date: 2017-10-03 16:02:52
I agree, it would be great if the community could come together, compromise, and all sing "kum ba ya."
Since that's obviously not happening, I have to support the least dangerous approach, which is to back off on this change for now and keep the status quo (which is actually working quite well right now-- no big urgency to make a change).
@_date: 2017-09-29 18:04:01
Probably not. It could limp along supported by a few ideological diehards until the next  difficulty change; or if its *value* is higher, greedy/nonideological miners will switch to it and mine it; or barring any of that happening, Core could release a client with an EDA and/or a PoW change.
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:04:11
Smart people will dump altcoins and move into Bitcoin to take advantage of the "free" new coins, since it will be splitting again. People were doing this before the BCH split.
@_date: 2017-09-20 19:49:33
His point is that Satoshi has not sold any of them as far as we know, and thus is not really benefiting from them, thus showing his altruistic interest in promoting the project.
I see it as somewhere in between-- he's got the bitcoins if he wants to use them, but perhaps has not had the "need" yet. And personally, I think once one achieves a certain moderate but simple lifestyle, one could be content with that and not "need" more. Though it is rare for people to leave big money alone for that long.
Edit: there may be an element of caution/fear also. Satoshi knows that those coins are watched-- it would be really hard to cash them out without leaving traces of his real identity. And being the one who unleashed a potentially disruptive technology on the world, he probably is rightfully wary of governments who might eventually feel threatened by it.
@_date: 2017-09-29 15:53:11
If you think the Internet is a place for spewing out words like a sewer, then have your corner of it.
I like my arguments to be "logical," professional, and well-reasoned. My goal is not to spew filth on everyone (a great way to push people away), but to win people over to my side. I can't censor people like you obviously, but I have my downvote.
@_date: 2017-09-28 00:23:00


That's the beauty of trustless systems like the LN. You don't have to trust anyone with your Bitcoin because the transfers are backed up by the trustless properties of the underlying Bitcoin protocol and the rules that the LN adds on top of it.
@_date: 2017-09-21 14:51:30
In this case, you need TOR for the browser, not necessarily for your full Bitcoin node, which I believe is what nopara73 is talking about.
@_date: 2017-09-28 12:22:27
Correction. It had widespread support for the Segwit part but even back then a lot of people were saying they just wanted Segwit and not the 2X part.
Personally I supported and support the general idea of a modest 2X increase, but when I understood that the real goal was political, to "fire Core" and take over Bitcoin, I opted to oppose the specific Segwit2X project as it is now.
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:30:01
I used to think like you. See 
There are no perfect sides and no perfect answers. I would love for the community to be able to unite as you describe and avoid a split. But it's not going to happen.
Given that it's not going to happen, and a split *will* happen, which side do you want to be on? The side that has all the experienced developers and is conservative, cautious, and safe with their updates? Or the much smaller team that has shown to be reckless with other people's money? And all for a piddling 2X increase? Not worth it.
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:42:24
We're literally talking past each other. Don't assume I haven't read the "Core roadmap" about 5 times by now. It's one more click away from the link I myself posted.
My claim is that no hard fork is **actually on** the roadmap in any concrete way. The FAQ specifically denies that it is part of the roadmap as part of Segwit, which as you point out is semantically not a denial that a hardfork of another type is on the roadmap. However, you can't point to anywhere on the roadmap where a hard fork is planned, only that it may eventually be necessary.
What I'm trying to ask for is something concrete to be put on the roadmap, even if it is placed well after the other items. Something like flexcaps (also mentioned in the "roadmap"). A 2X or even 2/4/8 scaling seems a blunt tool in comparison, not worth a hard fork.
@_date: 2017-10-03 16:00:57
It's hard to measure, but consensus would be the vast majority of all major groups in a community agreeing on something.
Since it's hard to measure in this case for the whole community, some have fallen back to a single measure of only 1 out of the 4 major groups in the community: the hashrate of the miners and what it signals. This is of course absurd.
We can also fairly accurately measure support of the devs at nearly 0% (see  Should we decide based on that one metric?
Edit: Again, not trying to be hostile. I thought we should go along with Segwit2X also, and spent time trying to persuade Core devs to do so. But it's clear that's not happening and a large portion (albeit hard to measure accurately) of the community opposes it. Given this, I have changed my position to the safest option: keep the currently-working status quo for now.
@_date: 2017-09-15 02:45:40
And forget the mining. Cheaper to buy and HODL.
Did I mention HODL?
Don't buy stuff from BitMain.
@_date: 2017-09-29 17:50:24
HODL. If you have* coins before the split, you'll have coins on both chains after. If you can't figure it out, best to be on both chains than on neither.
* as in, have exclusive control over the private keys, yourself. Not on an exchange
@_date: 2017-10-02 14:30:00
Central point of failure: Github.  (I know, you can use git without github-- most people mean github these days when they say git).
@_date: 2017-09-29 17:48:41
It's literally not the 2X that's the biggest danger; it's the manner in which the change is being forced by businesses on the network/community (to "fire Core" and replace with their own team).
I tried to persuade Core to just go along with the 2X to avoid the split, but they don't want to be pressured into a hard fork in what they consider too short a time frame, by *political* rather than technical concerns.
Since they won't go along, I'm now NO2X because I never wanted to fire Core. I'm sorry that the businesses and users that wanted immediate relief on fees aren't going to get that right away, but I know for a fact that 2nd-layer solutions are needed in the long run to really scale Bitcoin to where we/they need it anyways. The 2X was just a stopgap, not one worth throwing away the Core team over.
@_date: 2017-10-05 16:03:14


Agreed, that one is on the miners. But we have Segwit now, so I would like to at least see something on the "roadmap"...
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:06:44
Lightning Network.
@_date: 2017-10-31 03:54:11
Lots of possibilities.
Three scenarios are often mentioned for Bitcoin:
* It takes over as world currency. If so, one Bitcoin is easily worth millions.
* It becomes a kind of "digital gold." Probably stabilizes around the 10s to 100s of thousands of dollars each.
* It fails. Value: 0.
@_date: 2017-10-09 01:43:01
I'm talking about the point I'm trying to make. I don't claim to know what someone else's point is...
The truth is, if you are worried about privacy, don't use ShapeShift, period.
@_date: 2017-10-12 19:39:14
Well, I think their point is that the dollar is not stable. Its value is going down. Perhaps it's not "possible" for 1 mBTC to be valued at $5,000 in *today's dollars* but it's certainly possible that it could be valued at $5,000 in *future debased dollars.* Especially if enough of the economy migrates to crypto and no one wants fiat anymore...
However, at that point we won't care so much about the fiat value of crypto.
At any rate, Bitcoin still has many hurdles to overcome before it reaches that point. It can't go up exponentially forever. It will most likely follow an S-curve of adoption, or several S-curves as it overcomes the various hurdles that stop its further adoption at each stage.
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:15:16
If you consider the parties in the Bitcoin space, miners make up maybe 1 out of 4 major groups. I can think of 4 groups: miners, users, businesses, and dev team.
So let's give them all equal vote, just to keep things simple. One group out of 4 votes 93.9% (right now on Coin.dance) in favor of something, but the other three groups don't agree.
How do you not see the lack of consensus? Are miners' votes the only ones that count because they are the only ones that can be accurately measured?
Coin.dance also estimates that only about 20-25% of businesses, to take an example of another group, are currently favoring Segwit2X. The majority are in the middle, neutral or ambivalent.
I won't try to make any claim about users' opinions other than that they are clearly divided and not "in consensus."
Remember it was the dev team that gave the miners the ability to vote, and it wasn't so they could control Bitcoin. It was originally done as a safety measure to make sure they were ready for already planned and agreed-upon updates. Since the miners have taken this to mean they now get to vote on whether the upgrades happen at all, the dev team will probably stop using this mechanism ever again.
@_date: 2017-10-04 14:37:51
Hash power does play a vital role in the system. Miners extend the chain.
But ultimately, all of this activity is to serve the users. If users value a chain, they will indicate that by trying to buy it, which drives up the price. When the price rises on a chain, the miners flock to mine that chain.
Miners can continue to mine at a loss on a less-valued chain for a while, but they will end up out of business in the long run if users don't value their chain.
See how users ultimately decide?
BCH and their fantasy of a "chain death spiral" for BTC a month or two ago proves this point. We're about to see it proven once again.
@_date: 2017-09-22 17:31:44
It's seen as a betrayal of Bitcoin because many Bitcoin Cash supporters want it to supplant Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-23 15:16:07
A new elite, hopefully kicking out the old elite, but liable to become similar to them in the end. 
@_date: 2017-10-14 01:36:58
No way to predict the future.
Bitcoin could be worth $100K in 5 years, or it could crash and become nothing.
@_date: 2017-10-03 17:04:46
1) Sometime in mid November. We won't know exactly until later.
2) Coinbase is being actively lobbied by the community to reconsider. You could join, with your voice as a Coinbase user.
3a) Keep your own coins (run wallet software and keep your own keys). Never leave them on an exchange!  If you are in true control of your own coins, you get coins on any and all forks.
3b) "Bitcoin Gold"... yet another fork. I don't know enough about it to know how to split it, but before the fork you'd at least have to ... see 3a) above about holding your own coins.
@_date: 2017-10-18 16:07:19
I've got better things to do with my money than throw it away on a super expensive quickly depreciating car that I probably wouldn't take out for a drive very often. To impress-- whom? I don't care.
@_date: 2017-10-04 15:08:50
I have run Bitcoin Core in a VirtualBox VM on ubuntu-server (though you could use Windows-- ick).  This way, whatever OS you use, it is a bit more isolated from your other activities. Another benefit: you can snapshot the VM at certain points, so that if somehow your chain state gets messed up, you can revert to the last good snapshot and not have to re-download the entire chain. Make sure you shut down everything cleanly before you take a snapshot, though!
@_date: 2017-10-04 18:33:49


Agreed. It's not going to come fast enough for some of our tastes, but I don't see how rushing it or trying to force it has helped.
I'm bullish on Segwit in the medium- to long-term, and the LN in the long term. A 2X bump now would have helped in the short term but it wouldn't be any panacea.
@_date: 2017-09-15 14:07:48
What short memories (or short experiences with Bitcoin) you have, my sweet spring toddler.
In 2011, it spiked from &lt;$1 to $30 and we all thought it was a bubble but we were caught up in the frenzy and excitement, too. I remember the popping of that bubble. It went into a long slump (&gt;1year) with lows around $2. Notice the volatility factor: 15x ($30 to $2).
I lost interest and thought it was basically a failed experiment. Unfortunately for me, I had only invested a couple hundred $ near the highs and had sold some on the way down. In hindsight, the smart thing to do would have been to buy up a bunch after the bubble popped, around $2-3. I would have been a millionaire easily by now.
However, this pattern repeated over and over. In April 2013 it "mooned" to $250 then crashed to lows near $50. But though the pattern repeats, the peak is always higher and the volatility factor of the crash is always getting smaller. This time it went down 5x from the highs.
Later in 2013 it went to highs near $1,200. Then slow-crashed to lows near $250 (about a 5x reduction). This time the "crash" was slower and took longer. So the pattern doesn't repeat exactly, because people start to learn from the last time.
However, I do think that Bitcoin goes through a speculative hype cycle every so often, and there is a pretty normal range of time (weeks/months) that these hype cycles last. It gets overbought in the upswing of the hype, but then something negative comes out and people panic-sell. Meanwhile, though, its long-term trajectory is always up.
Of course, it can't continue up FOREVER, but it's got a lot more room to grow. The biggest gains were for those who got in super early, but there are still long-term big gains to be had.
So... HODL and keep a long-term perspective. And, buy when Bitcoin is *not* in the headlines and when it is boring and seems like it's bumping around at its bottom, listlessly, not going up but not going down either. That's when you have the most upside.
For perspective, go to the site below and view about a 1-year window around May 2011, April 2013, December 2013. If you don't zoom to those windows, the spike and crash of May 2011 will not even register as a blip. ;-)
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:22:24
If you're going to judge who's right by counting who is on each side, you have to count all the people who agree with u/windtonner too, not just those against him.
(Truth isn't determined by majority vote... though it is good to listen to a number of experienced people and *then* make up your own mind.)
@_date: 2017-10-05 03:14:00
Thanks for weighing in, especially on the flex caps issue! I do respect and appreciate all your work and I hope you and the other Core devs don't go anywhere.
I recall reading the paper above when researching this topic recently. It strikes me as relevant to the fee market, but does it address adjusting the block size? I don't remember seeing that in there. At any rate, it seems to me that the best way to control the block size is in reaction to user fees rather than miner whim. If we could find a mechanism that does this without growing the blocks too fast for node operators, it would be far better than a hard, arbitrary limit. One reason is, for example, that there may be seasons of high transaction activity, and it would be good for blocks to be somewhat expandable at least to handle that surge even while the average size of blocks is kept lower than that.
By "roadmap" I just mean a high level set of goals to work toward, not a plan dictated to the community from on high. I think this is roughly what you mean as well. The page at  mentions the "roadmap" and most of the concrete objectives listed on that page seem to have been achieved. (Great work, again, and I'm glad to see Segwit activated, finally, after a year of delays!)
With that "roadmap" nearly done, is there anything like this list, but for the next 1-2 years, in the works? Schnorr signatures, MAST, etc. have all been mentioned, but has anyone prioritized them? If not, isn't now a good time?
My main point to the Segwit2X project is that they are pushing a change that threatens to cause far more harm than the modest benefit they seek.
My main point to Core and those like me who favor Core's general, conservative approach is that even a high-level roadmap would help ease the anxiety over the block size limit and allow businesses to plan around it. It might even take some more of the wind out of Segwit2X's sails. It doesn't have to (shouldn't, even) copy the simple 2X approach. It doesn't have to offer guarantees, but goals to work toward.
@_date: 2017-10-04 17:02:24
You ask, now what? Like you, I think a bump up in November would have been good, but it's clearly not being agreed to by a big part of the community.
Given that, I would like to see Core start implementing a hard fork for late 2018 or early 2019, with a cutover several releases/versions later, as described by Satoshi (see my comment above at   Also, something like FlexCaps sounds like a better solution to me than just a one-time increase in block size. Controlling the block size dynamically using feedback from user fees seems to me like the most logical way to go. (The other factor that should counterbalance that is perhaps the number of verifying nodes in the system? That is, the amount of decentralization... but how do we measure that?) All the more reason to test and take the time to do it right.
Yes, late 2018 and early 2019 is a long ways away, and it would be nice if we had started earlier on this. See stalling on Segwit by miners... we could have had Segwit by Oct 2016... though I admit Core could also have done more. But this is where we are, and if anything, this community split and blow-up proves that hard forks need at least a year.
Calling u/nullc, et. al. (I can't remember all the core devs' handles) for your view on this...
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:08:03
Low fees are great. But not worth it if you lose the main development team that has made Bitcoin great so far.  A 2X increase will be eaten up pretty quickly, whereas replacing the dev team will take a long time with potentially many mistakes along the way.
@_date: 2017-09-14 19:14:59
Will somebody please release his ass? It hurts when you pinch someone's ass.
@_date: 2017-10-03 15:18:52


We won't.


This is such an obvious attempt to manipulate the language to mean the exact opposite of reality. The forking chain is the one breaking away from (status quo) consensus.
In fact, there is no "consensus," because the fork is so contentious. In this situation, the conservative solution, the status quo, is the default "consensus" and the proposed contentious change is the one "breaking away."
I might agree with you if there really was a 95+% consensus in the *community* (not just 1/4 of the community, the miners).  In the present situation, given the lack of consensus, the absence of replay protection in the fork is unconscionable. It is a dangerous power grab that will cause financial loss and confusion and seriously damage the Bitcoin brand.
Listen, I don't want to come across as hostile. I actually started out as a Segwit2X supporter (in concept) until I saw how it was being rolled out, how divided the community was, and how (some) parties were trying to use this to "fire Core." I want a 2X increase, but it's not much compared to the order of magnitude scaling increase we really need and which will come with 2nd-layer solutions. It is such a piddling gain compared to the cost (division in the community, potential chaos, potential loss of Core team) that it is not worth it. This is why my position has changed.
I believe the less dangerous road is for us to table this change for now.
@_date: 2017-09-29 16:58:01


The point is that once it became clear that 2X would cause a contentious and damaging split, the r/btc crowd was rooting for and even egging on the prospect of a messy outcome. Not to mention, they all seem to hate Core as well, so they want to see as much damage done to them as possible.
I could search for and post several links here but you could easily confirm this yourself. I'm a little tired of r/btc, frankly.
@_date: 2017-09-28 11:16:56
Think about it a little more.
Miners aren't (all) colluding but competing. If you have the chance to include certain transactions and don't, the next miner will, and you have just lost that potential revenue. Competition does what it always does and drives prices down to market equilibrium.
Putting in pointless transactions that just secretly move your own money around from address to address has the same effect as sellers placing artificial bids on their own items on eBay to drive up the price. It can make demand look bigger than it really is and thus people will bid higher... Up to a point.
Also remember that the point of some of these spam attacks is not just to raise fees but to make it look like the network is more congested than it really is. That would not be achieved by simply choosing to only accept transactions above a certain fee.
This kind of spam attack does work better for larger miner(s) with a better chance of getting blocks often. They have less chance of losing money if another miner picks up their spam transaction instead of them, and they benefit more when the attack succeeds.
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:13:22


I see this claim being made repeatedly here, but their own FAQ states:




Perhaps there is a new "roadmap" somewhere which I am missing?
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:17:08


Not true if the response to [my post]( is any indication. There are plenty of people on this sub willing to curse anyone out for even suggesting that a HF be proposed, much less implemented.
I understand that polarization has driven people to extreme positions, but we need to get back away from this.
If a HF is to come in 12 months, work or at least planning on it needs to start *now*. That doesn't seem to be happening.
@_date: 2017-10-04 18:39:11
The discount needs to be there to incentivize people to use Segwit.
Also consider that Segwit effectively gives ~2MB blocks when fully utilized. If we had done a straight-up 2X bump in block size without SegWit, the fees would have dropped also (more supply, less competition for space), at least in the short run.
For miners, it nets out to about the same amount of fees. Suppose we get near full Segwit utilization in a year. Then people will be competing for ~2MB block space in roughly the same proportions to each other as they would have been with a 2MB block full of traditional transactions.
If anything, a block size increase in the short run results in lower total fees for the miners, whether it's through Segwit or a hard fork increase.
@_date: 2017-10-28 11:48:59
It's good that RBF is *completely opt-in* then, a **fact** totally ignored by the irrational anti-Core crowd looking for anything to pick on.
@_date: 2017-10-03 19:34:07
Bitcoin Gold... be careful
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:45:44
What makes you think a LN payment channel would be ridiculously expensive?
Let's clarify the terminology. A "payment channel" is a connection between you and another party, opened up using a Bitcoin timelocked transaction, so that you two can send money back and forth securely off the blockchain.  You don't "run" a payment channel, you "open" it, "use" it and then "close" it at some point.
Perhaps you meant that "running" a LN *hub* (software such as lnd, to maintain multiple channels with multiple parties) is expensive? I think this is what you actually meant. No, there is no reason that these should be ridiculously expensive. I ran one briefly as a test on my home computer and it didn't cost me anything.
Perhaps you mean it's expensive because you have to commit capital (bitcoins) to the channels? Well, that is true, and this is how LN works. But it's not prohibitive. There are enough crypto nerds like me who have enough bitcoin to make it work just fine for small payments, which is what the LN is designed for. I'd rather have my bitcoin invested in something that earns me some small fees and supports the network, rather than have them sit around doing nothing.
@_date: 2017-10-19 03:18:31
This. Code is long and narrow. A vertical view is best.
@_date: 2017-09-22 17:24:44
Block size increase offers a linear benefit for what *appears* to be a linear cost but is actually exponential, because every Bitcoin transaction has to be stored on every full node forever. The other costs which are harder to quantify include the loss of decentralization in mining and the peer to peer network as fewer nodes are able to keep up.
The Lightning Network, as an example of a 2nd layer solution, scales Bitcoin by *leveraging* the base layer's existing capacity to another layer where, once channels are established, an *unlimited* number of transactions can occur. In practice, a certain amount of Bitcoin capacity will be needed to establish and close these LN channels, and block size will eventually need to increase, but it will have a multiplied effect on the capacity instead of an additive effect.
I know I'm being a bit fast-and-loose with the definitions of "linear" "exponential" "multiplied" and "additive" but it's just to give you a quick answer. A formal definition could be given, but basically, you get way more transactions at a much smaller cost by using the second layer.
@_date: 2017-10-04 16:12:02
It's still a bad idea to split the community, invite chaos, potentially cause loss of funds, etc. all for a *piddling one-time 2X increase...*
I agree with the overall concept of the NYA, but the fact is that not enough people were on board with it. If a group of people decide for the entire community but leave out enough other important parties, it's bound to cause conflict, instead of bringing harmony as I'm sure they intended.
Edit: Here's how my ideal version of NYA and/or HK agreement would have gone down. Invite as many as possible, especially Core, and get them to commit to putting a hard fork increase baked into the code, the way Satoshi described above and/or the way Segwit was rolled out. Give it at least a year. Don't sign some vague statement without a hard commitment to the manner and details of the fork. I feel as though past agreements were too vague and gave various parties too much wiggle room, and caused a lot of misunderstandings.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:20:28
Oh but when you have an agenda, any suspicious link to your opponent is SUPER *sinister*... but any suspicious link to people you favor is "GUILT BY ASSOCIATION" and can't be allowed.
@_date: 2017-10-16 20:37:54


You do a lot of trash talking.


I have Samourai Wallet installed and have used it for transactions worth $100s of dollars. Most of their advertised features seem to be complete and working. Seems they are keeping it in "alpha" because it's, well, an app dealing with *money* and they want to test it like crazy before having an official release.
How did I find out about Samourai Wallet? By their posting publicly on this forum. Free advertising (well, they have to come up with something worthwhile to say). So I say, let them talk.
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:47:53
And everyone else has as much right as they want to call you out for being a complainer instead of a contributor.
@_date: 2017-10-04 18:07:14
There were good reasons for the discount. I kept hearing people say it was arbitrary, but it was very precisely chosen. It was designed to incentivize people to keep the UTXO set smaller, which is another important scaling issue besides block size. See 
@_date: 2017-10-03 18:24:56
Well, I wanted to know if you had a link or a source that you could quickly provide. If not, that's fine. No need to be rude.
@_date: 2017-10-04 17:13:16
I don't recall any significant opposition to Segwit from the user community until the summer of 2017 when all the FUD started flying about it from the Bitcoin Cash, on-chain-all-the-time community. (I could just have not been paying enough attention). My impression was that the community was pretty much agreed on it.
We do need a mechanism to gauge user support, but it doesn't exist yet.
My point above was that it's incorrect to use miner support (or lack of it) in this case as the only metric, especially given their conflict of interest.
@_date: 2017-10-27 15:49:05
Mercantile EXchange if I'm not mistaken (I read this on another thread-- I don't have a direct source)
@_date: 2017-10-28 18:27:24
So... If you can't code, you should have no voice?
Remember, devs exist for the users, not the other way around.
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:48:12
You replaced a transaction going to address A with another going to address B? Within hours?
You'll have to give me a lot more details for how to reproduce this... otherwise I find it hard to believe.
Even so, the issue is still that 0-conf was never secure, especially in a full-block, high-fee scenario.
@_date: 2017-10-22 15:04:05
Simple solution: make the attacking miners waste their energy by using invalidateblock on their attacking empty chain anytime it threatens to overtake the honest chain mined by honest miners. Requires coordination and awareness on the part of honest node operators, however.
 It would be cat and mouse for a while, but would cause enough chaos on the 2X chain, and miner defections, eventually to completely kill off the 2X fork.
@_date: 2017-10-27 16:06:07
OK, so bitcoin groups in Germany, Korea, Brazil, Argentina, Hong Kong, Israel, France, and probably others that I have missed, have all come out against Segwit2X with public statements.
Where are the public statements of user organizations in favor of Segwit2X?
There are at least 4 major groups with a stake/interest/say in Bitcoin:
* Miners
* Businesses
* Developers
* Users
Of these 4, I would argue the **users** are the most important, because the other three exist to serve them, not the other way around.
Of these 4, only miners can be "polled" with great accuracy, via the block signalling mechanism.
Some have taken this to mean that miners rule Bitcoin, because their "votes" are the only ones we know how to count accurately.
Remember "No taxation without representation"? Can I update it to "No disruptive changes without representation" for Bitcoin?
Any major change to Bitcoin should have clear community consensus across all 4 groups if at all possible, and in my opinion, if there is disagreement between the groups, the order of precedence should be Users, Devs, Businesses, and Miners last.
Unfortunately we just don't have a clear mechanism to measure all of these. And this is why it is important to pay attention to community announcements like this one from Hong Kong. Yes, anyone can get a group together and say anything they want. But the fact that so many groups have come together to express their opinion shows they represent something. I don't see groups forming or formed already to support Segwit2X, and that speaks volumes.
@_date: 2017-10-23 18:11:08
Not sure what you mean. You'll have to be more clear (re: Segwit, banksters, partners, enemy...)
As far as hash power, we (the honest Bitcoin chain that this group is plotting to attack via their B0RG approach), would only need 10-20% combined with some selective 'invalidateblock' calls periodically to make attacking miners go back to square one every so often. Eventually they'll get tired of losing money and "defect" back to the real, honest chain.
@_date: 2017-10-03 16:58:43
What do you mean by a responsible hard fork? What would be in it? Just the 2X increase?
I tried to reason with Core developers a month or two ago to do this... to just go along for the sake of harmony in the community. I came to understand that they have technical as well as political reasons for refusing at this time. I don't necessarily agree with the technical fears or reasoning; though I am a software engineer and have my own opinion, I do have to defer at least a bit to their expertise in an area where I'm less familiar. The political reasons (not allowing Bitcoin to be driven by business interests and closed-room "deals" for example) seem to me to have some merit.
In the end, I would still welcome Core "coming along" with 2X but as it is not going to happen and there is a significant portion of the community against it also, I have to side with the conservative approach and keep the status quo. It would be actually preferable and less dangerous for everyone for the 2X side to step down. Given that *that* probably won't happen either, we look to be in for some major chaos. I believe the main chain (not 2X) will be the best one to be on in the end.
TL;DR: I wish only for true consensus and one true Bitcoin. But it's obvious that won't happen, so we are forced to pick sides. I pick Core.
@_date: 2017-09-25 13:04:55
Yes, basically you mine an old style block with no Segwit transactions, and it is still valid on the network. This is how a soft fork works.
Segwit makes it so you can't use ASICboost *and* still include Segwit style transactions in the same block. As Segwit adoption grows, it will make less and less sense and be more and more obvious when you use covert ASICboost.
@_date: 2018-03-09 05:16:01
This doesn't make sense. The return on productive capital assets will be the same whether you buy them with BTC or USD, or whether their returns are in BTC or USD.
This won't be happening en masse until the rate of return on the productive assets exceeds the rate of return from simply HODLing. HODLing is a lot simpler and less stressful (once you learn to ignore market volatility).
EDIT: I guess that last paragraph is essentially what you mean by referring to the flat part of the adoption S-curve. However, remember that BTC is a deflationary currency. In a growing economy, this means it might still make more sense to HODL than to invest it.
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:49:16
Maxwell's flexcaps proposal doesn't have to wait for an "unusable" situation before we roll it out. It allows the block size to be increased by miners at a price, which they will be willing to pay if user fees have increased enough. If user fees aren't high enough, the block size limit stays low. Thus it's a much smarter solution than a brute block size limit increase.
@_date: 2017-10-03 15:37:41


Even if this was the intention, it's clearly not the reality. I also thought it was a reasonable compromise and initially supported it, but I changed my mind the more I learned about the situation on the ground and the unforeseen costs of the fork.
If this was the intention, it was doomed from the start when the group that got together intentionally excluded major players who were expected to just go along with an agreement they never entered into.
@_date: 2017-10-28 18:22:10
Included in Bitcoin Core 0.15: 
Before, it was accessible using the RPC interface.
Default is off, as expected for an opt-in feature.
Honestly, I can't understand why people make such a big deal of this.
@_date: 2017-10-20 17:00:58
A "balanced" article on the issue: 
Why do some people not want Segwit2X? Scroll down to the second half of that article.
EDIT: Here's another older but good article for historical background: 
My reasons? I actually think a 2X bump in and of itself would be beneficial and not dangerous for Bitcoin, technically speaking. BUT I am against this current effort because:
* The dev team running it is not very big or competent.
* Besides just getting a 2X bump, the stated goal of many supporters of Segwit2X is to get rid of the Core developers, who are actually much more competent and cautious. I'm NOT on board with that.
* A hard fork has to be nearly unanimous in its support, and planned with at least a year of time for upgrades for minimal disruption. I don't think it's impossible to upgrade in 3 months, or even less in an emergency. But it is practically impossible to do so safely when the "upgrade" is so contentious and a large number of people simply flat-out don't want it
In summary, I want 2X but I think the costs/risks are far too high for such a piddling increase, with this current effort.
@_date: 2017-10-08 04:03:06
The point is that if you are worried about privacy leaks, you wouldn't be using ShapeShift, period.
@_date: 2017-10-31 03:49:14
It's early research mode, not ready to be deployed. I'm sure all that will come but it's definitely not there yet.
@_date: 2017-10-04 21:07:38
I'm not a big-blocker. But it's clear there are a lot of people frustrated that we can't even get a modest block size increase in the *roadmap* to help grow adoption until the true scaling solutions kick in.
There might be fewer people willing to jump the gun on an untested and quick hard fork like Segwit2X if there was a prudent and well-planned one on the horizon.
I don't think it should be a simple 2X increase. A hard fork is too big a deal for just a one-time change like that. Maxwell's proposal for [FlexCaps]( in particular appeals to me... let the block size vary according to how much users are willing to pay for it. This way it alleviates pressure during periods of high activity, but keeps downward pressure also so that a fee market can develop and so that the block size doesn't grow without constraints.
Read the second half of the article a bit more carefully and see if you can't find something to agree with...
@_date: 2017-10-04 17:18:54
Coin.dance also tries to measure business support. Currently the breakdown of company's positions is 21% in favor, 62% neutral, and 17% explicitly against Segwit2X. Granted, this is a less accurate measurement, but it's something.
The Core devs are almost 100% against the 2X increase as documented on the Bitcoin wiki.
Ideally we should have a reliable mechanism to gauge the support from the four major parts of the community: the miners, the businesses, the users (actually the most important part), and the devs. We don't have it yet, unfortunately.
@_date: 2017-09-25 13:36:32
I intend to pay taxes on my gains when the time comes. I advise everyone else to do the same. The advice and details in this article give a clear overview of how to do this.
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:21:58
Just saying... it doesn't help persuade bystanders.
@_date: 2017-10-27 15:57:17
Often true, but the truth is still the truth regardless of what people choose to see or not see. Therefore your point is not really an argument for or against anything.
So instead of commenting on the fact that people will *interpret* things the way they want, how about commenting on the *substance* itself?
What do you have to say about the *substance* of the analysis and the clearly undeniable conclusion that pools which advocated for bigger blocks tended to produce smaller blocks on average?
@_date: 2017-09-29 19:37:00
Basically my position as well.
@_date: 2017-10-19 17:17:13


Not your node: not *verifiably* Bitcoin according to the rules you want Bitcoin to follow.
The node you run verifies the rules you want Bitcoin to follow.
I get what you're trying to say, and it's a valuable point, but it's really not a 1-to-1 analogy.
@_date: 2017-10-04 21:31:07


Completely agree, which is one of the reasons I'm against the current Segwit2X project. Letting business control the dev team removes one of the checks and balances in the system.
However, we shouldn't demonize businesses. They are also part of the community, and they enable even more users to participate in Bitcoin. As long as they aren't taking over, we should still listen to their needs at try to accommodate them, prudently and in balance with the needs of users and node operators.
@_date: 2017-09-29 17:57:20
Remember, we are all equally capable of becoming evil.
The problem is that concentrated power tends to make people take that path.
"Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely."
This is why Bitcoin must be as decentralized as possible, and why we think the centralization of miners is a problem. One particular miner or group of miners has so much power that they have decided to try to run things. They have used that power to stall something a large portion of the community wanted-- SegWit. It's not wrong to point out that this behavior can be seen as, well, evil. We are all greedy and evil to some degree, which is why we need some checks and balances on our power.
Some of course will point out the centralization of having one dev team, and how they have been stalling on a block size increase. Perhaps there is a point there, but in some sense, they are a check and balance on each other (miners vs. devs). If we replace the entire dev team with one under the control of the businesses and miners, then this check and balance goes away. Bitcoin will be run increasingly by a smaller and more concentrated group of people with power over more and more of the infrastructure, consensus rules, and community.
@_date: 2017-10-04 20:51:15
Moved to Medium: 
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:52:51
I don't want to fire Core. I don't want businesses controlling Bitcoin.
There are plenty of people supporting S2X because of its face value 2X increase. They could be more easily persuaded to stop supporting S2X if they saw something like flexcaps on an "official roadmap" from Core. Of course, Core will say they can't dictate to the community, but they can certainly plan their own activities and what they think the community would like them to work on.
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:04:46
Where is a hard fork, base block weight/size increase on the Core "roadmap"?  From the Bitcoin Core Capacity Increases FAQ (




@_date: 2017-10-28 18:31:51
Maybe I misunderstood your earlier comment too. I thought you were saying that Bitcoin has already failed for whales.
@_date: 2017-10-17 23:09:52
Yes, mining. You could buy from people but only a few at a time because most methods of payment were reversible. 
Example: you could pay someone with PayPal and then dispute the transaction after the irreversible Bitcoin were sent to you... the person selling you the bitcoin would be out of both. So most sellers only sold a few at a time.
If you really wanted to buy a lot, you'd have to go into some IRC chatroom and set up something directly with someone.
@_date: 2017-10-04 15:03:16
I disagree. I thought 3+ months would be enough, but it has not been enough time. This is partly why I flipped my support.
We can do it if we follow Satoshi's advice:










(Source: 
In other words, we should have it baked into the code for at least a year, so that the majority of clients are upgraded and it goes off without a hitch. Kind of like how Segwit was activated but without the miner "voting" (a later "innovation" as a courtesy to miners and to help ensure they were ready for an upgrade). Segwit code was in ~~0.14~~ [edit: 0.13.1, actually] for a long time before it finally activated. Granted, it was a soft fork... but all the more reason for a hard fork to be AT LEAST a year in the making.
If the hard fork is too contentious, a year gives people plenty of time to disagree by refusing to upgrade and/or releasing their own alternatives. But if planning is done well ahead of time (see Segwit) and community seems largely on board with it, I think the above approach would be MUCH smoother than the current 2X effort.
[Interesting side note... Jeff Garzik wanted to put in a patch to increase block size and release it quickly in that thread... and Satoshi told him not to, but to use the approach described above instead, when the time came... I guess Jeff is still not listening.]
@_date: 2017-10-06 14:25:32
Is this because it works by reducing the block reward in return for making the block larger? I could see how this would fail once block rewards become much smaller.
At any rate, we do need some mechanism whereby the block size responds dynamically to the needs and interests of a) users, b) miners and c) full-node operators. Probably there's no perfect way to do this, but so far the flexcaps proposal seems to get the closest of anything else I've seen.
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:14:16
@_date: 2017-09-30 01:03:02
Miners wouldn't exist without users who value the coin.
All parts of the community need each other, but none should be in total control. Checks and balances.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:02:25
Shows how much you know about the various kinds of spam attacks that Bitcoin has seen. There are low-fee flooding spam attacks, in which the spammer floods the mempool with ... get this... *low-fee* transactions (i.e. costing pennies or nothing, not $6 each). This kind doesn't slow the network for actual payments which provide a reasonable fee, but it does make the mempool look hugely congested, which is why it's a low-cost way to promote the narrative that "Bitcoin needs moar block space NAO."  Then there are other kinds of spam attacks which miners can engage in with higher fees, but low enough that they don't get taken by other miners. This does drive up the fees for others. The miner can recover their costs by mining their own transactions (thus getting back their fees) the next block they get. This is lost opportunity cost, but it isn't as expensive as the spam naysayers seem to think. Beyond these two ways, there are other creative ways to basically make Bitcoin look like it's a lot more crowded than it really is.
I agree, long-term we need bigger blocks. I'd like a 2X increase in November also. I don't think it will be as bad as some fear. The thing I am opposed to is the secondary (or some may say primary hidden) goal of "firing Core." That is a really stupid move. I'll stay with Core and no 2X any day rather than gain a piddling 2X increase but trade Core for a completely unproven, almost nonexistent team-- not to mention the disruption of a contentious hard fork.
@_date: 2017-09-29 22:51:31
Price rallied toward the end of July I believe, once people realized what was going on. The split happened so fast literally people had only a week or two before it would happen. There was also FUD about SegWit in the mix.
@_date: 2017-10-14 01:36:17
Bitcoin needs the Lightning Network. It's just not practical or even desirable to store everyone's coffee-sized or meal-sized purchases on the blockchain, because that means it will be stored on 10,000+ computers (or so) for the rest of time.
It's much better (and more instant) to transact directly peer to peer using the Lightning Network without having to wait for a third party, the miner, to get around to confirming the transaction for you. It's still just as secure, and the usability will be MUCH better for these kinds of small-ish transactions.
@_date: 2017-10-06 15:21:18
You want to use ShapeShift and yet are concerned about privacy? They publish all the trades!
@_date: 2017-10-04 21:18:59


There's been a lot of discussion. I especially like FlexCaps as I mentioned elsewhere. But people want to see something on the roadmap.
Perhaps since the roadmap from 2 years ago is almost complete (see  it's time for another high-level roadmap for the next 2 years. Couldn't something like FlexCaps fit in there somewhere? u/nullc mentioned it as being "further out" in the roadmap from 2 years ago:   Perhaps it's time to put it on a more concrete roadmap going forward.
@_date: 2017-10-04 16:43:38


As signaled by miners... which is only one part of the community as discussed elsewhere in this thread. Plus, miners are suspected to have covert reasons to stall on Segwit... have you forgotten that? Conflict of interest is why miners *should not be* (and thankfully, are not) the only deciders in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-05 16:05:46
Probably true.
Which is why it's a bad idea to give miners voting/veto power over user-desired features. It probably won't happen again.
@_date: 2017-10-03 16:32:17
Good point. Money does talk.
@_date: 2017-10-30 02:16:41
Samourai Wallet on Android.
Sorry, yes, it is a phone, but phones are much more secure than Windows these days.
If you want to do offline transaction signing, you'll probably have to use Electrum in offline mode, or an airgapped Bitcoin Core full node if you're super paranoid. I don't know about the BIP38 decoding part of that-- can't help you there unfortunately. But I bet there are documents somewhere about it.
@_date: 2017-09-29 17:00:59


The thing is, I believe every part of the ecosystem should do what they do best and respect the other parts in their area of expertise. In this case, the dev team are the ones who are much more capable of gauging the impact of a block size increase on the technical aspects of the network, than the businesses are. So I give the dev team a lot more weight on those issues. The businesses can put in their views on this issue (after all, they are impacted greatly by the block size limit), and the dev team should listen, but *the businesses should not be driving these changes unilaterally.* It's not their area of expertise and specialization-- they are trying to take over in an area where they lack expertise.
@_date: 2017-10-01 11:33:03
Just like it does every time with BCH?  Heh.  
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:18:23
I value the Core team far more than a piddling 2X increase.
If Core thinks it could be done and enough people come along, I would say, go for it. If it's still contentious, I say it's not worth it. 2X is nothing in the grand scheme of things. We need 100x, 1000x and the only way to do that is with second-layer (Lightning Network, etc.). Base block size increase WILL be needed and WILL be implemented by Core at some point, maybe just not as fast as some of us want.
Edit: I used to think 3 months is enough time-- but honestly, it's only true if EVERYONE is on board and EVERYONE is up to date with their clients. After seeing the situation on the ground, I have to agree with Core that any hard fork will require a MINIMUM of 12 months to 18 months to be safe, unless we're faced with an emergency situation that threatens Bitcoin itself and requires a hard fork to fix (example: someone finds a big flaw in the hashing algorithm).
@_date: 2017-10-05 16:10:04
We have Segwit now. I for one would like to see an updated roadmap (the current one is almost complete! see  )
In fact, if we have something concrete on the roadmap, it helps take the wind out of the sails of S2X supporters.
I don't think a blunt 2X increase is really the best approach, though. I would like Maxwell's flexcaps proposal much better: allow block size increases to be "purchased" by miners who would have the incentive to do this only when fees were high enough to justify it. This puts users back in (indirect) control and keeps a healthy fee market, regardless of demand fluctuations.
@_date: 2017-10-04 14:34:22
Long-term manipulation of coin price is very expensive, though.
@_date: 2017-10-19 20:35:21
Only problem is that you can't tell if individuals are just spreading their wealth around to more and more addresses. Speaking personally, as Bitcoin's value has risen, I have redistributed my stash once or twice to addresses holding smaller amounts.
@_date: 2017-10-29 18:22:30
Weird. Not saying it's not true, but I never experienced this. Was your client started with the -walletrbf option by any chance?
Secondly, I still fail to see what the big fear of RBF is... You "replaced" one transaction with another that had the same details except for a higher fee. What would be the problem with allowing that?
@_date: 2017-10-28 12:05:37
Completely failed investors and HODLers... Yeah... To the tune of 1000s of percent gains. Wow, such fail.
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:11:38
Your link goes to a page of Core devs endorsing the 2-year-old "roadmap" email from Greg Maxwell, which I highly endorse. But he would himself deny that it is an official roadmap or that it includes a hard-fork base block size increase. I think you are referring to the block size increase mentioned there which is a result of Segwit itself.
From the Bitcoin Core Capacity Increases FAQ ( ):




He does talk about "Further out, there are several proposals related to flex caps or incentive-aligned dynamic block size controls based on allowing miners to produce larger blocks at some cost" which I think is a great idea, but requires a LOT of testing, planning, and an eventual hard fork.  But it's not really on the roadmap... it was some proposals but has not, so far, seemed to materialize... if anything, Maxwell seems to be reconsidering the approach.
Source for several of the above claims: a conversation with u/nullc yesterday at  (I welcome Maxwell to correct me if I'm representing things inaccurately).
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:35:21
Maybe publishing a more concrete plan/roadmap with flexcaps on it (even if it's a year or two out) would help actually defuse the S2X threat?
@_date: 2017-09-26 05:37:11
I used to think like that. Just spend it slowly enough and never declare it, or something to that effect.
I am OK using some loopholes, but after thinking about it, I'm not OK with outright breaking the rules, even if I may disagree with the tax rates and the various policies of the government. I was able to get in early enough to make some money (not mega rich or multi-millions, but a nice windfall), and I think it's only fair that there be some taxes on it. Mind you, I'll still try to minimize the taxes via the long-term capital-gains route.
@_date: 2017-10-03 15:33:46
The Bitcoin community can be said to have at least 4 major groups: users, miners, businesses, and devs.
You're going to use miners to represent the sentiment of the entire community?  What if their interests are not aligned (as is in fact the case)? There need to be checks and balances between the various parts of the community, and thankfully, there are.
What if we only considered the opinions of retirees in making policy for Social Security? They are clearly major "stakeholders," but what if they voted themselves a 10% increase in benefits every year? (Just a random example off the top of my head, to illustrate the absurdity of polling only one interested stakeholder group in a large and complex system that affects many people.)
@_date: 2017-10-03 18:23:47
It's possible at least in theory on Intel-based Synology DiskStations. You can download and run most Linux-compatible software. I haven't tried it though.
@_date: 2017-10-29 12:38:39
Because it eventually times out and falls out of the mempool?


That is completely unrelated to RBF.
RBF means you can replace it while it's still in the mempool. And to my knowledge, the only modification supported by the Bitcoin Core client is to bump up the fee. It's even called "bumpfee" in the API. 
Careful where you get your info. Confirm for yourself. There's a lot of FUD out there.
@_date: 2017-10-04 16:09:00
If you are familiar with AWS, not hard. If you are not, you'd have to educate yourself on a few things or find a tutorial. I have use a VirtualBox VM on my local machine instead.
@_date: 2017-10-04 17:07:50


Can you point me to a source for this? The FAQ at  seems to indicate exactly the opposite: "Will there be a hard fork before or as part of the segregated witness implementation? No. That is not part of the roadmap."
@_date: 2017-09-29 02:06:36


I long have thought that most people on both sides have good intentions, just with perhaps different understandings, or different relative priorities. (It's clear there are also bad actors but I don't like to jump to that judgment about anyone until it becomes hard to avoid that conclusion.)
In this case, you value a 2X bump in block size over the current team. You value a team that wants to scale using the obvious (some would say naive) and linear approach... and I still think there should be some room for that.
In my case, I value stability and experience in the dev team a lot more than this 2X increase, for sure, and perhaps more than short-term adoption growth. In the long term, if the Core team somehow kept the block *weight* at 1MB (~2MB block *size* with Segwit) and there was no relief from 2nd-layer solutions, I might come around to looking for an alternate dev team... but it's not there yet by far. And I have every reason to believe Core will increase the block weight eventually, but safely and cautiously. They have openly discussed various approaches to it, and settled on Segwit as the first step.
It's pretty clear there isn't enough consensus, though, on the next immediate step after Segwit, so the cautious approach seems right to me.
@_date: 2017-10-06 14:23:59
Docker would probably work fine, but I'm using the tools I'm most familiar with.
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:02:04
Inaccurate. 8MB would be a very pathological attack scenario which would not occur very often or last long. A more realistic estimate is that SegWit2X blocks would be up to 4MB in size.
Let's not take the extreme and rare case and cite it without mentioning its context.
For the record, I'm for a 2X increase in principle, but *against* this particular method of achieving it and this particular team trying to do it in such a disruptive manner.
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:02:00
Removing politics from the equation, I mostly agree with you. In fact, I've also been mulling over what kind of algorithm could be used that dynamically balances miner incentives, user fees, and block size while also not growing the blockchain too fast. I'm researching this to see if anyone else has come up with something more concrete, as is usually the case.
* u/nullc has suggested FlexCaps for example: 
* I found this post on bitcointalk.org: 
* Just found this paper, apparently published days ago:  . Not an easy read; I haven't really started to absorb it yet.
* A discussion here on Reddit that has lots of info and links: 
I don't endorse any of the above, but just put them out there as food for thought, my own included.
If u/nullc wants to comment on FlexCaps and what he thinks of that or a similar approach now that we've been through everything we've seen in the past two years, I would welcome that gladly.
@_date: 2017-10-02 00:19:31
Hard to "join" an agreement that happened at a specific place and time (in New York about 4-5 months ago). It is possible and actually is occurring that some additional players may come to "support" the NYA.
@_date: 2017-09-20 18:58:45
The 2x chain split will result in two separate coins, but people will have trouble spending them independently because of the replay issues.
By the way, don't try to time the market.
Some people expect price to go down drastically, and they hope they can sell before it goes down and then buy when it is at the lows. I thought that would happen with the last fork, but it didn't... (I wasn't trying to trade it, so I was fine either way).
On the other side, some people will want to buy in before so they can get both coins-- this will make the price go up, if enough people do it. Price may stagnate, go sideways, or go haywire afterwards, though, if the lack of replay protection causes enough issues. I predict that "mining dust" will be in high demand (because if you combine even a tiny bit of bitcoin mined only on one chain with your transaction, that's one way to protect your transaction from replays on the other chain).
So who knows what will happen to the market.
@_date: 2017-09-14 12:43:54
Consulting my crystal ball... 
It says this is a question that no one can answer.
Just buy and hodl for the long term.
@_date: 2017-09-29 18:19:49
That's a conspiracy theory. Where are your facts to back it up?
@_date: 2017-10-14 01:38:30
So far we have had it rise quite a lot through its history, in spite of having "died" (or proclaimed to be dead) lots of times.
However, there is no guarantee. In the short run, anything could happen. In the long run, anything could happen. But in the long run you will probably be much better off holding some BTC. Don't try to day-trade it or play with alts. Too many of us tried that and found it doesn't work as well as just HODLing.
@_date: 2017-10-06 14:27:51
I actually don't want it "so badly," but it's pretty obvious that a) it will be needed, most likely soon-ish and b) if it takes at least 12 months to plan, maybe we shouldn't wait until the need is right on top of us...
@_date: 2017-10-04 18:17:43


With this, I think you and I can agree :)
@_date: 2017-10-03 17:14:50
The POW algorithm has never been changed, much less to favor ASICs. It was just a natural evolution of hashing power that it would eventually migrate to ASICs because they are so much faster at the job.
@_date: 2017-10-28 12:57:57


See, there you go into interpretation ("from my perspective")
@_date: 2017-10-15 01:16:56
Wow, had no idea they were still around. The early exchanges almost all faded or blew up, and I guess I had assumed they were gone by now.
@_date: 2017-10-05 03:20:36
All good points, but I am not sure how this directly addresses the topic here.
I'm trying to get Segwit2X supporters to back down for the sake of avoiding far more damage than the modest benefit they seek. But I'm also trying to move the rest of the community to consider some changes-- long though the road may be to implement them-- which we probably will need in the not too distant future (year+, not months).
I agree that miners don't run bitcoin. In fact the experience with Bitcoin Cash's fluctuating hashrate proves that actually users govern the miners, indirectly, by setting the market price of the chain they value most.
@_date: 2017-10-03 15:10:11
Market price is a perfectly good "measure" of what users value.
Good thing the miners will mostly follow the market. They certainly can't lead it.
See BCH/BTC and the "chain death spiral" fantasy and how that fell flat for a perfect example.
@_date: 2017-10-04 23:00:08
True. We don't *need* 2X now. But we may need something in the next 2 years. Time to start planning? Put Flexcaps on the roadmap? Release a roadmap for the next 2 years, now that the current one is almost done?
@_date: 2017-10-03 16:21:46


This is the real reason I changed from supporting Segwit2X to opposing it.
I can give my technical reasons why I think a plain-vanilla 2X bump in base block weight will not cause the harm that some think it will. I can give economic and adoption reasons for why I think it's the right size increase at the right time.
But in the end, the costs of this particular change in reality (political costs, costs of community division, costs of potential chaos due to fluctuating hashrate and lack of replay protection) far outweigh the modest benefits of a 2X increase.
Of course the best outcome would be one chain or the other completely dominates, and no disruption occurs in the dev team (i.e. Core also follows the dominant chain). Segwit2X is trying its best to be the dominant chain, but it looks obvious to me that it will be a hugely contentious fork instead, the outcome that everyone says they were trying to avoid. Since that is the case, isn't the safest approach to back down for now?
(There are some who want the fork... some are looking forward to an "airdrop" of "free money." The problem is that there is no truly free lunch. There are greater costs to consider. Jimmy Song detailed some of them at Breaking Bitcoin: 
@_date: 2017-10-04 15:09:37
Very plausible.
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:32:53
I'm not trying to play with semantics; Maxwell himself objected to it being called a "roadmap" and so I am trying to be careful not to give the impression that it is somehow a plan dictated to the community from on high. Nevertheless, whatever we call it, it is what the Core team intends to work on/towards as long as the community supports it.
All I'm saying is that most of the concrete items on the "roadmap" have already been implemented:  
Since it's been almost 2 years, perhaps it's time to update the "roadmap" and make some more concrete prioritizations. The community/Core could move some of the items like flex caps from "further out ... proposals" to an actual year on the timeline for the next 2 years. Personally, I'm not afraid of a 2X increase but I think it's a stopgap. LN will give true scaling, but even LN needs a block size increase eventually. A smart version controlling the block size based on user fees seems much better to me than a blunt hard limit increase.
In conclusion, many of us would like to see an updated "roadmap" with things like Schnorr signatures, MAST, etc. on it, and something like flex caps as well. It can be at the end of the roadmap, I don't care. But it would help remove some of the support from Segwit2X and those who are trying to rush/force a hard fork now, if they could at least point to something more concrete than "further out ... proposals" which don't even have a year or a priority on the "roadmap."
@_date: 2017-10-30 03:31:14
I don't use iOS, sorry... Samourai Wallet appears to be available only on Android.
@_date: 2017-10-03 17:23:30
I don't think the situation is like you described. Can you provide a source?
"Flipping a switch" implies that it's already in the deployed clients and would simply require a configuration value change in a file.
@_date: 2017-10-16 14:51:28
My first experience with a crash was in 2011 or 2012... Can't remember. Bought a few when they were in the single digits, then saw them balloon to $30 and then crash. Sold some at $12, then forgot about it because price went into a long lull getting as low as $2. I assumed Bitcoin was a failed experiment. Fortunately I kept a handful from that time and started buying a bit more years later when the price started going up. Traded a bit and used some for buying stuff, etc. also.
Lesson I would have given my past self: Buy during the lulls when Bitcoin is not in the headlines, when it's a boring or misunderstood and rather disliked investment. I missed the opportunity to do that multiple times, but never gave up on holding the ones I managed to hang on to from that first crash.
TL;DR: Buy when it's not popular and then hold. HODL.
@_date: 2017-10-16 20:44:51
And it works fine. Sa2shi is just trash-talking them.
@_date: 2017-10-05 15:46:59
Isolation/security. VM snapshots.
@_date: 2017-10-30 19:17:23
Bitcoin isn't "simple" by most people's definitions of the word. This paper is a very computer-sciencey, mathematical definition of the low-level semantics of the language. Most programmers' experience with it would be through a much higher-level, easier-to-understand programming language that compiles down to Simplicity.
@_date: 2017-10-06 15:38:10
One link: 
Click through to the slides also.
@_date: 2017-10-30 15:50:42
How does opt-in RBF make this so?
As you said, you made a transaction, and you were able to replace it later with a higher fee because it wasn't confirmed... but you didn't commit fraud, you were not able to replace it with a transaction sending it somewhere else, were you?
Why wouldn't the merchant you are paying want you to bump up the fee? Makes them get their money faster!
I keep hearing FUD about how RBF makes double-spend possible. No it doesn't. There was always that possibility, and RBF doesn't change that one way or the other.  0-conf was never truly safe. There's a reason that from the beginning of Bitcoin, people recommended at least 6 confirmations for payments of any major significance. As a practical matter, for small payments 0-conf was OK just because it wasn't worth attacking smaller payments.
Your real gripe is with the full blocks and the fee market.
I do agree that it's too bad payments are not as quick as before. I'm not sticking my head in the sand and saying that's not a problem. I just happen to disagree that the true solution is to (always) increase the block size. That's a stopgap at best. True scaling requires a new architecture, because the current one doesn't "scale" in the real sense of the word, to the size we need. Fortunately, just like the Internet, we can build new layers on top of the existing layers. The Lightning Network when fully realized, will be as fast as 0-conf (sub-seconds), and FAR safer. It comes with its own tradeoffs, but it will be ideal for instant micropayments and everyday-sized payments using Bitcoin. Watch out VISA!
Have patience! Good things come to those who wait, and don't rush the process with non-solutions.
@_date: 2017-10-03 17:12:36
He doesn't understand and has been taken in by FUD from the anti-Segwit crowd.
Not just Bitcoin Core 0.14 and later enforce Segwit, but even the btc1 client for Segwit2X enforce Segwit. There will be no chance that a block rolling back the meaning of the output and "stealing" coins from Segwit addresses would be accepted by the network, on *either* fork.
@_date: 2017-10-08 13:30:11
Dandelion is great for hiding the IP of the node from which you broadcast a transaction, so that it is harder for a spy with nodes in the P2P network to find out your location. It does nothing for on-chain analysis.
@_date: 2017-10-06 14:29:42
But there are countermoves that, while a bit difficult to coordinate, can neutralize the attack repeatedly-- so the incentive to attack is much reduced. You'd have to repeatedly throw away hashpower to cause what would most likely be seen as a series of setbacks in the target chain, not as a chain-ending event.
@_date: 2017-10-19 14:28:41
I run a full node, and I don't think your analogy holds water.
@_date: 2017-10-25 16:03:09


Technically you are incorrect. They ADD TO the consensus rules, but do not BREAK any existing rules. They narrow the definition of what is valid, so that the former, broader rules still apply. This is the very definition of a soft fork and what makes them backwards compatible.
A hard fork either breaks or changes existing consensus rules such that existing nodes without the changes see the changes as invalid and reject them.
@_date: 2017-10-17 22:03:41
MUCH better! UPvoted.
@_date: 2017-10-04 14:47:54
This is a great question and one that deserves an answer. I'm sorry you got censored and downvoted for it.
I can't say for sure how the community would address this. However, I think there are several possibilities to address a malicious 51% attack. As far as I know, they all require community-wide coordination. Below are the two I know about.
First, and least disruptive, would be to call 'invalidateblock' on the attacker's first block that forks off in a malicious way. This is an operation for emergencies like this (or for testing reorgs) that marks a block in the blockchain as invalid, so that the chain can choose the alternate fork and ignore the fork including that block.  Everyone, but especially those running a full node, who wants to stay on the valid, non-attacked chain (the one with 49% or less hashpower) would simply have to call this operation and pass the hash of the invalid block. This would waste the attacker's effort and make them restart at the current valid tip, or restart further back before the bad fork and have to expend more hashrate to catch up and overtake the other valid chain. But of course this counter-move requires manual intervention on the part of anyone running a full node. This is an example of community consensus (community enforcing the rules when an attacker uses hashpower to violate them). See 
Second, in an extreme case, the community could roll out a new Proof of Work algorithm. It would require rolling out a patch or new release on all nodes who wanted to participate. I'm sure this would not be done unless there were a true emergency and many miners kept continually attacking the chain. This is the "nuclear option" but it is better than not having a chain at all. It would also bring some potential benefits if done right. It would reset the mining game and could decentralize mining once again, bringing the interests of miners closer to the interests of the community.
@_date: 2017-10-04 21:55:21


Honest, hard-working people trying to start up businesses in the Bitcoin space are unable to make concrete plans for the next few years because of this. If a concrete proposal was on the roadmap at least they could plan around it.
@_date: 2017-10-16 11:23:33
Volatility would probably be lower but the price alone will not guarantee that.
Fees will definitely be higher in dollar terms. The LN is mainly going to help with smaller transactions, but if the price goes up that much the will be a lot more large transactions going on. I'm really bullish on the Lightning Network, but it will bring Jeavon's Paradox into play. We will need an increase in the base layer eventually, as almost every single developer acknowledges, and that "eventually" is getting closer as the price rises.
@_date: 2017-10-21 02:32:11
Welcome to the ex-alts club. The HODLers club.
@_date: 2017-10-28 12:18:30
OP is probably not a coder, much less a blockchain coder, so is probably trying to work on the second thing you mentioned... Getting people to support it. Nobody can do everything.
@_date: 2017-10-04 18:11:06
I don't think any of the options above are "enforceable"-- they would have to be chosen by enough individuals in the community, who are running nodes, as a reaction to an attack. In a clear attack scenario I believe most actively involved participants would counter with the above moves.
But in the end, I think the threat of 1 or even the nuclear option 2 would be enough to make miners not want to waste their time on an attack that would ultimately be thwarted.
There were many saying that the BCH chain was ripe for an attack because it had a fraction of the hashrate of the original chain. Yet no one bothered to attack it. I don't think the incentives to attack make sense for anyone but a *very determined, very rich bad actor* whose intention is basically to destroy the very idea of Bitcoin. I dislike some of the miners and their power grab, but I don't think they are that evil or stupid or want to shoot themselves in the foot that badly.
@_date: 2017-10-29 18:21:44
[Moved to proper place in thread below]
@_date: 2017-07-19 19:31:12
You have a point, but it doesn't really invalidate my argument about the growth curve. You're talking about a linear factor which may give us a few years of affordability, but it will quickly be eaten up by exponential growth on the blockchain if the *pace* of growth in storage does not match it.
@_date: 2017-07-28 16:55:23
This sentiment is exactly why it probably will survive. I'm being pragmatic, not ideological here.
@_date: 2017-07-26 17:01:36
Two words, and a link:
Paper. Wallet.
(But do your due diligence... don't just trust a link because I posted it here.)
@_date: 2017-07-28 05:53:43
This doesn't even make any sense, "redditor for 1 week"
@_date: 2017-07-19 22:44:17
The fact is, several businesses built their profit model on an expectation of exponential growth in the storage sector. When this failed to materialize, they had to either exit the market or severely change their business plans. All I'm saying is that Craig Wright blithely makes the same assumption about future growth, and so his plans might need to be revised in the future.
For the record, I'm in favor of both SegWit and a modest base block size increase. I just don't think it's a great idea to try to expand the block size to the moon right away.
@_date: 2017-07-19 22:40:44
I don't think you got the point of my last reply. Even for the paper itself, what you are mentioning (the difference between replicated high-reliability data vs. a local single copy) is only a linear constant, and does not affect the overall conclusion or the expectation of exponential growth that has failed to materialize.
@_date: 2017-07-19 19:26:26
I'm for increasing the base block size to 2MB in November. I'm also for SegWit. Although not everyone (Core most prominently) agreed to Segwit2X (in their defense, they weren't really invited), I think enough companies on both sides gave their word and are willing to commit to SegWit up front, that they (and the community) should honor the 2X part. It's the right thing to do because it is an attempt to keep the community together; but it is also my belief that it won't threaten Bitcoin technically. 8X at this time might, but 2X surely shouldn't be a problem.
My biggest hope is that talk of BitcoinCash goes by the wayside, and that Core comes alongside the 2X effort and puts it into the Core client. Not everyone gets what they want this way, but I really believe everyone will be much worse off if a split happens and is sustained for long. What's the worst that could happen if we implement SegWit2X? A few nodes that would probably have fallen off the network in a few more years, would probably have to retire a bit early. So what?
@_date: 2017-07-05 19:41:25
Look at Dash... it has the concept of "masternodes" which provide services other than mining to the network, and receive incentives for doing so.
There are problems with that too, though.
For Bitcoin, the issue is that giving incentives to "full nodes" that aren't miners would require a huge hard fork or change in the protocol. I'm not that clever, but I'm also not a dummy, and I can't think of a way to bring this in without one.
@_date: 2017-07-19 21:26:50
In other news, localbitcoins.com business seems to be drying up...
@_date: 2017-07-28 16:54:00
Coinbase gave an update. If BCC ever becomes significant enough for them to support, they will give their (current) users the BCC that are due to them. They just can't support it right now due to how it is rushed out to the market, and they are warning users so users who want to can take them out first.
Seems like a rational and ethical approach for them.
Just to repeat the PSA everyone is posting these days. Don't leave your coins on an exchange! I did that waaay back in the early days, and lost coins. So I didn't make the same mistake with Mt. Gox. Everyone thought Mt. Gox was like the Fort Knox of Bitcoin (I even thought they picked the name to evoke that comparison... later found out it was named after a stupid card game). Everyone thought Mt. Gox was too big to fail. Not me...
And now everyone else who reads these announcements has received their fair warning. It's up to you! 
@_date: 2017-07-19 21:36:34
Those who are on board for both parts of SegWit2X are probably the main actors using btc1.
Anyone only interested in SegWit (for now) is safe to keep running Core, as it already has SegWit built in.
For the record, I think Core should go along with the 2MB increase, if only to reunite the community and give others less excuse to fork off in November.
@_date: 2017-07-29 05:17:30
What are you eating? I'm in my 40s and eating healthy, exercising. I feel like I'm still young-ish. I want to live well, as long as I can!
@_date: 2017-07-19 19:36:02
I'm no expert, but the main problem I see is that it's prohibitively expensive to become a MasterNode at today's prices. So it's now just the elite who got in early. Similar problem as with mining in Bitcoin. I wanted to mine, but found it was too expensive. Would make more just by HODLing. I looked into running a Dash MasterNode, then found out the investment required... ah, never mind then!
@_date: 2017-07-28 15:08:33
Your argument is much more persuasive because of the big, 4-letter words you're using. Maybe I should wake up and get a clue. And read all the so-called 'information' that I've already read on both sides, and made my own decision. So I could suddenly see the light and somehow make the opposite decision. You've convinced me!
@_date: 2017-07-19 22:13:23
Thank you!
I hope we can see the end of this bitter division. But for that to happen, maybe more people in the middle need to speak up. We've been silent too long and let the extremists on both sides tear each other apart.
@_date: 2017-06-07 14:42:47
Do we have any idea what the real count is?
This is the site that that I've seen cited around here and other places as indicating the level of support for BIP148... but I don't know what to make of the spikes.
@_date: 2017-06-07 21:58:40
Run a node...
@_date: 2017-06-29 21:37:59
Man, I'm sorry. That was some very expensive weed!
Moral of the story: don't smoke weed. It is expensive and while it does mellow you out, it messes with your mind, so that you don't see an opportunity staring at you in the face. Go out and live life instead!
@_date: 2017-06-07 22:22:16
I agree with ignoring the spikes-- they seem artificial.
How is node count not important? Don't we want as many nodes enforcing BIP 148 as possible?
Or are you saying in a roundabout way that it is really hash power that is important?
I dug around some more, and some people are saying it's a sybil attack being prepared, that these are all Amazon nodes being set up to come online and signal for BIP 148 in a kind of astroturf move.
I'm now running a full node and signalling BIP 148 because I believe it's high time to implement SegWit, and remove the ASIC Boost advantage. I'm not against a block size increase per se, though.
But I do still wonder what is going on here.
@_date: 2017-06-08 19:47:38
Read a bit more then... The signatures (witness) data can be stored separately, and after a while, can be pruned from the blockchain by people who don't care anymore. It will give a roughly doubling of transaction processing capability in the same "official" block size of 1MB. It makes running a full node (minus old witness data) feasible for ordinary people like me for longer.
On top of that, it solves several issues that make second-tier payment networks feasible. If they take off, that will further ease congestion on the main chain without requiring a block size increase.
I'm all for a block size increase too, but I'd like to see us make more efficient use of the existing block space first. And that is what Segwit offers.
@_date: 2013-04-23 13:46:55
Why?  What could happen to them by accepting another channel for donations?
@_date: 2017-06-07 21:38:32
Care to elaborate for those of us not getting the clue?
@_date: 2017-06-08 19:43:49
You all are very ignorant of market psychology. When it starts falling precipitously, everyone wants to get out, not get in. The price can *easily* fall below 400, especially if there is a serious chain fork.
All of you saying that you can't wait for it to fall that low so you can buy will probably be too scared to buy. And with good reason. There's a saying in investing, "don't try to catch a falling knife" you'll just get hurt. But... have some patience and wait for things to calm down, and then buy when everyone else has forgotten about it or gotten bored or burned with it.
If I had followed my own advice in the last 3 Bitcoin crashes, I'd be a $$$ millionaire by now. But even I didn't follow the advice. Proving that market sentiment is way more powerful than you think.
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:26:37
Revolutions can and do happen.  It won't be necessarily a clean fight but Bitcoin is the first thing in a long time that has a chance.
The crypto genie is out of the bottle now.  Pandora's box has been opened (from the banks' point of view).
@_date: 2017-06-07 14:46:31
My main regret is not investing more, early in the game. Right now, I'm not really regretting staying put and not buying.
But if this is your first time, maybe go in a little more than you initially wanted to. Buy 2 BTC instead of 1.
And be prepared to HODL through a sustained crash (2 years). Seems like Bitcoin goes through these cycles. Don't panic-sell. Bitcoin has been declared "dead" many times. If you're smart, wait for a lull in the hype and in the market price, and then buy... the problem always is that it's hard to know when that lull will happen, or if another one is imminent, or if it will go up to $5000 first before it crashes. No one knows in advance.
My problem has been that my attention has always seemed to follow the hype. When hype is low and Bitcoin is down and I should be buying, I tend to lose interest and forget about it.
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:22:16
I trade bitcoins on LocalBitcoin, and my profit is usually not much more than it takes to buy the coffee at the Starbucks where I meet with those who are buying bitcoins from me.
Sometimes, because I am not able to replenish my BTC fast enough after a deal is initiated by someone, I actually lose money on the transaction because the price has risen.
If I were in it for the money, I wouldn't do this.  I'm trading locally because I want to make Bitcoin more widespread and help break the near-monopoly that Mt. Gox has.
@_date: 2017-06-29 21:41:46
Another ouch...
Don't gamble, folks. If you must, gamble on Bitcoin itself, don't use Bitcoin to gamble in fixed games that you're bound to lose (on average).
@_date: 2013-11-21 04:13:13
most of the exchanges ask for this kind of intrusive information anymore.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:46:42
Yes, I think I see it: large purchases (500 BTC, 300 BTC) amidst all the panic selling, are scrolling past in the exchanges.
@_date: 2013-04-17 15:16:14
If you use the site to conduct the transaction, you as the Bitcoin buyer are fairly safe.
When you initiate a request to buy bitcoins, you will be given a "transaction verification code" which only you and LocalBitcoins.com know.
Meet in a public place like a coffee shop.  Pay the bitcoin seller, and insist they release the funds to you right away (via laptop or text message).  Most people are honorable, but to be extra sure, I would say you should put the payment on the table where it is in reach of both of you, until the funds are released.
LocalBitcoins shows the verification code to the seller only AFTER the coins are released to you.  They can then read it off to you to confirm the funds are released.  At that point the deal is complete.
@_date: 2013-12-10 15:56:55
How do we know this isn't YOUR address? ;-)  You could have photoshopped your own address into this screen capture!
EDIT: It's a bit safer if you watch the video from Bloomberg at  and scroll to around 2:07.
His QR code is asking to pay 1 BTC-- be careful; by mistake you might send more than you mean to if you think it's asking for $1!
@_date: 2013-12-03 23:15:10
Another killer app for Namecoin is a trusted way to distribute public keys and certificates, not subject to man-in-the-middle attacks.
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:47:08
That's one of the draws of paper wallets, i.e. "cold storage."  You don't need the wallet connected to a computer where it can get hacked, to receive money.  Only to spend it.
As long as you make SURE you keep the paper wallet safe from a) being stolen b) being destroyed or lost, this is probably the safest way to receive and hold money that has ever been invented.  Those are big caveats, however.
You can make backup copies of your paper wallet to mitigate b) but that increases the risk of a).
You can now also add a password to the paper wallets, which mitigates against the risk of a) but increases the risk of b) because you could lose your money if you lose your password.
This problem of securely encrypting secrets while still providing access in case of loss of the secret used to encrypt the secret, is one of the biggest conundrums that has prevented the widespread use of cryptography so far.
I would say it's also one of the few weaknesses/downsides of Bitcoin that make it hard to use for the average person.
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:11:20
One comment: patience, grasshoppers.
@_date: 2013-04-28 02:24:54
Except the chances are infinitesimally smaller.  Imagine that each grain of sand on the planet were itself a planet like Earth.  The chances of hitting the same public address as another person are FAR SMALLER than  the chances of picking a grain of sand from one of those grain-of-sand-planets and having another person pick the same one.
@_date: 2013-04-01 11:28:19
Easywallet.org is by the makers of LocalBitcoins.com.  It is relatively easy to use, but I would not put more than 1-2 BTC in it at current market prices.  
Reason  it's easy to forget the URL to your wallet.
Reason  if you save the URL somewhere on your browser (even the history), I'm afraid it might be too easy for some stray JavaScript to read it out.
Reason  if you forget or lose the URL, or someone else gets it, you lose the money.
All that said, it's convenient for first-timers and for small amounts of spending money.
Lately though I've been using blockchain.info's wallet also.
And of course, I have larger quantities in my own client (Multibit) and on paper addresses from bitaddress.org
@_date: 2017-06-07 03:26:39
I stopped when it became clear that any further $$$ invested would be dwarfed by the gains I already had locked in...
Plus, we still have to live life. I didn't invest my life savings in it, as much as I believe in it. Enough to be happy when it rises in price like it is now.
@_date: 2017-06-30 21:52:53
Go to  and search for the key yourself (in matters like these, it's always best to verify for yourself)... I was able to find luke-jr's public key there, at least.
Edit: here is the gpg command:
gpg --keyserver pgp.mit.edu --search-keys luke
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:48:09
I didn't say it would be a good idea. ;-)
@_date: 2017-06-07 21:46:00
This. I did exactly this in the early days, spending bitcoin to boost the economy and buying more to replace what I spent.
Yeah, it is kind of an indirect way of spending $$$ but the hope was that bitcoin would take off and become its own true currency. I kept hoping I could get a side gig that would pay me directly in bitcoin. But that never really happened.
Can we kind of admit at this point that the main use case for bitcoin is as a store of value, an investment vehicle (or speculation vehicle) and as a mechanism to transfer large sums of money? It never truly took off as the everyday cash kind of thing we hoped for. But it is still good in these other areas.
@_date: 2013-04-05 01:44:03
I look forward to your guides.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:05:56
Humans are pattern-recognition machines.
This is interesting.
However, just because you see/find a pattern doesn't mean it's going to continue that way, nor that the pattern will apply going forward.  Things are not linear.
Two samples does not make a very firm basis on which to predict a third.  Give me twenty samples, and then we'll be getting somewhere.
However, I'm still bullish on Bitcoin long-term, and I will probably pick some more up when the price is stably low.
@_date: 2013-04-10 13:15:58
If the passphrase and/or private key are cached anywhere by the local app, and you later go online with that computer, then you have the (very low IMHO) risk that someone could hack your computer, find the cache, and grab the private key.
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:09:41
It just makes the sell-off faster, and makes it harder for the remaining bulls in the market to hold up the price.
It gets even worse when you consider there are a lot of bitcoins sitting on the sidelines-- and if a lot of them decide to join into the sell-off, nothing slows them down.
I'm still a long-term bull on Bitcoin-- just observing one reason that contributes to the speed of a price crash.
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:16:44
It's getting more stable every time.
The second big crash went from $30 to $2, about 15-1 ratio.
The third big crash went from $250 to $50, about a 5-1 ratio.
So far this crash has gone from $1200 to $500 or $600, about a 2-1 ratio.
So, yes there is volatility, but as the market gets larger, the volatility is (in relative terms) becoming less, well, volatile.
The end game for Bitcoin is for it to take over a large portion of the currency economy, at which point it will be subject to probably no more volatility than the average national currency.
@_date: 2013-03-28 04:11:14
Market capitalization is a fiction, if you are trying to understand it as the total value of the bitcoins in circulation.
Total market cap can fluctuate by large percentage amounts just by the selling or buying of a very small percentage of the total market, if it is all one sided.
Example 1: let's say on a given day only 1% of all bitcoins in existence are available for trade.  If an investor suddenly tries to sell a large amount equal to 0.5% of all bitcoins in existence, the price would plummet because there are not enough buyers to hold it up.  Just because of that, however, the remaining 99% of bitcoin holders would see their "wealth" almost evaporate into nothing, at least in nominal terms.
Example 2: Let's say the government was on a foolhardy mission to shut Bitcoin down by buying all the bitcoins in existence.  Simple, right?  Just have Ben Bernanke print up another $1B and buy them all...  Sorry, no.  As the bitcoins start to get bought up, they would skyrocket in value, and you would have people holding out for a long time to see how high it could go.  In theory, the total market cap of bitcoins could go almost to infinity, or at least many multiples of the total wealth on the planet, if enough people held out against the buy-up.
So, you see, total market cap is a very unreliable measure of a currency's true worth.  If a large portion of the total currency is in active circulation and/or trade, then it is more reliable; if the circulation and/or trade occurs with a very small fraction of the total currency, then the market cap is more fictitious and unreliable.
That's why I want to see bitcoins in everyday use as a means of exchange, purchase, payments, and business, not just a store of value that everyone is all excited to see go up, up, up in value (until the panic sets in and it all comes crashing down).
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:56:30
That doesn't prove anything.
Every troll always says they're not a troll.  So if I say I'm not a troll, does that prove I am?
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:31:15
Print a wallet.
Back it up.
That's the thing with Bitcoin.  You have to grow up and be an adult.  No one is going to take care of you anymore.  No one is going to reimburse you if there is fraud (in this case, someone stealing your keys somehow and spending your bitcoins).  If you send money, you can't initiate a chargeback.
So, learn about backups.
Make sure you know who you are dealing with when you buy something.
Make sure you understand that your PRIVATE key should *never* get into anyone else's hands, without being strongly encrypted, unless you don't care about the amount you keep there.
@_date: 2013-12-10 16:26:36
Here is his address on the blockchain:
So far he's received about 1,838 mBTC
@_date: 2013-04-11 01:57:54
Exactly-- and, you can't really lose if you immediately replenish the BTC you just spent by buying more.  You still get to hold some, and you support the fundamentals that make the ones you hold more valuable.
Not to mention, some of the prices on places like the bitcoinstore.com are cheaper than on dollar-denominated sites!  Yes, it's probably offset by the fees involved in exchanging $ for BTC.  But you really can't lose unless you have really poor timing in replenishing the BTC you spend.
I'm setting up a wish list on bitcoinstore.com and will be purchasing stuff there as soon as I finalize my list.
I have also bought stuff on bitmit.net and other sites.  So my money is where my mouth is.
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:30:43
This kind of arbitrage can make you money, but it's a PITA to monitor the markets, and move the USD back and forth.  Also, it doesn't help when the exchanges are crashing all the time.  Additionally, you have to factor in the risk that any exchange can shut down at any time and take your money with them-- so you can't keep too much liquidity in any one exchange. This probably explains the wide difference in price between exchanges the last few days.
@_date: 2017-06-08 02:54:14
I'm not a tax advisor, but I imagine it would be similar to the rules for buying stock in a single company at different times and prices. The default is "first in first out" meaning that you would consider the gains on the ones you sell, as if they were the first ones you bought.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:06:28
Other crypto currencies will also compete.
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:02:55
Come on, the point is to make it easy to understand for the average person.
The fact that a "Bitcent" is worth more than a US dollar also puts things in a little bit better intuitive perspective for people.
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:13:17
+1 !!!
The only way that the bitcoins you're speculating in will have any long-term value is if people use BTC in large numbers to buy stuff.
If you have a budget of $500 for buying/speculating in Bitcoin, and just so happen to need a new laptop, then buy $1000 worth of bitcoins and go on over to bitcoinstore.com to buy the laptop.  Keep the rest as a speculative investment.
(You do have a budget, right?  You are speculating with only what you can afford to lose, right?)
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:24:53
From 
"While researching Bitcoin, Lemon’s Casares hired two separate teams of hackers to examine the Bitcoin source code for vulnerabilities for about a half-year.
“They are arguably the best in the world. I spent a lot of time and money on the best hackers I could find and came back from that convinced that Bitcoin’s security is robust,” he said. “What they found was very, very compelling for me.”
@_date: 2013-03-28 21:50:28
Buy and hold some if you like.  But definitely USE some.
If you want to see lots of this volatility, buy and hoard only.  Make Bitcoin only a speculative instrument, not a real currency used for real purchases and transactions.
There are more and more places on the Internet to buy stuff with your BTC.  If you hang on to them thinking they will just go up in value and it's a waste to "spend" them, then just spend them anyways and immediately replenish your supply by buying some more.  But spend them!
@_date: 2013-12-17 14:50:59
I'm laughing at people complaining that Bitcoin is in a crash at $700-- just a few months ago it was $100.  Stay in it for the long game, people!  Try to play the market and you will lose.
@_date: 2013-12-17 14:47:38
I'm laughing at people thinking $680 is a crash-- just a few months ago it was $100...
@_date: 2013-04-30 15:31:13
Not hard-core libertarian.  On the spectrum, I consider libertarians the hard right, socialists/communists the hard left.  I'm right of center but not that hard right.
I definitely disagree with the idea of complete anarchy/libertarianism.
However, our government is going way too far in the other direction, so maybe the libertarians have a place, to act as a counter-weight.
I like Bitcoin because of technical reasons, and because of its potential.  Honestly, also because I invested some in it early on.  (An amount I can afford to lose, yes-- not huge.)
I don't expect Bitcoin to usher in an era of limited government or be super-revolutionary in other ways.  I expect it to be one of a growing set of options that we will have that will serve as a counterbalance to the excessive growth of government power and control over everything.
@_date: 2013-04-02 14:38:28
No, prices don't always go up.  They go down, too.  Investing 101.
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:25:18
You're hilarious. It will never get that low-- there are far too many people waiting to buy at "lower" prices that will provide a bottom to the market well above that.  Heck, if it ever gets below $100 I'm buying hand over fist.
@_date: 2013-03-28 21:05:00
it's time to.... PANIC!
No, seriously, just calm down.  Bitcoin will go up, Bitcoin will go down.  Take the long view, and start USING the currency to buy stuff!  Ultimately that will make it worth more than everyone hoarding and speculating.
@_date: 2013-05-14 03:55:14
Seems like a great concept.  I'm interested in techniques for enhanced privacy and anonymity in daily life, not because I want to do illegal things, but as a counterweight to the growing surveillance state (and just because I want private things private).  I'll check out your blog.
@_date: 2013-04-17 15:11:13
Also remember that one person can hold multiple addresses, either intentionally, or by the software (a single "wallet" quite often contains multiple addresses).
I personally have balances in probably over 30 addresses.  Some are paper "wallets" (a misnomer, they are actually paper *addresses*), and some are addresses used by my client.  I create a new address each time I receive a payment, and the money stays there until I spend it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:26:40
As I keep saying, spend bitcoins!
(And hold some.)
@_date: 2013-05-06 01:52:37
Not to mention, the market cap is a fiction even for stocks.  All it is, is the most recent price times the number of available units.  Price-setting always occurs on the margins-- it doesn't mean ALL the units would or could be bought or sold at that price.
Add on top the fact that it is estimated that only 500 million of the units of XRP are actually in the market, and the market cap of XRP is much smaller.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:08:10
Spend bitcoins.  That is the answer.
When enough people spend bitcoins regularly, it will become more stable.
I don't believe it will become deflationary because there will be alternative competing crypto-currencies and regular currencies.
@_date: 2013-04-10 14:00:57
The Internet has rewired our brains to avoid walls of text.
But it's a discipline to be able to make yourself read walls of text.
I like the reformatted version better, but the original was compelling enough in content that I didn't have any problem reading it.
@_date: 2013-12-18 16:23:32
Some people are buying more.
Others are waiting for the "crash" to stop, then they will buy.
It's impossible to fully understand, explain, or predict market behavior, because it's always a combination of the ideas, sentiments, goals, and situations of many different individual investors.  Yes, you can get at general market sentiment but you can't say why any one individual is buying or selling.
The best thing to do is take the long-term perspective and chill out.
I've not sold any-- I've spent a few buying things and that's it, but I was doing that already and will continue to do so.  I have a regular purchase set up at Coinbase ("dollar cost averaging") so I will probably pick some up at these lower prices.
Do I know for 100% sure that it will go back above $1200?  No, but I don't see any fundamental reason why it should not, unless all the governments in the world band together to do their best to ban it.  Even if they do, I still see value in the bitcoins I have-- I can trade directly with them and not ever have to deal with an exchange again.
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:51:15
Just call them 'micros'
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:47:41
I'm not talking about the speed of trading inside the exchange.
It's the speed of getting fiat INTO the exchange that is slow, compared to bitcoin.
Every exchange I use except bitfloor requires an up-front banking verification process, and after that it still takes days to clear any money from the bank to the exchange.
Bitcoins can be sent to your account immediately, and verified in an hour.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:58:02
Paper wallets for cold storage (long-term, not used often).
Multibit for daily spending wallets.
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:48:33
Physically walk in and deposit cash, via LocalTill.  Checks, transfers don't work. You will find it out if you sign up and go through the process.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:45:31
My Bitcoin client, and several websites I've used, have a default of 0.0005 now.  That amounts to about 2-3 cents at current exchange rates.
@_date: 2013-04-30 14:14:17
It's a free world.
No one made you king.  You have no right to mandate that Bitcoin be THE [one and only] cryptocurrency.
If you're that afraid of Litecoins, why don't you just buy some?  Hedge your bets.  Diversify.
@_date: 2013-05-09 04:19:39
I have been to Colombia, and it's one of the most beautiful, resource-rich countries around.  The people are great too, and the country is advancing.  I've had the arepas, and arequipe, etc.  Good stuff.
I could tell you some Bogota jokes, though. ;-)
Glad to see Bitcoin catching on there.  And I hope for legitimate reasons.  Seriously.  Stereotypes or not, there is still a drug, corruption and money laundering issue.  I hope Bitcoin is not used mainly for those purposes in Colombia.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:03:11
That's what they said the last time.
@_date: 2013-04-30 14:17:22
So, let me get this straight.  A community of people who freely choose to associate with each other and work on a project are mobilizing to defend against unfair attacks by an obsessive jerk, and you are outraged that they dare defend themselves?
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:16:50
You are describing the motivations behind the bullishness and the bearishness.  You are probably correct, but I didn't say anything about that.
I'm simply observing that the differing speed with which the two currencies can be moved causes an asymmetrical speed at which they can be exchanged for each other.
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:47:44
Several exchanges have dark pools that would be good for that.
@_date: 2013-04-30 14:15:51
Whatever.  Litecoin is no different in that aspect from Bitcoin.  If Litecoin is a pump and dump get rich quick SCAM then so is Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:47:34
Just remember, though, that even the rich can get burned in a crazy market like this.  Boo hoo for them, though, right?
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:58:37
I don't like to see the price crash so violently, but I am not surprised.
I still believe in the potential of Bitcoin, but the *value* will only stabilize from these hype-induced market fluctuations if people start USING them and not just speculating in them.
@_date: 2013-04-30 14:25:51
Thanks to you, I think I'm going to go over to and show some support.
Frankly, your post is so absurd and extreme I almost think you are a sockpuppet who secretly supports Litecoin.
@_date: 2013-05-10 17:13:09
The market does what it does according to the volume of both sellers and buyers.  If there are very few sellers at very low volume, a medium-sized or even small buy will spike the price.
An extreme example: Let's say a seller has an order on the order books to sell 1 BTC at $115, and let's say the next seller on the order books is selling 10 BTC at $125.  (No intervening sell orders.)
If I then come and buy just 1.1BTC, I consume the entire sell order of 1 BTC at $115.  Then, the remaining 0.1 BTC has to be bought at $125 from the next seller on the books.  This spikes the price $10 (from $115 to $125) even though the order was relatively small.
The opposite can happen: when there are few buyers on the books and a sell comes in, it can drop the price significantly.
In other words, for the price to be stable, there has to be a balance in both selling and buying.
Why the big spike today?  The volume has been very low lately, and someone probably came in with more volume than average.
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:49:35
Either party can cancel a deal at any time up until it is completed.
Log into LocalBitcoins, and under your Dashboard should be listed the active contacts.  Click on the one in question, and you can cancel it from that page.
@_date: 2013-11-21 04:18:43
You have to be aware of what your software is doing.  If it sends the change back to your original paper wallet address, you're good.  But some wallets send the change to a new, different "change" address.
With these wallets, if you load up your private key, send part of the money somewhere, then delete the wallet on the computer for "safety" (to erase the data lying where a hacker could get it), congratulations, you have now deleted your change address and the change that went to it.  Nothing is left on your original paper wallet address.
People have lost money this way-- so be careful with paper wallets.
For this and other reasons, the best practice with paper wallets is to spend the WHOLE amount once you break the seal and/or scan the private key into your computer.  If you have 5BTC on a paper wallet, and want to spend 1, send it to your payee, and send the remaining 4BTC to a *new,* virgin paper wallet.  Leave NOTHING on the original.  It's both more secure, and impervious from the change-address problem described above. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:13:01
Be honorable and actually use localbitcoins.com to complete the transaction.
I'm hearing of not-so-honorable sellers who use the exchange to find buyers, meet up, and then just do the transaction directly and cut LocalBitcoins.com out of it.
How do they expect the site to stick around if they don't support it?!?
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:00:56
I didn't sell.  I actually picked up just a few on the way down.  Of course I wish in hindsight I didn't, but you don't know when things will turn or whether they will keep going.
@_date: 2013-04-09 15:33:47
Yes, Bitcoin is not a stock, it's a technology.  But even stocks are usually backed by something (technology, infrastructure, ideas, assets, etc.)
Neither stocks nor Bitcoins are worth comparing to tulips.
I am bullish on Bitcoin in the long run.  However, in the short- to medium-term, I would not be surprised in the least if it dips back down, perhaps severely, once the hype cycle plays itself out again with a wider audience.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:27:13
why is it a good thing?
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:01:59
Let's just put it this way.  The fundamentals of Bitcoin are still what they are.  The speculation just got a little (a lot) ahead of the game, and then it became a self-perpetuating cycle.
I'm betting on the long-term fundamentals.  The ride up these last few weeks was fun, but it was too fast to continue for sure, and it also proved too fast even to stick near the highs.
*shrug*  So what.  Bitcoin will be worth a lot more in the end, or else worth nothing.  I can afford to lose what I have invested.
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:46:33
You have to assume things will be reported.  If you have a gain, report it next year in your taxes.  If you have a loss, do the same.  But I don't think you have to account for the gain or loss until you actually sell.
By the way, IANAL.  Free advice is worth what you paid for it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 02:09:10
I decided not to use mtgox again, about 2 years ago.
However, other exchanges haven't exactly been stellar.
@_date: 2013-04-09 15:15:14
I agree with the rest that this is a ridiculous dichotomy.  There are an infinite number of possibilities in between the two extremes.
For one, the other cryptocurrencies are already growing and could pull market share away from Bitcoin.  Bitcoin could still get huge-- but taking over the world?  I doubt it.
Two: Bitcoin could hit some snags (legal, technical, etc.) that make it unfit for certain uses, but still good for other uses.  Outcome: it takes over just the part of the world that it is best suited for.
Use some imagination and climb down from the hype mountain a bit.
And yes, I am also in for the ride.  I think Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies in general have a lot more potential, but taking over the world?!?
By the way, always buy some bitcoins, spend some bitcoins, and hold some bitcoins.  By spending some of them, you help expand the Bitcoin economy and thus increase the value of the ones you continue to hold.
@_date: 2013-04-03 05:50:59
PPCoin has a different approach, called proof-of-stake, instead of proof-of-work, which has been discussed for Bitcoin (although it's probably too late to implement in BTC).
Instead of using (and wasting) massive amounts of computing power to secure the network, it uses the stake you have in the currency to govern how likely you are to find a solution to the next block.  If a person were to get 50+% of the entire currency, they could control the transactions; but it would be far more costly (they would have to buy out half of the market) and would be to their own detriment, since the currency would crash and they would likely lose the money they used to buy their stake.
I find this to be intriguing.
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:50:25
Peercoin has an interesting twist: you have to own Peercoin to help confirm blocks.  This means it is less vulnerable to the theoretical 51% attack-- literally, you'd have to own over half the coins, in which case you're probably not interested in crashing the system.
Litecoin is basically Bitcoin with 4x the coins and 4x faster confirmations.  Not much innovation, but it's still the biggest competitor (yet still small compared to Bitcoin itself).
There are others cropping up all the time.  And many dying out just as fast.
@_date: 2013-05-10 21:27:46
I think he means you'd have to go 4 levels deep-- each grain of sand is an earth, on which each grain of sand is an earth, on which each grain of sand is an earth, on which each grain of sand is an earth...
@_date: 2013-05-14 04:02:38
The fork issue won't be much of an issue, I believe.  The people who matter (the ones with the high hashrates) are almost all aware.
@_date: 2013-04-15 18:23:11
Requesting a beta here too.  Thanks!
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:05:58
A good marriage is a partnership.  The man may be the natural leader in many cases, but a good leader is not overbearing, and consults with the people they lead.
Not to mention that money problems cause a large fraction of the divorces.  It's better for a couple to make financial decisions together.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:09:57
The answer is no, and you can check it for yourself if you know what you are doing (many people who do, have).
Personally I have taken a peek but not examined the source code in great deal.  Looks sane and safe from what I can tell.
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:37:40
That could have been many orders.  There was a wall of sell orders at $1000, so it could have taken many separate orders to consume the wall.
@_date: 2013-04-05 22:13:54
Have used CampBX on and off.
They occasionally have problems with Dwolla transfers not being sent over into their system.  They claim it is Dwolla's system that has the problem, and always fix it after you contact them.
I might still use them from time to time, but would prefer to use Coinbase when available.
Unfortunately, I've not had a perfect experience with any exchange.
@_date: 2013-06-30 04:54:19
Open a new account.  I know, you lose the 100% positive feedback, but you could name your new account something like  runderwo2 (assuming your original account was runderwo).
@_date: 2013-04-22 15:17:16
Why is LocalBitcoin useless?  I have successfully done many transactions through LocalBitcoin.
Is it because the rates tend to be higher?  That's the tradeoff you get for the convenience of anonymity and local access.  If the price isn't worth it for you, that's fine-- it's still doing well for those who do want to use that mechanism.
@_date: 2013-05-06 01:40:01
It's different from Bitcoin.  There is no "mining" in Ripple, so your comment shows you have no idea what you are talking about.  Whether it is "crap" is a judgment call.
The OP seems to be uneasy because of making too close of a comparison to Bitcoin.  It's not Bitcoin-- if anything, it could prove complementary.
We'll see.  Let it be, don't knock it.  If you are uneasy, don't do anything with it-- that's your personal choice.
@_date: 2013-05-06 17:46:52
I think the misunderstanding comes from some of the early attempts to explain Bitcoin.  When I was first learning about Bitcoin, I saw a diagram showing a coin, and "locks" on it representing the private keys.  The spending of a coin was portrayed as the person with the key unlocking the lock and allowing another person to put their lock on the coin.
While this is not a horrible misrepresentation at a high level, it gives the misunderstanding that a single Bitcoin is a discrete entity.  For months I understand each coin as being some form of data structure in the network, which contained among other things the signature of the person who owned that unit.  I imagined that splitting a Bitcoin would involve a complex data structure showing several users each owning a fraction of that unitary Bitcoin.  I struggled to understand how this approach could work when coins could be subdivided down to the 8th place.
Of course, all of that is a complete misunderstanding.  Instead, *transactions* sending coins from one address to another are what is signed.  The numbers in each transaction are the coins, and the network ensures no new "coins" are created by refusing to accept any transaction whose inputs and outputs don't match.  Each block also has one exception to this, where it credits 25 "coins" (as a number, a transaction) to the creator of the block-- the only time outputs don't have to match their inputs.  The network and the peers have agreed a priori that this will be accepted-- again, any attempt to change this would be rejected by the network.
@_date: 2013-05-05 01:29:09
It would be pronounced "pepecoin" if you pronounce the P as they do in Spanish.  Pepe is a common nickname.
@_date: 2013-04-02 14:49:19
Newsflash to all the haters: Coinbase is not in this to lose money, but to make money.
If the price were more stable and the market were larger, they could probably afford to continue their previous policy.  But I expect what is really going on behind the scenes is that they are being forced by all the buying to go to another exchange *cough* and buy BTC to cover all the purchases they must be getting.  Or, at least, they may be forced offer a more attractive rate to the BTC sellers who would otherwise be selling on that *other* exchange.
If they purchase the BTC to cover your deal, before they have your money in hand, because of the several day delay, they need capital in USD, which they may not have enough of to cover all the demand.
On the other hand, if they wait to purchase the BTC until they have your money, the price has gone up (at least in the last few weeks) enough that they lose a lot on the deal.
Like it or not, Coinbase can do whatever they want.  You're free to use or not use them.
I've been using Coinbase up until now, but I won't use them as much anymore.  However, I doubt Coinbase sees that as a threat.  The greater threat may have been to continue digging themselves into a deeper and deeper hole doing business the way they had been before.
Again, this is all speculation on my part; I don't know what is really going on at Coinbase, but that is my judgment based on the numbers, the market, and the fact that fiat money takes so long to move through the system.  (This is why we want BTC to succeed, right?  Not just so we can make a buck investing in a rising asset, but also to get a true alternative to the dinosaur that is the current financial system.)
Long term, I prefer that Coinbase stay in business, even if they stay somewhat small, rather than have them go out of business altogether.
In the meantime, try bitfloor, CampBX, or any of the other exchanges that don't have a huge corner on the market.
@_date: 2013-05-01 14:10:22
Sure I do.  And I don't see LTC as a threat to it.
You can't stop it.  It's a free, open-source world.  Anyone can make any project they want.  If it has followers and gains traction, then so be it.  If it's a stupid idea, it will die on its own.
You actually harm cryptocurrencies more by this stupid infighting.  And you show yourself to be a fearful, greedy little jerk.
Have a little confidence in BTC, man!
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:02:45
That would be micros.  They are conveniently 6 decimal positions smaller than a full BTC, and satoshis are 8 decimal positions smaller.
So use microBTC and you'll be able to give the other 2 decimal points as the "change" or "cents."
@_date: 2013-05-08 19:41:01
The network would reject it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:20:52
Exactly, which is why the scheme to put in artificial slowness would have to be a collusion between the exchanges, or else it would fail altogether.  People would simply use the exchange that didn't have the limits.
@_date: 2013-11-26 20:08:12
The scale of typical purchase amounts in uBTC is completely familiar to at least one group of people right now: Koreans.  On Korbit, the Korean BTC exchange, one BTC is roughly equal to 1,000,000 Korean won.  Or, one uBTC = one Korean won.
Don't expect the "uBTC/KRW" parity to last long, though...
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:19:03
I'm just observing that in this case, the phenomenon is even more amplified by the speed with which you can move bitcoins vs. the speed with which you can move fiat.
@_date: 2013-11-21 04:13:44
Antarctica?  Or America 2.0?
@_date: 2013-05-10 21:24:04
Sorry, but there is no "mining" in Ripple.  You're drawing an analogy to the Bitcoin world that doesn't exist.
Yes, XRP is a currency.  You choose to use it or not.  I'm ambivalent-- I'll wait and see what happens with it.
@_date: 2013-04-07 18:08:58
The difference between forgetting your password with Bitcoin vs. the banks is that no one can reset it for you.
@_date: 2013-11-19 01:43:25
What is there to learn?  Markets are unpredictable, even to those who have seen it before.  You cannot possibly know when market sentiment will flip and the crash will commence.
The best thing is to buy over a long period of time when it is relatively quiet, and hold onto your horses when the rocket takes off.
@_date: 2013-12-03 23:11:08
Just last month, started sending Bitcoin, instead of Western Union, to South Korea, now that Korbit (a Korean exchange) is available.
Setting it all up was a pain, but now that it's set up, I can enjoy quite favorable exchange rates and very low fees.
@_date: 2013-04-10 14:03:53
I had a bad experience with Tradehill back when they shut down in early 2012.  Eventually got my money and coins back.
However, the biggest risk is leaving your money there.
I would use bitfloor, just get my money in and my coins out as fast as possible, and in chunks you could afford to lose.  Don't leave them lying around.
Sorry, that doesn't help the day traders or those seeking to do arbitrage... They have to have at least some amount in the exchanges constantly, to be able to make those quick trades.  Just factor in the risk of the exchange shutting down and taking your reserves with it.
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:20:30
Deal in person, face-to-face, in cash.  Irreversible BTC for irreversible cash.  Check to make sure it's not counterfeit, too.