@_author: scomil
@_date: 2016-08-23 17:58:39
On ubuntu (after verifying signatures with sha256sum), is it enough to replace the bitcoin-qt file, or do I need to copy all of the files in the unpacked tar.gz into /usr/bin?
@_date: 2016-08-22 18:13:41
For those who use Core as their main wallet, what is the upgrade process in relation to the HD implementation? How does one safely migrate balances? Does one even need to migrate (backward compatibility being a consideration)?
@_date: 2015-08-24 13:53:45
1) Distributed asset ledgers are the first protocol instance of where the stakeholder to a ledger, and not the ledger operator, has control over the ledger assets (the importance of this cannot be overstated - it is the most crucial aspect of Satoshis discovery). Up until now, technological developments within finance have been limited to digitizing the record of account held with financial institutions. Banks have so far been shielded from disruption as the basic premise, that they are the account operator, has never before been under question.
2) As such, it is the first time that access to "base money", without counterparty risks, is available to everyone - what is not commonly know is that central banks only allow commercial banks to hold accounts in "base money", everyone else is left holding bank issued credit. Any limitation of "base money" availability/accessibility will ensure that we are back to the model whereby we need to trust a third party with custody of our assets.
3) Nearly every clearing model is based upon a net deferred settlement cycle, i.e. settlement does not happen until certain time-periods every day when all obligations to deliver are conducted through Delivery vs Payment (DvP) or Payment vs Payment (PvP). This is normal, and will work the same way even with the internet's "base money". When settlement is conducted, it is crucial that the multiple accounts can have a simultaneous discharge of obligations, i.e. the blocksize needs to be large enough to allow for the net settlement between the multitude of accounts/addresses to be included in one block/transaction which may be significantly larger than 1mb, even if the blockchain purely functions as a large value payments system.
In closing, I would like to raise a few points:
* I understand that there is a strong desire to maintain the blockchain as trustless and distributed, but is the 1mb blocksize, whereby everyone is forced onto "commercial bank ledgers" - a.k.a. federated chains with one, or several, trusted third party, the way to go?
* If we maintain the 1mb limit, will the "commercial banks" or sidechains be able to conduct settlement on a net deferred basis?
* It seems to me a low blocksize will guarantee that bitcoin not only has centralized mining, but will also force people onto centrally controlled sidechains that may or may not be operated by a central account/ledger operator who can decide when you have access to your assets, under what circumstance you have access to your assets and how you will be able to access them.
@_date: 2015-08-24 15:28:47
Small blocks ensure that the main blockchain will be used for large value payments and settlements while sidechains will be used for daily, small value payments. Sidechain participants may, depending on how the sidechain is constructed, be operated by a third party that can exert control over the participants assets - much like Coinbase and Circle do today
@_date: 2015-08-24 15:57:27
"deferring settlement in the setting of a cryptographic assurance that the settlement will occur"
Exactly that! And this is how a cloud based derivatives market most likely will (ought) be created. Now, if we can just figure out the best risk model in dealing with margining and counterparty failures, we have ourselves a stable currency that doesn't need to touch the world of commercial bank money (at least hedging will not have to be done through exiting the ecosystem)... This is the true power of what the developers of sidechains will unleash - I wish them the peace of mind to focus on these real infrastructure issues 
@_date: 2015-08-24 15:20:00
Thank you for taking the time to reply and considering the points raised.
1) Regarding the breakthrough in Satoshis discovery - I would say we are discussing the same point, but from different angles as it would be impossible to create a stakeholder operated ledger system without it being trustless - the alternatives would otherwise be to infer trust into some other party, undermining the stakeholder, or having a system where everyone can do everything, i.e. Calvinball (
2) Regarding the blocksize debate in relation to a net deferred settlement model - it's possible to grow the system for a long time with only a 1mb blocksize provided that the flow per sidechain is netted on a sidechain level and not on the user level - however, this would imply that the sidechain operator has the ability to control the accounts of its users. It should be noted that all derivatives markets are by necessity based on net deferred settlement models as delivery of the underlying is sometime in the future (with variation margin updates at daily intervals).
Alternatively, we are talking about a real time settlement model with bilateral trading between counterparties - in this model it's possible to achieve very fast settlement times, but it is reserved for spot market trades.
@_date: 2015-08-24 16:37:07
Let us hope they can retain their strength and resolve as sidechains is  a major key in making stakeholder operated ledgers succeed.
@_date: 2015-04-29 12:03:48
