@_author: scoreb
@_date: 2017-10-03 16:00:48
Or better yet, keep them in secure cold storage like an Electrum wallet. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 15:58:55
Best option in case of any split is to hold your coins in your own wallet, or at least in a wallet of which you (and only you) hold the private key. Online exchanges are a real gamble in these situations. During the Bitcoin-Cash split for example not all exchanges delivered the BCH coins to their BTC holders.. other exchanges did deliver but have since refused to allow any trading with them, meaning the BCH of these users is still stuck on the exchange and they missed the chance to sell at the $800+ peak. 
Problem with exchanges is: they might 'allocate' a certain amount of BTC to their users, but not actually have it in stock. So when a lot of users withdraw their BTC simultaneously the exchange will need to buy BTC with their other coins in order to then return it to their users. 
This means, if for instance an exchange had allocated 1000BTC to it's users, but only had 950 in stock during the fork, it won't be able to deliver (the correct amount) of BCH to all of its customers.   
Main point = keep it in your own wallet so you are free to trade as soon as any dust from a split settles down. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 16:16:52
Not saying you are at all! Great effort on the vid. Though also having a very clear disclaimer in it might always be a smart move on any crypto video. Comparing the upcoming 2x split with the BCH one is pretty risky since the 2x is a hostile / takeover attempt where BCH was always intended to be a friendly fork. 
@_date: 2017-10-02 19:58:08
Hi guys, question.. isn't this video a bit misleading by not mentioning the fact that SegWit2x might not have replay protection? Or have there been any announcements that maybe it indeed will have replay protection? (Haven't watched the discussion closely lately..) 
However, if it doesn't, the video's statement that the SegWit2x fork might mean extra free Bitcoins if both sides of the fork find enough support isn't really true right? As far as I've understood from earlier discussions we could end up with a situation in which end-users either trying to spend or receive Bitcoins might be unsure on which side of the chain (Core or 2x) their coins might end up on.. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 16:13:18
This is why it is so vital to really dig down into it until you get what is going on.. The info  is giving has been around for many weeks / months. The forks have a long history. If you don't have the time to read it all and want to be safe your best bet is to (1) sell your BTC before the split (and before the expected price-drop that usually precedes it) or (2) hodl it in cold storage and wait until the dust has settled before spending it again. The second has a bit more risk attached to it if there might be a split that would really harm BTC value.. 