@_author: scottdebeard
@_date: 2014-04-22 15:21:14
"It's true that employees were kept in the dark about the liquidity issue Neo faced. This doesn't make Brewster corrupt or crooked. It made sense from his point of view not to cause a panic if alternative funding could have been found. Unfortunately many of the employees gave in to the panic successfully started on forums."
This is a man whose taken money from investors but doesn't really feel a need or obligation to be transparent. Shocks all his staff with revelation that company has no BTC's left and then in next moment proceeds to disappear into the thin air for days. Some great manager he is. Or is he full of shit trying to cover his tracks like any "decent" crook?
One more thing.  Most people if not all were in this for the gain no doubt about it. However,  it's one thing to take a risk and loose and completely different to be robbed in full daylight. Excuses are not enough. We want to see justice being done. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 18:27:54
But they didn't take any deposits because their software didn't work. 
Danny was after the bigger fish perhaps. Despite the obvious weaknesses in his business model he might've been hoping to skip the country with an even bigger booty.
As things turned out he decided to burn his investors and creditors by skipping the country with a sizeable chunk of poor old investor's bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-04-18 20:11:07
Question is why did Danny skip the country rather than stick around to face the music even after he announced abruptly that company didn't have any bit coins .
Instead he attempts to sell the two cars that were in his possession that could be converted easily into to cash and shoots thru. 
If this is not sign of guilt then I don't know what it is.
@_date: 2014-04-22 21:00:15
Juicy, its not how things work in the real world. Yes sure no one  expected Danny to release sensitive info that is proprietary to the business.
But if you take money from investors you have an obligation to report back on your progress. It's also  a basic rule that you must keep books. You let your accountant have access to all the company records especially those connected with its finances.
To suggest that it's not in the best interest of the shareholders to have that basic right of access to financial reporting is just fucking ludicrous. Having financial information to follow how you are doing is also a good business practice don't you think?
Unless of course one is not well meaning and their main motivation is to swindle you. 
All the facts are pointing towards the latter.
@_date: 2014-04-18 15:25:34
Very disturbing information coming to light. One man holding the company's assets close to his chest with no accountability what so ever. This is a senister motive in itself. 
It makes one wonder if his real motivation was to project a flashy image in order to fool investors to entrust him with more of their cash. 
Another Karpelles in the making.
Once things didn't work out , he made a run with what was left. How else can anybody explain his action of waking up one morning and abruptly announcing he miscounted the bitcoin holdings (by what benchmark?).
@_date: 2014-04-18 20:49:28
One more inconsistency in amongst his lies is the purported sale of the bit coins when Silkroad was done in. Selling 9,500 BTC would have raised something like 1mln $. 
How the fuck could he then justify the lavish spending in office space (2 floors) with all the gismo, hiring almost 20 persons, spending over Eur 100K on software development per month, setting up of a flagship street front costing in excess of Eur 400K, spending a shitload of money on advertising, buying expensive cars, buying expensive furnishings for his rental property, paying 37K in duty only days before his disappearance on a Bentley and the paying  a full year's rent in advance of over 40K Euro only about a month before his disappearance. 
Clearly he is lying about the funds he had at his disposal. Otherwise he was a fucking big fool in over stretching in such a manner or that he was setting up a bigger bait for the bigger sting.
@_date: 2014-04-15 19:23:59
Hey Danny
Just like many others here, I am a pissed off deceived investor. After reading your statement I still have these lingering questions: 
1. If your daughter was threatened, why is she still in Cyprus and you are the one that vanished? Leaving her behind? When she is the one supposedly in danger? Come on boy! You can come up with a better one than that!
2. OMG! Why are you making a statement only after you have learned there's an arrest warrant out for you?
3. I was present at one of those Merchant events in Nicosia and I could recall someone asking if you had lost any funds with MtGox. You went on record saying (and it’s video taped!) that none were lost as you'd seen it coming.
"The writing was on the wall” is what you answered then. So, which is it? When was the lie? Then or now? 
4. Regardless of whether you have or have not lost coins at MtGox, according to you, the total loss was only 369.8 of your own personal coins. Am I right so far? And you've got about 1420 coins tied up with Bitfunder. So what happened to the rest of the 10 to 13K BTC raised? Let’s have the financial reports to shed light on the course of events. 
5. At that same Merchant event, (reminder: I was there!) in response to another question, you stated that you have invested 6 million Euros of your own money in the Neo venture (again recorded). If you add that to the bitcoins raised with the IPVO you would have had quite a sizeable war chest (bearing in mind that, in your own words, you have spent only 1.4 million Euros). The question then, is, where are the rest of the funds? We as investors in this venture want proof of the pudding Danny boy! Where are those spreadsheets? Do some simple number crunching! None of your rambling figures and excuses are adding up!
Alas, the real question is not whether you are lying or not, that is now a given! What we need to know now is, how to sort through all of your bullshit in order to find some sort of explanation as to what really went wrong.
Are you lying out of fear of failure? Or, were we duped by a most cunning, ingenious, master conman? From your recent posts, I would like to think that you are too stupid to be the latter!
@_date: 2014-04-21 21:38:45
Good summary. 
So how long is that funeral going to take Danny? You have a lot of explaining to do you know. 
We may have taken you at face value,  but you don't need anyone to tell you that the law has a long arm and is on your scent. You can ran but you can't hide. 
@_date: 2014-04-06 05:55:28
What is take of ex employees? Were  the liquidity problems there  for some time or did they appear on horizon as a bomb shell?
Somebody ought to tell us. The ex staff must know a lot more. Why are they keeping silent?
@_date: 2014-04-04 18:48:57
They were after a bigger booty may be. When it did't go according to plan read here - system all fucked up - Danny did the most  cunning trick in the book. Cut your losses and go on the run with what ever wasn't squandered read here 4,000 BTC
@_date: 2014-04-04 18:35:39
Yeah. It's just like the song says -  not all that gliders is gold
@_date: 2014-04-01 16:28:24
Hey fabrizio89 you on to somethin 
@_date: 2014-04-18 19:54:34
But he kept everyone in the dark. Isn't this suspicious? 
@_date: 2014-04-19 16:05:32
George and Oystein,
Is it true that Neo had no finished product when they launched the store back in late February? Why go ahead regardless? Could this be the  trigger for Danny to skip the country with all the rest of the BTC's?
Did he at any one stage inform you that he didn't have the funds to back up the product offering?
