@_author: scottwilley
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:07:13
Good to hear you have hit your break even.. what was the driving factor to move to alt-coin mining? in your opinion which crypto coin will dominate in the future bitcoin, litecoin, namecoin...
8k is beyond the average man.. another useful piece of information would be the financial bracket and social background of miners.. are cryptos mainly used by financially independent people? if so how will this effect wide scale adoption?
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:25:11
This would coincide with other comments about creating media hype and a bubble.. everybody knows who holds the largest wallet right now.. is anybody watching it to monitor if coins are being sold off?
Following a sell off the crackdown will start.....
Please can others also submit their views in response to jollymonsa
@_date: 2014-02-23 20:11:53
Thank you for your response..
To answer your questions. 1) This is my idea, I missed the boat a couple years back when I was offered a large amount of bitcoins for pennies.. I do not want to repeat this mistake moving forward if bitcoin is truly here to stay and more importantly sustainable.. would also like to compile real world data for other interested parties.. 2) The purpose aims and objectives is to analyse the long term viability, if it is worth while to invest into mining now or if it has become too expensive for the small guy and now only viable to large scale investors. Would like to remove the media hype and look at just the facts. 3) I envisage the study taking between 3 and 6 months.. Live off crypto's - it would be nice to live off them forever, but realistically this would be very difficult in today's market driven economy... cash is king so until more regular vendors adopt crypto it would be impossible.. I am aiming at the same time period.. in my opinion if crypto is to gain momentum and not just be media hype or for nefarious use more people need to attempt the same... this will draw media attention and in turn a higher rate of adoption.. 4)I will invite all contributors to read over my findings, submit comments and reviews, at this point I plan on distributing electronically via forums, mass media, investors, etc 5)I am actually unbiased.. yes a bit disappointed to have missed an opportunity before, but definitely on the fence.. Again once I have compiled my finding I will allow contributors to review and comment... thus ensuring an unbiased final draft. 6)I have no crypto holdings currently nor have had in the past... but yes.. how would you go about auditing?
I hope this covers all your questions.. Bottom line I would like to analyze the long term viability of crypto both for myself, for the economy, and for other miners..
