@_author: scotchfor1
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:50:45
However, some miners offer to clear transactions faster for additional voluntary fees — 
Is this bullshit? Sounds like it to me.
Also, there are 21 million max, not 25.
@_date: 2014-01-27 05:10:01
What BTMs need are a middle man. It would be great timing for a few of these miner-illionres to band up and float your rigs, build cash, retain half million on half a dozen exchanges. This would guarantee no down time/headlines, and become world player.
@_date: 2014-02-15 21:34:49
The loosening of regulation comes at a time when FinCEN is battling two fronts: the widespread adoption of bitcoin (which the treasury opposes) and the continued effort of marijuana legalization.  When they announced the impending changes, this was a clear signal that the Obama administration was trying hard to keep bitcoin and marijuana seperated. Imagine a world where you canbuy a bag from someone with your Android - the Government will not like it one bit.
@_date: 2014-02-07 02:21:23
We can hawk iphone for btc ~  ~ and screenshot to a reddit thread. My iphone 4s is worth $140.00 and I'm getting paid in btc.
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:51:25
Fuck FT and their paywalls.
@_date: 2014-01-25 00:31:47
Finally, someone is thinking like I am. I've watched coinmap grow from 2200 Bitcoin listed businesses to the current 2600 worldwide. Particuarly, I've been watching Colorado since recreational marijuana became legal Januaray 1.
 
As many of you may know, legal marijuana dispenseries are not permitted to bank and therefore must remain a cash business. Such practices are foolhardy - sercurity is a burden in addition to one's own product. But billpay also present complications, and the growing industry in legal pot merchs have been dismayed by this for a decade. In the same breath, I will point out that it is in the Feds interest to keep dispenseries from banking, because much of that cash is scooped up in 'raids' of these legal establishments for 'breaking rules'. These confiscations of cash are the cream of marijuana dispensery raiding. Aside from funding an entire department, these monies find their way into many, many pockets.
So it seems Bitcoin and Marijuana would help each other out greatly; but a few things make Bitcoin and Legal marijuana wary of each other:
1. Silk Road - Boincoin community, as a general rule, run screaming from anything involving drugs - and at this point in the U.S. - marijuana is still just drugs. Until the Feds change the law.
2. The U.S. Government: Marijuana, just coming off a 70 year prohibition, is not racing to start handing out sales reciepts for all this 'legal' pot; even though they stand up and declare the right to sell marijuana legally, they know in the back of their mind that it's not legal in the eyes of the Feds. And  although the cryptocurrency is labeled as anonymous and untraceable, it is not. It could certainly become admissable in a court of law.
But there are substantial rewards for the ones who do decide to implement Bitcoin with Marijuana sales, for both Legal Marijuana and Bitcoin.
1. Patients/recreational users feel discomfort going to purchase; in fact, forcing your clientle to bring cash puts your clients at risk.
2. Including cutting down on cash volume, a dispensery could not only pay suppliers and payroll, but a wallet can preserve a savings from the prying hands of a 'raid'.
Bitcoin could use pins on coinmap, but in addition to that, every transaction is recorded into the block chain, and the longer transaction history bitcoin has, the more it will succeed.
Things to be concerned with when determining whether to accept Bitcoin for marijuana include:
1. Whether of not you can be construed as a money transmitter; FinCEN is on an ass-pounding rampage
2. Laundering laws with the DEA
3. A payment system who is willing to business. Coinbase and Bitpay both have restrictions on controlled substances in TOS agreements. A pot raid and laundering charge could tie up bitcoin in a pay service, much like Mt Gox - U.S. operations.
I, for one would love to see a marraige between Bitcoin + Legal Pot: they compliment each other and stand for the same principals.
As for Bitpay, it would be interesting to see if they allow alcohol purchases or pharmacy prescriptions. There is no difference, especially where the sick are concerned.
@_date: 2014-02-27 22:48:34
Edit. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 20:26:16
It's pretty clear that Mr. Williams understands little of how Bitcoin works. In this piece he brings no new insight; instead he makes insinuations that are inflated hyberbole, whose obvious intentions are to tank the image of Bitcoin.
He starts by blasting Bitcoin use in criminal enterprises while going on about 'reputation'. The fact is every currency in the world is being used for illict purposes on a daily basis.
He laments on the disappearence of Santoshi Nakamoto while comaring him to a messiah, and wonders why he has not stepped forward as the true spokesman. I can think of 5 reasons off the top of my head to remain anonymous - all of which have to do with one's security and preservation. And why is he to think Santoshi would make a good spokesman, anyway? Mr. Williams, like all of us, only has a concept of who Santoshi is. To suggest a trojan buried within the cyptocode is one for the conspiracy books - Williams would do better as a fiction writer.
His biggest mistake is to suggest that Bitcoin is an unregulated business investment. Bitcoin is a currency, not an investment. One can buy low and sell high, but at the end of the day it is used to buy and sell goods through worth. If you think your a savvy investor, have a go. I'm with Andreessen, I will not hold my savings in bitcoin.
"The chance of counterfeiting increases as the profit potential has risen". This is a completly fabricated and unsupported assertion. Bitcoin cannot be counterfeited period. The running ledger proves this.
It is hard to track Bitcoin use in fradulant avtivities, but cash is nearly impossible. Besides, if you work for the New York Times, you should know the capabilities of the NSA - the NSA can trace Bitcoin.
China 'de-bunked' Bitcoin because it poses a threat to Chinese rule, not for any other silly reason. Of course the price of Bitcoin was deflated. 
He spews on about how a handful of countries have also been critical (though most of them support Bitcoin some way) while failing to mention Iceland outright banned it's use within borders.
Finally, Bitcoin enthusiasts do not in fact have control of virtual currencies and many enjoy the prospect of watching governments try.
@_date: 2014-02-13 17:26:02
Could this be a work around for marijuana dispensaries, or do you have ToS like Coinbase? Merchants stand to reap 2 billion this year and all of that would be in cash, making marijuana businesses the most vulnerable industry in the world-and dangerous. 
@_date: 2014-01-30 06:19:50
Regulators want to track bitcoin for illegal uses. The mcguffin in the briefcase only goes to show that a briefcase is as anonymous as a bitcoin wallet.
Though it wasn't used for guns, drugs child porn or terrorism. It stinks like a payoff. Just as bad.
@_date: 2014-03-14 03:05:09
Awesome idea. OP should be sticky.