@_author: scriptdeez
@_date: 2014-01-02 20:26:47
You guys are so far off topic here.. The question was "Can anyone make a case for other Coin other than Bitcoin?" If anyone took the time to just read on ripple.com, or even the above:
Ripple has no block chain download, clients are ready in seconds
Ripple has no mining or direct monetary reward for running a server
Ripple has no currency risk as people can hold whatever fiat they want
And from the website:
"What is Ripple?
Ripple is an Internet protocol for making financial transactions."
You will see that Ripple is just a transfer Protocol, a means of transferring in whatever currency, not a true cryptocurrency. It's like if I was to bring up PayPal as an alternative...
Anyways, Ripple seems like a great idea. It will let you transfer in any currency you choose with little or no fee. I can see how this could be beneficial to some businesses. That's cool. But it's not a cryptocurrency. Sure, there are ripple credits, but only to work as placeholders within the system to exchange with either fiat or crypto, on the Ripple site and nowhere else. 
This discussion should have just stayed with something like Litecoin ;) To add to its mention above, Litecoin and other Scrypt cryptocurrencies (Novacoin, Feathercoin, Bitbar, some others) still limited to GPU mining because of memory requirements in the encryption algorithm. ASIC's not yet on the market for LTC like with BTC and so difficulty is still low enough for average miners to generate coin.
@_date: 2014-01-03 01:52:09
I see your point. In it's own right it can be considered something of a currency, but only so much as Ripple as a business continues running and exchanging out for other currencies. Just buying and trading credits for fiat or cryptos does not make something a legit currency, though, it only makes it a company credit. XRP credits can't be exchanged on any of the other markets because there is no XRP unit outside of the Ripple website and infrastructure. I can't purchase anything from a vendor with XRP if they aren't already a Ripple account member. Is that not so?
That is the difference from something like bitcoin or litecoin is, which is a mined unit that is traded on many different exchanges because of the intentionally disparate and non-centrally managed network design. Trading in BTC is not meant to only happen on "bitcoin.com" as an exchange credit, like with ripple.com. Ripple credits only represent the amount of currency you have loaded into the online account, at Ripple.com. Again, a nifty service, no denying it. 
But a Bitcoin itself represents a cryptographic value containing the all bytes of historical hashes that the public ledger shows to prove you are the rightful owner of that piece of currency. The unit itself represents value, and is not based on just one company's exchange. I can move my wallet anywhere in the world, or send to any bitcoin address manually and without a website interface, because that is how cryptocurrency is designed. When you start talking about credits, and exchanges that only exist within one website for one company, it's not truly currency, only one company's form of credit. 
Can I buy anything online with XRP? Or can I send XRP to someone who does not have a Ripple account? Can I download a Ripple client, without an account, and mine XRP using hardware? Could I even own XRP without first being a Ripple member? That's the point I'm making.
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:38:24
The value is in the utility. Bitcoin a carrier for value. Even the US dollar is not actually backed by any physical manifestation, it's just a way of transferring value (and mostly electronically!). Paper money is technically worthless if it's not marked "legal tender". 
Cryptocurrency could be an accepted alternative to storing and transferring currency for purchases or services, once the volatility dies down that is. Right now, it's just a speculator's haven to try and make quick $$$ on the swings. This is just another dip.
@_date: 2013-12-18 00:23:36
BFL been promising preorders since late 2012 on the same hardware. They don't even have a physical prototype of the Monarch card to show us. The image on their site is just some artists rendering in photoshop of what the card 'will' look like.
All this aside, KNC is the only company on the market who has actually shipped 28nm ASIC miners. They are currently the fastest on the market @ ~660Gh/s:  
KNC also just sold out their $12K Neptune 20nm units that are estimated to produce 3Th/s and are expected to ship Q1 - Q2: 
I would say as far as BFL goes, their track record and estimated timelines show they can't be trusted. Also, even if you got the Monarch at 600Gh/s, there are already loads of KNC 660Gh/s on the network and difficulty is going to start climbing faster than ever now. You'd be better off preordering a Neptune unit and reselling the preorder on Ebay, or mining whatever you can as soon as you get it and then reselling it for at least +40% of the cost. Just look at all the $20k Jupiters for sale on Ebay that originally sold for $5k: 
Or you could focus on Litecoin or some other Scrypt currency and mine with good ol' fashioned GPUs like we used to!