@_author: scriptles
@_date: 2016-06-13 00:57:35
Here is what you need to know about cloud mining. You pay them a "matinance" fee. When bitcoin is low in price you end up paying them a higher fee then they mine. So you pay them, to owe them even more money. This is my experience with CEX.IO for example. I highly do not recommend cloud mining to anyone it's simply a bad idea.
@_date: 2017-01-08 01:10:21
What do you expect, it rose to high numbers people sad $$$ in there eyes they cashed out supply and demand kicks in and theres more supply then demand and the price plummets. I remember on Cex.io once I bought and sold so much that if you bought enough you would jack the price up a lot, then you could slowly trickle them back out and gain a profit. You sell it all at once and someone else doesn't wanna wait for there coins to sell so the undercut your price and then someone else undercuts there price and it just drops and drops and drops.
I am more surprised it didn't go down after black Friday/holidays like every other year.
@_date: 2017-01-08 03:06:04
It actually depends on the exchange. Coinbase does not give you an option to see the current pending sale in bitcoin by others where-as cex.io does. Big money or no big money doesn't change the fact that when you have 10 selling for 5, 15 selling for 10, and 5000 selling for 15 if you buy 15 you jumped the price up to 5000. Now these are numbers pulled out of my ass but the process is the same. And at the time you could see there were massive amounts of selling where you would have so many being sold you couldn't really buy out all the ones under that price and make a profit. It's done in spurts. Actually if big money comes into the picture that means big money is exchanging money, for coin which does the dirty work for you and you then don't have to buy large quantities of bitcoin putting yourself at as much risk or liability. If you are referring to someone dumping a ton of bitcoin well then thats where problems exist like you mention tho you kinda described it ass-backwards a bit.