@_author: scroggalog
@_date: 2013-05-14 10:17:18
I live in China, and Bitcoins are **blowing up** here. The father of one of my students said he recently bought a $10,000 mining machine and has already made his money back plus some (don't know if he is telling the truth though). My fiancee came home the other day saying that all the girls at work were talking about them and trying to figure out how to get some. It is really quite crazy.  She said everyone thinks it is a get rich scheme with some people at the top making millions. 
@_date: 2013-05-14 12:54:08
It's just really had to find things to invest in in China. The return from the banks is garbage (maybe covers inflation) and nothing else is really trusted. It seems to most people like everyone who got rich in the last 15 or 20 years did it through personal connections or starting a business of their own (mostly a combination of the two). But there is nothing for the average family guy. I think a lot of people have had the interest peaked by bitcoins but there s still massive distrust of markets (stock, bonds, commodities etc.) in general. Don't get me wrong all these things exist in China, but most people don't have access to them (as far as I know no 401k like systems， but there are systems set up to help people save for a house purchase).  
As whether they are more easily scammed. Maybe, but only because Americans have been getting scammed by get-rich-overnight stuff for decades on end, while to a lot of people in China (especially the elderly and people who have recently left the village for a big city) have not been exposed to such tactics. They are not inherently more prone to scams as a culture, but there are a lot more easy marks here and therefor (maybe, not too sure) more scamming in general. 
@_date: 2013-05-14 12:59:40
Of the people who know about it (way more than 3 months ago) 80% think it's a scheme and are not getting on board, but are talking about it and trying to understand it a bit more. 10% are sticking their toes in the water (ie getting an address maybe turning 20 or 30 bucks into bitcoins and trying to spend them. The other 10% are crazy for it. I have heard that a bunch of wives have started complaining on Chinese twitter about how their husbands are addicted to bitcoins and lost (or made) a ton of cash in the last year. (100,000's of dollars).