@_author: scrottie
@_date: 2015-12-11 03:55:56
Stuff like this:  
I'm other places, too.  Everyone has their own opinion on how to handle the situation, but I personally don't buy in to the "love it or leave it" dichotomy.  I also don't buy into "quit before I get banned".  If I get banned, so be it.
I'm just not clear on why discussion hasn't moved other places.  People don't seem to be continuing discussions elsewhere.  Why is that?  Is that what you meant to ask?  I see that as unrelated to quitting this sub.
[edit:  corrected the URL; sometimes I forget which paste buffers things are in]
@_date: 2015-12-11 05:27:03
top500.org operates on user submitted data:  
When they do verify data, they "ask the supplier of the information to establish direct contact between the installation site and us to verify the given information".
Edit:  It also makes no sense that he would claim to have an SGI system.  You'd buy from SGI or a similar vendor if you wanted NUMA, which offers no application at all for simulating a bunch of bitcoin nodes or mining.  NUMA gives you the illusion that all of your CPUs, RAM, and disks are part of one giant computer, where threads can run on any CPU and address any memory, etc.  Scientific computing facilities pay a premium for this.  Otherwise, excepting the industrial design and support, modern high performance computing (such as SGI sells) just has high end Intel stuff inside it.  If you were doing things with bitcoind, this is useless.  You only need an Ethernet network.  Other "grid engine" software exists to manage job runs across discrete hardware (vanilla PCs).
Edit edit:  I'm guessing that the Australian tax authorities did not find an operating supercomputer in their raid they conducted trying to figure out if his R&amp;D tax credit claims were a scam.
@_date: 2015-12-11 04:46:57
Advocacy gets results.  Thank you for your work.
@_date: 2015-06-04 13:00:53
My god... no no nono... you test it on staging, including load testing, deployment testing, integration, and so on.  It sounds hard but it's way easier than testing on production.  And then if you try to deploy to production and there are any problems at all, you hit the kill switch and abort, and take it back to testing on staging.  Only PHP kiddies like MtGox develop on production these days.  That's just... barbaric.  This response kind of does the opposite of inspire confidence.  Get your ass over to  and hire some *qualified* IT people.
@_date: 2015-12-01 18:58:10
Shorter NYT article here with less of the gory bits about being regulated to death: 
Bitcoin is mentioned repeatedly, the Internet Archive's Credit Union shared many similar goals to Bitcoin:  providing banking to the unbanked, affordable remittances, non-predatory services to people of low income.
They were working closely with a New Jersey union for migrant farm workers, until blocked by regulators.  We were blocked from giving significant student loans even though they had plenty in reserves and were backed by millionaires.
The whole effort was designed serve the community.  It was a heartfelt attempt to build a better financial institution. Federal regulators blocked them at every turn.  They were blocked from serving Bitcoin companies. They're giving up not because of lack of money but because after five years, their work hasn't been realized. These are the same regulators looking, and mis-identifying, cases where accounts might be pennies off, that give Goldman Sachs a free pass on everything. Besides talking about Bitcoin, there's a message in there about how toxic the US regulators are to the financial system.  It's hard not to imagine that Goldman Sachs is demanding preferential treatment from regulators.
On a personal note, I'm going to miss the one banking institution that treated me well.  If anything makes me want to go bank-free, this does.
@_date: 2015-12-20 19:50:30
Not to ignore or minimize anything you've said here (it's far better for companies to play nicely with good guy security people), but please don't store large amounts of coins in anyone else's wallet but your own.  That companies have security problems, are heavily targetted, and have policies that favor regulators and security over individuals should surprise no one at this point.
So, again:  Everyone:  Do not store large amounts of coin in any company's system, or in fact on any system connected to the 'net.
@_date: 2015-12-12 01:21:02
Odd jobs for bits:  
@_date: 2014-12-07 05:14:30
Somewhere in the stack, you have a race condition.
@_date: 2014-04-04 05:41:49
"This is a long not a short road and sometimes with detours.  Until we have further clarity, we are unable to service some of our corporate members."
[edit:] "On a positive note, we are finding all involved are interested in a stable environment for bitcoin and other innovative technologies."
Various news articles link to that.  It sounds like the problem only affects corporate accounts, like if you wanted to run exchange.
@_date: 2014-03-03 08:55:42
You don't dust off your cold wallet without first figuring out how all of the money leaked out of your hot wallet.
@_date: 2014-03-30 17:16:26
"Rather than" is a false dichotomy.  You don't have to pick only one.  Do both.
The US Dollar has institutionalized laundering built in to it.  Our goods are made by child labor in Bangladesh, China, Sri Lanka, and other places all over the globe.  Other products are made by outright slave labor, such as Fiji Water.  Chiquita Bananas runs a bloody slave labor regime.  Shell is running a genocide on indigenous tribes who were already being killed by environmental destruction by their oil fields in Nigeria.
With the US Dollar, we're repeatedly told not to worry about the intricacies of global supply and demand and just trust the brand name (Apple, Shell, Chiquita, Fiji, etc).  With Bitcoin, you are responsible for due diligence in where you send money.  It's up to you to make sure it isn't a scam.  In the same way, since there's no Visa or MasterCard vetting merchants for you (not that they care one whit about child labor), you have to do that yourself.
Long before BitCoin, I've had the philosophy of "don't give money to people you don't like".  That can drive powerful social change.  Go to the farmer's market instead of Walmart.  Unless you're in a huge city, it's cheaper anyway, and you'll save a ton of money on health care.  Instead of spending a shitton of cash on gas, move into a smaller place near downtown, transit, or where you work.  You'll make friends with your neighbors and get your fat ass some exercise if you do those 1-2 mile away errands by bicycle.  Buy well made goods that last a long time from skilled work forces in Japan, Germany, and other places rather than disposable stuff from China.  You'll be happier with your purchase in the long run.  When buying Chinese stuff, buy direct or semi-direct, eg from eBay sellers in China or dealextreme.com.
@_date: 2014-04-08 07:08:33
@_date: 2014-04-04 05:12:35
Open an account here:  
They're explicitly pro-BitCoin.
It's apparently a department within The Internet Archive, so while I've been mailing proof of address in and such, the people I'm corresponding with have  email addresses.
Everyone is super cool so far.  I'm looking forward to how it goes so I can report back more, but it's apparently full service banking.  Credit Unions have a "shared branching" system so that you can use *most* credit unions as if it were your own.
@_date: 2014-03-03 08:53:55
It's pretty ridiculous.  Drawing from posts in this subreddit, I find this explanation pretty plausible:  mtgox got slammed by a theft of the contents of the hot wallet two years ago and trying to rebuild from profits/commissions, but too many bad things happened for that to be possible:  US funds seized, lots of people cashing out when BTC went north of $1000, a mini-collapse when China banned BTC and China withdraw en masse, lost a $75 million dollar lawsuit, most of their customers moving their BTC out to newer exchanges.  When they started to slow down withdrawls to delay going broke, that just caused BTC to drop more.  I think it's likely (and we're all just speculating here) that mtgox did know what their assets were, knew they didn't balance, and didn't want to talk about it.
@_date: 2014-04-04 06:39:37
Hells yeah.
@_date: 2014-05-29 08:30:15
Considering the co-founder and largest share holder violated the terms of his probation related to a lottery scam he ran and got yanked before a judge who tore him a new asshole about BFL stuff, I'm guessing so:  
@_date: 2014-03-03 08:44:31
True, kinda.  Banks are supposed to be in the black on the balance sheet, but most of their assets are mortgages, loans, liens, futures, and things like that.  Basically, people owe the bank money, so the bank can claim this expected repayment on their balance sheet.  How much money a bank has versus how much they're owned in loans is said to be their "leverage".  mtgox isn't overleveraged; they have no leverage.  They're just plain in the red.  Happy cake day, btw!
@_date: 2014-01-04 16:50:25
I don't usually work places where my employee wants to approve each device I plug in to an electrical outlet, though if I plugged in an electric ceramics kiln in my cubicle, that might actually create some discussion.  Places I work generally take a ignore it, then discuss it, then make a polite request policy as opposed to freak out and fire approach.  Your millage may vary.
Edit:  Whether they're getting 7 cents a day is also a question.  The power draw of the BlockErupter devices isn't much, so if you're going to take advantage of electricity you aren't paying for, you're probably going to use a much bigger rig.  I'd love to see good data on capabilities, cost, power draw, and purchase dates of people's rigs.  I'd also be interested to hear about hardware turn over... how long someone runs a rig before giving up or upgrading.
I think for a lot of people, mining is just a way to play with the technology.
@_date: 2014-03-20 22:40:45
Hey, that's cool!  So what wallet address did you put that $1 in?
@_date: 2014-02-21 22:37:12
Use a Credit Union.  Sooo many reasons...
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:05:37
It's for tax reasons.  If you hold even one day, it's an investment.  If you cash them out immediately, it's just payment.  Businesses who want to accept BTC don't necessarily want to invest in BTC, and if they do, they're probably not going to conflate the two.  Source:  I'm on the board of a non-profit that accepts BTC.
@_date: 2014-01-04 00:13:25
Expected payout of the BlockErupter like that (336MH/s) is 7 cents a day, in USD.  Also, those are on eBay for $35 right now, so that price is too high.  There's a similar model (same company?) in 1.6GH/s and 2.0Gh/s for around $90.  Another commenter remarked that bitmining is hard on the computer.  With ASIC hardware miners like this, that isn't the case.  If you have a computer you're already leaving on, then it just takes a little more power, but the current value of the bitcoins you get will be less than the value of the power even for the USB stick.  Here's a profitability calculator:  
@_date: 2014-12-11 22:11:19
Idunno, but you just described a race condition back to me, as far as my compsci training has taught me =)
@_date: 2014-10-03 20:09:04
Operating system?  Wallet?  Password/wallet encryption used?
@_date: 2016-01-03 20:03:28
    grep -e '^...$' /usr/share/dict/words   | wc -l
    1352
    print 26*26*26;
    17576
A random set of three letters has about an 8% chance of spelling a word.  Given enough random letters (thousands of wallets), eventually something interesting or offensive or bizarre will be spelled out.
@_date: 2016-01-13 22:17:29
No, but one person doesn't have to have all skills at a high level.  Some people can focus on security while other focus on internal performance while others think about networking stuff.  Everyone needs some level of all of those skills those.  Those resources are a baseline for what everyone should, but that list probably has some large omissions in it.
@_date: 2016-01-18 19:59:25
Agreed.  That's annoying.  I understand the motivation and I'd still like to turn it off.  As far as I know, it requires command line commands to bitcoind.
@_date: 2016-01-20 22:40:55
SegWitness is great, but that's a one-time addition of about 50% capacity.  That adds up a lot over time, in reduced storage and bandwidth.
I think we should be thinking about how to avoid the "640k ought to be enough for anyone" (Bill Gates, 80's) situation.  Even if 1 meg were fine for now and occasional 8 or 24 our backlogs were okay, is there a point where people would agree to raise this?  What would that be?  At what fee level, or degree of backlog, is the point where this should be raised?  How cheap does network and CPU and storage have to be?
I think saying "never" to those does too little to serve the payments community.  I don't see SegWit as an argument for not growing along with Moore's Law.  I guess I just don't feel that the block size is sacred, or difficult to phase in (update software to accept larger blocks then a year later, start generating them).  Refusing to add capacity when computers double or quadruple in capacity seems intentionally defeatist.
@_date: 2016-01-14 21:16:50
Anyway, I saw this today and it made me think of you.  This is a great example of an exploit:  
Stuff is a bit indirect (most exploits aren't obvious because the obvious stuff gets fixed first), but an index (integer that gets added to a pointer to address somewhere in the buffer that that pointer points to) gets modified.  C isn't smart enough to check that pointer accesses with subscripts (offsets) stay in bounds.  You have to do that manually.  In this case, Microsoft's code had a flow that let people define class with a method that returns a malicious value.
Edit:  Removed questions about what's going on with upvotes/downvotes.  I'm confused but it doesn't matter.
@_date: 2016-01-20 11:41:49
The core devs are quickly labelling serious proposals by members of their own ranks as being "trolls", and wondering if everything else is a troll, and this Bitcoin Classic guy is being cool with everything and everyone.
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:25:31
Is vulnerabilities the right word here?  I understand that there are problems, but if the Chinese miners signed off on 8 meg blocks making it through the Chinese firewall, I think it's safe to assume that they wouldn't be in opposition to 2.  We do need to transition to fees from coinbases, but more transactions seems like a better way to increase money from fees rather than increasing fees to get a slot for your transaction.
Two seems like quite a compromise.  Couldn't Core declare that they won in fending off 20 and 8 meg increases and reluctantly accept a blockchain with 2 meg blocks?
Bitcoin is 7 years old now.  If it had scaled with Moore's law (as storage, memory, and processing power have), we'd have 7*12/18 = 4.6 meg blocks.  The Chinese firewall may be lagging behind, but we could decide to hold back increases for that.  There's also an angle, where we just decide that sorry, Chinese miners have a connectivity disadvantage, and miners operating in other places have some incentive to compete.  Obviously we wouldn't want to completely ruin things for the Chinese miners or ruin relations, but if they were slightly disadvantaged as block sizes grew, maybe that's not the end of the world.
Echoing what a lot of people are saying here:  The adult thing would be for people interested in running alternative software and Core to work openly and collaboratively with each other to try to maintain *one* blockchain.  Whether it's XT or Classic, a lot of people obviously have strong feelings about things.
@_date: 2016-01-03 22:24:10
A lot of you are new, but I was here through the mass deletions and bannings.  People can talk about the one right thing to do with Bitcoin, but that doesn't change that thousands of people wanted to talk about the Bitcoin philosophy, protocol, model... how miners influence things, how consensus is formed, what the economic implications of options are... and thousands of conversations just got deleted and people removed.  That's ideas that can't be shared, refined, advanced.  Whatever your ideas are, that just sucks.  That's the opposite of a forum.
Edit:  This will probably be my last post.  People routinely get banned for talking about other people getting banned.
@_date: 2016-01-20 19:32:40
Supposed to be decentralized.  We don't want a Gox'ing on a global scale.  No small group of people should control everything.  I'm not stating this as my position necessary, just repeating the argument as I understand it.  The fact that mining is extremely centralized, and that XT nodes (which wouldn't fork unless/until there was 75% support) were successfully DoS'd off the net makes a lot of people very uncomfortable.  There had also been general support for larger blocks among the Core devs and most people seem to favor some increase there (and Satoshi himself said s/he was a temporary limit that was expected to grow), and most people seem to being opposed to completely breaking 0-conf even though they're aware of the potential for double-spend attacks, so Core taking other directions on that adds to the feeling that Core has hijacked Bitcoin.  Hope that helps.
@_date: 2016-01-13 20:15:32
That's a tall order there.
Programming in C/C++ for security (crypto, correct memory handling, etc) involves avoiding a *lot* of pitfalls.  Experienced programmers who have been working in C for decades routinely make them.  Even if you were working on BitcoinJ (which might be a good idea -- they can probably use help keeping up now), there's still a lot to know.
There's no substitute for experience.  Working with smart programmers, you learn things from them in response to what you've done in code and what you're trying to do... but reading a ton of books won't hurt.  
Here's something that attempts to teach secure programming in C and C++:    [disclosure:  I'm a tech editor on it]
That also has introductions to using crypto (secure hashes, signing, public keys, key exchange, etc) from C.
Read anything by DJ Bernstein:    He's one of the few people consistently writing secure C code, and he has written some great pieces about it.
Find some good intrusion books that show you how to write buffer overflows.  Even if you don't get really good at it, understanding the theory will eliminate a blindspot.  A lot of corporate code is terrible (Cisco, Adobe, etc) because progarmmers are super focused on production -- cranking out code -- and never step back and gain this wider perspective.  Their products are all sitting ducks and they're completely oblivious to it because they have no concept of how this works.  They expect every string copy to work flawlessly with no implications or gotchas because they don't know about these gotchas.  Similarly, DEFCON talks are online now days.  The original stack smashing (related to buffer overflows) was published by 2600 magazine, ages ago, and titled _Smashing the Stack for Fun and Profit_, I believe.  It's still relevant and still a good introduction.
_Hardening Linux_ from APress is another fantastic book that'll give you loads of insight into practical security considerations on a Linux machine.
Unix (and Linux) were revolutionary, but it's easy to take the ideas and innovations for granted and forget about them.  New programmers tend to assume that just because they're writing code for Unix on a Unix system, their code will magically suck less than IBM mainframe code, Windows code, etc.  This fallacy leads to a lot of crappy code.  From the smallest one-liner to the largest system, your code will benefit immensely from actually understanding the Unix philosophy.  So read _The Design of the UNIX Operating System_.
To become a skilled programmer capable of solving problems, you absolutely must study algorithms.  There's a Damn Cool Algorithms tumblr or something somewhere.  There are also large books.  IMO, 70% of the battle is understanding the concepts (data representation comes first, trade offs, etc) so you don't need to study every popular searching and sorting algorithm -- just read about a bunch of cool algorithms and consult the table of contents of _Introduction to Algorithms_ by Cormen et al.  If the for loop over a set of data is your primary means of solving problems, you're doing it wrong.  Trying to process twice as much data will take to-the-power-of-2 times as much time.  There are better ways.  Often solving new problems involves finding them.  Bitcoin is very much about efficient representation of data and operation on data.
_Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs_ will teach you to solve hard problems.
Edit:  Obviously, you can't do this all at once.  It takes ten years to get really good at any highly specialized skill.  Plan on reading these things over the course of the next five years.
@_date: 2016-01-18 20:39:22
I don't think he ever did or does now care about his popularity.  My theory about why he would back off would be more to do with people feeling pushed out of the Bitcoin Core community because they're pushed out of discussion about how things work, what the trade offs are, what the politics and conflicts of interest are, etc.  It's very difficult to discuss Bitcoin Core's future, design, and technology without referencing other proposals and ideas and discussing vision and priority.
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:45:48
Harder is faster now than in 2007, and getting faster all of the time.  If processing time is the limitation, shouldn't capacity be added following Moore's Law?  1 meg blocks were big in 2007, but today's hardware, networks, etc are six times as powerful as then.
@_date: 2016-01-06 22:13:40
@_date: 2015-08-18 15:42:00
Thank you for the correction!  And Jed's history.
@_date: 2015-08-16 03:09:43
claims to be "the uncensored alternative to Anyone have any experience with it?  I just joined there... just like I'll probably be taking my existing Bitcoins and spending them on blocks that are up to 8 megs large.
@_date: 2015-08-20 10:04:36
Not exactly.  If you're on a fork that has no hashing powering ("even if 100% of [miners] move") then there are no new blocks and no transaction confirmations.  If there is very little hashing power, it's also an extremely vulnerable network.
Not "everyone" has to upgrade; home users using wallet apps don't.  Changes to the servers run behind the scenes is transparent to them.  Not all full nodes need to upgrade, only enough to maintain performance.
It's entirely possible that a stubborn 25% could continue to refuse to accept larger blocks, but given that wallet makers and miners are motivated by money, not ideals, I consider it unlikely that they would engage in this sort of cut off the nose to spite the face behavior.
Do you really think organizations motivated by money (which are the only ones with a real say) are mortally, idealistically opposed to 8 meg blocks to the degree that they would willingly stay behind once the critical 75% threshold was impending?  Remember that Bitcoin has had a number of changes already that required upgrades (or being left behind).  This has not been a problem in the past.  Well, not a huge one.
It seems like the real issue here is the consensus process.  Gavin is approaching the miners directly and getting them to run XT, which they are.  This is effectively bypassing the Foundation and other core developers.  It seems like maybe some of the community feels like this is underhanded.  I can understand and appreciate that.  But mischaracterizing the situation (not accusing you of that but there is a lot of that going around) is not a constructive resolution to that.
I guess some good that's coming from this is that a lot of people are learning more about how all of this stuff works, including myself.  Discussion has forced me to read a number of BIPs =)
@_date: 2015-08-20 09:12:27
Nope, didn't realize that.  Thanks for the correction.  I do tend to accept Gavin's complaint that discussion has been dragging on for a while, I'm still suspicious of corporate influence.  Again, standards bodies usually have a one company, one vote type of representation when dealing with technologies of common interest.  I'd rather see (the usual case of) protection against conflict of interest rather than dismissals against it.
@_date: 2015-08-20 07:12:28
Generally, large companies on standards bodies (be it for C++, GL, or any other technology) get one vote and cannot buy more or hire more.  Boards of directors have to disclose conflicts of interests.  This is really basic stuff.  Dismissive hand-waving on how decisions get made is very nearly as serious as being secretive about the code itself.  Unacceptable.
@_date: 2015-08-20 09:24:35


I'm aware of that.
Miners exclusively have control over hard forks.  If you're not contributing hashing power, you're not generating blocks built off of any chain.  Only miners can fork things.
You can create your own hard fork if you want to.  All you need is one server, a modified copy of Bitcoin core, and an Antminer or the like.  It'll be a very small hard fork of just you (unless you add more nodes or convince people to join you), but your node can sit there and reject other blocks from other servers and madly hash, eventually squeezing out new blocks that everyone else rejects.  But you can't do that *without* hash power =)
@_date: 2015-08-20 06:37:28
Hey now, be nice.  Forking code is part of the open source model.  github has a single button you click, for a reason.  When you fork something, you're not installing yourself as a dictator; you're just working on a divergent copy of the code.  Projects un-fork.  Patches move between them.  More commiters get added.  Anyone can hack on their own copy of an open source project, and this is a Good Thing.
@_date: 2015-08-01 23:30:22
There were reports of miners depositing recently mined coins with zero confirmations (because recently mined coins can't be spent until something 20 confirmations in), converting to fiat, converting back to BTC, withdrawing the BTC.  Mt. Gox was unable to tell the difference between recently mined coins used in 0 conf deposits and mature coins used in 0 conf deposits.  Repeating one theory I read that was technically plausible.
@_date: 2015-08-20 06:43:37
Wait, who is being malicious?
I doubt any of the core devs are operating completely in bad faith, but if  is correct, and people in the employ of Blockstream, a company that apparently wants to do sidechain stuff, have been dragging their feet for years on making plans to raise the limit (with miners being more interested in them in doing it), *that* suggests a strong conflict of interest.
Galvin's "transaction blocking" looks like de-proiritizing open relays *when* the bitcoin daemon is apparently under attack.  That doesn't seem malicious at all to me.
From what I've seen of corporate interests getting involved in processes, I'm far more likely to trust the few independent developers over the ones in corporate employ.  This debate prompted me to write and post a history of corporate exploitation, schism, and eventual ruin of the Gnutella P2P protocol, in Selfish motives can be extremely destructive to shared spaces.
@_date: 2015-08-17 06:02:55
So, we should be running testnet nodes and testing our infrastructure.
@_date: 2015-08-20 07:00:10
If core developers can't operate free of bias and professionally, without personal attacks, conflicts of interests, brigaiding, and attempting to control conversations, then there are going to be a lot more forks.  BitPay, Coinbase, and other interested parties are going to come together, hire new developers, fork the code, and actually collaborate in shared interest.  "King of the Hill" games in open source software cause forks.  Oracle attempting to push their own agenda on MySQL resulted in MariaDB forking, and LibreOffice forking from OpenOffice.  In open source software, the only thing you really control is the name, and after a certain amount of B.S., that's expendable.
@_date: 2015-08-16 18:50:57
My only request is that people posting excellent essays like this one please cross post them to and/or Thank you for this.
@_date: 2015-08-20 07:24:15
He's not making claims; he's asking questions, and I'd like to hear them addressed, not dismissed.
@_date: 2015-08-20 07:17:10
Would whoever downvoted this please explain why this paper does not add to the conversation?  The abstract is extremely on topic and this sounds promising for informing discussion.
@_date: 2015-08-20 06:47:19
Thank you!  All of this "the Bitcoin core commiters haven't reached a consensus, years later" stuff reminds me "CEO of Bitcoin".  If Bitcoin core can't figure it out, there is absolutely nothing stopping people from modifying the code themselves, and sharing those modifications.
Heck, Gnutella had at least a dozen implementations, a pluggable "core" that people could add to projects to add Gnutella protocol support, forks of projects, etc.
The debate, as for Gnutella, is really about standards, not about who owns the code that people allegedly (but don't actually) have to run.  That some people have turned this into a game of "king of the mountain" with code ignores how Open Source actually works, and how Bitcoin actually works.
@_date: 2015-08-20 07:22:06
I'd reading that most miners support increases in block size.  They know that things have to grow.  The value of BTC going up has more of an impact on them than the chance of orphans -- paraphrasing one post in here reportedly by a miner.
I think we need minutes from the scaling bitcoin summit.  At this point, it's speculation.
@_date: 2015-08-18 03:25:15
The hard fork won't happen until a majority of hashing power is on XT (was it 75%?  95?  I don't remember).  When that happens, miners that are still trying to mine 1 meg blocks will ignore the larger blocks and try to keep building off of the last consecutive 1 meg block.  Since more hashing power is generating 8 meg blocks, that chain will grow longer faster, so servers that accept 8 meg blocks will take that chain to be the winning chain and build on it and use it, ignoring the other.  Two different chains.
But this will sort itself out fairly quickly when it happens:  transactions will generally appear in both chains, unless the 1 meg blocks get over filled, since the network identifier and ports are the same and transactions are broadcast to both.  Also, the miners (who don't like not making money) will quickly figure out that they're not making money, and they'll upgrade.
As far as miners losing money because 8 meg blocks take more time to verify before they can start building on to them safely, that's a reason miners will be reluctant to accept 8 meg blocks initially, but once the 8 meg chain looks like it's winning, this will become extremely moot and they'll switch.
Source:  I'm the Bitcoin Assistant Vice Manager to Receiving.
@_date: 2015-08-11 06:59:39
Correct or not, you deciding that BitcoinXT is an alt-coin is *unintuitive*.  People keep running afoul of this decision of yours.  Regardless of whether your decision is reasonable, your decision can be *handled* in a reasonable way, and that's what OP is proposing:  state the position of the sub clearly in the sub so that people don't keep tripping over your unintuitive decision.
@_date: 2015-08-20 10:21:05
Yeah.  There's a breakdown in governance now.
* Gavin is approaching miners directly, bypassing the Bitcoin core developers, apparently being tired of inaction.
* The Bitcoin Foundation is apparently on the rocks.
* There was a summit but I can't find minutes from it.  I guess I should read some other articles.
* Any sort of standards body is missing; normally, with something like GL or C++, a standards body (ISO, IETF, IEEE, etc) manages consensus, and conflicts of interest and access to votes are handled through a charter.
* Letting developers handle things with community input is normally a fine approach, but as you've pointed out, Bitcoin strongly benefits from consensus from interested parties.
I still don't know exactly why the motives behind the all of the FUD are.  It's hard to figure out how to accommodate people when you don't even know what they're trying to do.
@_date: 2015-08-19 19:37:15
Corporate conflicts of interest are a serious problem and require vigilance. Look at the Oracle assimilation of MySQL as an example. My long post the other day about corporate influence doing serious damage to the Gnutella P2P network is another example of what OP is asking about: corporations interested in making things better for themselves even if it means making it worse for other people. Bjarne Stroustrup, the creator of C++, recently gave a talk that in part talked about fragmentation of the community by corporations that wanted to fragment things and then own the biggest piece, going so far as to attempt to inflict damage on each other while benefiting themselves:  Let's also not forgot that Microsoft was not tried for anti-trust twice, but lost twice. Among the many smoking guns were code coments saying "heh, this aught to take care of Novel" where they intentionally trounced the master boot record if you if detected you were trying to set up dual boot. Governing bodies of organizations of all sizes generally require disclosure of conflict of interest -- because it is a huge problem.
Thank you OP, for this.
(Repeating a comment I made under a comment as a top level comment because I think this perspective is needed.)
@_date: 2015-08-20 07:14:43
Home network providers often punish you for moving too many packets.  You might consider popping for a cheap VPN instead.  I've seen them starting at around $6/month when you buy a year, and there are VPN companies that will take Bitcoin.  Good on you for running a node.
@_date: 2015-08-20 09:37:20
That much is true of any fork -- if you're not on it, you're not calling the shots.
@_date: 2015-08-18 04:41:40
Right.  It's designed so that they don't start generating 8 meg blocks until 75% of hashing power is ready for it:
  "The blocksize increase activates, at fixed dates, if a super-majority of 75% of miners have opted for the new block size by indicating their preference in their submitted blocks. Without 75% miner consensus no block size increase activates."
The main thing that makes Bitcoin core official is that it has a majority of the hashing power.  Asking miners to run something else with an eventual hope of it taking more than 51% of the hashing power is a very polite coup.  I guess there have been some arguments that the XT 8 meg block size logic should wait to engage until 95% or some other higher percentage of miners are on board but there's concern that a few interested hold-outs would keep things back forever if so, and at a certain point, you have to force people's hand.
@_date: 2015-08-20 11:07:11
If your concern is that it is untested, then test it!  If the miners are all going to adopt it, then fire it up on testnet and pound on it.
@_date: 2015-08-19 19:34:53
Corporate conflicts of interest are a serious problem and require vigilance.  Look at the Oracle assimilation of MySQL as an example.  My long post the other day about corporate influence doing serious damage to the Gnutella P2P network is another example of what OP is asking about:  corporations interested in making things better for themselves even if it means making it worse for other people.  Bjarne Stroustrup, the creator of C++, recently gave a talk that in part talked about fragmentation of the community by corporations that wanted to fragment things and then own the biggest piece, going so far as to attempt to inflict damage on each other while benefiting themselves:    Let's also not forgot that Microsoft was not tried for anti-trust twice, but lost twice.  Among the many smoking guns were code coments saying "heh, this aught to take care of Novel" where they intentionally trounced the master boot record if you if detected you were trying to set up dual boot.  Governing bodies of organizations of all sizes generally require disclosure of conflict of interest -- because it is a huge problem.
Thank you OP, for this.
@_date: 2015-08-19 02:41:53
Ahh, thanks for the correction.
@_date: 2015-08-20 10:42:43
Does it have to be what Gavin is doing vs no block size increase?
Lots of people are wondering right now why apparently no block size increase can be negotiated which is apparently what Gavin got tired of before he decided to act unilaterally.
@_date: 2015-08-20 06:53:28
"Blacklists" deprioritize anonymous proxies when the server is apparently under DoS attack.  This seems reasonable to me.  But I'm also all for consensus being developed on how things work.
I think it's important to remember that Open Source projects can and often do fork.  It's one of the Free Software freedoms.  If there's underhanded dealing (Blockstream hiring up developers and then telling them to do sidechains instead of adding capacity...  then the community as a whole may choose to use a less corporate controlled fork.  I don't know what the actual situation is, but we do not technically have to play "king of the hill" games with one official codebase in Free Software.
@_date: 2015-08-20 09:32:12
Should be listed under additional changes:  Agreed.
Source should not contain a list of IPs:  I dislike the idea of it downloading them dynamically even more.  Hard-coding them gives some control.  IMO, the list should be in a .txt file.  This is config.  The site running should have control without having to recompile.
Other types of botnets involve buying access to rooted machines from the botnet owners.  Not impossible, but people tend not to launch DoS attacks that way.  They tend to do it for things that make money, illegally.  So while it would have far more capacity than Tor, there's a barrier to entry there.  You say "cheaper to run" but I assume you mean "cheaper to run on top of".  Running a botnet is kinda expensive.  You need piles of burner CoC domains and you're paying big dollars for 0-day exploits.  It's a full time job.
Separate app:  they might have if they'd known it would be so controversial (or misconstrued).
Mostly I wanted to argue against the idea of this being a trojan of sorts, since it only engages when the server thinks its being attacked.  I'm happy to debate the merits of it beyond that.
@_date: 2015-08-19 02:58:07
Yeah.  No way to monetize it that won't you get you shut down by the RIAA.  Commercial versions were dabbling with paid "gold" versions or in-app ads.  I continued to run a gtk-gnutella server, just to hash things (heh, DHTs are completely different sense of hashing) until code changed so that it refused to run as an ultrapeer on my linode for lack of RAM (only half a gig).
No defense of Gnutella needed.  0.6 took a lot of abuse and succeeded in being completely distributed.  I think it was pivotal in demonstrating that when music can't be purchased in a usable digital form, people will DIY.  I think it scared the RIAA into backing down on allowing Amazon etc to sell mp3s instead of stupid DRM schemes.
Yup.  Still interesting (to me at least) to how the differences in development panned out.
@_date: 2015-08-18 05:42:48
Out of band with respect to blocks, apparently.  I'm having a hard time finding the original BIP (the draft that everything on the 'net links to has been deleted off of gist.github.com) but apparently, they announce it to the network and to each other while still generating 1bm blocks.  And as far as a grade ramp up goes... 8mp is a gradual ramp up:  "starting with 8MB on 11 January 2016 and doubling every 2 years until year 2036 when the final block size will be 8GB".
Up to 8gb of garbage every 20 minutes.  Holy blocks, Batman.  Let's hope storage keeps pace.


Are the other options better?  I haven't read the details on them.  It seems hypocritical that XT is labeled a fork and they aren't, when raising the block size by necessity is backwards incompatible.
What may end up happening here is that no real consensus will be formed on the block size or how to handle deprecating old versions of the client, and everyone will just vote with the version they run, and conservative increases will continue to win the majority of the hashing power game.  It might be uncoordinated beyond the 51% rule.
@_date: 2015-08-20 08:09:40
I understand that forking the Blockchain (bad) and forking the code (the normal operation of open source) are different things.  Right now, there are 5,097 forks of   People fork the code when they want to work on a bug fix or feature but don't have commit access to the main repo.  Forking open source code is normal.  It is generally not considered an attack on the code.  It's generally considered a compliment.  When you fork code, you're generally not doing it to lock other people out, but to have a copy for you yourself (and maybe some collaborators) to work in.
Maybe Gavin copped a 'tude about it, but I don't want people to misunderstand the usual meaning of forking Free Software.
The real consideration here is what the miners ultimately decide to run.  Since they have the hashing power, they call the shots.  There's potential for disagreement among them that could cause a hard fork of the Blockchain.  I assume they will work to avoid that situation.  But, again, it's really their show.
@_date: 2015-08-11 07:05:20
You're conflating (potential) forks with alts.  Most other people are not.
As witnessed by blockchain.info's failure to validate transactions before publishing them in its API, more software than bitcoin-core uses the blockchain.  And this group has openly discussed attacks in the past, so I reject the "XT is an attack" argument as well.
May XT is heavy handed and that's reason to hate it.  If that's the case, then be open, transparent, and inclusive where your enemy is not.  Occupy the space that they aren't occupying.  Be better than they are.
@_date: 2015-08-18 06:07:47
Aha... found the BIP:  
It looks like XT is an implementation of that.
This is really interesting... miners vote for block sizes.  This is published in new blocks, in metadata in the scriptsig (stuffing things in there reminds me of people mangled and twisted the Gnutella protocol).  3 months of votes are collected and used to decide the block size.  The top and bottom 20% are thrown out, then "the most common floor" (I don't know what that means) is used.
So, XT really is just a set of votes for block size to be made starting at specific times, using this feature proposed in BIP100.
@_date: 2015-08-18 06:19:07


Mostly the miners.  Nodes not connected don't count for anything but connected nodes can be an impediment.  If all of the miners were doing one thing and all of the other nodes something else, things wouldn't work very well.
Short version of the idea is that some  block size increases will probably arise naturally, no matter how conservative it is.  Eg, if 1 meg blocks are swamped, they might all decide to bump it up to two one day and just say "hey ya'll, I'm bumpin it to 2" and everyone else will be like "okay sounds good bro".
@_date: 2015-08-18 04:32:53
Notes:  Yes, I write walls of text.
At the time, I was working on a P2P music recommendation service.  For years starting with the original client, it was possible to browse the files a servent shared.  I wanted to do a Netflix-like (but maybe before Netflix even existed) service that compared the files you're sharing (which was generally a person's entire music library) and compared it with other people's shares, and found things that people who a lot of the same files also had.  This was Web based.  Going to the site, it had your IP address, and Gnutella generally ran on port 6434 I think it was, or if not, monitoring traffic going through the network, it would likely have seen a message with your IP and port, so it could connect back to you and scan your shares and create a custom recommendation list on the spot.
This never got off the ground as, somewhat predictably, servents stopped sharing this by default, and then the feature vanished entirely from newer servents.
I also realize this is way off topic and will likely be repeated by the mods.  Sorry, not sorry =)
tl;dr Could be worse.  Could be managed like Gnutella... which is not at all.
@_date: 2015-08-16 03:22:09
Wait... this is probably going to get me banned, but can any mod just evict any other mod?  Is that how that works...?  
@_date: 2015-08-18 03:12:15
"eXtended Technology" according to 
This version of the Bitcoin server comes "standard with a hard drive. Additional changes include the addition of three extra slots and the elimination of the rarely used cassette port. The basic architecture of the machine was not changed."
@_date: 2015-08-18 15:45:15
While possible for XT to lose majority hashing power (a major miner changes their mind, for example), this seems unlikely to happen, unless I misunderstand.  Once the threshold is crossed, self interest would work aggressively to make a transition go smoothly.  Before the majority is accomplished, then there could continue to be reluctance, of course.
@_date: 2015-08-15 00:41:44
inorite?  Did people learn nothing from MtGox?  FFS.
@_date: 2015-08-20 08:02:52
I respectfully disagree.  Forking code can be done casually.  Indeed, in git, a branch is a fork:    Developers generally work in a branch (or if they don't have commit to the core project, in a their fork) when testing a new feature and developing it.  When it seems stable, they merge it in, or send a pull request to have it merged from their fork into the "upstream" (original) project.
At the time of this writing, there are 5,097 forks of Bitcoin core on github.  The vast majority of them probably have no or few changes.  If I wanted to contribute a fix, forking it would be the first step.
What must be done carefully is miners -- who have the real power here -- must decide which version to run.
They don't want to devalue Bitcoin, so they're going to avoid a hard-fork of the Blockchain.  They have some self-interest there.  Trying to demonize development efforts may or may not be effective in getting miners not to use them not to use it, but there's nothing that can physically stop them.  Miners could band together and create a fork they collaborate on and bypass all of this.
There are already lots of independent re-implementations, such as blockchain.info's buggy one, of the protocol.  For the most part, they don't hurt the network.
I agree that the miners should be careful about what they run.  My point is only that, technically,  has no special power over the network.
@_date: 2015-07-01 12:11:13
This isn't a just character a characteristic of or of reddit.  Arguing for the sake of arguing (for the sake of posturing?) has been going on since the BBS days.  Dev lists generally have community policies that forbid the worst of what you listed.  Reddit does not.
Yes, this stuff is tiresome.  Discussions (instead of hardlining) are far more effective at actually winning allies.  The dramatics don't reflect well on the community.
After many years of this, I've come to the conclusion that kids simply need to practice discussion skills somewhere, and the griefers with ill motives aren't going away.  Many of the kids (not meant in the derogatory; when you're young, you have to learn everything somehow) do learn:  It's impossible to prove anything, so the best you can do is make modest claims given your data and be clear about how you interpreted the data you have; respect is earned more through reasonableness than correctly interpreting data in any given situation; questioning and assigning motives is a tarpit usually best avoided; if you're not willing to have a constructive conversation, you will find yourself only talking to other people who are not interested in a constructive conversation.
Some people make those mistakes on purpose; some people are still practicing connecting with others.  I hope to support the latter while ignoring the former.
Thank you for your comments.  The occasional reminder to be civil fits with that, and I'm glad to see it.
@_date: 2015-08-15 00:40:13
Think of it this way.  If you don't care that it's peer to peer and you can control your own coins instead of just using some company's web portal, then what's the of using Bitcoin instead of any of the numerous other payment systems, like WePay or Dwolla?
That sucks and I'm sorry it happened to you, but Bitcoin was designed to avoid this.  I think a lot of people right now just want to spread the message of "keep your coins safe, encrypted in paper wallet" (maybe with duplicates somewhere).
@_date: 2015-08-20 11:05:37
I'm getting so much conflicting information (quotes about adding capacity being "a non-priority" versus "all of the developers know it's important" as a tip of the iceberg) that it's hard to function, and systematic destruction of discourse certainly doesn't help.
But there are tests for this stuff.  If the devs don't like Gavin's execution of BIP101, can they counter-propose *anything*?
If a 75% consensus is a year away, surely that gives some time to test, and a year and 75% vote is pretty damn good.
It sounds like Gavin's frustration hit quite a level before he started talking to miners directly.  It's counter productive for people to be frustrated at his frustration.  Give him some kind of commitment, some kind of an alternative.  Two years?  Less aggressive increase in block sizes?  Something.
@_date: 2016-02-01 20:14:17
Yes, we are getting a lot of Etherium spam.  Also, your account is one month old.
@_date: 2015-09-08 16:36:23
It would have been rad if someone high level in the DoD had embezzled billions of government dollars to invest in Doge.  They lose billions all of the time anyway.  Who'd have noticed?
@_date: 2015-09-07 17:36:48
Argh!  You said it again!
@_date: 2015-09-11 01:36:05
Seconding on Bitmain's AntMiner.  BFL is ethically challenged -- they were taking pre-orders claiming to have a product ready to test months before they actually had a design to send off for test fabrication, and then the actual product wouldn't arrive for nearly a year later, and *then* it came out that they were adding additional delays by using equipment that people had purchased to do mining in-house for the better part of a month, keeping the profits, and calling it a "burn in test", which is generally only done for several hours (at elevated temperature) with electronics.  Ignoring the deception and apathy about getting a product to market, their products are now far too little, too late, for too much money.  They generated hype and not much else.  Oh, and then they had all hands on deck censoring the company's forum when customers were revolting.  Reading the forums, you'd think that everything was rosy.  Too bad for them that people just went and complained to the FTC.  No love lost there.
Edit:  Sorry to vent.  Back on topic, there are lots and lots of used Antminers floating around.  Check eBay (esp local pickup -- they're heavy), Craigslist, etc.
@_date: 2015-09-07 15:28:57
Really.  If developers can't conduct themselves professionally, concerned companies are going to set up a new governance system and hire employees to do the work.  It's hard to build credibility when doing open source software development, and easy to lose it, and as many have pointed out, there's money on the line here.  Idealism has to take a backseat to pragmatism.
@_date: 2015-09-07 17:35:26
We all have points where we disagree with each other, but there's really no point of being on a discussion site if we can't be cool, coherent, and somewhat kind about discussing things.  It's impossible to expand other people's minds online; it's only possible to expand your own.
@_date: 2015-09-07 16:40:03
Running a full node and mining are separate and distinct activities.  Only mining is profitable.  There's no reward for running a full node.  People do it out of the kindness of their hearts.  Originally, full nodes also hashed, but with hashing moving to pools and dedicated hardware, they became distinct things.
As far as what's involved in setting it up, don't try to run it on your home node.  There are VPS services (virtual machine running Linux) that start around $7/month and a lot of them take BTC.  Your home ISP will punish you for making too many connections, which running a full node will do even if you aren't being DoS'd.  If you are DoS'd on a VPN, you'll just use up your traffic quota for the month and go offline for a while.  Home connectivity is too important to mess with running high bandwidth servers.
Docker is one easy way to set up a node:  
On Debian, you can also do 'apt-get update;apt-get install bitcoind'.  You'll pull resources from the network a lot less and be up and running much more quickly if you find a good bittorrent of the Blockchain.  It'll be up to several months out of date, but that's fine.  It gives it a starting point and then it'll download the rest of the blockchain from the 'net.   Put a bittorrent client on your VPS, download that, move it to the correct place, then install and fire up bitcoind (your choice of flavor).
Here's some instructions for setting up a full node:  
Hmm, I wonder if that Docker image already contains a large chunk of the blockchain, pre-downloaded.  That would be cool.
Your best bet is to try to get as far as you can, and then ask for help.
Good luck!
@_date: 2015-11-07 12:46:57
I don't know if you're trolling or not, but if not... the block size has been increased before, and other consensus items have been changed for various reasons, and there was no suggestion that Bitcoin then became an altcoin.  Likewise, people who would be left behind by a hard fork if they didn't upgrade simply upgraded.  Six months of deprecation (six month phase out) on bitcoind is plenty.  People upgrade more often than that for security reasons.  Alts use different ports, different genesis blocks, and sometimes different hashing algorithms.  We're talking about Bitcoin here, and trying to have technical discussions about it.  Categorical dismissals driven by idealology expressed using analogy don't really add anything to the discussion.
@_date: 2015-11-07 12:39:57
No kidding.  Even on IRC, a famous free for all, the network ops will kick you to the curb if they hear a bunch of complaints about a rogue channel op kicking other ops and devoicing users.
@_date: 2015-11-04 08:21:12
Multiple copies of encrypted paper wallets in different locatoins with a passphrase other people don't know but you won't forget, for deep storage.
@_date: 2015-11-07 06:08:49
(discussion), (no discussion but auto-cross posted links from basically everywhere)
Other Bitcoin groups have grown a lot and are still growing, and have a lot of interesting news and discussion not here, but most people are still here.  Of course, unless you feel the need to protest, it's perfectly possible to belong to several groups.
@_date: 2015-10-31 02:58:33
Money controls.  Governments like to keep an eye on what people are doing with their money, how much they have, and where it is.
Bitcoin didn't pan out exactly like a lot of people originally envisioned (not a value judgement).  Large centralized mining operations in China was a bit of a curveball.  Originally, there was a bit of an idea that everyone operating a null node would get a cache of coins now and then, and people would be able to either buy in or throw hardware and bandwidth at it.  In a sense, creation of coins got monopolized, and they have to make it all of the way from China (fast digitally but hard geopolitically).
This stuff really only works if you can avoid cashing out or buying in.  If your customers were paying in BTC and you were paying your suppliers in BTC, and then paying your employees in BTC and putting some BTC "in the bank" (metaphorically), everything would be swell.  Getting to that point will take a while.
Don't try to create an account in Canada.  Look for something that deals internationally.  Or maybe you can buy mining shares -- where you pay a miner money and get BTC from it.  I don't know if any of them deal internationally.  But that doesn't simplify your actual business transaction.
If the only person selling in your area has a 25% markup, maybe you should invest in mining hardware or a mining pool and sell, undercutting their price with the coins you don't use to pay your vendor.
Sorry, nothing really specific there.  Just kind of brainstorming.
Good luck!
@_date: 2015-11-07 12:35:38
... and he *has* kicked a bunch of mods already.  Anyone taking a more moderate position was booted.
@_date: 2015-11-03 07:54:38
Bribe people with BTC?  Everyone loves a faucet ;)
@_date: 2015-10-21 09:27:50
Industrial power is way cheaper than residential power.  Industrial power in China is cheaper still.  As usual, the Chinese have taken over =)
For a while, people were trying to hide mining rigs in their office (though they generally have a quite noticeable fan noise).  Lots of people got busted doing this when the IDS software corporate IT departments flagged these connections.
For a good price on hardware and if you have free power somewhere other than work (or you *are* the IT department), as of a several months ago (it's been changing fast, non-stop), an AntMiner S7+ will net you about $30/month.  As of several months ago, during a big market dip that caused some Chinese shops to bail and dump hardware, they were going for $120, shipped.
Google "bitcoin mining calculator".  Punch in the price of the miner you're looking at buying, it's TH/s rating, the price of power, and hit submit.  That'll tell you how long before the thing pays itself off.
I sold mine for a profit on the hardware after running it several months and pocked some cash and BTC, but probably not nearly enough to justify the energy put in to the project.
Edit:  Also, this can't be emphasized enough:  ignore all promises by companies about uncoming hardware.  If it's not in stock, it doesn't exist.  AntMain has solid pricing and hardware and there are a few other companies people like, but most of the stuff out there is a scam, a rip off, or both.
@_date: 2015-11-04 08:19:42
This is basically the point of Bitcoin.  Why do we want amature sleezebags stealing our money instead of Wallstreet professional sleezebags?  Same fucking, different dick.
@_date: 2015-02-15 02:43:08
 ... 1000GHS (1THS), $275.  Last gen 560GHS units have been going for $120, shipped, on eBay.
BitMain (makers of the AntMiner) offer way better value and they've consistently delivered on their promises.
People were smitten with ButterflyLabs (the cute name? good PR?  I don't know), but for over a year, they would have blurbs on their site "shipping should start next month" or things like that.  Half way through that next month, they'd just update the date to be two months away.  Very seldom was there any reason explanation, and when there was it, it really just proved that the things that they said before (the design was ready to go to fab, or they had working samples, etc, etc) were essentially lies.
@_date: 2015-02-22 08:29:10
 the Credit Union of archive.org.  Very, very happy with them.  I know they had to discontinue business accounts for legal reasons but they are officially pro-BTC.  I switched to them from another local CU that pulled similar shit.
@_date: 2015-10-02 15:59:40
There's (automatic cross posts from the various BTC subreddits), and some others, too.  I don't know bitcoin politics well enough to understand the change in leadership in Anyway, I'll see you around =)