@_author: scynx
@_date: 2014-11-01 18:43:44
If you don't want to use a bank account or verify credentials, you could try localbitcoins. The wallet software, mycelium, also has a local trader listing. 
@_date: 2014-12-07 17:09:12
Lold. Noted sir, thanks.
@_date: 2014-11-08 18:12:03
If there was a way to discern organic traffic from spam, it wouldn't go too badly imo. I don't feel as if botnets would spam reddit  for ~5000bits. Money is made easier elsewhere
@_date: 2014-10-21 15:51:29
I may be a little bit late in the AMA, but hopefully you have a chance to at least read / review this. I am aware that many claim Bitcoin to be anti fragile in the sense that the community will adapt to regulations and decisions to be made. On to my question: In the instance of centralized mining by a group of individuals in high regard, or the instance that quantum computing escalates to a point to where only a few centralized individuals can use it to their benefit, couldn't they rewrite the blockchain without ever being on the network, and fork the chain at the latest propogated block kind of stealthly? I have heard the counter argument that quantum computing is nowhere up to speed on this, and when the time comes, we will switch to Lamport signatures, but that does only apply to cracking public / private keys, and it not resolve the potential for difficulty to increase exponentially and / or a successfull attack on the network - where the most obvious solution would be to change algos to say, double SHA512, but in that instance, mining would be just as easily centralized. Are there any plans in this scenario or a possible solution? 
Sorry for bad grammar / sentence structure. At work and had to type this hurriedly.  
@_date: 2014-11-27 21:35:46
Can you provide a source for this? I haven't heard that
@_date: 2014-11-07 01:10:03
The "backing" is subjective in every currency so far, except for bitcoin, actually. There is no backing for bitcoin because there is no need for it to be backed. It is a decentralized form of value transfer. A value that will always be able to propagate globally at any point in time needs no strict backing, as backing implies there is a force behind it. With bitcoin, the force is negligible because anyone with a copy of the ledger can validate a value transfer. The ones who can validate it first get a small reward, but the reward is only the ability to move more value amongst the network. People will argue "there is no intrinsic value." Please, what causes intrinsic value of gold? Aesthetics? A limited supply? There is no intrinsic value in anything except bitcoin, as bitcoin is fundamentally designed  to be a value transfer protocol where none of its value can be artificially inflated or counterfeit. This means that once you have them, nobody can take them if you lock them up properly. What could be more valuable than something you can trade to others that can never be taken from you by force, that is, if anybody even knows you have them?
TL;DR 
Bitcoiners gonna bitcoin, no stoppin us now
Edit. That is kind of a haggard explanation. Catch me when I'm sober and I will give you a full run down on the gaps that are all up in that paragraph.
@_date: 2014-11-06 20:39:22
How many coincidences can be coincidences? Also, does anyone find it a bit odd that the guy who got caught blatantly tied his real identity to the markets? Surely he wasn't that unaware of privacy.  If this is a game I am still trying to figure out their angle. /Tinfoil out
@_date: 2014-10-21 19:46:26


 Did you also take into account Grover's algorithm? Granted, it will take awhile, but quantum computing will soon be at our gates. 
@_date: 2014-11-08 18:03:41
Hey man this is actually not too bad of an idea. It doesn't necessarily need to be 24hrs though. It could be algorithmic based on the momentum of a topic. 500 bits 
@_date: 2014-11-09 18:15:54
ITT: downvoting everyone except yourself.
@_date: 2014-11-13 18:22:05
Damn it! They're on to us...
@_date: 2014-11-01 20:58:55
Pretty articulate for a twelve year old. How old is this? 
@_date: 2014-11-04 06:02:28
I've never gotten a tip before...
@_date: 2014-10-21 21:45:47
You've understood my point wrong. I understand the power it takes to break double SHA256. Even if we could break it we could switch to Lamport Signatures. I was referring to the issue of centralized mining. Obviously the first few people to utilize quantum computers with a higher degree of qubits will be those who can afford the development. This leaves the idea of decentralized mining vulnerable. A stable quantum computer could raise the difficulty exponentially, leaving those without resources way behind in the mining game. 
@_date: 2014-10-03 19:19:57
This is actually where businesses will see the biggest incentive to use btc. If a merchant's  distributor accepts / requires btc, it pushes them to have their customer pay in bitcoin so they can continue to have shipments from that distributor. 
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:43:52
This is a very valid point. All transactions are monitored. Easily watched by anyone who spams dust to addresses anyway. 
@_date: 2015-01-27 21:10:25
This is a comment.
@_date: 2015-04-05 16:36:22
Extrapolating from the assumption the world will have one unified accounting ledger, we will begin to see data and usable reference pointers that will allow simultaneous data aggregation and organization. From a philosophy stance - the human species will in essence have a systematic perfect-recall mechanism for which we sacrifice a set amount of available resources to power the network. Our immediate resource availability is scaled down by a negligible factor n, and our potential for network to resolve n to zero before n is consumed by continuing to pursue optimized energy usage continues to evaluate to true. In an economic sense - bitcoin powers the notion that a post-scarce world it not only possible, but that the prelude into such a world will be available forever to future generations as they speak about the dawning of their current system.
TL;DR: a distributed real-time feed (think .mp4) continuously recording how we overcome obstacles collectively as a sentient system able to be utilized in real-time. AKA an Omniscient backbone for the purpose of continuing our evolving systems.
EDIT: grammar &amp; words 
@_date: 2015-04-04 20:59:59
I have asked myself these questions as well. I have been trying to think of how to solve similar problems. Can I propose micropayment channels? This is not a bad use case for it. There could be micropayment channel set ups that pay for the upstream of what devs are currently coding or working through - like a screencast w/keystroke api. The devs could incur a minimum fee as a function of time. It would work kind of like a subscription model. There will be people that subscribe to donate the minimum value Vmin per time unit (t), or people that will pledge (n &gt; 1) nVmin because they support the ideals in the development. There will be people that will subscribe to keep in the loop on the next possible implementation idea. These ideas will then trickle down to the media in the space in which we can all kind of decide what idea we feel we should contribute to. I see micropayments' role in this system like a necessary cost. We somehow need to automate the continuance of bitcoin by providing seamless methods to ensure its development. The society as a whole may understand that bitcoin is not a static protocol, and as such, is going to incur a cost to keep it growing and secure. Why not do it on a subscription model basis and create an ecosystem for everyone to be encouraged to be a developer? I guess in similar terms, a social-API -- socapi? Screencasts/keystroke api could be great reference material and teaching aids. It would run most likely in a chained fashion - and this could be publicly verified: peers or otherwise using the data for a model for income (like commentary, explanation, debates, journalism, etc.) could potentially publicly show a chained % of profits to the dev based on subscriber revenue by opening a new micropayment channels paying their current index of x%(t) and let the market kind of decide where the acceptable range is to pay developers to keep bitcoin growing in a community-centric fashion
Dunno, these are the things I think about. For some reason I have become obsessed with "well what do systems look like after decentralization?" 
@_date: 2015-02-19 21:29:26
You don't need the screen. As long as the phone can post and it is recognizable you can recover the data. Windows or linux on your machine? 
@_date: 2015-02-23 18:07:19
I can not tell if you are serious, but the signature scheme isn't the big risk here because we can switch to Lamport's. The real issue is to be able to crack the hash such that mining speeds increase exponentially to where only the quantum computer can compete with the difficulty increase. It would just cause a halt to the network because the computer could mine at arbitrary times just to keep the network stagnant   
@_date: 2015-02-19 18:13:19
OP, 
I am assuming that you have an android device. You also did not specify your wallet type. Assuming your keys exist on the device I do not believe water and a toaster will irrevocably damage the device. If it is worth you time (.56 bitcoin is actually quite a bit in terms of the overall supply). If you can get it to turn on, use your computer to mount the phone and image it as soon as possible into a folder. Just copy the whole damn thing. After that, jackjack on btctalk has a great project called pywallet that can help you parse the data for any keys. I suggest doing this offline for security reasons. The other option that is probably your best bet is an sd card. Hopefully you stored that shit on the sd card. In which case I would do the same process. Mount it, image it, parse it. Once you have the keys create another secure wallet and sweep the old keys to the new address. Best of luck my friend. 