@_author: sdarwckab_peyt_anc
@_date: 2017-03-20 13:08:29
Hopefully it doesn't come to that, but I'd go with 4.
As a Bitcoin user, I feel like me not being to able to express my opinion and vote in terms of hash power (at a reasonable economic cost) is what got us into this mess in the first place.
This may be due to concept of PoW itself, the specific algorithm or the indifference of a large userbase who mine for profits without any ideology. Either way, in my opinion  is our best bet to fix this situation.
@_date: 2017-08-04 07:28:36
It would probably discourage spending to some degree. But scaling back this wasteful mindless consumerism is not a bad thing. Tricking people into buying shit they don't need with a debt based, inflationary fiat currency only increases a few made up numbers like GDP or GNP or whatever, doesn't necessarily increase human prosperity.
Actually, the whole reason these so called "experts" are so fixated on growing GDP/GNP is because that's the only way to pay back (some of) the ever growing interest owed to our money printing overlords.
@_date: 2017-04-11 19:18:07
Do you think this vague concept of "economic consensus" could be refined enough to codify it so that we could measure support for consensus rule changes in a clearly defined, decentralized, automated way?
Would something like stake weighted voting on certain proposals with pre-defined flag days work?
@_date: 2017-04-14 08:56:13


I'd argue that assumption holds. I certainly trust miners to enforce consensus rules. It even holds when _changing_ consensus rules, but in the event of a chain split, the economic incentives may not always be obvious until after the split. Eventually, miners will be incentivized to follow the users but by then a split will have caused damage to bitcoin.
What we really want is to come to a consensus about a reasonable way to measure support for consensus rule changes prior to their activation. And hash power is definitely not it.
@_date: 2017-05-24 00:50:31
Well, they could have embraced that tool for consensus. They could have all just agreed to run BIP148 nodes. It would be a smooth activation with that 80% hash power behind the existing, tested and widely deployed segwit implementation.
Instead, they agreed to build, test and deploy a whole new segwit activation mechanism and a bundled hard fork (for which there is no good technical reason btw) all within a few months.
@_date: 2017-05-28 08:28:48
Presumably, any entities storing data on the bitcoin blockchain would do so because of the security provided by incentivized PoW miners.
You could utilize merge mining to reuse the existing mining hardware, but even then you'd have a hard time convincing miners to put any effort into supporting your clone chain with most likely worthless tokens. And if you're the only participant of the economy buying back your clone tokens to incentivize miners to keep securing your clone chain, then the whole blockchain is pointless, you could just use a much more efficient distributed database solution.
And by the way, both side chains and 2nd layer scaling solutions _significantly_ increase the transaction capacity, but they both have their drawbacks. Side chains are less secure and take time/money to transfer tokens back and forth to the main chain. As for 2nd layer solutions, for example Lightning, the more decentralized it is, the more on-chain transactions it requires.
@_date: 2017-07-05 11:49:09
To be honest, I'm really disappointed with most of the bitcoin businesses I see.
I would have expected all of them to come out and publish their stance clearly on the matter by now. Just state what node software you're going to run going into the next few months, what conditions (if any) may change that and what communication channels and dates your users should watch for potential updates.
Instead, what I see is, businesses make conflicting statements, announce support for multiple proposals or make no statements at all. This is not how decentralized decision making is done. Think about what ideals you want to support, consult with your technical team, poll your users, do whatever you need to reach a decision and let your users know. We can't all wait around for each other to tell us what to do, that's how we end up with tyranny.
So yeah, I think my disappointment is not unfounded - most of these businesses don't seem to have any conviction and just want to make money off their users short term (even those whose business model is not outright against the ideals of bitcoin).
@_date: 2017-06-15 19:49:19
Here's the [official documentation about pruning](


I think you can already enable pruning for the initial download and it will then throw away the older data on the fly after verification (so you don't necessarily have to store the entire blockchain even once).
To your second question, yes, you can close the client at any point to pause the download and the next time you start it will continue where you left off.
@_date: 2017-06-16 15:32:10
...and coinbase and bitpay and so many others...
@_date: 2017-07-09 07:14:16
Here are my personal requirements for a block size increase:
1. exhaust all technically superior options in the pipeline for block space optimization (eg. lightning network, schnorr signatures, sidechains)
2. observe the technical and economical effects on the network (eg. decentralization, resource consumption, security, stability, fee economy)
3. in light of all the new data, reevaluate whether a block size increase is necessary and whether it seems to be the best way forward. If it is, determine whether we can make it dynamic to avoid painful regular hard forks in the future.
Block size increase is not the goal - the goal is scaling the network while retaining the properties that make bitcoin what it is. Block size increase is just a possible option to scale. A rather disruptive and not particularly efficient option.
@_date: 2017-06-18 16:47:15
Blocks will probably always be full from now on, regardless of their maximum size. It's not about the fullness of blocks anymore but efficient optimizations to block space usage. There are lots of proposals for this, for example payment channels, sidechains, Schnorr signatures (many of them require segwit). Once we've exhausted all these options and measured their effects on the network and the fee economy, only then does it even make sense to start thinking about any further changes to block size, which, unlike the other optimizations, may significantly change the estabilished decentralization and security properties of the main chain.
@_date: 2017-06-14 07:51:06


By making sure BIP148 is the longest chain ASAP. Should be very easy with that 80% hash power. They could just download and run BIP148 nodes today. Or they could make their yet-to-be-released code compatible with the BIP148 activation. Either way, users would get a safe segwit activation in August (isn't that what we all want, including the NY agreement participants?). Then the segwit2x project could just focus on delivering the 2mb hard fork in whatever timeframe they agreed upon.
@_date: 2017-06-14 00:47:48
It's all good, when enough people lose money to these scams they can just roll back the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-06-15 06:56:28
There's a huge difference between two ways of "not having a full copy of the blockchain". You can verify the entire the chain from the beginning and then throw away history that will have no effect on the future to save storage, this is pruning (safe). Or you can trust someone else to do the verification for you to some degree, such as light wallets, web wallets (potentially unsafe).
@_date: 2017-06-20 19:42:29
I'm assuming you can't access your private key and use it to transact on the bitcoin network directly. Otherwise, their whole security model would be broken as they couldn't centrally "confirm" a transaction. But then you practically exchange your bitcoins for some centralized Felica balance when you top up the card, very much like banks. They may promise 1-1 exchange rates to bitcoin, full reserve, low/no fees, but you only have their word for it.
@_date: 2017-06-15 23:31:09


Completely agree. I've been considering running a miner myself along the same lines but got kind of put off by the numbers.
The best usb asic miner I found and consider affordable for most bitcoin users to buy and operate (for securing the network and decentralizing "hash power based decision making", without expecting any ROI) is capable of ~10 GH/s at a few watts and costs about $50.
The network currently has ~5500 PH/s total hash rate. That means your efforts would contribute 1 in 550 million to the total hash power. Assuming a total of 5.5 million bitcoin users (just a ballpark number), if every single one of them contributed this much to the network, it would all only make for 1% of the total network hash power.
So while I don't really care about how little my own hash power contributes, by the metric "if everyone else just put in this much effort and money, how decentralized would that make the network", unfortunately it doesn't seem to be worthwhile.
@_date: 2017-06-17 22:39:57
The way I understand it, in the current fiat system there is no such thing as "almost no inflation". The official inflation rates are artificially low, money is being created at a crazy rate. Look at housing, equities, bonds. There's a lot of money in speculative markets. That could hit the real economy, causing inflation. Central bank balance sheets keep going up, excess reserves are high. Banks could lend that all out, again causing inflation. Government debts are going up and accruing interests. Taxes can't be raised infinitely so fiat currencies must be devalued, again leading to inflation. It's only a matter of time before it all comes crashing down again...
@_date: 2017-06-20 18:51:27


So no decentralization, no censorship-resistance, no privacy. What exactly do they need bitcoin for?
@_date: 2017-06-18 17:27:34
But higher mining rewards from fees per block would still increase the profitability of those with lower electricity costs even more. Presumably, they would deploy more miners to the point where it becomes unprofitable again for those with higher power costs due to the difficulty increase.
However, bigger blocks would increase resource consumption for all users, miners and non-mining nodes alike. That could lead to less users being able to keep up with, store and verify the chain.
@_date: 2017-06-18 18:57:15
I don't quite understand your argument to be honest. If my power is cheaper than your power, I can always deploy enough hash power to bump the difficulty so that I stay profitable but you become unprofitable. This has nothing to do with fees. Not to mention the effect of economies of scale on mining decentralization.
@_date: 2017-06-18 12:41:31
The fiat money supply increases by ~8% per year and must keep increasing at an exponential rate due to its debt based nature.
Sure, you can say the inflation with regards to bread is only ~2% per year but it's simply because there's only so much bread even the rich can consume. Again, look at housing, equities, speculative markets. Of course our capitalist overlords are not going to invest in bread that goes bad in a week. They will buy up all the land, means of production, pay off the policy makers and demand all their printed and lent fiat back from the people with interest.