@_author: sdf2352523
@_date: 2012-05-08 17:33:24
Not much. I think the main point is that without the fallback of a central bank to bail you out, the martingale financial players will be exposed and would go bankrupt if they attempt to use the martingale in a bitcoin economy. 
This is interesting because IMO almost all financial trading algorithms and schemes involve hidden martingales as part of the strategy.. people sometimes build them without even realizing it and it is reliably profitable.. at least until it isn't.. but mostly people don't care since they will already have been promoted or possibly even working at some other company by the time it falls apart, and there are enough other factors that they most likely would never be blamed anyway.
If the world switched to a bitcoin economy the lack of a central bank and it's ability to bail out failed martingale bets would  put a stop to this kind of thing (by bankrupting those firms that try to do it and forcing the survivors to adopt more careful investment practices). That would probably be a very good thing in general.
@_date: 2012-05-09 14:50:14
So basically you're looking for ways to infiltrate and subvert the existing discourse in non-NATO aligned states. Start a bunch of astroturf sites.. viral videos (kony 2012).. fake conspiracy news.. fake whistle blowers like wikileaks, etc. Spread fear uncertainty and doubt. Sites where you can diseminate fake torture videos and smear public officials.
@_date: 2012-05-09 15:32:25
well here's one idea that might be interesting for them.. tor is currently too slow for efficently streaming fake torture videos...
users' home internet connections are currently too slow to host or relay fake torture videos and other propaganda.
the solution;
some kind of tor-like p2p network combined with a centralized video CDN network.
The video CDN network will store videos slowly uploaded via tor and then spoof the videos to end users using an IP of one of the other p2p cloud members.
The p2p cloud member who's IP is used will forward the request and ACK traffic back to the CDN somehow - perhaps trough tor. 
So to watch a fake torture video, userA makes a request to some random other p2p cloud member userB's IP.. this could either be using regular HTTP/tcp or perhap some custom udp protocol to reduce the amount of ACKs that userB has to forward back to the CDN.
The CDN then spoofs userB's IP and starts sending the fake torture video to userA as if it had come from userB.
From the chinese perspective all they see is a fake torture video being sent from some random dsl line to another random dsl line in China. Blocking access to that DSL IP has no effect though.
Some form of encryption could also be employed to prevent the Chinese from seeing that one of their citizens has possibly become corrupted by the propaganda.
To make it less obvious who's doing this, you could open source the project and allow many thepiratebay style streaming video sites to appear on tor hidden services.. this would have the added benefit of driving more people to use tor as well. The video sites could allow pay per view on demand movie rentals payed for using bitcoin. This could provide another source of funding to subsidize propaganda cdn data as well as create confusion about who's doing what and why.
@_date: 2012-05-09 17:30:00
It would be ironic if it later transpires that the state department actually were a force behind the swedish pirate party.
@_date: 2012-05-09 17:21:54
Create an account on a BTC exchange using tor or an anonymous vpn or cybercafe and transfer the coins into/outof the exchange to a new address. I don't think any exchanges require ID just to transfer bitcoins in and out. Most likely you will end up with different coins than you put in. Repeat with a few different exchanges and the trail will be quite hard to follow.