@_author: sdfadsafds
@_date: 2014-01-09 07:51:47
This problem threatens the bitcoin protocol in general it makes the largest advantage of bitcoin, being decentralized in to being centralized to ghash. If they decide to double spend or withhold their blocks, they could damage the network undeniably. I apologize again for the caps Karma but I think this is incredibly important for the community to understand the consequences, even if there are 5-10 threads on the front page about it.
@_date: 2014-01-09 08:07:41
I have not said anywhere "BTC has been compromised" but I am saying that it will be at risk of being at the mercy of ghash.io if things do not change soon. They have had a confirmed attempt at double spending and it makes the fear worse that if they continue to grow in network percentage share it will happen again and this time the attacker will be able to double spend successfully as many times as he/she would like.
@_date: 2014-01-09 07:40:38
Sorry for the caps, but I believe this is serious enough for my caps lock key. Ghash.io could already compromise the network where they are at and they are only gaining momentum. They are already at 43% of the overall network (Source:  and they have already had an attempted double spend in their history. I am just trying my best to help alert the miners who are currently mining at ghash.io to move their miners to another pool or at least for ghash.io to respond/help. 
@_date: 2014-01-09 08:03:23
Just because a person is anonymous does not mean they do not have anything helpful to contribute, especially if it is supported by facts. This is a well-documented problem of a large percentage hash attack on the network by many "experts". I am actually in support of P2P pooling myself, if they can fix the utilization problems it will hopefully be the method of mining for the future.
@_date: 2014-01-09 07:24:18
Those are the problems associated with a pool that holds that much hash power. They really did not say what they would do to prevent something like this from happening the future. This kind of thing has happened before with them and if it happens again with their new percentage of the overall network, the attacker will be almost guaranteed success and extremely damage the integrity of the block chain. 
Even if they are telling the truth, another "attacker" could completely compromise the bitcoin network by obtaining privileges to the mining pool. The community needs to come together to put a stop to this before it can actually happen.