@_author: sdfg2324234234
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:08:46
The interesting thing with Argentina is that it has extremely low government debt - sure this is mainly because noone wants to lend them money - and they've been screwing over their citizens to aggressively repay old debt, but if you stand back and look at things Argentina is in much better shape than almost any other large country.. you could even make the argument that they're being responsible and living within their means.. fundamentally Argentina is in solid shape and it really wouldn't take much for things to start improving there for the common man.
@_date: 2013-12-03 16:37:33
Still lower than the premiums for buying BTC in Argentina though :p What's cheap in Argentina? Maybe cigarettes could be used as a way to get value out? If you sold them at a reasonable 15% loss vs. what you paid (which is probably already cheap) - free shipping.. still better than what's available now.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:00:37
I'm pretty sure marcoski711 is wrong about this.. it is calculated on the full amount.. I'm not sure how the term 'face value' could be corrupted to mean 'markup'. I guess we'll see when it happens.. one very interesting thing is taht if they do end up charging VAT then people will be able to reclaim that VAT at the airport when they leave the UK -- so tourists could buy bitcoin in the UK without paying it.. this could have some interesting ramifications with regards to VAT fraud since if it becomes normal for people to reclaim VAT on bitcoins and the various refunding mechanisms get accustomed to doing it, it will be alot easier to slip through some fraudulent refunds.
@_date: 2013-12-03 17:53:27
It isn't really the reason.. bitstamp.net is a UK exchange.. sure their banking is in slovenia but it's a UK company and it's registered for VAT in the UK - having a foreign bank account really doesn't make their UK VAT liability any different than bit121's. They're both UK LTDs, both subject to HMRC's jurisdiction.
The way UK based exchanges get around the VAT liability is by passing it on to their customers.. basically they 'assume' that people selling on their platforms are including VAT in the price and paying it to HMRC - if they are over the £77k/yr limit (if you sell less than £77k you are not required to collect or pay VAT). When you buy bitcoins on bit121 or on bitstamp you aren't buying it from those UK LTDs, you're buying it from another of their customers so those UK LTDs don't have to collect VAT on the price of a bitcoin sale.. presumably there's nothing stopping there being a hidden offshore hedge fund also being a customer of the UK based exchanges and taking the opposite side of every transaction - to make sure that no two UK customers end up trading with each other and accidentally going over their £77k/yr VAT threshold.. I don't know if bitstamp does this, but I kindof suspect that they might. If they aren't doing this then it seems that some large UK customers might be liable for VAT and there's no way for them to even know about it since they can't tell who the counterparty was and if they were a UK based counterparty.