@_author: sdfg45353453
@_date: 2012-11-06 21:32:27
there's very little benefit in using something as heavy weight a fully decentralized blockchain to book transactions in an inherently centralized asset (a company's shares) - might as well just do what companies already do and have them maintain a central register of shareholders.
@_date: 2012-11-06 22:25:13
No it doesn't. Shares in existing companies cannot be rehypothecated either.. the problem with that is that almost noone actually owns shares - they're all kept in so called nominee or street name accounts which may or most likely don't map back to any actual underlaying entry in the appropriate shareholder register. 
While I'm sure there can be clerical errors the shareholder registers aren't the problem.. it's entirely the fractional reserve shell games played by the securities custodians (banks/brokerages as well as pure custodian entities) making people believe that an account statement saying you own shares actually means that you do when it doesn't.
With bitcoin there is no underlaying asset.. there is only the bitcoin entry. With corporate shares the shares themselves are not worth anything without the company behind them. If the company is going to falsify their shareholder register they could simply ignore whatever the bitcoin register says anyway so there's no actual benefit in not having them do it. Bitcoin having no backing is what makes it so powerful.. if bitcoins were valuable because they were backed by gold someone would have confiscated the gold by now and it wouldn't matter how well the bitcoin blockchain worked at maintaining ownership records on gold that nolonger exists.
As for anonymous ownership that's an issue with law - not securities settlement. There are some jurisdictions where bearer securities are permitted but mostly they aren't.. where they are I guess it's already possible to meet up in person and swap the share certificate for cash and noone else needs to know.. or you could sell them on ebay or bitmit or whatever.
as for tax - the company has to pay out any dividends and report them to the government.. the government can easily tell how much tax they should have paid.. sure they could publish false information but they could do that now too.. it'd be illegal but using bitcoin doesn't make it any less illegal or even much harder to prosecute.