@_author: sdfsd234242
@_date: 2013-01-07 15:57:57
Well if they have realtime messging from their upstream transaction provider they could escrow some of your BTC and do the exchange to fiat when the authorization request comes in (this is what bitinstant was proposing, and I think bitcoin-central too).. that would allow you to hold BTC for as long as possible... right up until you make a purchase. 
It's certainly a cooler way to do it, but I think the debit card's fees may end up being more important to the customer than realtime BTC exchange.
@_date: 2013-01-07 16:19:31
'universally' is a pretty strong word... even VISA/Mastercard aren't universally accepted.. infact even cash isn't.
@_date: 2013-01-07 10:46:38
Their rates are on  it seems their market is a bit of a buyers market - which makes it not ideal at all for selling BTC to charge your card. 
I think you also have the option of just depositing EUR and then putting that on the card directly too though.. this might work ok in europe seeing as how there are free EUR transfers. You could just sell on any EUR exchange and then transfer the EUR to bitcurex to charge the card - of course there are probably many prepaid debit cards that could be used in this way.
It may also be possible to reload it by using liqpay.com to push credit on to the card although I haven't tried that. If it is possible then you could sell on btc-e, withdraw to liqpay and then push to your bitcurex card.
@_date: 2013-01-08 01:39:51
try this;  there are several people online even at this late hour to fulfill your order. I think this is the best way for the UK at present - you could also try liqpay.com in combination with the btc-e.com exchange. register your credit card with liqpay and then contact btc-e support for the liqpay deposit address. There's only a 1% deposit fee, but unless you have a USD credit card you'll be paying CC fx fees as well (usually no more than ~3%).
you may also want to look into transferwise.com to do SEPA transfers.. it's cheaper than a direct transfer from your bank (you do a domestic GBP bank trasnfer to transferwise and then they do the SEPA for you).
@_date: 2013-01-07 16:21:47
well if everyone is saving in bitcoin and only buying govtcoins to pay to the govt, the govt might as well just accept bitcoin directly.
@_date: 2013-01-07 18:10:48
it's like they're trying to create a market for bitcoins... :p
@_date: 2013-01-07 12:59:53
Use liqpay.com to deposit at btc-e.com, it's manual, but it's simple and only has a 1% fee. You use your credit card and don't have to do any identity verification. Failing that virwox is probably a good choice for newbies.
These moneygram things really don't seem like a good deal.. it's a hassle (you have to get off your ass and go somewhere to pay cash and have awkward conversations with tellers who often don't really know what they're doing) and it attracts high fees. Other than the novelty of getting BTC there's really no reason why someone would subject themself to this.. it isn't something anyone is going to be doing long term and for first time newbies it gives them a pretty bad first impression too.
For americans dwolla/mtgox is still the best route.. sure it takes a month to setup but if you're planning to use bitcoin you should probably just do it.
@_date: 2013-01-07 19:36:09
Believe it's possible? Certainly; it is. You wouldn't need to talk to visa or mastercard either but it would require a custom setup with a transaction processor such as first data - this could be quite costly as it isn't the usual batch product they normally sell to prepaid debit card providers - and they might need to do some integration work on their side which could be 6 figure money. On the other hand there may be some smaller transaction service providers that are more flexible.
If bitcoin continues to grow I have no doubt that someone will eventually do it, indeed it may become the norm - I'm just not entirely convinced that this is a killer feature. It's a nice to have. If there were a card with lower fees that didn't have realtime transactions I'd still use it over the fancy one. 
Basically it hasn't happened yet because it isn't something you can just buy off the shelf from a reseller and rebrand like with the normal gift card thing.. it's going to be custom development and honestly the bitcoin market is still small - it might not pay off.
@_date: 2013-01-07 19:53:51
perhaps.. personally I think they would accept it even as a form of payment amongst others.. they want to be paid after all.. they have the same incentives to encourage their customers to pay as any other business. just because it's illegal not to pay doesn't mean people will pay.. they need to use carrots as well as sticks to get what they want. if they find their 'customers' are more willing to pay in bitcoin then they'll take bitcoin. also there are lots of governments and various levels, not all government services are compulsory purchases.