@_author: sdfs345235432
@_date: 2013-02-13 22:17:44
The reason different currency markets exist is to enable people to take advantage of the price differences. This happens naturally when say EUR users trade with each other and get a better price than available if mtgox had to convert an offer from the main USD market. There's no reason someone shouldn't attempt to make a market in multiple currencies.. I don't know how profitable it would be, but there's nothing 'bad' about doing that.
@_date: 2013-02-13 22:35:31
plenty of folks will have gigabit FTTP and petabyte HDs by then.
@_date: 2013-02-13 14:34:19
It's possible to have an mtgox balance in lots of different currencies and yes there probably is some room to arbitrage between the diffferent pairs.. mtgox does do this themselves but only on a large(ish) spread, so there's some room to improve on that, but I'm not sure how much.
The only way to deposit most currencies is by direct wire transfer, so you'd probably need to be sending &gt;$10k in whatever currencies to make it worthwhile (due to wire transfer fees).
@_date: 2013-02-13 21:39:50
mtgox doesn't make you pick just one currency, you can have balances in as many as you want (afaik) - i have two currencies in mine at the moment. I think they just appear automatically when you transfer in money in that currency. 
I'm not sure if there's any other way to add new currencies - ie, selling BTC and not converting it back to USD but you can probably jsut email their support and ask them to add another wallet to your account. 
Trading multiple currencies is definitely a feature of mtgox, not something dodgy that they're going to lock your account for (although hey who knows, maybe they will make you do KYC stuff - you'll need too anyway in order to transfer enough money to make it worthwhile).
@_date: 2013-02-13 17:59:23
agreed. mortagage payments are normally only slightly less than rent, and it ties you to living in one place for at least 5 years or you'll lose more on fees relating to acquirig and disposing of the house. In this current economic climate, for most people it's probably important to be able to move quickly (to get a new job when your existing one goes away), in other words it's probably better to rent. The days of houses being a ticket to free money though price appreciation are over and if you need to remain flexible about where you live then renting is cheaper too. Honestly if you have no assets to be seized you might as well go on a credit binge.. just put the money into something that won't be reposessed.. bitcoins seem like a good option.