@_author: sdfsdfsdfasdsdfas
@_date: 2014-03-06 21:13:00
oh icic...but i thought licence plate number can tell the location of a person house?
but anyways this journalist is stupid for publishing this information online....
she put this innocent mans life at risk...and his family's life too
but tbh i dont think that this is really him 
According to Charlie Shrem
“I find it hard to believe that a guy who’s name is Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto who went sooo far, farther than anyone I know to hide is anonymity, signed messages with PGP, used a throw away email address, avoided all emails about his personal life, worked for the US government, would use his REAL name on potentially the most groundbreaking technological innovation of our time.
according to Jeff Garzik this is what he said
"“This Newsweek article is no more, or less, credible than other articles supposing to find Satoshi. It offers zero credible evidence that he designed bitcoin. We will know Satoshi by his digital signatures: the “real” Satoshi can easily prove their identity by (a) signing a message with his well-known PGP key, or (b) signing a message using bitcoins presumed to be mined and held by Satoshi.”
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:52:41
hey guys this is Leah twitter account handle
give her your piece of mind. this journalist put this innocent mans life at risk by publishing a picture of his face, his house, and even his car license plate.
Any idiot ass criminal can now target his family and hold them hostage for his approx 400K+ bitcoin that he owns
i hope he gets bodyguards and goes live in another state. Stay safe Satoshi
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:20:19
hey guys this is Leah twitter account handle
give her your piece of mind. this journalist put this innocent mans life at risk by publishing a picture of his face, his house, and even his car license plate.
Any idiot ass criminal can now target his family and hold them hostage for his approx 400K+ bitcoin that he owns
i hope he gets bodyguards and goes live in another state.
Stay safe Satoshi