@_author: sdogpuppy
@_date: 2016-08-29 19:34:15
It's the fairest way to decide the consensus state of the latest transactions, as well as to distribute the coins.
Seriously, who do you give these newly minted bitcoins to? Your friends? Anybody that wants it? You can't assume "personhood" depends on ip address, because those can be spoofed. Effectively, from the protocol's point of view, there are no humans--just proof-of-work, because that's all you can reliably trust that was reliably done.
Likewise, in an globally distributed asynchronous system, everyone sees their own (a different) point of view of the recent transactions. We use proof of work to randomly choose which point of view (of transactions in a block) to use.
From a game theory sense, this creates incentive to burn even more work relative to your competitors until the costs in electricity equal the profit obtained. 
All this burned energy actually strengthens the network as a whole since a bad actor needs to obtain more energy than the total POW of the network itself--a near impossibility. 
Because of that, we have this distributed ledger that we can trust to be fully censorship resistant and immutable. 
@_date: 2015-08-29 14:57:25
@_date: 2017-05-09 20:00:50
I think you're trying to figure out how it became to have value; not why it has value now.
That's a great question to think about and I think this article covers this topic very well. Other articles from this site are highly recommended.
@_date: 2013-03-26 14:11:54
My interpretation of the OP is that the average user does not need to learn about the theory of money or our the current monetary system. 
They need a simple to use front end. Maybe a video that shows how transactions can be sent (only need destination address and your key).
Trying to explain WHY bitcoin makes sense is a really tall order. Trying to explain HOW to use bitcoins is much simpler.
@_date: 2013-05-08 03:11:17
If you have to pay taxes on something, whether it's to use, possess, or trade it, you don't own it. Whoever you have to pay the taxes to owns it, since they can legally confiscate it or prevent you from using it if you don't pay them the tax they demand. Another way to think of it is as rent. Income tax is essentially a tax on one's labor, and since we all have to pay it, that means we don't own it, we merely rent it. 
So who owns our labor? The government/State does. And who owns the government/State? Rich people do, just as they always have all throughout history. We're all slaves owned by rich people living and working on giant nation-state cotton plantations we call "countries".