@_author: seanhurray
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:37:00
Hello friends,
I am helping a homeless women here in my country. Her name is Carmen, I think she is 60-70 years old. She is very sweet and innocent like a child. She is very sober but I think  she is autistic or has asperger's syndrome. She was run over twice. She can't stand up and walk properly, and has both incontinences. She has no family to take care of her or charities (see below why).
The first time I saw her, was several years ago passing by a car. Then in one of my trip to that city (my family still lives there) On vacations, on May, I saw her again. I approached a couple of homeless people to give them some food. I recognized her and was shocked. 
I couldn't understand how she was on the street after years of abandonment. I went to some private and public charities (Hogar de Cristo, Arica, Chile) and they know Carmen very well. They explained me that public and private charity here in Chile, can't help her because she doesn't fit in their rehab programs. Charities here in Chile take care of people who can go back to society, but the homeless people who most suffer (mental or physical disable) have no shelter. Sometimes charities go out to the street and gave them bread or coffee but no shelter. 
Thanks God we found a Christian pastor who received her, but was just for a month, now she is back in the streets and alone because his male friend died just before we moved her to the pastor.
I am not living in peace from that moment, thanks God after that I invested in cryptocurrency so I hope sooner than later I will be able to give her a permanent solution if she wants. Today a friend of mine is very active helping her.
I uploaded Here are some videos recorded by the Pastor who received her for a month:
Anyone who wants to help her here is my trezor btc address:
BTC: 3PLnzebx6BMzt6BssM4CNEhcfw8dBCsZwT
Thank you very much for the space, God bless you all.
@_date: 2018-06-04 04:45:23
In one word = FOMO
@_date: 2019-01-11 06:13:24
And I will sell Bitcoin at $6500 the next pullback