@_author: seastatefive
@_date: 2017-11-01 02:53:46
Hi, I read the abstract of Satoshi's paper and I am wondering, he wrote this " As long as a majority of CPU power is controlled by nodes that are not cooperating to attack the network, they'll generate the longest chain and outpace attackers. "  
  
However, now that normal people without ASIC can't mine the blockchain, and ASIC are all made by corporations, what is the guarantee that ASIC and big time miners are not going to centralise the control of Bitcoins?  
  
Because I don't think small time independent miners are going to be able to continue mining, as the economies of scale are too large - means big computers will control the blockchain? 
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:06:39
Thank you for your very detailed reply. I must admit I am very new to bitcoin and don't fully understand your answer.  
  


  
Wouldn't users naturally gravitate to a fork that has a faster transaction time and a lower transaction fee.. does this mean, the fork with the lower difficulty rating?  Since lower difficulty rating is more profitable to mine?  Doesn't this mean that miners will want to keep coming up with new forks with low difficulty (or easier to mine) and because it is easier to mine, users will also gravitate to that?  So eventually it will become a race to the bottom with each fork offering faster and faster transaction times?  I am assuming that selfish users care less about consensus rules and more about speed and cost of transaction, which makes miners want to entice users with new forks and competing standards.  
  
So I am seeing a weird kond of pessimistic outcome: either stay on the current implementation where rich organisations with supercomputers will dominate the blockchain, or keep forking to lower difficulty alt coins where smaller players can profit, but end up fragmenting the currency.  
  
But for the life of me, I cannot imagine a world where the small independent miner has an advantage over a chinese server farm. What one person can do, the chinese miners can do much better.  Eventually it will become centralised again.... 
  
Please do let me know where my knowledge and reasoning fails!
@_date: 2017-11-02 01:08:08
I bought bitcoin via bitcoin.com, and stored it in my wallet, but the process was very cumbersome for a beginner like me.  
  
1. The rates advertised were not very competitive, like $10 below the average BTC/USD rate.  
2. There was a 2% fee.  
3. Additional 5% fee for debit card.  
4. Because my country doesn't have a competitive bitcoin exchange  I had to incur another currency conversion charge for my local fiat currency &gt; USD.  
5. Credit card verification required government ID AND a selfie picture which was rejected because I smiled or something.  
6. CC took 6 hours to validate.  
7. After that another 3 hours for the BTC to appear in my mycelium wallet.  
  
Wow. that was a very long process! In the end I incurred almost 10% fees! There must be another smarter way to do this???  And anyway now my government ID, selfie pic and my cc are associated with my bitcoin wallet. This isn't anonymous at all! Someone help a noob?