@_author: seatsforeveryone
@_date: 2018-09-03 11:33:35
Some solid points . . . . . however still part of the ZeroHedge, gold bug crew that maintains that a "crash" will/must occur.  This is not true.  "Money" is DEBT IN TRANSIT.  There is no "crash" as long as the system creates enough new money to keep the sham going.  The Fed granted itself POMO (PERMANENT Open market Operations) and loans and credit card swipes "create new money".  Crash is not assured.
What is assured is that your purchasing power WILL continue to erode.  Bitcoin is THE BEST way to hedge against this.  SOV/Hedge against inflation is the number one use case and will be into perpetuity.  
@_date: 2017-03-13 20:43:36
"Money" (as defined by the state) is DEBT IN TRANSIT.  "Money" is ACCOUNTING.  LEGAL = SURETY + ACCOUNTING.
The BAR ASSOCIATION is the OVERSEER of the RECEIVERSHIP in America.  This is why they will never decrease the amount of "national debt".  The lawyers are feasting off of it hello wake up everyone!!!!!  (See any BAR members in Congress HELLO!!!!!!)
BTC merges MONEY OF EXCHANGE and MONEY OF ACCOUNT.
If you can truly understand all of the definitions above and what was stated (and I mean truly understand it) you would not ever consider exchanging any of your BTC for DEBT IN TRANSIT again.  There is about $80 Trillion in MONEY OF EXCHANGE globally and hundreds of Ts of MONEY OF ACCOUNT.
In America only we as individuals can reduce the debt and get rid of the scam.  ACCOUNTING involves TWO ENTRIES.  Each person needs to instruct the trustee to debit the SECURITY of their PERSON to discharge public debts (i.e. taxes).  
@_date: 2017-03-14 00:16:59
Lay out the accounting for us to prove me wrong.
@_date: 2018-06-22 21:02:21
Best of luck and I will be following.  I will use it as long as the reliable labor output is there.
Purchased about 96&amp; of BTC I have between $148 and $298 per Bitcoin so been around the block for a while.  I know, I know everyone's a genius and they all know everything or so I've heard from all the charlatans in this space in particular the ones here since 2016/2017.  This is a good idea.  Stick with it.  Actually, this is a very good idea.  
I use fiverr regularly for [seatsforeveryone.com]( I have had success with it but the fees are excessive.  Your project is very interesting.  
@_date: 2017-04-05 13:24:28
not impossible.  It's obvious they realize they can't stop it or defeat it so they will try anything including co-opting crypto in general.  
Behold BANKERCOIN errrrrr . . . . . better known as Ethereum.  
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:23:45
sounds a lot like me.  While everyone was telling me how they knew everything in the world already back in 2013/14 (along with telling me I was just a big dummy) I was using my excellent TA skills to hammer the fuck out of BTC at extremely compelling entry points.  loaded up big time and have not exchanged a single satoshi back for fiat.  Now who's the dummy?
@_date: 2017-09-27 00:43:03
Hey guys you better get in line and get in line real quick.  Vinny is the Don and Godfather of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin can not and will not do anything or refrain from doing something unless it first receives explicit approval and authorization from Vinny.  Vinny is a million times smarter than each of you..  Just ask him - he will gladly tell you this. 
In fact, Vinny is able to control the exchange rate of Bitcoin given his self-appointed powers which include the aforementioned controls of the switches shall we say.  I mean it's unreal he can just wave his magic wand and pontificate about his "thoughts and feelings" and make the exchange rate of Bitcoin move a certain way.  I've never seen anything like it.  
(sarc off - Why are so many of you enamored with this clown and tell the truth how many of you have been looking to him for legitimate insight?)
(sarc off - I would venture to say NONE of you here understand what money is.  "Money" as defined by the state is ACCOUNTING.  "Money" is DEBT IN TRANSIT.  Bitcoin MERGES Money of Exchange and Money of Account.  IF you truly understand what that means then you would never be concerned with the blabbering of charlatan, attention whores like Vinny.)
@_date: 2017-09-28 17:40:32
Spot on.  Ignore all of those clowns.
The crux of the issue beyond what is described in this brilliant OP write-up is the following:  VCs and/or "wealthy investors" are crying like little cunt bitches because they are finding that it is quite difficult to skim off the top of Bitcoin.
They consider themselves better than you and smarter than you and simply based on their self-declared "status" they and their investment interests "deserve" to get in on the action in the manner that they dictate.  They haven't figured out how to extract fees and rents like in the existing financial infrastructure so they cry like little babies about it.
@_date: 2017-09-12 14:40:37
ok, geniuses!  whatever you say.
TA always applies.  So you are saying going back in time to 2013 or at any point in time there was no value in properly analyzing the chart of BTC or any entity traded on an open exchange???  ok geniuses.  thanks for confirming for me there are still plenty of real superstar gems like yourselves that can go against me and provide the other side.
@_date: 2018-04-22 01:10:44
@_date: 2018-04-06 01:37:00
13 STAT 99
Repeat after me . . . . . banks can NOT lend their own capital.  
Whose money are they lending then?  They are lending you your own DEBT IN TRANSIT.  "Money" as defined by the state is DEBT IN TRANSIT.  "Money" is ACCOUNTING.  When you get a loan or swipe your credit card you are authorizing a TRUSTEE (the bank) to debit the SECURITY of your PERSON.  You borrow from your own credit and pay back the middleman!!!  Suckers!
Watch moneyasdebt.net the first two videos.  The existing system MUST "create new money" to survive.  It's simple math.  There MUST be new money (DEBT IN TRANSIT) created in order to mathematically have enough to pay the interest on all the existing money/debt.  
Ever wonder why they never take seriously the "debt ceiling debate"?  The "national debt" rises INTENTIONALLY.
The most obvious downside is the obliteration of your PURCHASING POWER.
Exchange DEBT IN TRANSIT for Bitcoin.  But I'm just a big dummy all you geniuses here already know everything!!
@_date: 2017-05-06 17:24:23
Vinny seems to think Bitcoin needs his official approval and authorization to do something whether it is movement in market value or otherwise.  Complete joke.  
This move will prove (yet again) that FA (Fundamental Analysis) is meaningless and nothing more than bloviating and pontificating.  TA is already telling you all the FA.  
@_date: 2017-05-19 16:46:29
We will reach a point where 5M+ people each insist/will/achieve HODLing at least 2 BTC.  That's 10M coin essentially not up for offer for all intents and purposes.  If BTC continues to prosper this obviously conservative number will only grow.
Yet, we have geniuses all over the "community" FUDing you and adding to their shorts hoping for cheaper coins.  Short these weekly and monthly candles?????  Haha, not me.
I've been very, very aggressively adding at key points all along since 2013 to the point where the know-it-alls amongst us would not believe how brilliant my entry points are.  I'm prepared to be told I have "too much" if anyone ever knew how much I am hodling.  
Think about it, Coinbase is adding let's say 400K new accounts each month . . . . . . . . . .  You think these new people finally decided to exchange debt for Bitcoin only to be swayed by the same FUD just days or weeks later???  They are entering to use it as a SOV.
@_date: 2017-06-20 09:54:32
Planet Earth DOES in fact have enough Lithium to meet the rising demand.  However, there is a huge shortfall in terms of what can be extracted and put to use over the next 12-48 months.  Hence, opportunity.
Musk can be the butt of jokes if people want to be juvenile and miss the opportunity.  Who cares about Musk.  The demand for Lithium is skyrocketing and will get even stronger as energy storage comes into play in a major way.
So, who can fill this gap?  There is one productive mine in North America currently.  There is also one tiny player that has cleverly and literally surrounded that one productive mine and already demonstrated that they are indeed sitting on a shitload of Lithium. 
@_date: 2017-06-19 20:53:54
Only element that can provide AND store energy.  Bye bye fossils, hello Lithium.
@_date: 2017-06-20 14:41:24
It is not an ICO.  I repeat it is not an ICO.
I am revealing my overall approach.  1) Bitcoin.  2) Lithium.  There is a company that trades publicly I am sure somebody can dig around and figure it out.
I am very wary of ICOs as currently structured.  ETH, according to my idiotic and stupid view, is a house of cards.  I'm sure ETH pumpers will flame me for that statement but we will find out who is right.  
@_date: 2017-06-16 16:36:08
Two best opportunities I have ever seen:
1. Bitcoin
2. Lithium
Nevada has it going on if they can just secure more water sourcing.
Lithium is my next huge play.  Was right about Bitcoin in a very, very big way I wonder how I will do with Lithium?
@_date: 2017-06-20 15:23:26
Let me clarify further: this Lithium play has nothing to do with crypto or ICOs and certainly not any scamcoins.  
pure energy  