@_author: seayaes
@_date: 2017-10-01 00:51:58
This is talking about applying for a "banking charter"...... That gives certain legal rights to conduct certain types of business. It also means that whoever has that charter is in compliance with x, y, z regulations and gives a measure of legitimacy to customers as there is 3rd party oversight in the form of regulators ensuring compliance. Its the (government sanctioned) "right" to conduct xxx types of business.
That doesnt automatically mean fractional lending.... 
@_date: 2017-09-30 23:37:48
I don't understand why more people don't see this China crackdown the same way. Cryptos have been up to this point, literally the perfect vehicle for bypassing state capital controls (ALL countries have capital control mechanisms in place and log ALL capital movements). China isn't special in that way but China is now in the position of moving its economy from export based into a domestic consumption based economy and a HUGE part of this requires the re-investment of profit capital back into the domestic economy. This is another added reason that its in China's interests to crack down on the crypto capital movement loophole. 
These capital control's world wide will also be used to limit peoples ability to buy cryptos (limit the transfer of fiat to exchange's so as to purchase cryptos) when governments start focusing on regulation of crypto markets. While the government will have a HARD time directly regulating cryptos themselves, where the governments will attack is the capital movement of fiat into cryptos. If this us bottlenecked, you can create the most anonymous, most decentralised crypto ever and if the majority of humanity can't easily transfer their current fiat to be able to purchase the crypto, it wont get widespread uptake and use and will just be yet another closed loop system for those few "in the know".
I don't understand why the crypto community's so against regulation.... It would honestly be the single BEST thing to happen to cryptos! It will legitimize the crypto markets in the masses minds. There would be a sharp increase in uptake and use by a much larger percentage of the global population. Businesses would stampede to implement payment gateways into their business model's. Cryptos would see mainstream uptake and EVERYDAY use for everyday things (pay your gas, electricity, rent, groceries...). It will weed out/limit the "bad players" rolling out fake IOCs. ALL things that MUST happen at some stage to see these "to-the-moon" price forecasts. 
Let them regulate at the exchange level. The best thing that could happen is the crypto community implement a single cetralized exchange that complies with all required regulation. It handles the compliance costs, reporting costs, in short ALL the cost and burdens of regulation compliance. It would also mean that "whales" can't hide their trading positions and size from the rest of crypto traders. (Essentially what is currently in place are seperate exchanges that are "dark pools" to every other exchange. This allows HUGE trade manipulation to take place as the majority of the market is blind to wjat positions are being accumulated outside your own exchange you trade on).
That DOESN'T mean that cryptos themselves are centralized, just centralize compliance.
If cryptos move to a FULLY decentralized market, each and every trader/buyer/seller will end up in tge position of needing a Securities and Exchange License, complying with logging and reporting of ALL activities and ensuring they maintain regulatory compliance at a individual level. The costs (in time and finacially) will become so burdensome that it would effectively kill the market at a individual level anyway. (ALL these laws are ALREADY in place for ANY tradable instrument)
Why doesn't the crypto community get out in front of this and be the loudest voiced stakeholder and work WITH governments? Government's assemble committees to gather infomation before making decissions. They don't have a working knowledge of how, why, what - about cryptos. We are missing the greatest opportunity to see cryptos come into their own. 
 If we are not represented, we allow others  (banks) to influence the eventual outcome and that will result in controls and mechanisms being put in place that severly hamper cryptos widespread use, uptake, growth. 
Think about it - the blockchain is the ULTIMATE FORM OF REGULATION! It regulates every person that interacts with it. It requires no outside party to enforce that regulation. Allow the status quo their short term "win" as they invite the Trojan horse inside. Then watch as they gain an understanding of what the blockchain is and can do and the GOVERNMENTS implement it themselves through everything! 
If government's regulate cryptos and crypto markets, it will fully legitimize them instantly! It will be the greatest achivement in this revolution! 
Regulation IS coming, no matter what your feelings are on the issue. 
The REAL question is - Does the crypto community step up as a stakeholder and have a loud voice in this going forwards OR do we once again stay quiet and allow the status quo the power of defining cryptos future? 
@_date: 2017-10-01 01:16:39
If only crypto trading would move to a more centralized exchange. That doesnt mean the coin or the technology is centralized, just the major trading market. That way, "whales" can't hide and manipulate  the market from what is now effectively "dark pools" of seperate trading exchanges. It also means the exchanges themselves can't manipulate the quote price to run their customers stop/limit orders. 