@_author: sec5
@_date: 2018-09-09 02:32:13
This is the correct answer. Title is senseless and sensationalist in nature. And is choke full of agenda. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:17:48
Blockchain is a new software technology, but once upon a time, people thought it impossible to put movies into digital discs as well. 30 pictures a second for 2 hours was thought to be a collosal undertaking for the then pentium 2s and 3s, when rockets were still launched on paper punches strips and vacuum tubes.
Then they made laser and ssd tech for it and now our movies are literally streaming through airwaves, on demand.
Take it from me, I'm old enough to understand: Hardware is not a problem for blockchain, period.
@_date: 2017-11-12 13:17:03
BTC has been conservative for 9 years and has nothing of substance to show for it. 9 years is literally the time it took to from the first iPhone to iPhone X.
People retain alot of sentimentality for BTC because it was the product that brought the whole vision of an independent and universal cash system to the world, but otherwise it's not executed it's vision well enough and so today we have so much drama with this. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:24:25
Core talks the talk but i haven't seen anything meaningful and usable come out from them for ages. In theory they should be the vanguard leading the technology with the most advanced features, since they have been in the space the longest, but in reality, people like Vitalik and many others have quit Bitcoin and are actually far ahead with development of blockchain tech and core is actually left far behind.
@_date: 2017-11-11 20:00:00
The reality is that most users in this sub have made a personal financial investment in it and are hoping for gains and payout, and get devastated with losses. When personal money is at stake, you can be sure that it's emotions at play because you can't exactly stay logical and reasonable when you lose your savings.
What more , this is a generation of redditors post Trump elections that we're talking about. The demographic here is not conducive for intellectual discussion. Even Reddit itself has changed tremendously, i have a 10 year old account and 10 years ago Reddit was far more civil than it is today.
I come here to read opinions and gauge the mood of the market more than anything. I too wish there were serious tags or serious posts or subs that's more intellectual in nature, but if you really want a more serious dialogue for now i suppose it's to look for the developers forums in each cryptocurencys site.
Crypto and it's community is still relatively young. Give it time,  it will mature.
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:05:08
Bitcoins been front runner and face of crypto technology for almost 10 years now, and is the defacto currency used by exchanges to enter the world of crypto, as has been for many years, though this is set to change. Ethereum has really only came into mainstream this year. I fully expect crypto scene to change completely within the next 3 years as much newer and robust technologies and adoption take place.
In a word BTC is legacy, and if the US can still keep on using feet and inches when the world and entire scientific community has moved on to metric system, then BTC will stay on as well in that same capacity, while the rest of the world moves on. We still use gold too even when we have fiat. Gold would be the ultimate legacy currency.
Seen through the prism of history all this chattering and shilling is just moot background noise of a billion homo sapiens hollering at something they still don't fully understand yet.
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:01:53
People were complaining that movies couldn't possibly fit on discs just about 30 years ago.
@_date: 2017-11-11 19:40:57
To me it's really the same as the economic situation between China and US. The chinese outmanufacture at a far lower rate and cost than the US can, and the US benefits from cheap influx of products and materials, which they are willing to pay for. Both countries have prospered from this economic relationship.
It's a political and communication issue more than an actual point of contention worth taking sides and fighting tooth and nail for.
The result is that you can see everyone benefits from this relationship, even if there are some conplaints here and there. The mistake would be to ruin the relationship and break the whole enterprise apart, for trivial concepts of what is original, what came first. French fries or freedom fries. These are meaningless ideas.
That said the miners will mine what they want to mine, and the market will use what they want to use and consider valuable. The free market place of ideas and products will decide what is best and eventually adopt it. Otherwise today we'd all still be using friendster and yahoo mail.
@_date: 2017-11-11 18:57:53
It's amazingly inane how this sub has so much disdain and vitriol for the chinese as if they are some sort of subhuman communists who worship Kim Jong Un every morning, and need to be nuked at every possibility.
They really are just any other people like you and me. And if it were not for the chinese , koreans and japanese, Bitcoin today would not have been as big a mainstream success as it is. We've built this product together hand in hand, and for me the beauty here is that anyone anywhere can share in this technology regardless of some senseless boundaries. It's universal.
@_date: 2017-11-04 15:15:20
independent.co.uk whose business is to sell news, not report it, as is for most papers today.
@_date: 2018-02-23 02:39:41
It should be through a Ten X crypto linked
 visa master card on his phone or as a physical card, along with his phone.
@_date: 2017-09-22 11:29:27
The goal is to wrestle control of blockchain assets from privateers and international bodies to state owned MNCs or regulatory bodies that they can control.
China is a plutocracy control freak. They won't ban the technology, they just want to bring it under their control.
@_date: 2018-02-15 09:32:04
He said that but still the meaning there is that there _is_ such a leader, that he is most accomplished when he achieves his success that way. It's a lesson in humility from greatness. And does not apply to Bitcoin.