@_author: sec_henry_paulson
@_date: 2018-10-27 10:18:44
Is the goal of the stock market to not change?  
@_date: 2012-03-12 15:11:09
Yes, but you can't just back a currency with bitcoin, because someone would just 51% attack your entire economy.
And creating a new crypto-currency to back your money with doesn't make much sense if no-one is going to use what you're backing your currency with.  You'd be better off with a traditional monetary system.
@_date: 2012-06-04 23:36:46
No offense to anyone, but I'd like to offer a counter opinion.
I avoid bitcoin forums strictly for this reason.  
It's just internet panhandling.  On the very slim chance that someone randomly wants to offer someone money for no reason, it is not worth polluting every conversation with a shit ton of random addresses in the hopes that some random benefactor will be so taken by your cleverness that they will have no choice but to pay you for your spoken word.
I'd rather join a conversation for the sake of conversation, not just participate in something filled mostly with garbage with people adding one and two-word replies because they want to get their address shown in as many places as possible, not that that even works (but don't tell them that).
It's the internet equivalent of "hey man, got any change", and I like think we're better than that.
@_date: 2012-06-05 00:32:45
I've never investigated how flair works, but to be perfectly honest my first reaction would be to un-subscribe, because even if I could find a way to hide flair on the subreddit, I'd still be participating in this panhandling nonsense which I don't believe in.
Now, I only speak for myself, and am just trying to offer a dissenting opinion before the begging begins, but just let me ask you one question.
How many times have you been on an internet forum, and thought "man, I should give this guy some money".  
@_date: 2012-06-20 19:05:26
Bitcoin is supposed to be a currency, first and foremost.  
A currency is only as valuable as its utility.  
Right now if I want to buy gas, groceries, pay a babysitter or do any of the millions of other transactions that involve money, I'm most likely to use traditional currency.
Could I use bitcoin to do these things? yes, but often it's not worth the time if the person you are transacting with has no idea what a bitcoin is.
If nobody uses it as a currency it's nothing more than a bunch of 1's and 0's that don't mean anything, and aren't worth shit.  
People can sit around wondering why they aren't rich yet, but the answer is staring them in the face.  If you want your bitcoins to be worth something, help promote their use in business transactions.
@_date: 2012-08-12 14:37:05
I run a decent size data-center in Iceland where we have cheap power, and those costs are absorbed by the facility anyway.
Let me know if you're interested in working something out.
@_date: 2012-06-05 08:39:18
You're not going to convince me that the off chance that someone will randomly receive .50 cents is worth permanently cluttering the site.  
I'm just offering an opinion, and my opinion is that it's just another form of begging other people for money.. and it's better suited to drug addicts harassing people at a train station than an internet forum.
@_date: 2012-07-10 08:11:44
The more the price swings, the more people will be buying and selling.
Wild price swings are what prevent people from actually using bitcoin as a currency for everyday transactions.
Without this utility the whole thing is worthless.
It always seems to me that the majority of the bitcoin community is perfectly happy to have an entire system built on nothing but speculation.
@_date: 2012-06-12 08:53:48
Currencies are not supposed to be investments.  Currencies are supposed to be a medium of exchange.  
If you're using a currency that is likely to change in value noticeably, it's a bad thing.
@_date: 2012-08-12 23:02:38
This seems a bit over the top to transfer large amounts of money to avoid paying "fees".
I mean a common daily swing in the price of bitcoin could cost you orders of magnitude more than what you would pay in any kind of bank fee.  It could go the other way too, but why gamble if the reason you're doing all this work is to avoid paying a tiny amount of money?
A wire transfer will cost you probably $50.  Getting a cashier's check from your bank and then cashing it at a bank there will cost you between $0-$20.
This is by far the simplest method, and these fees are peanuts compared to the volume of money you are messing with.   
I support bitcoin, but only when it makes sense.  This particular application does not make sense to me.
@_date: 2012-03-12 13:33:36
Here are at least a couple of flaws.
The existing bitcoin system could not be used.  A 51% attack could be done with (relatively) minimal investment by a foreign nation, so some other similar system would have to be used, perhaps something where the whole thing isn't de-centralized, but rather still controlled by the government in some way.
Other problems lie in the fact that standard merchant procedures become more difficult.  i.e. - the ability to do chargebacks disappear.  While it can be used unscrupulously, this tool is more often used to prevent people from being scammed. 
We've all seen how many bitcoin related systems have been compromised over time.  You'd expect people to devote a lot more time to attacking the system if the an entire country actually adopted something like this.  
Then there's the simple fact that the nature of the system is complicated, and not something suited to farmers in the countryside.  Not only are these people not going to understand how transactions work anymore, but you're forcing a complicated system on a bunch of people that don't know what they're doing, and everyone is going to get attacked and have all of their money stolen with no means of recourse.
@_date: 2012-07-21 00:14:20
@_date: 2012-05-12 18:12:08
Read the fucking article.  
(1) The only loser is them.  They are taking the hit, and everyone's withdrawal requests are being honored.  
(2) You know nothing of how the attack happened.  The first time they got breached was because of a failure by their hosting provider.  There are no specific details about this breach, and your speculation adds nothing.
(3) You speak of mtgox like they're infallible, but we all remember their hack, and the fact that they stored passwords with reversible encryption, meaning aside from all of the bitcoins that were stolen people's passwords were stolen and dumped, and since many people re-used passwords their bitcoins were stolen from other sites and online wallets.  
This is much much worse, and yes, it should come as no surprise that these kids that used to trade magic the gathering cards had to learn their lessons the hard way. 
(4) You speak like this site only operates with one wallet.  Obviously they have multiple wallets and the only wallet that was compromised was used so that the site itself could operate.  
"The overwhelming majority of our bitcoin deposits were not stolen."
Any system like this will always have some amount of bitcoin transactions that it will have to keep on a server attached to the internet.  
If you can automate a system to keep your bitcoins somewhere, someone can reverse engineer that system to get those coins back.  
If not, you're relying on a manual process, which means that you want a system with high fees and long transaction times.
Nobody is infallible.  At least they: 
- Acknowledge the problem and the extent of it immediately.  MTGox tried to cover up the problem, and gave as little information to the public as possible.
- Protected their users passwords. MTGox failed badly at this.
Your finger pointing adds nothing, as it is highly unlikely that anyone would sacrifice the integrity of their business for a relatively trivial amount of money.  
I feel sorry for myself writing all of this out, because you seem to be the type of person that doesn't want to understand anything.  
@_date: 2012-07-21 00:12:12
Opportunity for bitcoin 20 years from now.
I like bitcoin, but in no way does it have any opportunity to provide anything useful to people attending the Olympics this year.  
@_date: 2012-06-05 01:12:05
Then why not do this sort of thing in those communities.. Where people are trying to offer something in exchange for money?
I fail to see how this sort of thing is relevant in a general discussion forum. 
@_date: 2012-06-16 21:22:01
This plus the fact that in any real scenario where bitcoin became a major currency competitor, you have the fact that a 51% attack could be pulled off by any government that felt like trying to take over the system.  
I remember seeing someone crunching the numbers and calculating that it would take an investment of about 10 million dollars to pull something like that off, which by itself is a lot of money, but it's just a footnote in a government budget, if there were ever a scenario that any government around the world felt they needed to take a stand against bitcoin.  
@_date: 2012-06-06 07:17:31
How many times have you paid someone on the internet because they posted in a bitcoin forum with their address as a signature?
@_date: 2012-06-05 00:10:00
I think you mis-understand my concern.  
My concern is that I'll be forced to read around a bunch of bitcoin addresses when I try and browse a comment thread because a bunch of misguided people think that strangers want to give them money.
@_date: 2018-02-20 21:28:28
the odds were good, but it's all about the effort vs. reward.  
for example, i was abroad in 2011, wanted to buy tons of bitcoin, but the only viable way was with a bank transfer and my bank literally needed me to fly back to the US so I could sit down and fill out paperwork and then pay $50 to transfer money.  something that is normally done via the internet and often for free in more developed countries.  
I honestly considered flying back to the US to do this, but ended up not bothering cause it was an excessive amount of money to travel just for this.  Or rather, I knew it was worth it, but didn't have the income to justify it.  
I ended up in an IRC chat room buying graphics cards for a dude on the internet who paid me in bitcoin.  
I got about 2% of what I planned on purchasing, and even those are lost on a hard drive somewhere, but still.  
Anyway, the point is, you can have all of the knowledge even at the time, but when you have a whole bunch of hoops to jump through all that matters is how much of your own effort you're willing to expend into your own beliefs.  
If you don't look backwards and keep applying this to the rest of your life, you'll succeed no matter what.  
@_date: 2012-06-21 10:18:49
Dwolla has turned on the entire bitcoin community.
Bitcoin practically built their business, and now they not only deny that, but they've been putting rules in place to keep people from using their service to buy and sell bitcoins.
Here's what I would do.  I would give it some time to resolve, don't get angry, but do continue e-mailing them until you get a proper response on when you can get your money back.
If you don't get your money back within 30 days, I would take them to small claims court.  
@_date: 2012-07-05 09:28:36
And keep multiple copies.  There's no reason to keep only one copy.
@_date: 2018-02-20 21:37:28
investing all of your money into any one thing is stupid no matter what it is.  
this is like saying "if only i would have put my life savings on black on the roulette table"  .. yeah, it would have worked since you now know the result.  
either diversify your investments, or find someone that can.  if you put all of your money into one single thing, you should expect to lose it all.  
@_date: 2018-02-26 09:11:52
No no.. this is really why this incident is so important.
This is the first known instance of a public transaction of bitcoin for real world goods and services. 
Prior to that it was only a thought experiment that this is what people could do in the future. 
@_date: 2011-11-01 20:27:41


Yet another person that doesn't understand the concept of bitcoin as a currency and instead "something to be hoarded".  
I can't wrap my head around where these people think the value comes from in the first place.
@_date: 2011-08-29 11:23:50
They got what they deserved unfortunately.  
EC2 is not for backups, and even if they had used S3 for backups, it's amazing that they didn't keep a single copy ANYWHERE else.
With this level of technical incompetence it's a wonder they weren't hacked... or maybe they were and are just trying to pass blame?
@_date: 2011-12-20 12:55:56
Not true.
(1) a month is not "days"
(2) in september the EURUSD was never higher than 1.43 ... you can't just round up to 1.50.  
[For this "large fluctuation" you're trying to point out, the entire change over the course of an entire month was 0.10.](
Please don't say something and then try to back it up with lies.  There's no reason to do that.
@_date: 2011-12-20 12:07:34


This is not even remotely true.
@_date: 2011-06-20 19:10:45
If MtGox getting hacked is a reason to abandon BitCoin, then surely the $6.5 billion USD that went missing in Iraq would be just as good of a reason to abandon the US monetary system.
@_date: 2011-12-20 11:48:13
The only future of bitcoin will be when more people adopt it.  
More people will only adopt it once it has a reasonably stable price.  
Currency is supposed to have a recognizable value.  
If the price suddenly jumped to $20, would you be happy, or should you instead realize that it's just going to mean that the price is going to come right back down as people try to take profit?
Swings like that might be good for people trying to make money off the currency itself, but these are the people that are killing bitcoin by preventing it from being used for its actual purpose.
@_date: 2011-12-19 18:36:09
You're missing the point of currency.
Currency is a utility or shared medium that is used to buy and sell goods and services.  Its only role is to be used in commerce.  
The reason people cash out BTC for USD is because having a more widely used currency makes it easier to buy and sell a wider range of goods and services from people who accept USD.
The more people that accept BTC, the less there is for a need to change to a different currency.
If the currency isn't usable, it's not worth anything to anyone.
@_date: 2011-07-05 17:54:19
You mention the price "falling" a few dollars as some sort of warning sign, but neglect to mention that the price of a bitcoin was only $1 USD at the end of May.
Currencies don't get adopted overnight, real currencies take years to develop.  
First off, major retailers would be stupid to start accepting bitcoins as currency due to the wide fluctuations you're pointing out.  It would take a substantial investment in trained employees, hardware, planning, etc. and for what?  Something brand new that has a value that is all over the place as it is just starting to get adopted en masse.
Credit card fees are negligible compared to the swings in bitcoin prices.
I'd recommend listening to NPR's planet Money Podcast.
This American Life also did a good podcast on the subject of currency adoption.
If bitcoin has a place as a strong substitute for existing currencies, we'll only be able to know that in a few years time.
@_date: 2011-11-02 11:24:12
Right, gold has been used as a currency, it's value then derives from the fact that people can use it to buy and sell goods and services.
Gold does not have value just because it is a piece of metal, or because people 'think' it has value, it has value because it is difficult to counterfeit, has relative scarcity, and can be used for transactions in place of things that have value, but are difficult to use in transactions (i.e. heads of cattle or barrels of grain) 
Bitcoin's only value derives from it's utility.  If people use it for transactions, it has value based on it's use and availability.  If people hoard it as something of perceived value, it's actual value disappears completely.
Gold's safeguards against this are that it has additional value as a raw material in manufacturing, and it has also been used as a currency for over 5000 years.  Bitcoin does not have either of these characteristics.
I'm sure you understand this, but this just does not seem how the information is presented.
@_date: 2011-07-29 14:38:44
You find it hard to believe that an exchange that is 10 times larger than it's competitor can work with it's suppliers more easily?
@_date: 2011-12-20 16:02:56
Get over it, the high for July and August is 1.45.  
@_date: 2013-08-24 14:32:49
The only way that works is if the dispensaries stop accepting cash, which is silly because the suggested "solution" is to turn away paying customers, which to business owners is not considered a solution.
Upvoted comments like the above are a big example of the close-mindedness of the community.  
@_date: 2013-06-06 19:48:51
For anyone that doesn't know, this functionality is already built into Windows 8 / Server 2012
Just choose to open your ISO file with windows explorer and it will mount it as a new CD drive.
@_date: 2013-06-03 21:57:30
You're probably young, so please let me share this.
The most important rule to investing, and keeping wealth long term, is diversity.
You need to invest in multiple things or you will end up on the bottom at some point or another.  It's only a matter of time.
It's what defines investing.  Putting all your money into one thing is nothing more than gambling.
If you want to gamble, that's fine, but at some point you'd wish you grew your money.
@_date: 2013-08-26 23:59:49
The only reason anyone would invest in bitcoin is if they think the price is going to fluctuate, and you'd likely invest more if you think the price is going to fluctuate a lot.
Price fluctuations are not a good thing for a currency.  The reason anyone uses a currency is for buying and selling things.  You're less likely to do this with a medium of exchange that has large price fluctuations.
As long as the average price remains unstable, bitcoin will have a harder time being adopted as a currency.  
e.x. - If I sell something for $5, I'd like to know that I still have that $5 later, and that it's not likely to randomly disappear later because of speculators.  
You want people to keep their money in bitcoin, not exchange it out right away for traditional currency.  This is how the economy grows.    
Encouraging people to hoard digital 1's and 0's is pointless, because eventually they'll just dump them later, and the cycle will continue. 
I'd rather see real world applications and uses for bitcoins then more talk about "investing".  I feel like 80% of the posts here are focused on hoarding coins.
@_date: 2013-08-24 14:28:10
Exactly, no matter what people will be coming in to stores with cash.  You can't magically wave your hands and turn it into bitcoins.  
The cash needs to leave the store somehow.
@_date: 2013-06-03 21:42:19
Oh please.  Take a look at kickstarter, 85% of their most successful launches shipped late or never...  and those are supposedly the absolute best, most well represented ideas on the site.
The Pebble watch was supposed to ship in September 2012 (after raising over 10 million dollars, mind you)..  at this point they've given up on their release date entirely, and claim that they have no idea when they will be able to deliver.
BFL is a success, and if you expect anyone to mass produce any piece of custom hardware and accurately guess a completion date before they've even started production, you're smoking crack.  
@_date: 2013-08-27 00:20:28
"Hey guys, I'm going to completely fuck the blockchain and the bitcoin infrastructure... wanna invest?"
At least he's up front about it.  
I mean look at what happened with Satoshi Dice, you had tons of people suggesting that the miners start ignoring Satoshi transactions to save the infrastructure.  Now, while I didn't think that was a good idea.  I could totally see taking a similar approach to stop this sort of "abuse".
@_date: 2013-06-13 11:07:08
This is stupid.
(1) Obviously people believe that the US dollar is worth more for a reason.  Actually, dozens of reasons that I feel I don't need to list here because they should be obvious.
(2) There is no point to this, unless you're advocating something like gold or something that actually has at least a shred of intrinsic value.
I don't understand how people that support bitcoin don't realize their bitcoins are just as worthless for the exact same reason.
I mean what's the argument here?  "Give up an established currency that has worked for centuries for someone's digital hobby project that has been around for a few years... because they're both worthless so who cares?"
I support bitcoin, but stuff like this just makes me scratch my head.
@_date: 2013-06-04 13:59:08
but bitcoin tips are going to save the planet!  here have 12 cents.  don't you feel amazing???
forget buying and selling real world goods, patting someone on the back with pocket change is the way of the future!
when you're talking with someone and they say something funny, don't you put some money in their hand?  of course you do!  
now imagine that process digitized, and incessantly talked about.  
now you understand what this subreddit is about, and by extension bitcoin.
also, all other currencies suck. they're not backed by anything.  bitcoin is made of 1's and 0's.  those bits of data have value, not like "fiat" currency that only exists because everyone agrees on it.  it's simple economics.
it doesn't matter that bitcoin has serious scalability problems.  if you just pretend they don't exist, you can substitute it for the US dollar in the blink of an eye.
look, it's obvious you don't understand bitcoin, it's cool, i was like you once.
@_date: 2013-08-20 20:39:58
Why is this getting upvoted?  It doesn't add anything to the conversation, and effectively kills the comment thread.  
@_date: 2013-06-02 23:36:58
Any decent escrow service should also protect the people selling goods.
i.e. - If the buyer tries to renege after the goods have shipped, the seller also needs to agree to give the buyer back their money, otherwise it should open a dispute, where the escrow service would have to make a decision based on evidence presented by both parties.
@_date: 2013-06-04 23:43:15
"Magic the Gathering Online eXchange"