@_author: secalot
@_date: 2017-05-29 15:09:49
No, there is no display. There are touch buttons that are used to confirm bitcoin transactions.  
Freescale Kinetis K82 microcontroller is used. The GCC compiler can be used to build firmware and the bootloader completely from source. There are no closed-source software parts whatsoever.
@_date: 2017-05-29 21:58:17
The K82 chip used in Secalot is a secure microcontroller for IoT. I agree that, generally speaking, it will be less protected against hardware attacks then recently produced smart card chips. 
But we have to take several points into consideration:  
1. In any smart card or secure MCU the hardware is closed source. So in any case we can not completely trust it. As far as certifications go, being CC hardware certified does not say that the hardware is bug or backdoor free, it just says that at the time when the certification was performed, the certification lab did not find vulnerabilities that were bad enough to fail for a certain CC level.  Plus hardware attacks are progressing quite rapidly, so if a chip has been hardware certified some years ago, it does not say that much today.  
2. Being a secure microcontroller for IoT, K82 still incorporates hardware countermeasures like time equalization of hardware crypto primitives.  
3. Most important. What we have to look here at is the complete solution. What is more secure, a smart card chip with a closed source proprietary software running on it, or an IoT security chip with open source software running on it? I am quite confident that the second approach is more secure for a consumer device like Secalot.  
Regarding the cryptolibrary used. K82 contains a hardware crypto accelerator. ECC operations are done in hardware. mbedTLS acts as an API layer on top of hardware and provides additional attack countermeasures in software.
@_date: 2017-05-29 15:15:25
I am currently working on SegWit support in the firmware. It will definitely be supported by the time the crowdfunding campaign's shipments will start.  
Plus the firmware is updatable in the field. So in would be possible to introduce new features even when the devices are shipped.
@_date: 2017-05-29 17:13:53
NXP provides a complete reference manual for this microcontroller. [K82 Reference manual]( I don't see any omissions there. It provides full documentation of flash security features, the cryptographic co-processor hardware interface and so on.  
Indeed, K82 chips contain a bootloader in ROM, provided by NXP. Its interfaces are documented and even the sources are provided by NXP, [Kineis bootloader](
On Secalot devices this Kinetis bootloader is completely disabled. Very early during hardware boot sequence the device reads a certain word from flash that determines if the chip should boot from ROM (Kinetis bootloader) or from flash (Secalot bootloader and firmware). This setting always points to flash in Secalot devices. The address where this setting is located is hardware write protected, so it can not be overwritten by a Secalot firmware update.  
