@_author: secondsbest
@_date: 2017-09-16 00:21:42
Capital asset worth is only part of an evaluation of corporate stock. Ability to leverage capital for revenue and not having more cost obligations than revenue potential are also very important factors, among others. Don't confuse some complexity of corporate valuation with the pure demand driven valuations of crypto currency.
@_date: 2017-10-21 14:08:25
The interest rates are going up because we're reaching full employment (minus any slack in long term unemployed who were taken off the unemployment rates), and it's time to put pressure on capital loans to help signal investment in capital gains and labor wages. To leave rates low would create a capital investment bubble, and it would keep the Fed toolbox bare in case of another recession. Conservatives already plied their what ifs. Trump's likely top choice to possibly replace Yellen said years ago we'd be at extremely high inflation rates by now, for which he's never issued a retraction after it never happened.
You can keep asking for what ifs, but what are your alternate expected outcomes of your conspiracy's Fed policy?
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:31:24
Dead on. American banks, and foreign banks that primarily deal with US dollars, don't need a whole new crypto currency. There's no reason for them to get away from transacting in their customer's most popular and secure fiat currency. The banks just need to update the central ACH system to be faster, more robust, and still able to deal with the millions of transfers it sees daily. I imagine a similar transfer accounting system to Bitcoin block chain that's less decentralized than any of the public crypto currencies are, but it will use a similar replicate of chains verification system, and it won't require the banks themselves to change much of any of their current software or currencies handled.
@_date: 2017-10-21 13:29:34
Yeah, that's a conspiracy. The biggest recession since the Great Depression, and consumer confidence was in the toilet for more than half a decade. Corporations were sitting on mountains of cash, but didn't want to spend a dime because everyone was over capitalized. We should have put the target rate a 8-10% in 2009 to keep lending at zero. /s
Why do you think the Fed has kept targets low? What's the end game of your conspiracy theory?
@_date: 2017-10-21 13:42:47
Yellen would have done the same regardless of the President. She's a better telegraph than Western Union, and she's been signaling her targets for a long time. Conservatives actually wanted rates much higher much faster, but their doom and gloom theory about rampant inflation never happened. 
And abolish the Fed isn't a conspiracy theory. Tell me what you think the Fed has been trying to dubiously do?
@_date: 2017-10-21 14:45:04


They haven't. The economy is doing what it is doing as expected, so the Fed is raising rates like they said they would when the economy met the criteria outlined for higher rates. 


A separate currency from the US dollar? No. There's no point in a nation keeping two fiat currencies. The dollar is already primed to effectively be a crypto currency. Most of the dollars in circulation already exist digitally. The Treasury prints money for people who want to hold or make physical cash transfers. The Fed can electronically "print" money by extending credit to the member banks. The Fed, Treasury, and banks could change over from the ACH system to a block chain to make the dollar into a true crypto currency.
@_date: 2017-10-21 15:32:10
I'm not going to resort to personal attacks, but I urge you to study more about the function of the Fed system, it's open transparency in structure and operation, and how it's enabled the US capital markets to build wealth to the benefit of just about everyone on the globe.
I would support a dollar crypto because it would be backed by the might of the US government and military, FDIC insured in deposit, and more widely demanded and used than any currency ever. Putting the dollar on in a block chain  environment would also reduce fraud significantly while putting serious screws to illicit market transfers. Bitcoin has demand, but it's value is 100% speculative with zero underlying value. Any manner of whim could supplant it or drive it into irrelevance. 
I sorta understand why some individuals don't like US money, even if I think they're silly or dumb for their justifications for why they do, but there's a reason the dollar is the strongest currency, why it's safe to use, and why a crypto dollar would supplant Bitcoin for everyone but criminals, conspiracy theorists, and speculators.
@_date: 2017-10-21 13:00:25
The Fed started raising the target rate in 2015. WTF are you talking about?