@_author: second_tom
@_date: 2017-04-13 18:32:56
I see what you are saying [now]( I was thinking about it from the other interpretation of inflation. When a currency's purchasing power increases, that's usually called deflation, and that has acted as a major subsidy. 
@_date: 2017-04-13 16:45:46
@_date: 2015-09-12 17:54:37
Im sorry, I didn't catch any glaring omissions. Can you elaborate? 
It also isn't so clear that limitless blocks insure a miner monopoly. There are plenty of markets out there, without anit-trust laws, where a monopoly theoretically seems plausible but they just don't seem to spring up. Why haven't the current mining pools joined forces already? The barrier to entry is already quite large. 
I do agree it seems like a very real possibility, just chicken counting and all that. 
@_date: 2015-09-12 19:13:48
Internet discussions are quite tricky indeed with the problems of anonymity. Along with discussions being flippantly closed, clarity is also an issue when no formal language exists. 
* I do not understand the issue of impedance yet. 
* I think Peter would agree that the miners do not face all face the same parameters for cost, but isn't demand uniform across all miners? The transactions available to be blocked are available to all miners, this is what makes up demand (a single curve, I assume you missed an 's'). If a miner is priced out of the market for whatever local input shock, that sucks for them, but as long as the optimal local area is large enough for many pools, a competitive market can still exist. I imagine we will see a migration of miners to an area where the profit is maximized for connectivity and energy prices. 
* The market is only efficient in a range, Peter does say that. Again, my ignorance on the technical aspects leave me without a respectable counterpoint.  
Since the market only functions on a certain range of variables, do we have, or can we create, protocols to insure its safety? Markets are really great at efficiency. It definitely side steps the apparent problem of decision making. 
