@_author: secr3t0
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:19:10
It's astounding the level of stupidity that we see around here. People complaining oh I bought at the top $19k and now I'm losing money, bitcoin is dying, everyone moving to alt coins, etc etc. All super retarded. 
Why don't you just take a good look at the market cap instead of the price before investing ? The scalability issues were known for years now, so are you comfortable with it ? How much do you expect it to grow ? Which market cap do you think it can potentially get to ? Happy enough - invest and ignore the price volatility, Not happy - do not invest. 
Simple isn't it ? Even when speculating you need to have some level of understanding which is totally failing for a lot of people. So what will happen is this people are clearly weak hands. Understand this, it's not about bitcoin being about to die or unusable, it is about whales with more liquidity shaking you off their tree and taking your money (which by the way is the only way they can make money themselves), and you gladly falling prey to the fud, donating that money to them because you have no fucking clue what you are doing investing here or anywhere else. Please, do yourself a favor, go invest in some stable stocks first.
@_date: 2018-01-23 00:13:28
Real-name system they say ? I wonder if they really think that is going to fly with the crypto user base ?
...Or maybe decentralized exchanges along the lines of EtherDelta will have their corners sharpened in around one (max two) year's time, and Government / banks are going to have jack interference in anything relevant ?
@_date: 2018-01-26 15:31:46
Big players are not in the business of "shorting" bitcoin for the sake of it - They are in the business of making money. 
What best way is there to make money than to short a bunch of uber drivers turned investors (on something they don't understand at $20k a unit) ? 
The level of support at the $9000 is too huge. They will long the market this time, so that they can both profit and inflate it again. Later, when it is inflated, they can short the uber drivers again.
@_date: 2018-01-23 01:09:30
It's taking quite a long time for tcp/ip to be replaced ;)
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:06:14
Guys, They are being taxed with "22 percent of corporate and 2.2 percent of local income taxes if they had an annual income of over 20 billion won ($18.7 million)".
Is it hard to understand this is bullish and not the other way around ? Government is trying to tap into a big sea of cash here, not shutting it down.
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:14:50
So I take it the good logic is that it needs to always go up ? Why do you think investments are measured on yearly returns and not on a day to day basis. Just stop looking at the price everyday and your problems will be gone.
@_date: 2017-12-31 17:43:21
It's so obvious a lot of people here have never done any other investment beside crypto. 
What metals do you hold ? What stocks do you hold ? 
If crypto is your only investment (as is apparent) and you react to the market you will lose. 
It's a zero sum game, and people with more liquidity will push you off the tree whenever they want to, which they are just doing.
Think any store of value (which bitcoin will be once market capitalization reaches the plateau), if they could just be replaced by the next big thing what would they be worth ? 
@_date: 2018-02-10 15:30:16
Bitcoin as a protocol for exchanging value with other people is working as intended. Give up the idea that bitcoin protocol will be the new economy's VISA. That vision is heavily flawed, it's more like SWIFT - but better than SWIFT (today).
People seem to forget the purpose of Bitcoin is to counter central banks ability to inflict loss of purchasing power upon the people, and not pay for coffee on-chain.
As well, Bitcoin as the unit of value that is transferred over the network is not really a currency in any way similar to fiat money, nor will it ever be, as there are too many incentives to hoard, like gold. 
All this narrative trying to play smart throwing around pretentious tirades about Bitcoin not being behaving like a fiat currency - not smart. It's bigger than that.
Bitcoin will never behave like fiat, but that's exactly what makes it good. The main challenge to it behaving like fiat is not network infrastructure or code, but incentives to hoard, and increasing value. 
As well, only people who still don't understand what's at hand want this coffee on chain role for Bitcoin - the new economy will see to it that people are exchanging tokens of value around transparently without having to care about what they are holding, and the definition of wealth will become more complicated than how many units of fiat one have, so the current behavior of fiat will fade into history books.