@_author: secretlifeofmoneysux
@_date: 2013-03-31 13:40:50
Thank you. I'd pass the bong to you if I could.
@_date: 2013-03-31 02:39:18
They never mentioned bitcoin once. They described the need for bitcoin without mentioning bitcoin.
Thanks to weed I typed out the entire end of the show for everybody to read if they want to read it:
The narrator is not quoted. I didn't type the names of all the people who talked because I don't know their names. 
Narrator: As our money gets more complex and expensive to produce, the question does arise, do we really need this stuff (cash) anyway?
"Cash is irritatingly analogue. It's dirty, it consumes a huge amount of resources to manufacture it, to move it, to store it, to redesign it; and yet, cash is skated by without much scrutiny for so long, we just love this stuff. I think it's time to put an end to that."
Woemann's strong views elicit equally passionate reactions. 
"A lot of people said to me that 'you're the head maiden to the devil, you're going to bring about the end of the world. Other people saying you're going to have to pry it from my cold dead hands. People go bananas.'"
Woemann believes cash facilitates crime. 
"Bank robberies, drug deals, human trafficking, and a variety of tax evasion. Cash enables all of that. When we start to look wider at the expenses the different government agencies have to shell out because of cash enabled crime, it becomes rather startling. No one knows exactly how much, because cash is anonymous."
Some people think it's dark side will actually be it's salvation. 
"As long as there is a requirement for anonymity in transactions, there will be a requirement for cash."
"Human beings like to do things that they don't want anybody else to know about. There will always be physical, instantanously, transferably, non traceable, currency."
Even those not doing anything illegal sometimes want to fly under the radar.
"If you sell me something that I pay for with my credit card, somebody's going to know about it, well at least the government's going to know about it."
"There are people in this country who would just prefer to be anonymous, would prefer to travel around and not have a paper trail of everywhere and everything they've ever bought, and cash does provide that."
Others rely heavily on cash too.
"There's a guy who plays at the station where I catch the subway every day and I do like giving him a dollar. I feel like the technical problem of bumping my phone up against his little electronic device that he puts on his case. We can solve that. I'm sure a lot of really smart people are solving that right now."
Mobile phones are an increasingly popular way to make purchases. By some estimates, mobile payments in the US are projected to gross 214 billion dollars by 2015.
"I believe that the future of money is in mobile phones. I have US dollars, you have Ithaca hours, how are we converting? That's so confusing. And yet again, people say, 'no no no. With a mobile phone you can be converting these currencies on the fly and it's seemless.;"
The technology is improving at breakneck speed, but are we ready for it?
"It's hard for me to feel particularly nostalgic for cash. For me it seems totally reasonable for cash to go away and I'm basically fine with that." 
"You really feel that way?"
"Suppose you just get paid with only numbers in your bank account?"
"It already is."
"But there's something about when you put your card in the ATM machine and it gives out cash, I imagine this coming from some place that is my bank account."
"I'm ready."
"You're ready?"
"I'm ready."
"Okay." 
Despite all the debate about the its future, cash is still in high demand. For now at least, the dollars keep on flowing. 
Edited for spelling / content and I'll take tips for weed money: 17Ya5HcYUA9mDz9AGBJ3HUKjbLV7KSo3hT