@_author: securethruobscure
@_date: 2013-12-31 16:51:16
You make some **massive** assumptions that are fundamentally flawed in that.
1) Android (the base, things unmodified by the carrier) *itself* is immune to this already known backdoor, which isn't a given. 
2) The carrier has an interest in stopping the NSA, not helping (which is actively incorrect)
3) The NSA doesn't/can't/won't intercept international electronic shipments (also shown to be false)
4) The NSA can't install spyware after the fact via spoofing or remote trickery (which they almost certainly can). 
5) The communication *to* your phone is secure (it's not), via GSM or Wifi (neither is secure). 
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:56:52
The point I'm making is that the "security" you're referring to isn't true security. It's security through obscurity.  
I clearly know what the concept is, I named my Reddit account after it (ironically, I might add). 
The entire idea behind it is fundamentally flawed, it doesn't offer you additional security, just appearance of security. But in this case it's doubly ineffective, because there's no reason to believe these other sourced devices aren't already effected by the same flaws that you're denigrating mainstream devices for. 
Right now there isn't security in consumer-grade communications. The idea that there is is, frankly, laughable. The idea that you can get an extra layer of security by getting your phone from a Brazilian retailer instead of a domestic one is like saying you can prevent leaks on a submarine by adding an extra set of air locks when the submarine doesn't have a shell. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:04:02
Can you specify what misinformation you're talking about?
Basically, I'm stating that you can't assume you're safe because you're on Android and more than you can because you're on Symbian or Firefox OS.  
I literally named my account a shorter version of "[Security Through Obscurity]( so I'm familiar with the concept and how fundamentally flawed it is.  The argument "Android is better 'cause fragmentation" is fundamentally "Android lets you utilize the concept *security through obscurity*," not "Android is more secure." There's a massive and important difference. 
There are gaping security holes in the infrastructure surrounding cellular communications, if you use a cellphone that isn't independently secured (via local, secure encryption and unencrypted remotely via a predetermined key that you've verified the integrity of) your device is insecure, it's that simple. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 16:47:52
That would be remotely true if the communication to and from your device wasn't entirely done via standards that the NSA has cracked. 
So technically if you have the one phone that the NSA hasn't yet gotten around to remotely accessing anything you manually input into your phone hasn't already been accessed by the NSA.
However, the NSA has the ability to remotely ping/send information *to* your device over the GSM connection (or CDMA, no doubt), and enough knowledge about how Android works to remotely update or install a piece of software (easy via spoofing, easier still via known backdoors) that can then access even information you directly put into the device.
In other words: There is no advantage in this respect to android.  iPhones and Android phones are equally vulnerable.  The only two defenses are obscurity or non-use. 