@_author: secure-future
@_date: 2013-12-07 09:19:50
Wish we could get this to the front page, great advice. Take an upvote.
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:05:16
Thank you for the response. This is exactly how I feel. Only the owner should know the private key. The process in which we create this product is actually going to be much more important than the physical wallet its self. We are looking to build a type of CNC Machine which automatically uses a random wallet generator to create the etching. We then would like to have these metal wallets automatically sealed in Mylar bags to prevent x-ray imaging of the keys during shipping.
What we are shooting for is to completely remove the human variable from the equation. But you are right, the customer would have to trust that we are not saving the generated wallets. But what I can tell you is that this kind of start-up is not cheap. I go to school for networking and information security. I am licensed by the state of Wisconsin to practice security and have years of experience and trust. Both Bitcoin and security are a passion of mine, and I wan't to see everyone succeed. I believe trust can be earned, and I think there might be a demand for a trusted cold storage wallet product. And of course, doing something as sketchy as saving people's wallets would lead to the end of a career, the waste of an education, the end of my business, and possible jail time.
Skepticism is healthy, and trust shouldn't come automatically, but I am going to put my name on this company and I would never do anything to tarnish my family's name.
With that being said, I would ask you to think about trust and how often it works out. For example, although many of us do not trust banking institutions, most of us trust our bank tellers and its because for the most part they are very trustworthy people. They know your account numbers, your balances, your routing numbers, your social security numbers etc. but 99.999% of them would never use that information maliciously.
Trust is hugely important topic, especially in the security industry. If you can't trust your security company, who can you trust!?
@_date: 2013-12-05 03:52:54
If Coinbase would collaborate with COIN, it would be a match made in heaven. Do you guys see what I see? 