@_author: security_researcher
@_date: 2019-08-24 02:59:42
Hi u/cryptocomicon,
I have managed to get TimeLock to talk to my own network of fake nodes, although my headers are always being rejected. Since you mentioned variability of difficulty, that must mean that you are verifying proof of work, which is bad news for me. 
I implemented a basic proof of work bruteforce into my python script, but anything more than 4 zeroes at the start of the block hash takes far too much time for my block headers, which are generated pseudo-randomly on the fly.
I have been reviewing the code to verify headers, and I now think that you require 9 zeroes, which is outside of my computing power budget.
I will now try and see if I can get TimeLock to accept block hashes with 4 zeroes or less. 
Can I get a clarification on the start and end time of the challenge lockbox? 10/06/2019 is October 6th and 11/06/2019  is November 6th correct? It is just a little ambiguous since when I create LockBoxes dates are entered in the normal format of dd/mm/yyyy using your new date picker.
I'll let you know how I get on.
@_date: 2019-08-18 00:23:43
Hi u/cryptocomicon,
Thanks for fixing the lockbox creation function, it is useful to be able to make lockboxes.
As I mentioned before, I am having a look into the "TimeLock" mechanism. I decided to try another sybil attack, so I have been using all my spare time to try and implement the bitcoin protocol in python, and try and act as a bitcoin full node.
I currently have version, verack, headers, addr, ping and pong implemented. 
It seems you have hardened the protocol stack a lot, and I'm having a lot of trouble. It seems you don't trust seed nodes at all, and only use information from peers requested via addr.
I've been having a lot of difficulty with a bug somewhere around where you write the peer information or the block headers to disk, there is a null pointer dereference which causes TimeLock to crash. It happens exactly after I send the third headers from a peer node, and "Returned From BTC\_Connection\_ProcessIncomingMessages" hasn't been printed to log yet.
It only happens when TimeLock talks to my custom python nodes, and not for real nodes, so I suppose I have a bug in my code or I'm not implementing the protocol properly. I'm going to spend today implementing feefilter, sendcmpct, sendheaders and make some minor changes to version and headers to be more like a real node.
Since the TimeLock window is between October and November I will need \~12000 headers, but I have only been sending about 100. I will implement sending a header packet at the 2000 mark as per the protocol.
This is pretty challenging, but I hope I can make it work. But so far TimeLock isn't buying it. So well done.
This has evolved from a "casual hobbyist" to a "determined adversary" style of attack, since I have to put a lot of effort in. So, TimeLock is getting more secure with every release.
As for launching an exe from memory when you decrypt, remember that I can place a breakpoint right before you exec the buffer and dump the exe to disk, and then disassemble and debug it from there, so its still possible to unravel. But it makes things much harder.
I'll keep working on my sybil attack for now, and I'll let you know how I get on.
@_date: 2019-08-09 06:41:33
Hi u/cryptocomicon,
Firstly I just want to say that your new user interface is very, very nice! Well done, TimeLock is starting to really get some polish on it and it is starting to look like a nice product.
I downloaded version 2.1.1 and I can see that there have been some large changes under the hood too. Some things have gotten more streamlined and less complex, which is great to see, hopefully it is easier for you to work on, and maybe I'll get slightly less confused.
I will start working on the challenge, and I will give it my best. You managed to keep me out last time, since I got very, very stuck with debugging and trying to figure out the third stage of decryption. I see that your crypto has changed in 2.1.1, but I haven't poked at it enough to comment much on it.
I will try another approach this time, maybe having another go at the "TimeLock" mechanism, since you probably want some eyes on that again.
I'll let you know how I get on.
@_date: 2019-08-24 03:11:27
TimeLock technology is actually quite well suited to software registration. You could place a licence key inside of a lockbox and an application can pull in a DLL and use a simple API to attempt to open the lockbox and fetch the key. If it fails, the application can't be used. 
The password and questions would be a reasonable attempt to prevent sharing, and would make sure that only the purchaser would be able to open the lockbox and retrieve the license.
You could try implementing it in your own software first. Create some licence files, which when placed in the TimeLock install directory would remove the 10kb file size limit.
Then when someone wants to unlock TimeLocks larger file support, you can simply make a Lockbox with a password, and questions asking the name of the person and place a license inside.
If that system works well, go ahead and make a DLL that implements TimeLock functionality that other applications can use, and see if anyone would try using it in their own app.
@_date: 2019-08-29 21:23:56
You can use a tool called TimeLock that has been created to keep your finds safe. I have been reviewing its security, and its steadily improving. It has a nice user interface, and its fairly robust and reasonably reliable. Recent versions are pretty darn hard to crack, and believe me, because I'm trying.
You can find it here: [
Also thanks =p
@_date: 2019-01-27 23:43:35
Hello u/cryptocomicon
I have finished writing the report. You can read it here:
Thanks for offering another 0.02 BTC for the report! I hope it is a good read.
And yes, for others who are reading this, if u/cryptocomicon did not provide the password, answers to questions or the time range, this would have been impossible.
The goal of these challenges is to make the timelock mechanism as robust as possible against attackers with knowledge of the password and answers. 
TimeLock is pretty secure as it is, but not against attackers with full knowledge of keys.
Anyway, I will continue to keep thinking about what else can be done to secure TimeLock, and as always, message me if you need anything.
\- Security Researcher
@_date: 2019-01-17 07:50:05
Hello, u/cryptocomicon
I have successfully completed your challenge, and the proof is this transaction: [
I just want to say that I am a fan of your software! Well done, but it needs a little more work, and I can help you with that.
I have your secret code and received the instructions to provide you with a detailed write up. Is it okay if I complete the write up as a blog post, along with an idea on how to fix the vulnerability? It is perfectly okay if you want it to be kept secret, as I understand the time you must have invested in making such a comprehensive application.
Would you be interested in chatting over skype / webrtc? I can show you how I found the vulnerability and then exploited it, and we can talk about it.
Thanks for offering another 0.02 BTC as a reward for documentation, and I will make sure I write up the process up well.
It's pretty late at night at the moment, so I will write it up tomorrow and send it to you.
To everyone else: the software is benign and wont infect your computer / steal your crypto. Feel free to give it a go.
Semi-anonymous security researcher
6bd77c5ccd4103fecdf13b5249743f06e393cd2833480eeab2db103179ed9bf8 
Above is an sha256 hash of a secret phrase. I will reveal the phrase in our next communication so you know you are talking to the same person. 
@_date: 2019-01-27 01:16:20
Hello u/cryptocomicon
I have successfully completed Challenge  and proof is this transaction: [
This was much, much harder than last time, but I still managed to complete the challenge, so you have not achieved perfection yet.
Thanks for offering another 0.02 BTC as reward for a write-up, and I will make another blog post, and will put a link here when done.
To anyone wondering how long it took, it took something like 20 hours. As usual, the path I took to complete the challenge took me around 45 minutes to discover, but still needed a lot of those 20 hours reverse engineering in order to work it out. 
Thanks for the challenges! They are certainly interesting. 
\- Security Researcher
@_date: 2019-01-18 00:36:00
It wasn't. I got 0.02 BTC for 4.5 hours of work. And hopefully another 0.02 BTC for the four hours it took me to write it up. See for yourself, I have posted a link to the write up in my other post.
@_date: 2019-01-21 02:54:00
I'm looking forward to seeing what has changed. I'll give it a go tonight, and I'll let you know how I get on. Can I ask what you changed or is this meant to be a surprise?
@_date: 2019-01-18 00:34:27
Hello again u/cryptocomicon
Sorry to keep you waiting. I have sent you a message using the form on your website, as you have requested.
I have written a comprehensive analysis of the vulnerability in TimeLock on my blog. Please take a look.
I hope it is satisfactory and is worth an additional 0.02 BTC reward. 
Any questions, email me. I am also happy to videochat with you if you wish.
Good Luck.
\- Security Researcher