@_author: see-bees
@_date: 2019-06-04 19:27:11
I'll have to figure out how to get my hands on it without resorting to yarr! Looks like Nassim Taleb wrote the intro and he knows a thing or two.
@_date: 2019-06-04 17:09:16
Sure, a deflationary currency should see a natural, gradual increase in value. But the holds, the whale market dumps, all the nonsense and games that go on create so much artificial noise that you can't see what is real and isn't. Hold behavior serves to artifically decrease currency supply, driving up the price. You can justify hold behavior because it makes you money in the short run but it isn't healthy for BTC as a whole. You want to lower the impact of whale dumps, holders need to transact in bitcoin, buying and selling, increasing the flow volume to reduce dumping impact.
Just because it works as a currency doesn't mean it works well. You should buy your sandwiches with it because what you spend your currency on shouldn't make a difference as long as you were going to spend that money anyway. If you really want bitcoin to work, you want it not to make a difference if you spend bitcoin or USD on that sandwich. Does that make any sense?
@_date: 2019-06-04 17:17:38
That's the problem! It shouldn't make a difference what you spend your bitcoin on. Holds just create artificial highs. If the currency circulates more, whale dumps will matter less. You call yourself strong because you're profiting in the short run, but holding really hurts actual long run adoption and you excuse your behavior because you think you'll be dead by the time adoption is viable.
@_date: 2019-06-04 13:38:31
When's the last time you bought something using bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-06-04 19:06:42
Who said anything about gold? What does gold have to do with the discussion we are having? It's a lovely metal, goes well in modern electronics, solid dental filling, it makes beautiful jewelry, but the value of gold and other precious metals was based on either the time and labor value it took to obtain or the irrational shiny basis. And if we're being honest, it was mostly the shiny thing basis. I have no problem with gold in general, but gold as money is crap.
@_date: 2019-06-04 16:01:54
Following that logic, you (and other hodlers) are going to keep hodling until the price stabilizes and I suspect that a whole lot of hodlers are going to dump at once because it now doesn't work as an investment vehicle. Large holds will only delay the time it takes for large scale adoption of BTC. Hodling is weak hand because it only inflates and prolongs the bubble. If you want BTC to happen, you've got to let it move.
@_date: 2019-04-16 13:01:44
Not really. It's a very specific word for a very specific idea and there's nothing wrong with that, even if it isn't normally in your vocabulary. It comes up all the time when people talk about economics and currency. Technical language isn't bad, just different if you've never been exposed to it before.
@_date: 2019-04-16 15:38:26
Really wasn't trying to be an ass there. But I'm on a sub that, when it isn't shitposting memes and "I sold all my BTC and got this awesome car, a hot wheels ferrari", is about a currency. 
I don't know what you do for a living, but every little job, trade, group, whatever I've ever worked in had their own little lingo. Engineers speak engineering, accountants speak accounting, waiters speak restaurant, etc. That's not very smart, that's life.
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:53:51
Can you tell me why gold is valuable? In practical applications, gold has been too soft to be useful for most of human history. You want to make something or kill someone, plenty of other metals are much more useful than gold. It's great in electronics but that's a relatively recent discovery. Gold has historically been valuable because humans all went "we want the shiny!".
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:45:04
I think you overstate "supply is limited" to a degree - while there are finite bitcoins that have been mined and are thus available for the market and the supply has been further reduced by seizures of bitcoin by law enforcement and other agencies and by people that have lost the key, people have had transactions as small as 0.00000001 bitcoin. The medium is much more divisible than a dollar.
@_date: 2019-05-24 20:53:28
I think what you're going for is that the more people run the full bitcoin node, the more difficult it is for enough people to collude and create a bad block that they can profit off of, and the net increase in users over time means that individuals can use the blockchain with more faith every day because the blockchain should reject a bad node as long as less than 50% of users try to propogate it. You can follow with but the more the price of BTC increases, the more incentive there is for corrupt individuals to propogate a bad block, followed by the statement that the more price of BTC increases, the more incentive there is for EVERYONE to use BTC and that more new users should download the good node than the bad because it had the pre-existing majority share.
Probably true, but underestimates the power of enough bastards working together.
@_date: 2019-05-24 18:37:59
What do you mean by store of wealth? With your other examples, it looks like you mean it as something that increases in worth over time. The value of $1 is not meant to grow in an expansionary economy like the US that has a growing money supply. 
If you mean as a store of value, the USD is a strong store of value. Yes, it fluctuates, but relatively little. It will buy you relatively the same basket of goods a year from now or 5 years from now, while bitcoin's value (at the current trend) will change drastically. That's great as long as the value increases, but that is not guaranteed.
@_date: 2019-05-24 20:10:11
Then please teach me. Because the way I see it, I always have incentive to spend bitcoin when I believe the price is falling to cut my losses and always have the incentive to hold when I believe price is increasing. The problem is that these same incentives apply to every individual, which creates a model that encourages volatile price fluctuations. That volatility makes BTC a bad currency. That's why we see BTC to USD rise and fall by 10+ percentage points so many months. I have no clue how much my bitcoin are actually worth tomorrow, a month from now, or a year from now.
This volatility also makes it incredibly risky for me to make a long term contract denominated in BTC. Let's say we made a contract in December 2017 with payment due June 2019. If I'm paying you, I came out brilliantly and if you're paying me then I'm getting screwed! That's just a year and a half. It isn't uncommon for large companies to make 5-10 year agreements in the business world for millions, even billions of dollars. Until BTC stabilizes, that won't happen unless you hedge the contract to something like the GBP, USD, or Euro. And if you're hedging that contract to another currency, that's the currency the contract is really in. You want to see bitcoin adopted, give large businesses more incentive to deal in BTC in long term B2B contracts, not just an immediate or short term contract. 
Also, what other applications are you referring to?
@_date: 2019-05-25 22:00:42
The tax work really isn't that complicated. It's highly detailed, but not difficult. Also, why would I pay you a premium as an employer when BTC had shown an overall appreciation? YTD appreciation is at 25% and you want a premium?
@_date: 2019-05-24 19:04:43
Don't you see the problem in that? As long as you have one large group trying to use bitcoin as an investment vehicle and another trying to use it as a currency, it will serve both functions poorly.
@_date: 2019-05-24 18:09:13
shhhh, don't correct the lazy person that just wants to use btc to buy shit.
@_date: 2019-05-24 20:37:15
Sorry if I wasn't clear - I was talking from the perspective of me as an individual, not for everyone completing transactions in BTC as a whole. I am aware of the contradiction that currently exists in the system and the problems it creates.
@_date: 2019-05-24 18:08:14
If you're in the US, the dollar is an overall predictable thing. You know what a dollar will get you and what you can get for a dollar largely pretty slowly. When most people see bitcoin, they see something that is scary and unpredictable - 1 btc was worth about $120 at the end of October 2013 and over $800 in December 2013. The value shortly dropped in half and didn't climb above $1,000 until February 2017. Bitcoin's value then exploded in 2017, reaching almost $20,000 in December 2017. One year later it was down to about $3,250 in December 2018, about doubled in value by April 2019 at a little more than $6,000 and has had another 33% increase this month to just over $8,000. 
If I'm looking to spend bitcoin, to use it as a currency, I have no clue how much the value will fluctuate from week to week or month to month. It's great when it fluctuates UP, but that doesn't always happen. I don't care about what "backs" bitcoin, I care about how severely the value swings.
@_date: 2019-05-24 20:32:25
I'm not an expert, but I do know a little bit and there is a significant problem with what you're saying. A Nash equilibrium assumes that all players are rational and that all potential outcomes are known. Look at the massive swings in the $/BTC exchange rate - does that look like all of the players or a significant majority of the players are rational? We're seeing swings of 10-20% a month. The closest thing I could come to of a reasonable/rational would be the % increase in spend compared to last month less the % increase in volume. Did we really see a 20% increase spend in May MTD compared to April? April a 10-15% MTD increase compared to June?
The problem with game theory is that early, two player Nash equilibria give us an intuitive and easy to understand model. Real ife is a lot messier and more complicated. But every single person that owns a single Satoshi is a player and BTC's current dance between currency and investment creates a prisoner's dilemma in which many spend/hold irrationally. It is easy to understand a prisoner's dilemma from an outside view, but people inside of them rarely act rationally. The whole concept of a plea bargain, where we get the PD from, has proven that fact time after time.
@_date: 2019-05-25 03:02:52
That's not what hard currency means. A currency is considered harder the more widely accepted it is. So if BTC is the hardest currency, you're telling me that if I have to spend $20 or its equivalent, BTC will be more widely accepted than USD, GBP, Yen, and euro. Really? 
And bitcoin's high volatility is what makes it problematic as a currency. That volatility is a massive barrier to widespread adoption. And I don't invest in USD - my investments are denominated in USD but the investments are a fractional ownership in companies. 
And whether or not you personally make contracts in USD, Euro, or GBP, people and businesses do make billions of dollars of in contracts. And a store of value is one of the essential qualities of a good currency. And no, every currency isn't a good one. BTC is better than the listed currencies, which are all magnificently shitty. 
And I had already googled it, all of the value adds I'm seeing are value adds to utilizing a blockchain system, not btc. I was never disagreeing about the value of blockchain, but blockchain is currency agnostic and you could adopt a blockchain system for literally any of them.
@_date: 2019-05-25 19:48:17
To me, that's the step you would need to take for BTC to appeal to the masses. Right now I see it as great for day to day short run use, but doesn't appeal in long run, binding contracts. 
There's a lot of rhetoric about why BTC is better than a lot of currencies out there, but despite their flaws, people conduct business using them as long run functional currencies for operations. 
The rising value of BTC is a natural function of it being a deflationary currency in a demand environment, as is the volatility that follows. Are we ever going to see this volatility behave in a more restrained or at least more predictable fashion, so it can be adopted for long run use?
@_date: 2019-05-24 18:20:58
I'll bite. What do I need to understand about game theory to understand bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-05-24 21:03:18
Which is only true as long as there are more good nodes operating than corrupt nodes operating in concert. If a group operating corrupt nodes ever achieves more than 50% control, the payoff is literally the entire market cap of BTC. Dump, exchange into hard currency of your choice, and run. Irrational fluctuations in valuation also greatly increase said incentive. Game theory only works when all players and outcomes are rational and known, which is not the case with BTC. I agree that it would be incredibly difficult to pull off, but it is nowhere as simple as you assume.