@_author: seekingheaven
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:49:49
Any law firm who provides Pro Bono legal representation against wrongful convictions and Family Law. Especially in Child Custody. I don't have an address or link as there are several groups who are actively finding evidence, mostly by means of DNA research, and could use a donation.  If chosen, I believe the simple act of acknowledging their efforts alone would inspire others to join the cause as well. Recognition by an actual Good Samaritan will truly show their hard work and dedication has been felt by normal people and not just by victims and their families but rather people who are unaffected but still choose to show gratitude by this great gesture you have offered to give.  
Thousands of people, not recent, but from 20 to 30 years ago, imprisoned wrongfully either by false testimony or malicious prosecution, are still in prison and await for a chance. Taken from a loved one, their family, their children, a wife or husband, their mother and father, and forced to endure a nightmare of being imprisoned never to be given a chance to live a normal life. A simple walk around the block is looked at as a burden to some, but would be taken by a falsely imprisoned individual without hesitation and would be so gratefully accepted with tears in their eyes at the chance to do this while we see no importance in this task. I speak from my room, with a nice warm bed and a blanket sitting here typing this, with my eyes closed trying to imagine what it must feel like. 
If not enough to be chosen, I offer you to consider another group equally important and just as honorable. Legal aid who provides Pro Bono, and legal aid to families who have been torn apart. Faced with the need to protect themselves first before being able to properly make a decision that will potentially affect children for the rest of their lives in a negative and traumatic way, to avoid responsibility for making the wrong decision, a choice must be made not by facts and evidence but by a possibility of what could occur if siding with the wrong side. In other words, who is the best liar and who well off enough to afford a lawyer to represent them. In family court, the party who isn't represented, will most likely lose. If you wait too long to file the proper paperwork, you give up the right to contest the other side possibly causing that person custody. I've personally seen people lose custody to their children once a divorce started. Along with that, a restraining order is ordered against you as well. Child support. Monitored visitation. Then we have CPS. People who don't know the delicate situation that is occurring are given authority to take children away from parents who have done nothing wrong.  One anonymous phone call is all it takes, in both situations to destroy lives. The people who have decided to represent these families in dire need of assistance, add these cases along to their regular piles of neverending paperwork assigned to them each containing a different case regarding child custody. These men and women who completed and earned a law degree, faced with student loans, and the complications of everyday life, choose to help others just as you are doing now.  This is among several topics that must be dealt with differently and rewritten that has been allowed to continue. Please consider these two groups that i have chosen. 