@_author: seemedgood
@_date: 2016-04-13 18:01:34


This is not the real reason behind the design direction chosen by Blockstream/Core.  Should their offchain scaling solution (LN) succeed, it will exert FAR more centralization pressure than modest increases in the max_blocksize.  While I have yet to see or engage in any discourse with Blockstream/Core officers/devs in which one of them demonstrates expert or even particularly nuanced understanding of economics, monetary theory, or the history and structure of present monetary systems, they are a bright group of individuals.  Many of them surely recognize the substantial centralization pressure that LN will likely engender and are apparently OK with it.  Thus, we would be foolish to take the "centraliztion bogey-man" argument at face value.  It's simply a red-herring.  
@_date: 2016-04-04 00:03:45
There are no accounts in Bitcoin, just UTXOs and a UTXO can be tied to its owner more easily than many might think.  And you can't hide UTXOs anywhere, they are all exposed to the public for anyone to see - no court order required.  You can hide your HD keychain in your brain, but the secure ones tend to be hard to remember, and the easy to remember ones are weak because we are poor generators of entropy.
@_date: 2016-04-02 14:48:29
The threat of node centralization is currently very low given the low resource usage of nodes today, and both software and tech are improving to address this.
LN is a modern banking system laid on top of the Bitcoin network. Payment channels only make sense for a large hub and spoke system and LN hubs become more efficient as a function of size and capitalization. If you think mining centralization is a threat to censorship resistance, wait until you see the LN hubs.
LN presents a much greater threat to decentralization than larger blocksizes.
@_date: 2016-04-04 04:58:52
SN was Snowden type careful man, and also like Snowden, prolly a spook.  Bet he designed Bitcoin for payments to covert operatives and then released it into the wild to give the payments network a good cover.
@_date: 2016-04-11 21:43:00
LN is essentially a modern banking system without the fractional reserve part yet.  Channels need capitalization.  As such, it will behoove users to keep one or two large near permanent channels that they treat like checking accounts with large well capitalized hubs that will have many channels with other individuals and all the other large well capitalized hubs.  The hub efficiency (and channel attractiveness to individuals) will effectively scale with capitalization, much like banks do.  These hubs will be big fat juicy targets for regulators and regulatory censorship.  Voila, we have morphed Bitcoin into another version of our modern banking system.   
@_date: 2016-04-04 02:15:04
Don't ever use fiat exchanges, don't publicly attach a bitcoin address to any version of your identity, use encryption when sending addresses privately, don't use mobile wallets, don't use SPV wallets unless you're pointing to your own full node, always route through Tor, don't reuse addresses, move your money regularly and randomly, use multiple wallets, enable coin control, et cetera.
@_date: 2016-04-03 21:44:36
@_date: 2016-04-21 16:09:46
You mean Monsanto, Pfizer, and GSK's government relations department?
@_date: 2016-04-03 16:46:23
1.  Prior to your presentation send an email asking each of the jury members to install a wallet on his/her phone and give them the links to do so. 
2.  At the beginning of your presentation tell the jury that you'd love for them to see just how easy Bitcoin is to use first hand, walk up to each member of the jury who installed the wallet and give them .025 BTC.  Note that it would be even flashier if you can send to multiple addresses simultaneously from your wallet. 
3.  Say a quick prayer that blocks aren't full.
4.  Explain that it would have been just as easy and fast to send $1mm worth of BTC to China, and it likely would have cost far less than $5 (if blocks aren't full).
5.  Ask them to imagine the implications for all the unbanked people in the world with cell phones (and have the estimated number of those people handy) many of whom currently pay as much as 20% to receive remittances from relatives working abroad.
6. If you live in a city with a restaurant that takes bitcoin, suggest that the jury members use the bitcoin you just gave them to buy lunch at that restaurant.  If not, give them all a link to purse.io and tell them to buy that one last CD that they have been wanting or AA's book "Mastering Bitcoin" for a 20% discount because they're using bitcoin.
Job done, jury bribed. 
@_date: 2016-04-04 01:19:39
Tor network pseudonymity is defeatable by large malicious exit nodes, the equivalent of which would be the large and easily censored LN hubs that will likely be the most efficient "routers" in an LN implementation.
Edit: And who is most likely to be able to run large well capitalized LN hubs each with a plethora of channels to people making regular payments one way or another?  Banks.  Yay!  
@_date: 2016-04-10 14:30:31
Perhaps he should try running one of the alternative clients. 
@_date: 2016-04-14 11:21:35
So with your 1 BTC hub connected to some other guy like you with a 1BTC hub, what happens when you want to buy a set of tires and lunch while the shop is putting them on?
You either have to open a new channel with somebody else or pay on the blockchain.
Hubs need to be well capitalized in order to achieve significant scaling benefits, just like the inventors said.
@_date: 2016-04-03 23:39:14
Thank you Sir!  I'll be sure to pass it along.
@_date: 2016-04-03 23:54:52
Yeah - it's a half decent half step, and maybe the best that can be done with Bitcoin, but ultimately more is needed as tracing the fact that there was a payment from x to y may be all that's required to effectively censor, even if the amount is obscured.
And centralization of LN hubs and the attendant loss of censorship resistance may make obscurity of onchain settlements a moot point anyway.      
@_date: 2016-04-26 23:57:15
The mid 20th century fascist governments were all socialist, and aligned themselves ideologically with the left-wing socialist tendencies in American politics at the time.  Both Hitler and Mussolini were admirers of Roosevelt's economic policies and governmental expansions. Remember, big government philosophy is left-wing, and fascist dictatorships are the ultimate expression of big government philosophy. 
@_date: 2016-04-06 21:59:02
There will be plenty of centralization.  The channels each require capitalization.  If you want efficient routing hubs (ones with lots of long term channels) then the hubs will need to be well capitalized.  The better capitalized they are, the more channels they can maintain and those channels can have longer duration and more capacity.  When your efficiency depends on capitalization (rather like mining) that will tend towards centralization.  There will be as much centralization pressure for hubs as there has been for mining, maybe more.  Certainly there will be significantly more centralization pressure than there would be by increasing the max_blocksize.  It will be more dangerous centralization as well because capitalized routing hubs will be big fat juicy targets for regulators, much more so than a server rack and a fiber line.  Now certainly the scaling benefit will be substantially larger than max_blocksize increases, orders of magnitude larger.  But let's not delude ourselves into thinking that that benefit will come without considerable centralization.   
@_date: 2016-04-02 13:29:37
Bitcoin was designed to be global money that combines the creation, payment, settlement, storage, and record keeping functions of a monetary system into a single protocol executable by the individual users in order to allow a decentralized autonomous network to replace the banking hegemony.
Unfortunately, it doesn't currently appear to be headed in that direction as the developmental oligarchy in control of the protocol wants a smart contracts settlement layer. 
@_date: 2016-04-27 00:08:17
Alternatively, you could consider the supply cap ( as providing you interest. As the economy grows, the total number of Bitcoin remains the same, making the Bitcoin you hold more valuable. 
@_date: 2016-04-14 18:13:58
Regulation is always a blessing for the minority interest that controls it and a blow to everyone else.
That's rather the whole point of regulation.
@_date: 2016-04-27 07:22:16
Gold has been a much worse store of wealth since it's demonetization.  Were gold still the global unit of account and means of exchange it would have vastly more buying power today than it does. 
@_date: 2016-04-04 03:34:21
It will allow for many transactions denominated in bitcoin that are netted and then eventually settled with a Bitcoin transaction, but it will do so over a network that is likely to become highly centralized in a way that is very similar to the fiat baking system and potentially just as susceptible to censorship. 
@_date: 2016-04-01 19:14:48
...and then we would have large group dictatorship. Yay!
@_date: 2016-04-11 16:28:51
It most certainly won't if we turn it into a high-value transactions and settlements only layer.  Nor will it if we layer a banking system on top of the Bitcoin network but just call it the Lightning Network and call the banks LN Hubs.
@_date: 2016-04-03 16:13:30
1.  Explain to your parents that the USD and EUR are used in the vast majority of the world's illicit trade including drugs, sex trafficking, gun-running, money-laundering, terrorist finance, extortion, kidnapping, bribery, et cetera.  Given that, they should probably stop using USD and/or EUR lest they be associated with such activities.  That's how ridiculous their argument is, but even if they are unable to see that logic you may wish to...
2.  Explain to your parents that one of the nice things about Bitcoin is that it would be extremely difficult for your potential employers to ever know that you used it if you take some simple precautions to preserve your privacy, which is not the case for credit cards (which can also be used to buy drugs, etc). That's a feature, not a bug.
@_date: 2016-04-02 14:34:49
Who says we have to pick one right now?
The guys selling the off chain solutions, that's who.
And what makes it even worse is that the offchain scaling solution currently being pitched by the tech salesmen is a roadmap to centralization - and it's a road any student of monetary history will recognize that we've already been down with gold. 
@_date: 2016-04-22 14:04:33
We are discussing the ability of the Federal government to legislate as to what individuals may or may not ingest.  So, yes, a constitutional amendment was required to make alcohol illegal, and it didn't work out well.
@_date: 2016-04-13 22:37:52
The more well capitalized the miner the more he can optimize his tech and physical plant, and the more efficiently he mines, so mining scales with capitalization.
Similarly, the more well capitalized the hub, the more channels it can have for longer duration, and the more efficiently it will route, so LN hub routing scales with capitalization.
When an industry scales with capitalization, it will tend to centralize. 
@_date: 2016-04-13 14:58:27
Coinbase and Gemini are definitely going to ask for the same stuff.  
You just have to get used to the fact that your government feels like it needs to know how much money you have and where it is. 
@_date: 2016-04-02 17:55:34
That's not most of what banks do that's detrimental, not by a long stretch.
The core function of the modern banking system is it's most harmful function - cartelized monetary creation via pyramided lending.
That core and most harmful function of banks would not even be possible under the current structure of Bitcoin.  It would, however, become more possible if Bitcoin continues along its current development trajectory towards separating the settlement function from the payments function (much like what happened with the gold standard).
Edit:  And without the ability of the banking cartel to control the monetary creation function, governments would have no ability to bail banks out short of politically untenable taxation anyway. 
@_date: 2016-04-13 14:18:32
He's right.  Bitcoin will never become a reserve currency for the major central banks.
Bitcoin itself (or at least the pre-Blockstream version of Bitcoin) is antithetical to the existence of central banks.  If we are able to shed Blockstream/Core and Bitcoin is thus able to grow enough to fulfill its potential, then there will be no central banks to hold reserves and even the notion of central bank reserves will be laughably anachronistic.
@_date: 2016-04-12 03:50:43


...like stealing your excess productivity.
@_date: 2016-04-03 21:24:45
What is legal today can easily be made illegal tomorrow.  The more you support censorship and prohibitions on what is "illegal use" today, the easier you make it for a corrupt actor to censor your use tomorrow.  Consider that well. 
@_date: 2016-04-02 14:28:17
If by "foundations of society" you mean the global banking system, hopefully so - if we can manage to decentralize Bitcoin development. 
@_date: 2016-04-14 02:25:32


Exactly you will have one or two lightening connections likely to large hubs (Amamzon, Walmart, etc) that will effectively act like bank accounts for you and route you to everyone else via one to three hops.  And it can only be three hops or fewer if large hubs are central to the routing


Also true, note Google, Apple, the ISPs, etc.  Also note that this is how our banking system works today, that is with a relatively complex routing system between the hubs and end users maintaining channels with those hubs based on their capitalization. 


Yes, and that "someone else's" hub will effectively be their bank.  And the larger the hub the more efficient the routing will be.  Why?  Because the channels require capitalization and the more heavily capitalized any hub is the more channels it can have and the larger they will be (capacity) and the longer they will be open.  So, as an end user, to maximize your own efficiency you're going to want to choose well capitalized hubs for your one or two channels so that you can push or pull as much BTC as you'd like, and it will be even better if capitalize your one or two channels as you would your checking account since you're best served by a channel to a provider who can leave them open for long duration anyway.  And this is from whence the scaling benefit comes.
Actually, it's your view that is simplistic, and somewhat naive as well. 
@_date: 2016-04-14 11:39:47
He neither said, nor implied "zero risk by design."  He said "no customer funds were ever at risk, by design."  That's a substantially different statement.
It's fallacious to misstate someone else's statement and then critique them based on your own misstatement. 
@_date: 2016-04-05 20:44:36
Though he is clearly an impressive code-master, familiarity with economics, monetary theory, and the history and structure of monetary systems is neither particularly deep nor particularly extensive.  He did after all claim that our current fiat monetary system is democratically run.
If you're hanging your hat of understanding on his arguments concerning such, that would explain the kiddie pool platitudes and lack of substantive argument found in what you have contributed to this thread thus far.
But, just for fun's sake, I would still be interested in seeing your brief summation of his arguments explaining how establishing a network of LN nodes which scale efficiency with capitalization very much like a banks would be less centralizing and more censorship resistant (particularly given the capitalization requirements) than increasing the blocksize to even 8GB.
If you don't know, just say you don't know. 
@_date: 2016-04-03 21:59:35
1.  I run a total of 5 full nodes now from my house with a fairly standard cable broadband line.  Three of those run simultaneously on an 8 year old computer that I bought for $175.  I am a bit of a nerd, but only really a half-assed one and only nerds run full nodes these days anyway.
2.  There's a guy setting up a mining operation in Ghana.  Not every place will be able to handle full nodes, but enough will, and that's OK.  US broadband access is about as crappy as it gets in the developed world and again, I'm running 5 full nodes (3 of which are always up) on my one crappy $50/month broadband connection at the same time as I have a house full of bandwidth hogs streaming Netflix (which BTW is FAR more bandwidth hungry than a a full BTC node with a 2MB max blocksize) and music, and sometimes even stuff they REALLY shouldn't be streaming.
3.  As far as what would really constitute a centralization magnet, just review what happened when we converted gold from a P2P payments layer to a settlements layer because it was too cumbersome to scale at the fundamental level.  TL;DR: We got our modern fractional reserve banking system layered on top of the gold standard for the common folk to use to buy coffee with since gold was really only good for high value transactions and interhub (read interbank) settlements.  Yeah, exactly what LN proposes.  We lost the gold standard.
Correction: My broadband costs $59/month.       
@_date: 2016-04-20 13:41:48
Uh, this is a Bitcoin forum.
You may wish to try @_date: 2016-04-12 03:35:08
1.  ...and this point is an even greater example of centralization and censorship fragility than the point that I made.
2.  For an historical example, review the growth in centralization of the banking system (and it's attendant regulatory/censorship effects) when gold was transitioned from an everyday P2P payment system to a banking settlement backbone with some reserve for large individual transactions.
3.  If onchain scaling was given the same focus as the offchain solutions than you would be correct in stating that Bitcoin would lose no decentralization by layering LN on top of it.  OTOH, when you artificially limit the max blocksize  to push transactions offchain and into more centralized solutions by means of price controlling the transaction market you are precisely undermining Bitcoin's decentralization and censorship resistance.   
@_date: 2016-04-03 21:27:33
...but not for long if development stays centralized and we keep morphing it into a settlements and high-value transactions only layer.
@_date: 2016-04-07 00:14:03
Except small hubs will be extremely inefficient. Imagine having to have (and capitalize) channels for every counterparty. This only works if a channel = bank account where you capitalize one or two channels at very large hubs with lots of bitcoin.  Those hubs will route you to everyone else via their large hubs. This is a modern banking system layered on Bitcoin. It is designed to replace decentralized P2P
@_date: 2016-04-07 01:29:01
@_date: 2016-04-14 23:54:18
But not tires and lunch simultaneously, which is why you'll better capitalize your channels with better capitalized hubs (ie the banking model) and why hubs become more efficient with capitalization - which was my original point.
Oh, and people generally don't like to lock money into constrained use accounts unless they're getting paid something in exchange for constraining the use (to lunch only in your example) - also similar to the banking model.
As we delve deeper into this back and forth the similarities with the banking model just keep cropping up.  Imagine that!
@_date: 2016-04-24 13:53:58
1. Central banks wake up and see Bitcoin as the existential threat that it is and sick the government dogs on it.
2.  A private for-profit company garners control of the development process and starts changing the protocol to suit its business plan with little to no regard for fundamental design elements that keep Bitcoin decentralized and censorship resistant.
3.  The underlying cryptographic security is compromised.
4.  The developers in control of the repository have malicious intent (or just screw up).
5.  The internet goes down.
6.  And so on...
@_date: 2016-04-14 11:49:20
Assuming that you're a native English speaker, I'd have to take that last comment as disingenuous, particularly since you parsed at least part of the difference in your original statement. 
@_date: 2016-04-28 17:21:34
Bitcoin actually is fairly user friendly if you're using the right software for you.  It just happened that you picked perhaps the least user friendly wallet on the market.  Armory is/was an advanced wallet for advanced users who have substantial security needs and know what they're doing. As you have discovered, newbs can get into trouble with it.
I would:
1.  Download Electrum
2.  Copy the private key to the Armory address that has your BTC
3.  When opening Electrum for the first time choose to Import private keys rather than starting a new wallet and paste your Armory private key to the Electrum wizard
This will allow you to control the Armory generated address from Electrum, and you don't have to wait for the blockchain to download. Note that if you do this and later generate a full Electrum wallet, the Armory generated address will not be "backed-up" with your Electrum wordlist, because Electrum didn't generate that address from your wordlist.  One way to clean everything up is to send your BTC to a good mobile wallet (Breadwallet if you have an iPhone) from Electrum, remove Armory and electrum altogether, and then do a fresh install of Electrum and set up a new wallet with a wordlist for backup.
Edit: If you still want to run a full node wallet, I would redownload the Bitcoin client (and you have a choice of 3-4 versions from which to choose), let it sync for a day or two, then download mSigna and use that. It's secure, but far more user-friendly than Armory, but does have fewer advanced features. 
@_date: 2016-04-04 04:33:09
Fair enough, but traceable money is police state money. Police states catch corrupt politicians too, probably even more frequently than free states. Still, I wouldn't wish police state money on anyone, lest it be forced on everyone.
Aside from a centralized dev team this is one of the biggest areas that need fixing in Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-04-21 16:13:48
And those "police powers" are constitutionally restrained, and the constitutional restraints apply to the states as well.
@_date: 2016-04-28 06:05:41
It'd be hard to hire those guy with an irrelevant US$.
@_date: 2016-04-04 04:38:34
Nah, it's because US politicians have a better corruption racket right here at home.  They have no need of foreign entanglements to hide the proceeds of illicit influence pedaling when it's all legal and out in the open right in our front yard. 
@_date: 2016-04-14 03:09:09
You're not thinking about what you're saying.  And you're confusing the hubs with the channels.  If you're only going to connect to one or two hubs you're going to want it to be a well capitalized one so that you can push/pull as much Bitcoin as you want whenever you want.
Yes, I get that there will be multiple hops.  There are multiple hops now when you pay someone with your debit card.  That does not preclude the efficiency in reducing hops.  Nor does it preclude the common sense of choosing your one or two hubs based on their capitalization (or the better efficiency they can offer you if they are well capitalized).
The inventors of LN didn't suggest that hubs will need to be well capitalized for no reason.    
@_date: 2016-04-14 01:07:24
Just because you want to run a hub with 1 BTC doesn't make it efficient.  You certainly won't have any long duration, well capitalized channels.  That might work for (extreme) micro payments though.  
And a proliferation of 1BTC hubs definitely doesn't make for efficient routing and massive scaling.  Consider that if every person has a channel to each entity with which they transact, then the scaling benefit is minimal unless they transact with a particular entity very frequently.  The whole point to LN is to develop centralized hubs because the inter-hub routing is what will create the more significant scaling efficiencies.   
It will be efficient for the likes of Walmart and Amazon to run their own hubs, and they will likely set up hubs which will act like their own banks, and they will no doubt offer their customers channels/accounts to increase their routing efficiencies.  Other financial services will likely follow.  In essence these hubs will be banks.
This was actually cursorily discussed at the SF dev conference where JP and TD introduced LN.  It was brought up as a concern that was admitted to be valid, but waved off because the devs had not considered it.  For your own better understanding, you may wish to review that talk and then give it some more thought.  As you consider the implications of the this scaling path, it would help to have some familiarity with our current banking system framework (and its development) as that might allow you to better understand the similarities.
When watching the video note the following:
1.  JP assumes that network participants will maintain 2 channels/year in his scaling analysis and directly compares the channels to bank accounts (approx) 34:20
2.  TD states that operators will be incentivized to run hubs because they will be able to map transactions and that transaction data is valuable.  That fact alone will create centralization pressure.  Also note that he directly compares this hub data collection incentive to what AmEx does as part of its business model (approx 41:55)
3.  When discussing hubs TD suggests 2 intermediaries between end users (similar to today's banking system) and then directly compares the intermediaries to payment processors.  Both TD and JP continue to discuss the business case of the intermediary hubs (approx 50:27)
4.  When asked about hub capitalization and throughput TD responds "...they need a bunch of money."  Both he and JP go on to admit that they hadn't really put a lot of thought into it but that the capitalization requirements for efficient hubs would likely be significant (52:35)
Edit:  As part of TD's answer to the question about hub capitalization, TD suggests that those folks with thousands of BTC (and he specifically uses the figure 20,000) would be incentivized to create hubs because bitcoin is a bearer asset and as such doesn't earn natural interest.  You will note the recognition by both TD and JP that efficient hubs will likely need to be significantly capitalized.  And again, as with mining, when a business model scales with capitalization, it will tend towards centralization.  Since even the inventors of LN suggest that efficiency scales with capitalization, one would not be clutching at straws to presume that the network will likely have a significant centralization effect.    
 
     
@_date: 2016-04-28 14:50:17
From Wikipedia (emphasis mine):
The National **Socialist** German **Workers' Party** (German: About this sound **Nationalsozialistische** Deutsche **Arbeiterpartei** (help·info), abbreviated NSDAP), commonly referred to in English as the Nazi Party (/ˈnɑːtsi/), was a political party in Germany active between 1920 and 1945 that practised Nazism. Its predecessor, the German **Workers' Party** (Deutsche Arbeiterpartei; DAP), existed from 1919 to 1920.
...Mussolini was the leading member of the **National Directorate of the Italian Socialist Party (PSI)**.[5] Prior to 1914 **he was a keen supporter of the Socialist International**, starting the series of meetings in Switzerland[6] that **organised the communist revolutions and insurrections that swept through Europe** from 1917. 
@_date: 2016-04-14 23:26:45
Yes, it is really basic stuff.  So I am surprised that in all your thinking about it, you never considered that a 1 BTC capitalized hub would be inefficient.
So, to buy tires and lunch, you would use a total of 3 or 4 on chain transactions through LN instead of just 2 the old fashioned way?
Alternatively, as you pointed out, you would better capitalize your hub to begin with (and presumably seek a a channel partner with a better capitalized hub as well).  Of course you would have to bear in mind that if either your hub or that of your channel partner remains lightly capitalized, neither would be very useful for routing anyone else's transactions, especially if they also want to buy tires, or pay their mechanic for a routine service, or go to the movies and dinner.
 
This was my entire point to begin with.  Hubs scale with capitalization.  Part two is that because hubs scale with capitalization they will exert centralization pressure on the network.  Do you want to argue that bit of common sense as well?
 
@_date: 2016-04-06 13:27:39
The banks are more powerful than their intermediates. In many cases their intermediaries are owned by bank consortiums like R3 anyway. 
@_date: 2016-04-12 03:53:31
Gold would be FAR more valuable if we hadn't turned it into a settlements and large transactions-only layer and if it were used for P2P payments today.  That niche we pushed it into has reduced its relative value by at least one order of magnitude and maybe a couple more. 
@_date: 2016-04-03 21:28:16
"Proper taxes?"  Since when is theft proper?
@_date: 2016-04-11 12:46:37
Cool, but the term "glass books" also implies fragility.  You might want to rethink that catch phrase. 
@_date: 2016-04-15 02:48:00
It may be if you can get away with it (the consequences of the theft have less utility to you than does that which was stolen).
@_date: 2016-04-22 00:09:04
No link here.
@_date: 2016-04-03 21:26:14
...one of which is total traceability.
@_date: 2016-04-11 17:23:53
And who would bear the blame if we make Bitcoin more like the banking system - it's a far more likely outcome that Bitcoin gets hijacked into a banking system by insiders than that the banking system hijacks Bitcoin using outsiders. Heck it's happening now and a significant section of the community is applauding the transformation. 
@_date: 2016-04-24 00:27:58
I suppose that depends on how you would define the "average" Bitcoin user.
Certainly as Bitcoin becomes more popular the "average" user won't likely run a full.
But businesses likely will as will any users that are especially concerned about their pseudonymity and security.  And that will likely be enough. 
@_date: 2016-04-28 21:52:46
LN will become a highly centralized payment layer, as likely will any offchain payment layer.  It will contribute substantially more centralization pressure than a modestly sized max_blocksize increase.  And at least technological advance can offset the centralization pressure caused by bigger blocks; there's no way to abridge the centralization pressure caused by a network in which the node efficiency scales directly with capitalization by design.  
The whole decentralizing power of Bitcoin comes because it atomizes the entirety of a monetary system's functions across all network participants.  As we have seen with mining, and like we will see with LN hubs, when network participants specialize in one of the monetary system functions because that function scales with capitalization, severe centralization results.   
@_date: 2016-04-26 04:35:12
**Cornell Professor Fails Reading Comprehension Test of ShapeShift Story**
There, fixed your title for ya!
@_date: 2016-04-28 19:43:08
Yes, but many of the arguments used to build "consensus" around transforming it away from a P2P payments layer into a settlements layer are similar to the current arguments - it was too cumbersome to scale well.
So instead of working on a way to scale gold, it was argued that gold should simply be abandoned as a P2P payments layer and used solely as a settlements and high value transactions layer.  It's almost as if the current arguments were just lifted from history - along with the "Bitcoin is gold" mantras.    
@_date: 2016-04-02 01:05:58
Nah, tyranny is tyranny.  And technically speaking tyranny of the majority is potentially far more dangerous if only because it has the slight veneer of legitimacy. 
@_date: 2016-04-16 18:37:19
Yes, only it's not the beginning of the end. It's probably more like fifth or sixth inning. 
@_date: 2016-04-15 02:45:13


If someone gives their wealth to someone else voluntarily, how can a theft have occurred (by definition)?
It seems to me that the rationalization of theft is most prevalent in authoritarian circles where involuntary wealth "transfers" are permissible if they are deemed by the legal authority to benefit some ill-defined "social good."  Only in those circles does one find moral inconsistency.
@_date: 2016-04-30 02:05:14


Bernie Sanders or Adolf Hitler?
How about these?


“Why need we trouble to socialize banks and factories? We socialize human beings.”
 "[We must] find and travel the road from individualism to socialism without revolution...”
"[My task is to] convert the German volk (people) to socialism without simply killing off the old individualists...”
“If we are socialists, then we must definitely be anti-semites – and the opposite, in that case, is Materialism and Mammonism, which we seek to oppose.” 
“How, as a socialist, can you not be an anti-semite?”
And from the National Socialist German Workers Party platform:


12. Since every war imposes on the people fearful sacrifices in blood and treasure, all personal profit arising from the war must be regarded as treason to the people. We therefore demand the total confiscation of all war profits.
13. We demand the nationalization of all trusts.
14. We demand profit-sharing in large industries.
15. We demand a generous increase in old-age pensions.
As for Mussolini, he created Fascism out of disillusionment with his socialist past.  He saw fascism as the ultimate expression of socialist values, as socialism itself was too soft in his view.
The fascists in both Italy and Germany came to power by usurping the revolutionary fervor sparked by the communists with what they considered to be a superior form of socialism.  Though they competed with the communists for power, their common enemy was capitalism and individualism (the right wing).
And here's one more for you from FDR:


-Franklin D. Roosevelt to US Ambassador to Italy Breckinridge Long
@_date: 2016-04-21 21:20:20
Article 3, Section 8 (not an enumerated power) and therefore 10th Amendment applies.
The question remains as to whether the power is left to either the States or the people, and I suppose arguments could be made either way, but unless you are a proponent of the "general welfare" means "everything" trope, then it's pretty clear that the Federal government has no role.
You will note that a constitutional amendment was required to make alcohol illegal.  And that didn't work out well.
 
@_date: 2016-04-15 00:19:31
No, not a replacement for Bitcoin - LN needs Bitcoin to settle so it can't replace Bitcoin - just a replacement for P2P bitcoin payments.
LN itself certainly doesn't preclude anyone from using onchain Bitcoin for P2P payments, but when you ignore/constrain onchain scaling and present LN as THE scaling solution, then you are starting to preclude people from using onchain payments.  And to the extent that you're doing that, then you kind of are restructuring Bitcoin significantly - if not replacing it.
Problem is (like I said in the beginning of this) that the restructure will be FAR more centralizing and potentially destructive of censorship resistance than the currently proposed onchain scaling.    
@_date: 2016-04-11 17:18:50
Yes. Generally, bitcoin refers to the monetary unit and Bitcoin refers to the protocol/network. 
@_date: 2016-04-04 01:13:07


Well because a lot of people think that Bitcoin provides strong pseudonymity and some even mistake it as anonymity, and are unaware of the sophistication of blockchain analysis technique.  I know that when I first learned about how powerful it can be particularly along with some fairly basic doxing, I was shocked at the extent to which one can be tracked and traced unless one takes specific precautions that many probably don't.   
@_date: 2016-04-28 18:35:59








...which wouldn't be possible if gold hadn't been changed from a P2P payments layer first into a settlements and high value transactions layer, and finally into a demonetized "store of wealth."
The pattern should strike you as familiar.  If Bitcoin becomes "like gold," it will have failed. 
@_date: 2016-04-12 03:56:10
...or you could just paint your own QR code to your own wallet on the side of the truck for next to nothing.
@_date: 2016-04-03 20:29:44
Making them use an web based wallet or intermediary service sort of defeats the purpose. Try Breadwallet for iOS or Mycelium for Android.  They won't have to "open an account" with any centralized service and you should point that out as a major feature.
@_date: 2016-04-03 21:37:01


Take your own advice on this.
I'd be interested to hear how LN nodes which directly scale efficiency as a function of capitalization will be less than significantly more centralizing than a larger max_blocksize which is, at most, only indirectly centralizing and then only at extreme levels.
I'd also be interested to hear how a heavily capitalized payments hub would be a less attractive and censorable regulatory target than a $5000 server rack and a fiber line?
You haven't thought this one through. 
@_date: 2016-04-14 11:43:26
Remember that other people are in control of Bitcoin.  And given the direction of development recently, your faith might very well be broken. 
@_date: 2016-04-13 21:51:47
The centralization pressure will be similar to that which we have experienced in mining. Mining was intended to be even more widely distributed among the network than running LN hubs. But like mining the efficiency of LN hubs scales with capitalization - even more directly and perhaps significantly so. When any particular enterprise scales directly with capitalization, it will experience significant centralization pressure. 
@_date: 2016-04-24 16:47:14
That's a fair point, but I suspect that much of that is because the merchants don't intend to actually hold the Bitcoin, but would rather have a fiat based account prcocess.  Should bitcoin become widely adopted, that will likely change as more businesses choose to keep and use the bitcoin they earn. 
@_date: 2016-04-03 00:28:31
Certainly your interest in these complex topics is well placed, but as you (hopefully) delve deeper into them you'll develop a more nuanced understanding of how our monetary system works.  Here are some areas to start exploring:
1.  The Federal Reserve is not a part of the US government.  It is a private organization, a cartel of it's member banks.  Like its predecessors (the First &amp; Second National Banks of the US), and like FNMA and Freddie Mac before they were taken over by the government during the last financial crisis, The Fed was chartered by Congress but is privately owned.  Unlike them, its ownership structure is secret, but it is widely believed that the largest current member banks own the majority of its shares.  The president nominally appoints the Fed chairman from a slate which he is given by the member banks, and ultimately if they don't like his choice, he is forced to revise it.  Obama was actually the first President to resist the the banks' selection our generation.  He was opposed to Janet Yellen's selection (and actually resisted choosing her) at first.
2.  Yes, inflation favors borrowers generally, and would be injurious to lenders in a hard money system.  However, if you are the party that gets to create the inflation the effect on your loan book is irrelevant.  The whole point to our modern banking system is to inflate the the money supply (produce money costlessly).  In a fractional reserve banking system banks are simply money producers.  That's what they do via the lending process.   When a bank lends, it is only lending a small fraction of money that exists prior to the loan.  The vast majority of what it lends is written into existence upon the creation of the loan.  If you have the ability to create new money with no marginal cost of production, then you will be unaffected by inflation until hyper-inflation destroys the value of the money altogether.  Since the marginal cost of producing a dollar is zero, in a free and competitive market the producers (banks) would produce dollars until their price (value) equaled that marginal cost.  Like OPEC, the Fed exists to control the aggregate production of money via a cartel structure in order to prevent any of its members from overproducing and destroying the market.
3.  Contrary to popular opinion, the derivatives to which you refer were not the cause of the financial crisis.  For more detail on what did cause the crisis read my comments in these threads:
 and   Derivatives in and of themselves are not harmful to an economic system.  And they are not deflationary (and deflation in a hard money economic system is a good thing BTW).  The fact that derivatives are used to cheat monetary production quotas handed out by the central banks is harmful, but the harm does not extend from the structure of the derivative, it extends from the structure of a monetary system in which money can be created with zero marginal cost.  Such creation is not possible in a Bitcoin monetary system as longs as all the functions of the monetary system remain integrated in the protocol and accessible to the individual.  The danger with the current developmental direction is that it seeks to disintegrate the monetary functions into different layers and the new layers may be far more susceptible to capture by centralized entities to exert censorship and control - as is potentially the case with the Lightning Network.
4.  You correctly identified the above referenced danger to the Bitcoin presented by off-chain markets which centralize the network.  But this danger would be made irrelevant if individual users have the power to bypass the offchain solutions and effectively ignore them.  Fractional reserve banking generally doesn't work unless individual are left without options to use sound money.  This is why it's vital that we focus on onchain scaling solutions as well as offchain scaling solutions rather than consign the Bitcoin protocol to just being a settlements backbone (as was done to gold).
5.  Smaller banks and credit unions cannot be trusted either - remember the S&amp;L crisis of the 1980s (or research it if you are too young to remember).  The problem is not the size of the banks, the problem is that the entire banking system is corrupt.  And it is corrupt because it's not a free market.  The monetary and banking system is easily the most regulated market in the world, and those regulations prevent people from exercising their rights to use whatever they want as money.  The point to cryptos is to restore that balance.      
@_date: 2016-04-03 20:53:53
Ha!  Yeah, it's possible.  Much more likely if block are full though.  After all, Bitcoin was never meant for small value transactions like this and this type of SPAM should be banned from the network anyway!
@_date: 2015-12-30 20:48:52
I have yet to read Nash on money.  I'll get around to it, but your quotes read like he doesn't get the joke.  He seems very central-authority minded and focused on attempting to create an analytic for "ideal money."  I find that a bit "navel-lint-staringly" myopic.
@_date: 2015-12-28 05:51:53
Again, this time I'll write in crayon:
One can logically deduce that BIP 101 will create network centralization based on the fundamental laws of economics.  It will raise the cost of maintaining a node which will reduce the number of nodes on the network.  That's just math (with a few basic assumptions that would be very difficult to dispute).
One cannot logically deduce that the increase in centralization will create a soft fork to "solve the centralization problem."  It might happen, it might not.  Certainly there would be several parties interested in doing so (and several parties who may not be interested as well), but while there is a high probability that it's technically possible to solve the centralization problem with a soft fork, it's certainly not axiomatic.
OTHOH it certainly is axiomatic that increasing the cost of running a node will decrease the number of nodes.
That's the difference between a sound logical inference and an unsound one.
And BTW, I'm definitely not proposing that block size stay at 1MB.  That seems foolish to me. But BIP 101 also seems foolishly overaggressive with it's arbitrary roadmap.  There's no reason to do that other than what I suspect was GA's and MH's real motive: to heat up the debate and force some action now.  and I respect them for doing that, especially at the expense of all the vitriol they're receiving.  Still, that doesn't make BP 101 the right thing to actually do.
@_date: 2015-12-28 00:13:07
While I agree with that comment, Bitcoin is not yet money in our economy and circulation would certainly help it become money.
@_date: 2015-12-25 04:28:58
If by best you mean "safest in the short run" you're probably right, but in the long run it's never best to pay extortionists.  They tend to continue extorting until you have nothing left. 
@_date: 2015-12-31 02:05:41
From what I can tell the vast majority of those proposing a block size increase don't think that it's either the only or the best solution for scaling, and many (correctly) don't even regard it as scaling.
Rather, they think (correctly) that it would be a good idea to do an increase NOW to accommodate burst growth potential with some headroom to protect against potential adverse effects of full blocks and bulging mempools while the community continues to work on real scaling solutions (SW and LN).  
Given the balance of risks as I understand them, a small blocksize increase NOW seems so fundamentally sensible that it strains the credibility of those who are adamantly opposed - particularly since I have yet to see a fully-developed sound logical argument why an increase to 2MB would be harmful to anything but an ideological position about what Bitcoin ought to be instead of what bitcoin actually is to its users.
When added to the vitriol and childishness (DDoS, censoring, etc) that I have seen mostly from the anti-increase side, the lack of a thoroughly presented rational argument based in non-ideological assessment of risks as to why we shouldn't do a small increase now has convinced this original anti-increase guy (who remains highly concerned with decentralization via low node cost) to change my original assessment and support a small immediate block size increase.        
@_date: 2015-12-28 05:05:46
Not investing at all actually.  Really more like placing a bet that Bitcoin has some probability of becoming a significant currency - which would be a very poor investment, but might be a very good bet.  There's a difference.
With some basic assumptions and BoE calculation one could surmise that the market currently values Bitcoin at a 100% probability of capturing about .015% of global reserve currency status.  Same number for gold is about 7% of global reserve currency status.     
@_date: 2015-12-30 20:15:50


I'm desperate to cash out of US$, as soon as I get it.  "Luke. it's a trap!"
That's why I'm buying bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-12-27 13:58:13
I'm not saying that "finite-ness" of supply is irrelevant for determining the value (or price) of various commodities.  Obviously it is relevant.
I'm saying that "finite-ness" of supply is irrelevant for determining what can make a good money.  Granted, conventional wisdom claims otherwise - see "leaves make bad money" argument.  However, the logic underpinning the "leaves make bad money" argument actually rests on the assumption that because a particular good may have an infinite supply it ALSO has a near zero marginal cost of production - and that is not necessarily true.  It is more accurate to set the presence of a significant marginal cost of production structure as an important condition for a "good" money.  
For example, if every other planet in the universe were made entirely of gold ore, there would be a (near) infinite supply of gold, but it could still make a very good money because there would be a significant marginal cost structure of actually producing that gold as money - and it would therefore be very difficult to counterfeit productivity with gold.
Note that the purpose of a money is to store and easily exchange/transport excess productivity, so when you create money without an additional productivity input (with a near-zero marginal cost of production) you are actually counterfeiting productivity and by doing so lessening the value of (stealing from) all other productivity that has been stored using that form of money.  On the other hand, if there is a significant marginal cost of production structure to whatever good you plan to use as money (no matter how plentiful it is) then the creation of an additional unit of that money will actually require a significant additional productivity output and the counterfeiting of productivity does not occur.         
@_date: 2015-12-27 22:00:50
The 21mm cap won't ever be a real issue for Bitcoin.  It might, however, become an interesting experiment.
If Bitcoin forks over that we'll have two competing currencies that are very similar except one will have a limited supply (and thus be permanently deflationary - assuming positive economic growth) and one will have an elastic supply.  As long as the new "unlimited" fork maintains the variable difficulty proof-of-work system for the creation of new money then productivity cannot be counterfeited and it will still be able to function as "good money."  Having two such "good money" currencies competing (a deflationary one and an elastic one) would actually be totally awesome for all students of economic and monetary theory, and probably quite good for the economy as a whole.
@_date: 2015-12-31 00:15:36
I get that, for this individual machine.  It's likely, however, that the company also has other outlets that buy bitcoin at some spread (8%?) off of the bid side.  That's what market-making is.
If you're a trader who's only showing an offer to one market at the half the spread, it in no way implies that you've cut the spread/fee in half.
@_date: 2015-12-31 18:55:16
Inequality is not the problem with today's wealth distribution.  Inequality is a natural (and necessary) part of life.  It's how we learn to dream, create, struggle, fail, improve, and succeed.  It's how society improves itself.  In a free and voluntary system inequality of wealth exists as a purely voluntary means of rewarding those who contribute more to the society as a whole, as they should be rewarded.  Who wants a world where everything is equal (see Harrison Bergeron)?  Such a world would require a nightmare fascist police state as well as the suppression of human creativity and the drive to excel.  We would all be equally poor and devoid of liberty.
The problem with today's wealth distribution is that it doesn't extend from a free and voluntary economic system.  So wealth is not just accumulated by providing society with things that it values most highly.  Rather it is coerced and squeezed out of people by threat of the use of force.
Bitcoin can help solve the particular case of coercion that traps us into using CB issued FIAT to store productivity which is then stolen by those best connected to the CB via both taxation and inflation.  That bitcoin has an unequal distribution is irrelevant to its power to free us.  The important thing is that it can't be produced at zero marginal cost and thereby used to counterfeit stored productivity.
    
@_date: 2015-12-29 13:59:40
That some, or even many, people believe the quantity of money units matters should come as no surprise.  Even the most "well" educated still largely subscribe to Keynesianism. 
@_date: 2015-12-31 04:23:35


Bitcoin definitely wouldn't be doomed if the large farms became unprofitable due to a halving (without a price doubling).  The less efficient large farmers would discontinue their operations and sell off their equipment, presumably either to more efficient farmers or enthusiasts who don't need the same profit margin to mine.
If there were a sudden drop in network hash rate because some big farmers shut down, I'd probably buy a couple of their rigs and garden just to break even or even at a small loss (convert $ into BTC without paying exchange vig or being tracked by my Nanny State).  So, would plenty of others and...
Bitcoin continues along just fine.  
@_date: 2015-12-30 20:10:16
Both of your possibilities are extremely remote probability states of 1BTC = $1mm.
Possibility 1:  All but the last bitcoin are lost - either 1BTC is worth nothing (high probability no use case) or an astronomical amount (low probability use case)
Possibility 2: Absolute no use case - millions of BTC available for sale thus 1SAT highly unlikely to trade for $1 
The high probability state of 1BTC = $1mm is that it has proven a viable currency in comparison to USD and the market has given it some degree of effective global reserve status (reserve now measured by individual reserves as opposed to CB reserves).
@_date: 2015-12-28 00:20:25
While the comment to which you refer doesn't make sense, I would suggest that the utility of the second depends upon the utility of the first in your statement.  In order for something to become a widely used medium of exchange in a competitive marketplace, it needs to be a reasonably good store of value (or more precisely a good store of excess productivity).  Note that I said in a competitive marketplace (for money).  
@_date: 2015-12-27 22:39:48
It is similar to Bitcoin, but in a way Bitcoin is even better than gold in this regard because the marginal cost structure is less subject to significant variance (read: new "easy to mine" gold discoveries) because of the difficulty adjustment.
Satoshi is very smart.  He understood both what actually makes a particular good a "good money" AND what people think actually makes it a "good money."  He built both of them into the Bitcoin protocol.
To simplify the marginal cost idea just think of it as the cost to make one more unit of the good once your factory is up and running.  It's a basic tenet of economic theory that the price of a good in a competitive market will tend/trend towards its marginal cost of production.  The obvious problem with FIAT is that this cost is zero - and thus the necessity of making sure that the market for goods to be used as money in a FIAT system is not at all competitive (an alternative connotation of FIAT is mandated).
I find it funny that FIAT also connotes cars that are always in need of repair and the associated phrase "fix-it-again-Tony."
And FIAT didn't mess up our understanding of money, a lazy and state "educated" citizenry messed up its own understanding of money by willfully ignoring the monetary shenanigans of both history and the present day.     
@_date: 2015-12-28 17:39:27
It seems like we're mostly on the same page with some small differences of opinion.
I would have believed that bandwidth development would outpace the BP 101 schedule a few years back, but as cloud usage has grown the pace of local storage development seems to have waned somewhat.  At the very least it has shifted to lowering the cost of additional speed as opposed to increasing storage capacity efficiency - and does so at the expense of server grade read/write endurance (see TLC NAND).  Add ISP caps and usage based pricing to that mix and I'm substantially less certain that bandwidth price declines will keep track with the BIP 101 schedule.
The single can kick with BIP 102 is more likely the best way forward for the time being; and once done implementation of SegWit and maybe possibly LN should follow immediately.  That should give plenty of additional headroom to really address the scaling issue.   
@_date: 2015-12-30 20:26:11
The debate between buying a coffee with BTC and reserving BTC for large value transactions is a silly red-herring.  A good money does both.
Many Bitcoiners are confused by that fact that BTC has an attached payment system and believe that one should preside over the other - but the payment system and the money itself can, should, and will (if left to free-market mechanisms) evolve in a state of independent co-operation.
@_date: 2015-12-21 06:41:07
The "finite-ness" of supply is irrelevant for both gold and bitcoin when determining their relative "fit-ness" for use as money.  What matters is that they have significant marginal costs of production - making 10 costs roughly ten times as much as making one.  It is the lack of a significant marginal cost of production that makes FIAT terrible money.   
@_date: 2015-12-25 04:19:00


@_date: 2015-12-28 05:08:38
No, but it would have to get pretty close to being the new one world currency to be worth $1mm each - or more accurately the market would have to be estimating the probability of its becoming so at near 30%.  
@_date: 2015-12-28 00:46:37






It doesn't need to be demonstrated, it's a(n extremely) logical inference:
Increasing the blocksize increases the bandwidth necessary to run a node, which in turn increases the cost to run a node, which we can safely logically infer (from the basic laws of economics) will reduce the number of nodes in operation, which must in turn lead to centralization of the network.  Since a crucial element of Bitcoin's resilience to censorship is the decentralization of the network, we can further infer that an increase in the blocksize will have a some negative effect on the success of Bitcoin.  Certainly we can speculate differently on the size of that negative effect and whether or not the negative effect of keeping 1MB blocks outweighs the negative effect of additional network centralization, but ignoring the negative effect of a block size increase is foolish.   
Logical inference is a legitimate form of argument.  Asking for a "demonstration of proof" as a means of challenging a logical inference is a poor means of refuting the argument itself. You can best refute it by challenging the logic of the inference.
Fire away...
@_date: 2015-12-31 05:00:09
Remember, Bitcoin doesn't need large ASIC farms with massive cost structures to work.  If they all went away tomorrow, difficulty would plummet and folks would start GPU mining again.  When the incentive goes away, mining will continue for available fees even if they can't support huge farms.  It'll just be more decentralized and less costly.
Isn't that a good thing?  
@_date: 2015-12-26 18:00:13
"...assuming miners make the same money and difficulty doesn't change."
That's a bad assumption.  Mining is a relatively free market ...in which case the large mining farms will shut down due to lack of profitability unless there is significant demand for high fee transactions and the network hashing power will drop substantially, taking both the difficulty and the cost to find a block down with it.  
With enough of a loss in hashing power/difficulty/mining cost, individuals would be able to profitably mine on their spare GPU cycles again and the system survives in an even more decentralized fashion.
The thing about free markets is that they're inherently pretty well balanced.   
@_date: 2015-12-29 14:14:01
Don't model BTC as the only currency. It won't ever be that. Any paradigm in which BTC is likely to exist successfully will have a relatively free market of money goods (the creation of which is rather the point of cryptocurrency). Thus one should expect that it is one of many currencies; perhaps the dominate one, but certainly not the only one. 
@_date: 2015-12-30 23:44:01
Let's be totally accurate.  The bid/offer comprises the total "fee" for market-making transactions.  It looks to me like you're charging about 8% PER SIDE from mid, for a total of 16% spread.
I'm not sure how that compares to other ATMs in NYC.  I do know that it's slightly better than the ones near me, but still atrocious enough that I'll seek out other avenues.  Clearly we need many more entrants in the market to get the fees down to someplace less than a face-rip.  
@_date: 2016-03-31 22:55:18
You run the one you think is legit and others will run the ones they think are legit.  That's the beauty of markets.
@_date: 2016-03-29 22:08:32
That would be the Blockstream/Core community, yes.
@_date: 2016-01-24 01:21:57
He's actually right. Most don't care because:
1. They don't know enough about Bitcoin yet or...
2. They think (like Jamie Dimon with good reason) that the governments of the world will act to protect the banks' franchise when they figure it out and...
3. The majority of bankers don't actually know how the monetary system works and what their real role in it is, so even if they did understand Bitcoin, they still wouldn't get the joke.
@_date: 2016-01-17 22:02:24
That distribution of costs gets evened out over the long term because all miners will at some point receive the "extra" fees (because if they don't, they will discontinue mining) and at some point receive the "extra costs" (because no miner will win the majority of blocks).  Given that they will all randomly experience both positions, they will all be incented to behave cost efficiently in the aggregate.
@_date: 2016-01-06 19:39:10
Give it a week and a couple of transactions with Circle.  They up your limit to $3k pretty quick and then it's fast without the Coinbase-like waiting while they "float" on you.
  
@_date: 2016-03-24 03:49:30




Government regulations are the only reason that the ratings agencies operate with a business model in which the bond issuers are obligated to pay for the ratings. 


 
The underlying for every deal was disclosed in detail.  The investors knew what they were buying.  What they didn't know was that the implied correlations at which they were buying the deals were unsustainable in a market sell-off




Don't believe the hype.  The long investors liked to have some of the higher spread deals in the CDO pools because those deals drive pool spread.  And everyone knew that there would be defaults in the pool - and likely of those wider spread deals.  The bets were on default timing of those wider spread deals and the ultimate default correlation of the whole pool, not on defaults themselves.
The long investors also knew that hedge funds were betting against the deals - aka hedging - (at one implied correlation) and going long the equity (at another implied correlation) and therefore getting to pick securities that were in the deals.  The equity tranche investors get to pick the collateral because they are taking the first loss position, and they like to pick yieldy names because they earn the excess spread after the more senior investors are paid off - this is why the bets were really about default timing and correlation.








Government blame-shifting.  Last thing they wanted you to focus on was Basel 2 regs and cozy relationships with Fannie &amp; Freddie.


The banking sector was then and remains one of the most heavily regulated industries in the world.  The lack of regulation was not what created the incentive structure that caused the crisis.  The thing that created the incentive structure that caused the crisis was the set of changes to risk-weighted capital requirements made in the Basel 2 capital regulations that made structured mortgage lending 0-risk weighted along with government bonds.  That weighting essentially grants banks infinite leverage when they make those types of loans and forces them to do so in order to stay competitive.  The US Government &amp; Fed lobbied for that risk weighting treatment in order to drive money into the housing and government sectors.  At the same time, the Basel 2 regs increased the risk weighting of corporate and structured corporate lending, creating further pressure on the banks to curtail corporate lending (on a relative basis) and pour money into mortgage and government lending (the politically favored sectors that increase government kittys and buy votes with cheap leverage for Main Street).
National Pinko Radio and the rest of the MSM never covered that part of the story because its dirty big government regulation laundry, and their job is to promote big government regulation.  And Micheal Lewis also left it out of the book even though I and others whom he interviewed were very explicit about those causes.  It just wasn't the "approved" storyline.     
@_date: 2016-03-31 23:12:09
There are separate LN transactions that get netted.  My entire point is that those separate transactions are not Bitcoin transactions and to call them such would be incorrect.
Why is that important?  Well, as they are not Bitcoin transactions we must consider the effects of not actually using the protocol for many or most of the transactions.  I think the primary harm is that transaction processing will likely become centralized in the LN hubs as hubs will require significant funding and the more significant the funding the more efficient they can be.  This starts to look rather like our current banking structure and may be just as easily censored.  That is effectively how we lost the gold standard. 
@_date: 2016-03-28 12:50:45
I think the idea was that it's becoming a legacy machine as BTC continues to lose market dominance and mind share to its competitors.
@_date: 2016-03-31 13:37:45
The net of the channel and the individual transactions which comprise the net may sum, but they are different things. Yes, LN does settle channel nets in Bitcoin transactions, but the individual transactions in the channels are not Bitcoin transactions as they are neither broadcast to the network nor recorded in the blockchain, rather they are some other form of transaction (Lightning transactions) which, like ChangeTip transactions, happen to be denominated in bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-03-30 18:23:57
As I recall didn't demand anything.  He just critiqued a lame excuse for poor execution.
And I know very well what open source means, which is why I am quite glad to see and quite supportive of development teams that diverge from the Blockstream/Core hegemony.  The future of Bitcoin would be in serious jeopardy without them. 
@_date: 2016-03-30 16:31:56
It's certainly not a Bitcoin transaction. It's an alt coin (in this case ChangeTip CreditCoin) denominated in bitcoin. When you withdraw from ChangeTip, only then are you getting bitcoin via a Bitcoin transaction, because they are doing the CX from ChangeTip credit to bitcoin for you. 
@_date: 2016-01-19 17:25:44
Under any free market system, the producers will always aggregate in areas that provide the lowest cost infrastructure.  And that's what's essentially happening now.
Trying to remedy that with additional price controls will only lead to further market distortions.  The only legitimate solution is for free competition in electricity provision to drive costs lower in the high cost areas.  
@_date: 2016-03-31 23:58:34
The whole world's major currencies all operate under the same oppressive regime.  We're no better off than the Chinese I that regard. 
@_date: 2016-03-31 13:51:11
There are 3 alternative clients from 3 different teams. Perhaps you should check them out before throwing them out. I've been getting significant bandwidth usage reduction from running one of them. 
@_date: 2016-03-30 19:24:56
When you find yourself responding to a civilly stated and logical post with frustrated ad hominem, it might be time to take a hard look in the mirror and maybe seek therapy.
@_date: 2016-03-30 18:35:30
Producing a competing product and releasing it to the market without the consent of a technocratic oligarchy is neither "a power grab" nor a series of "political campaigns demonizing the other devs."  It is very much a free market response to a technocratic oligarchy that operates via central planning and attempts to keep the community in-line (under control) via the dissemination of FUD.
For example, if the software is buggy, people won't run it and it's no threat.  If it isn't buggy and proves popular than that's the market telling you that it believes that the the competitive software will make things better for everyone.  You might, of course disagree with that assessment.  But the great thing about free markets is that you're free to disagree with that assessment by running something else.   
@_date: 2016-03-31 13:06:59
That reply is a non-sequitur. Or maybe it's just more difficult to understand what you're saying when you're shouting from underneath a bridge. 
@_date: 2016-03-25 15:43:49
Well living free is never easy in a society that is structured to enslave. Still, it is possible and perhaps less difficult than you might think. You can start by getting rid of direct deposit, getting your checks via snail mail and then cashing them at the banks upon which they are drawn. Banks don't like this, but they still have to honor them.
Ultimately though, it becomes much easier when you can offer your products and services directly to the marketplace and choose how you will accept payment for them.  It's actually possible to do so these days without involving banks on your end if your business is direct to consumer.
@_date: 2016-01-29 16:34:34
Not doing a max blocksize increase that even the inventors of the current best option for layering believe is necessary is a political act.
@_date: 2016-01-21 19:26:58
That's what a fee market with price controls looks like.  An actual fee market would have the supply curve set by the producers.
@_date: 2016-01-17 23:58:37
I have intimate knowledge of that cost and I don't want Bitcoin within an order of magnitude of that.  And realistically there's no reason why it would need to be if we let it evolve with free market principles.
@_date: 2016-03-31 07:59:53


Yes, LN nets all the transactions in a particular channel to settle in an actual Bitcoin transaction, but the whole point is to avoid having the individual transactions themselves be Bitcoin transactions (ie be broadcast to the Bitcoin network and recorded on the Bitcoin blockchain), is it not?
A Bitcoin transaction is by definition a transaction that is broadcast to the Bitcoin network and recorded on the Bitcoin blockchain, thereby becoming part of the immutable distributed ledger.  If the point of LN is to net individual transactions and not put them in the immutable ledger, then the point of LN is to create non-Bitcoin transactions denominated in bitcoin, net them, and then settle those nets in actual Bitcoin transactions. 


Adjusting the net of the channel does not turn all the transactions in that channel into actual Bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2016-03-28 13:06:54
The requested topic does not exist. 
@_date: 2016-01-11 16:31:16
I wouldn't store my savings (excess productivity) in USD.  The fiscal situation of the USG looks unsustainable to me.  And it looks like the only way out of the mess is an eventual massive devaluation of the USD.
Certainly, as noted above, any fiat currency based on a fractional reserve banking system with a central bank and government that prevents competing currencies will have the same issues to a larger or lesser degree than the US.
As for the USG sanctioned retirement accounts:
1.  These accounts are tax-deferred, NOT tax free.
2.  If you use a tax-deferred structure for savings then you are making a bet on your future tax rates.
3.  Depending on what your assumption is about forward tax rates it may be better to pay the taxes now versus later.  To determine this you need to calculate the benefit of the investment growth of the untaxed money and then compare that to the effect of your assumption about the forward tax rate - or you can use that difference to find an effective breakeven forward tax rate and deteremine wether or not you believe that breakeven rate is an accurate refelection of your likely future tax rate.  
4.  Given the fiscal situation of the USG, I find it difficult to believe that my forward tax rates will be lower than my current tax rates, and are likely to be significantly higher.
5.  You also have to consider that your investment options are more constrained if you are investing within a USG approved retirement savings plan and that your returns will therefore be lower (on average).  Additionally the USG could change the rules in the future which may further constrain your investment set (eg limit it to government bonds) and thereby substantially reduce your returns.   
@_date: 2016-03-30 18:45:48


If the transaction is not broadcast to the network and recorded in the Bitcoin blockchain it's not a Bitcoin transaction.
Are the individual transactions within Coinbase's private ledger Bitcoin transactions?  Are transactions within ChangeTip Bitcoin transactions?  If I set up a private ledger and promise everyone who transacts through me that I will net settle all their transactions on the Bitcoin blockchain at some future date are all the transactions that occur on my ledger Bitcoin transactions?  What about if Paypal does that same thing?
Like LN, all of those would be transactions denominated in bitcoin, but they wouldn't be Bitcoin transactions.
Edit:  Folks, historically speaking this is precisely how we transitioned from a hard gold standard through paper receipts for gold to modern fiat.  Don't get fooled again.  
@_date: 2016-01-28 15:08:08
I run 3 low resource "volunteer nodes" and am unconcerned about small to moderate increases in block size causing me to discontinue running my nodes for lack of resources because it really doesn't cost very much more to stick a used 2TB drive in any of my nodes than it does to have the 120GB drives that are in them now.  I'm also comfortable that over the next 5-10 years I'll be able to substitute the 2 TB drives with 5-10TB drives without significant cost, because we've got plenty of room to grow the block chain before it starts to get too costly to run a low resource node.  Which segues into your second absurdity...
There are very few people that believe that increasing the max block size is the answer to Bitcoin's scaling issues.  The vast majority of those who support a max block size increase believe that it is only one small but important step in doing so, and the inventors of the lighting network agree with that. So we are left to wonder why this simple change was essentially left out of the roadmap. Which brings me to your final absurdity...
Ignoring obvious potential conflicts of interest is the refuge of the "simple-minded" who don't get anything about business, capital, and investment cycles. Blockstream is a for profit start-up business whose investors put up their money to get big returns fast (that's the VC business model).  It's not a Bitcoin charity.  Suggesting that the larger community ignore that fact and simply trust in Blockstream's  stewardship is foolish. After all Bitcoin is supposed to be trustless right?
@_date: 2016-03-29 22:10:53
Well, at least they have the temerity to build their own private blockchains and settlements layers to sell to banks and corporations instead of hijacking ours!
@_date: 2016-03-31 12:41:28
Well blocks being consistently full implies that there is likely more demand for transactions that is not being met because we have an arbitrary artificial cap on them. When you're a business that's trying to grow your network affect, capping your output is unwise. When you're trying to become a money, it's deadly. 
@_date: 2016-03-30 17:57:31


Critiquing the outcome of a process is a critique of the process itself.  
Suppose you are a baker and your fresh bread isn't ready until noon every day and several potential customers suggest to you that you might do better business if your bread was ready at 7am and your store had two cash registers instead of one in order to alleviate the lines at rush hour.
Further suppose that you replied, "In order to make quality bread, it cannot be ready until noon and must only be sold at one cash register."
A specialist at designing food retail outlets might offer a general critique of your process by stating, "That's actually not true.  You can start baking your bread earlier and streamline both the baking and the sales process in order to produce equivalent or even better quality bread and sell it more efficiently."
If in response to that you replied,"What have you done for my bakery lately," I think the rational person would be within his bounds to believe that you are a fool who is likely to go out of business unless you actually produce either the only bread in the world or the very best bread in the world that no other baker could reproduce or exceed.    
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:01:36


No idea.  Perhaps will weigh in again and add clarity to his aforementioned objection to early-stage capital investment being involved in the development of new technologies.
I believe that a large enough group of VC's will have a diverse enough set of interests such that their involvement and subsequent influence will be somewhat representative of broader market forces - thus my post pointing out that VCs are likely of mixed opinion when it comes to the max blocksize (timing) debate.
However, I do believe that the community would be wise to pay close attention to the alignment of interests when one company assumes the stewardship of protocol development.  Even if one assumes good faith on the behalf of the company and its employees, it is a fair assumption that the company and its employees will have considerable difficulty being objective when potential conflicts of interest arise.  In the case at hand, the Core devs appear to be of the belief that Bitcoin should developed towards becoming a settlements only layer with additional layers and sidechains offloading at least the payments function (possibly others as well), which is only to be expected when the dev team is paid by a company whose objective is to develop and monetize layers and sidechains.  When simple changes that improve the payments function like raising the max blocksize become subordinate to more complex improvements like fixing malleability and to highly questionable "improvements" like "developing a fee market," one should not be surprised when the community-at-large starts questioning the alignment of interests.         
@_date: 2016-01-17 19:41:50
Agreed, my point being that maybe there shouldn't be an artificial cap on space available in the blocks, but rather a constraint that is determined by a free market (the actual marginal cost of the space)...
@_date: 2016-03-30 16:02:16
No, this has nothing to do with the max_blocksize debate in earnest.
What is being announced here is that Blockstream/Core has released a software version of the client onto the test network that has a specific set of features which will allow the larger community to begin developing an off chain scaling solution called the Lightning Network.
@_date: 2016-03-31 08:50:08


Not that I have done this scientifically at all, but every time I look at Blockchain.info these days the blocks are full (except the validationless-mined ones).  Either I've had a series of low probability "coincidences" happen such that I'm only looking when the "attacks" are happening, or more likely, the blocks really are full.  
@_date: 2016-01-30 06:01:09
...now that mining has centralized there and they have so much hash power behind the wall, but if the blocks had been big to begin with the hash power probably would not have centralized there in the first place. 
@_date: 2016-01-24 16:10:05
You can also offer a product or service and encourage people to pay with Bitcoin, this not only helps you to avoid fees, but it also expands the monetary network. 
@_date: 2016-01-24 08:57:43
Probably not actually.  Black market currency exchange in West Africa is pretty competitive, and the white market routes are ludicrously expensive and burdened with African beauracracy, and having taken lessons from the French and English, those beauracracies are no joke.  No idea what the Bitcoin situation is though, last time I was there was before Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-01-07 05:48:12
Why thank you.  CT is pretty cool!
@_date: 2016-01-19 14:28:59
Yes, the Bezos worldview is as thick with bizarre propaganda and chicken feed as the Murdoch worldview. 
@_date: 2016-03-31 12:33:09
Not in Bitcoin. In Bitcoin all the individual transactions are to be verified and become part of the shared immutable ledger.
I never claimed that LN wasn't more efficient than Bitcoin, just that while being denominated in Bitcoin, it's not Bitcoin.  It is important for us to recognize that.  We'll gain efficiency, but at what cost?
It will be difficult to know the costs until we actually see an implementation, but I would guess that LN will do far more to centralize the use of Bitcoin (as that is its purpose) and thereby weaken censorship resistance than larger max_blocksizes.  Historically speaking, we've seen this before in similar circumstances. Just this type of alteration to the gold standard started us down the road of losing it altogether. We should be wary of that so as not to repeat the same mistakes. 
@_date: 2016-01-12 02:42:47
Yes, it does solve the problem because banks can't create Bitcoin out of thin air (ie with no productivity input).  Bitcoin actually has a marginal cost of production, is produced in a freely competitive marketplace, and is not supported by legal tender laws and regulations restricting the use of competing currencies.  When Bitcoin is lent, it cannot be done on a fractional reserve basis.  So the act of lending it doesn't steal productivity from the rest of society via the indirect taxation of money supply inflation.
@_date: 2016-01-18 14:34:04
Neither banks nor insurance companies mark the vast majority of their loan books to market (marking to market is carrying at a "risk-adjusted" value).  They carry the loans at par for accounting purposes.  Same is true of of their bond holdings.
Banks do hold different amounts of capital in reserve against different types of their "assets."  And occasionally they will increase "loss reserves" if they've had a particularly good year with income and they're afraid that their portfolios may become significantly further overvalued at par vs. a mark to market.  And, OTOH, they will release reserves if they feel like they can get away with it when they've had a tougher year with income.
And no, they aren't supposed to sell their loan books, but their solvency in a fractional reserve system does depend (as you pointed out) on the market value of those reserves.  And again, banks don't carry their assets at market value, they carry them at par.  Given their actual (not window-dressed) leverage ratios banks are rarely ever actually solvent in a fractional reserve system.  They may look that way on accounting statement dates, but they aren't.
Finally, what Gox and Cryptsy did was EXACTLY holding fractional reserves against customers deposits.  The problem is that Gox and Cryptsy couldn't just print up the money that they didn't have to pay out their depositors when they started lining up.
@_date: 2016-01-03 19:26:55
Yeah, Bale is one phenomenal actor, and has been since he was a little boy (Empire of the Sun).
@_date: 2016-01-17 18:04:56
...and that would be a 1% fee for buying a coffee.  Many believe that Bitcoin was never meant to be Visa/Paypal.
@_date: 2016-01-30 14:05:04
Not if we go to something under 4MB - say SegWit &amp; 2MB max blocksize.
And it's not blocksize that creates Chinese centralization anyway.  The real drivers are access to cheap electricity and ASIC chips. 
@_date: 2016-01-29 05:05:01
At least R3CEV has the temerity to build their own private blockchains for their business purposes rather than hijack yours! 
@_date: 2016-01-30 03:42:30


...and perhaps that's why one should consider the economics before designing the protocol.
@_date: 2016-03-31 22:54:25
Yes, but is is just the balance of a set of transactions that were not actual Bitcoin transactions, they were just denominated in bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-28 07:27:57
I hope not, but I suppose we'll find out when the fork happens, or doesn't.
@_date: 2016-03-27 15:58:33
Total tax US burdens vary widely based on which state and/or locality a business domiciles and serves, and how a particular business is structured.  While a small business owner living in NYC may very well face a higher total tax burden than the average Canadian small business owner, it's probably a safe bet that the total tax burden facing a Canadian small business owner is higher than that of his US counterparts on average.
@_date: 2016-03-28 13:04:59
I was just as unimpressed with his childish ragequit as anyone, and remain so strongly opposed to much of his censorship advocacy that I can accurately say that I am disgusted by it, but...
...when it comes to both this statement and his protestations over the centralization of development, he's not whining, he's giving us a warning. And it's a prescient one, which we ignore at our own doom. 
@_date: 2016-03-28 23:58:45
That and the Tragedy of Commons argument was never thoroughly established in the first place and has since been pretty well refuted. 
Nonetheless it serves as a rallying cry for authoritarians of every stripe. "We must have a central committee to protect the commons!"
@_date: 2016-01-20 21:25:55
But they haven't committed to a max blocksize increase, they committed to Seg Wit, and it's not the same thing - and they lost credibility by trying to pass it off as such.
@_date: 2016-01-28 06:06:21
I think we can see from prior posts that Texans love their freedom.  I'm jealous.
@_date: 2016-01-18 16:50:45
@_date: 2016-01-16 03:54:21


...which is based on an aggregation of market participants' assumptions about future value...
...which is based on the distribution of information throughout the market (aka news).
@_date: 2016-03-29 22:05:45
How about this one:
Last week was Easter week, a holiday week in the Christian world (which happens to have a large crossover with Bitcoin users).  That transaction volume would be much lower last week and spike at the beginning of this week should come as no surprise.
@_date: 2016-03-30 15:53:01
This is actually true of strict democracy. But it's not true of free markets. The real solution here is a market in development, which we already have. 
@_date: 2016-03-31 07:47:52
Again, I said that if a transaction is not broadcast on the Bitcoin network and recorded on the Bitcoin blockchain, it's not a Bitcoin transaction even though it may be a transaction that is denominated in bitcoin.  The whole point to Bitcoin is that it's a distributed ledger that holds all the Bitcoin transactions operating by means of a consensus mechanism.  LN will net out the transactions that occur in it's network and settle them in Bitcoin transactions.  But the whole point of LN is to avoid having each of the transactions in its network be a real Bitcoin transaction which ends up on the blockchain, is it not?  Are you suggesting that either:
1. Transactions which are not broadcast to the network and recorded in blocks are Bitcoin transactions or that...
2. LN will broadcast each of the transactions in its network to be recorded in blocks?
Though you are approaching this discussion with irrational bile, even you must see that a transaction executed within the LN network is fundamentally different from an actual Bitcoin transaction, even though the LN transactions will be denominated in bitcoin.  As they are distinct it logically follows that they will not be exactly equivalent, and as such some aspects of LN will be better, and some worse - something that I think would be obvious to any True Scotsman.  To ignore those differences is to remain under your bridge and under-informed.  
@_date: 2016-01-28 01:59:39
I'll gladly send you one that you could even use as a secondary computer, or file server if you want.  It'll be small (~6.5"x6.5"x2" &amp; 3lbs), it will auto-restart if you have a power outage, and it won't use a ton of power.  All you have to do is plug it into the wall and into your router and turn it on - assuming you have a standard simple network setup it will auto-config.  You can run it over wifi if you like, but you'll have to set that up yourself or trust me with your wifi name and password.  If you have a Mac, you'll be able to screenshare with it and see what it's doing (which will be like watching paint dry) otherwise you can hook a monitor up to it with a DVI cable if you want to look at it but it will run perfectly fine headless.  I can even set it up to run over Tor if you like.  You will have to do Bitcoin client updates manually, but that will be just as easy as updating any Mac software, and easier than you're accustomed to if you use Windows or Linux.
Price: .65 BTC (including shipping to CONUS)
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:23:03
Technical problems or limitations that were caused by extraterrestrials or cats?
@_date: 2016-01-21 17:19:58
Check the interests of all parties before deciding whom to believe.  Given Blockstream's clearly delineated strategy one would be foolish to accept the arguments of its employees on faith in this particular matter, and the wise person would likely be particularly skeptical.
Even under the assumption of absolute good faith on the part of the Core dev Blockstream employees, one should consider that as employees of Blockstream, they likely believe in the vision and strategy of the company for which they work and should not be expected to judge the merits of the small/large block arguments completely objectively and dispassionately.
Remember trusting in experts inevitably leads to centralization of power, and often has very bad outcomes.  Therefore, don't trust, verify.    
@_date: 2016-03-28 20:17:47
Doh!  Sorry, you never know on the Reddit crypto forums when posts are wildly bullish. 
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:13:06


The Core dev stances that Bitcoin should be developed towards a primarily settlements layer, that certain types of legitimate transactions should be de-emphasized, and that fee markets should be "developed" are not only political; they are also demonstrative of potential conflicts of interest and need to be rigorously questioned and debated in the public sphere.  Luckily, this is happening now thanks to the courageous stances of GA, JG, and even MH. 
@_date: 2016-01-19 21:31:39
True, but none of those things make it a conservative alteration, because it's not a conservative alteration, it might even be described as a radical alteration.
@_date: 2016-01-17 17:47:00
OK, fair enough.
@_date: 2016-03-30 19:34:43
Well, they are keeping an alternative ledger denominated in bitcoin.
The whole point to Bitcoin is that it's a shared ledger with the management of that ledger distributed across the entire network by a consensus mechanism.  Maintaining a private ledger would make it an alternative to Bitcoin by definition.
Maybe calling it an alt-coin goes too far because the term alt-coin implies that the alternative ledger would also be broadly distributed, but it's certainly not Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2016-01-30 05:05:15
Not satire.  Same can be said for bandwidth I/O, RAM, and CPU, but those are even less constrained by larger blocks than ledger storage space.
Do you even run a node?  It certainly seems as if you have no idea how light the bandwidth and hardware requirements are for current nodes, or would be for larger blocks. 
@_date: 2016-03-31 22:58:21
Maybe, hopefully.  That's part of the beauty of having competing  implementations from different dev teams.
@_date: 2016-01-21 19:33:06


How about we let a free market without price controls decide what the ticket price should be?
Using that method generally works better than having a committee set prices Soviet Union style.
@_date: 2016-01-30 05:40:41
Ah yes, the argument that we need a central committee to establish price controls on blockhain transactions so that we can steer the usage of Bitcoin towards the ends that we think are best for it, namely "high value" transactions, a purely settlement layer, or some sort of reserve currency for the lucky few. 
As someone who believes that free markets do a much better job at distributing resources than do central committees, particularly with monetary goods, I would put you in the camp of having a motive other than the immediate health and function of the system.
In this case that motive would be control over how the system (and the use of it) evolves.  While I don't think that your ulterior motive is necessarily nefarious, I don't believe that such control-seeking is good for Bitcoin. Let the users decide how to use Bitcoin, and let it develop accordingly along many simultaneous paths - free from the constraints of those who would bend it to their specific will, however "benevolent" that will might be. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 04:44:58
Hand out the cups the next time the Core devs get together physically.  Maybe that'll help.
@_date: 2016-01-18 06:20:43
This is actually incorrect. Banks under the fractional reserve scam are always insolvent. 
Your example values the loans at par. If they need to sell them, they won't get par, and there won't be enough equity to absorb the losses  at typical bank leverage ratios, usually not even if it's just one bank in trouble, and especially not if there's even a hint of systemic trouble. 
@_date: 2016-01-01 18:24:25
1.  Some real believers are choosing to use BTC as a savings vehicle.  Others have already amassed all the savings that they might need for a lifetime, a select few for a a couple of generations or more.  Some true believers trade, others may have already filled their portfolio allocation and as BTC price rises relative to other assets sell to diversify their holdings.
2.  Remember that miners are still producing ~3,600 BTC a day (soon to be ~1800) and need to sell a lot of those to fund their mining businesses.
3.  A steady state of deflation is an economy's way of broadly distributing its productivity gains.  The way our current FIAT monetary system works the banks (via the central bank cartels) take all of the aggregate societal productivity gain for themselves and their buddies and then take a little extra off the top from aggregate societal savings to boot.  Bitcoin can put a stop to that and add a little boost to savings to encourage (rational) investment for further productivity gains.
It is important to realize that consumption does not make us wealthy and comfortable, production does.  While consumption may drive production to a greater or lesser extent, savings and investment ultimately drive rationally efficient increases in productivity which fuel increases in wealth.  A deflationary currency sets a hurdle for the expected return of investment at the deflation rate of the currency, thereby helping to ward off the mal-investment that creates boom-bust cycles.
It's helpful to read all of Keynes' "General Theory..." and then compare and contrast with something like Rothbard's "Man, Economy, and State."          
@_date: 2016-01-30 14:31:24
Again, according to the Toomin research on block propagation cited above as a reason that big blocks would potentially be a problem, blocks under 4mb aren't really a problem. Please look at the data if you haven't already. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 04:24:20


Challenge on that...
Don't see how you can say that changing the structure of the Merkle tree/root and the way in which nodes validate isn't a big change.
Again, not saying that Seg Wit isn't a good idea and the right thing to do.  Just calling it for what it is, a major/radical alteration to the Core of the Bitcoin ecosystem.
And I didn't think BIP102 was a good idea.
@_date: 2016-01-30 15:54:35
I support moderate block size increases that continue to keep pace with advances in hardware and broadband throughput which would allow broad proliferation of nodes.  I support a max blocksize that ensures a free market in transactions so that miners setting the transaction space supply curve and users setting the transaction demand curve discover the equilibrium transaction pricing free from price controls. In other words, I support Satoshi's original vision with respect to max blocksize.  For now that number appears to settle in the 2-4MB max blocksize area.  I imagine that in the future hardware and bandwidth advances will allow for even larger block sizes within a decentralized network.  
As for scaling (because just increasing the max blocksize is not scaling), I support all the potential solutions for which the open source community is willing to distribute development resources.  I support a free market approach to their inclusion in the Bitcoin protocol.  At the moment that means potentially using SegWit, LN, IBLT, weak/thin blocks, and max blocksize to increase network throughput.  I imagine in the future there will be additional solutions developed as well. 
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:15:56
The miners are probably trying to stay neutral.  The last thing they want is trouble and to the extent that being vociferous about XT et al. causes trouble (DDoS) then they'll just remain silent and watch the fight until a winner emerges.
All the evidence I've seen demonstrates that they would actually prefer a small small block size increase.
Overall a small block size increase does seem to be the consensus position.  Why it's not being done remains unclear.  
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:25:14


Maybe, maybe not.  That's no reason to put a child under the knife for cyborging into the ultimate settlments only layer.


That's called transparency, and as long as A &amp; B can make themselves (and hopefully the amounts) anonymous or at least pseudonymous and remain that way, it's a good thing.  
@_date: 2016-01-06 07:44:39
Fractional reserve Bitcoin?  That's not a mindset I care to take on.  
Distributed banking is oxymoronic.  It ceases to be a bank when you distribute the ledger broadly. 
How long have you been a banker?
@_date: 2016-01-16 20:52:01
Maybe, if you allow Core Devs to define consensus.
Back in the real world, the continuation and even acceleration of the debate is a strong indicator that their roadmap DOESN'T have consensus.
It surely would have had consensus had it included a (real) 2MB blocksize, but it didn't and it doesn't.   
@_date: 2016-03-30 17:42:46
I never said that private keys are exchanged in LN.  I just suggested that the exchange of private keys in his example demonstrated that his example deviated from being a Bitcoin transaction significantly.
LN deviates in other ways, but similarly in that the transactions are not recorded onchain and cannot therefore be considered Bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2016-01-14 05:26:46


He doesn't have to hope - which is the point of the meme.
@_date: 2016-01-28 18:06:02
25:56 - "If the development community is paid for by Bitcoin corporations..."
@_date: 2016-01-18 03:54:20
I expect that the technological capability to support transactions will grow faster than the demand for transaction resources (space &amp; processing power) in the long run and that in the medium term both the distributed networks and the centralized networks will be able to handle all the volume - which, aside from adoption uptake, grows linearly.
So no, it doesn't matter.
  
@_date: 2016-03-28 15:30:17
Uh, perhaps because it's less impeachable than you believe it to be? 
@_date: 2016-01-06 19:51:52


Actually, it has mostly just ebbed since the introduction of The Fed, and the ebbing really picked up steam after 1971.  It's pretty much a one way trade.
@_date: 2016-01-08 16:58:06
When the laws are immoral, you have a moral obligation to disobey them.
is right and so is Freedom of association is a basic moral right, as is your freedom to "start a bank" if you like.  If you are unwilling to stand up to those who seek to restrain you, defend your rights, and accept the risk of doing so, then you have no hope of escaping slavery.
If your banks are disenfranchising you because you use Bitcoin, fire them (which you should be doing anyway).  Hire another bank if you must, or better yet stop using them altogether.  Yes, it will be inconvenient - freedom often is.  But there is no other way to change the system for the better than choosing the inconvenience and your freedom over the convenience and your slavery.
@_date: 2016-01-22 21:43:56
It doesn't appear to me that the majority of those supporting a max-blocksize increase actually believe that it's "their solution to scaling."  Rather they believe that it should be (or have been) explicitly included in the roadmap as ONE of the tools used to increase network capacity. 
@_date: 2016-01-05 16:15:39
No, but the qualities that make it a very good candidate for money should give it a not insignificant chance at becoming a widely used currency. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 13:32:26
Keep reading. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:12:39


Fixed that for you.
@_date: 2016-03-30 19:17:24
No, I said that LN transactions might as well be "toilet paper" (your words, not mine) transactions, because they are not broadcast to the network and recorded on the Bitcoin blockchain.
And if it's not a Bitcoin transaction, then it will be inferior in some ways (less secure, less decentralized) and possibly superior in other ways (faster, easier to scale).
These are important points for the community to understand and debate, and debunk (if you can).  That you would seek to suppress them by name calling demonstrates who truly speaks from under the bridge. 
@_date: 2016-01-07 05:09:00
Don't believe the Keynesian hype.  Deflation is not bad.  They will argue that deflation curtails consumption and that consumption drives an economy but...
The whole point of an economy is to create goods which may be either consumed OR saved.  An excess of unconsumed goods is wealth.  We get wealthy via production, not consumption.   
Natural price deflation is the method by which productivity gains within an economy get distributed throughout the whole economy, those gains represent an increase in aggregate wealth.  Currently the central banks and their puppet governments systematically confiscate that productivity gain and then take a little out of aggregate savings to boot for redistribution to their buddies.  How's that good for society?
As for monetary deflation (or deflationary currencies like Bitcoin), the only negative effect is to encourage monetary savings, which creates a large of capital pool for investment, which drives productivity increases, which make the whole of society wealthier.  How's that bad for society?
Plus you get the ancillary benefit of the rate of deflation in the currency setting a real bar for project ROI that helps to prevent the mal-investment that causes boom-bust cycles.
We could use a little natural deflation.
To be fair, the Keynesians should fear the type of deflation that extends from the bursting of mal-investment bubbles caused by their inflationary policies.  That type of deflation painfully exposes the ludicrous scam of Keynesian economics.  
@_date: 2016-01-02 09:26:11
There are a couple of diamonds in that pseudo-intellectual dung heap, but they are few and far between.
I can smell the odor over my ethernet cables. 
@_date: 2016-01-17 21:56:34
1.  You most certainly are setting up a choice structure "decentralization or cheapness."  I say we can have both with larger blocks.
2.  I happen to believe that LN is a good idea, but don't believe that we should therefore abandon the goal of maintaining cheap transactions on the base layer and we certainly shouldn't be artificially capping the space for transactions by maintaining an unnecessarily small max blocksize.
3.  I'm also unconvinced that a hardfork is a less desireable way to make changes than a softfork.  Softforks seem much sloppier.
@_date: 2016-01-05 00:09:15
Mike T hasn't been mainstream in 20 years.  He's definitely an altcoin in the cultural millieu at this point.
Still it's interesting and will at least attract some attention, though the attention won't be good if they do have 10% fees.
 
@_date: 2016-01-16 19:32:47
RBF had overwhelming consensus?
I guess it must have because that piece of client software which alters the Bitcoin protocol is being permitted.
@_date: 2016-01-05 08:44:17
Your best strategy is to never tell your boss exactly what Bitcoin is and string him along for as long as possible with fantasies about how it will integrate well into a traditional banking model.
Once he figures out exactly what Bitcoin is and what the technology is going to do to his business he'll drop all efforts to integrate and immediately start lobbying Congress to put a halt to it all.
Banks are in the business of monetary creation by pyramiding off of high power money.  That's impossible with Bitcoin, and to the extent that bitcoin captures any market share as a currency, it reduces the very raison-d'etre of banks.  
@_date: 2016-01-30 13:55:18
Well, I'd be hard pressed to tell you what's going on with your machine, but I seriously doubt that's the activity from your node.
I run the most active (always on) of my 3 nodes on an 8 year old quad core machine and the Core averages 1.6% CPU usage and varies between .5% and 42% instantaneous CPU usage - again on an 8 year old machine.  Frankly, the screen sharing agent that I use to monitor that server consumes about 3x more average CPU cycles than Core.
And there are only 144MB worth of blocks added to the chain every day on average, so assuming that you're sending all those blocks to each of your connected peers and a bunch of tiny transactions to and from each others various mempools, I have a very hard time seeing how you get to 25GB/day of sent data unless you're some sort of master-node connected to a bazillion peers (or maybe your children are posting 1080P to YouTube all day and that got caught n your measurement).
Edit: Maybe yours is one of the trusted nodes listed on the web from which which everybody sources their initial downloads?  That would be another thing which could explain your extraordinarily high data I/O. 
@_date: 2016-01-02 09:32:10
Like the dollar, the pound may have the same name, but its FAR from the same currency and only has the tiniest fraction remaining of its original purchasing power.  Don't be fooled by the nomenclature - it ain't the same pound.
The "dollar" has been around just as long, but our current dollar is younger than me!  
@_date: 2016-01-07 04:52:52
You're right.  The value of any form of money comes from those qualities which make it a good money, not from its cost of production.
However, one of the most important qualities of a good money is a relatively significant marginal cost of production structure.  It is this cost that prevents the counterfeiting of productivity through monetary creation and ensures that the market will only ever produce exactly as much money as it requires.
That marginal cost of production acts as a floor on the value of a currency that is being used as money.  Take gold, for example and imagine that it is widely used as money.  There is an advanced mining industry with a certain marginal cost structure.  As long as the free market values the gold at higher than it's marginal cost of production, the producers will continue to mine, refine, and coin it.  Should the value of the gold fall below its marginal cost of production then the miners will let it stay under ground.
Any money which doesn't have a significant marginal cost of production structure can never be a good money because the producers will produce it ad infinitum until its value approaches that of its marginal cost - zero.  This is the problem with FIAT currencies (and the banking systems which produce them).  The problem exists because money is really just a store of excess productivity.  So if (as a producer of money) one can create money without a productivity input (no marginal cost) then one can effectively counterfeit productivity and make oneself wealthy without any effort.  Unfortunately, what you're really doing is stealing from all the productivity that others have stored with the money that you produce.  This process is commonly known as inflation.
If a currency has a significant marginal cost of production then it can't really ever be inflated systematically.  Random inflation will occur when significant changes in the marginal cost structure occur, but the free markets can adjust to that quickly and keep them random and brief.  What can't happen with such a currency is the consistent systemic theft via inflation practiced today.   
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:00:36


But it's not REALLY what Seg Wit is.  Seg Wit is a lot of other good things with something that might roughly estimate a 50% to 75% block-size increase.  Claiming that its equivalent to a doubling of the block-size and/or that it's a way to increase block-size while preserving the same level of decentralization is disingenuous. 
@_date: 2016-01-19 20:51:00


And Seg Wit is many things, but a conservative alteration it is not...
@_date: 2016-03-30 19:10:00
Nice display of having nothing logical to say and resorting to ad hominem.
@_date: 2016-01-10 04:03:24
Absolutely.  Taxes are worse than Mt. Gox because they're carried out via the threat of violence.  And bank lending, like Mt. Gox, is just fraudulent but it's more deceptively fraudulent.
Taxes are just thuggery, plain and simple.  You pay or you are physically deprived of liberty and eventually (if you resist enough) life.  Same as if you refused to pay "protection" payments to the local mob boss. 
Bank lending is more clever...
1.  Money is essentially a storage tank for excess productivity that makes it easy to trade.
2.  If you borrow from an individual who has actually earned everything that he he is lending by producing a non-monetary good (or service) then you are borrowing his genuine productivity to use as you see fit according to the terms of your contract - hopefully to invest in another productive enterprise.
3.  If you borrow from a bank, you're borrowing a small percentage of genuine productivity that the bank has borrowed from a depositor, and a large percentage of counterfeit productivity that the bank creates in the act of lending freshly "minted" money to you with (virtually) no productive input.  This inflation of the supply of money without some productive input (other than typing a few extra keys) devalues the existing money stock, and in doing so steals the stored productivity of all the other members of society who are storing their excess productivity in the currency in which the bank issued the loan.  This might be morally acceptable if the bank then paid the interest from the loan to all those who have used the currency to store their excess productivity and the rate of interest on the loan is higher than the rate of inflation of the money supply via the lending process - but they don't do that and it isn't morally sound.
In the end, the only reason that this current system of bank lending works over any sustained period also boils down to coercion via the threat of violence - legal tender laws &amp; law/regs which prevent the development of competitive monies in the geographical area controlled by any particular mob-family/government.  But, at least in this case of indirect taxation, the violence is a couple of steps further removed than it is in the case of direct taxation.
@_date: 2016-01-29 04:51:37
The Keystone Cops of Wall Street maybe.
@_date: 2016-01-11 16:02:00
Actually you can't just leave if you are a US citizen.  Your income is taxable anywhere in the world whether you reside in the US or not. And it's not easy to renounce your citizenship - in many cases, even if you do the USG claims either some portion of your assets or some portion of your income for the next 10 years.  The USG has to do this because its citizens are the collateral for its massive debts - if you owe money you can't just let your collateral walk off the plantation.
That you suggest that one should have to leave a specific area controlled by a government to avoid extortion supports the analogy to mafia/mob family-like behavior on the part of the government.
@_date: 2016-01-17 07:37:27
I didn't miss that.  And I remember viewing his data too somewhere.  As I recall that was focused on BP101 (8MB blocks to start) and the smaller block data (below 4MB) wasn't problematic - which would indicate that Seg Wit &amp; 2MB blocks would work.
And didn't he have some optimization solutions to go along with that?
 
@_date: 2016-01-20 04:07:48
Well SN and even some of the current Core team thought that upping the block size limit was a pretty simple and straightforward hard fork and suggested that that it should be done when the network needed more headroom - that is until Blockstream and the side-chain business got formed.
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:48:32
Yes, very informative post.  Particularly with regard to Cooper's opening remarks.
That whole scenario throw's MH's motives into question IMO.
Still, Core Dev could and should shut all this nonsense down by building a REAL block-size increase into Seg Wit and releasing that part of it early if Seg Wit isn't ready in a couple of months.
That would be SO easy, and it wouldn't ruffle any feathers.  Why they're not doing that is just as suspect as MH's involvement with this vid. 
@_date: 2016-01-04 20:08:05
Bad way to start:
"One thing that never occurred to me is that because Bitcoin is computer code, it has inherent limitations.  The code is going to have to consistently be updated so it works.  Fiat money isn’t that way.  A dollar is a dollar is a dollar and it’s always going to be a dollar."
The US Dollar started out as 371.25 grains (.85oz) of .999 silver, now it's an electronic digit worth about 1/12th of the value of its original silver content.  To be fair, that original dollar was not FIAT, but FIAT currencies get restructured all the time too - it's just called devaluation and it happens continuously.
"What humans have always had in the past is a fiat currency that had centralized control..."
Centralized control of our current currency is really only 103 years old this year, and certainly for the VAST majority of human history, we were too smart to allow that.
Overall rating: meh.  It's a bit of a muddled mess and clearly needs more research and thought to be coherent.   
@_date: 2016-01-06 17:37:22
It's been 30 years since high school chem, but what you said was pretty much my point...
@_date: 2016-01-10 22:47:02
Remember that whenever one uses a credit card the bank is making a loan - even if the credit card user pays the balance every month it's still a short term loan.
When the bank makes that loan, it doesn't fully capitalize that loan with deposits or equity, it creates new money to extend the loan.
When the bank creates the new money to extend the loan that paid for the goods/services that were purchased with the credit card it expands the money supply.
When the money supply is expanded the value of all savings is reduced.  Those savings are essentially the excess productivity of everyone who chose to store their excess productivity using the currency in which the bank issued the loan through the credit card.  That reduction in value of the savings accrues to the bank when they create the money to lend via the credit card, and then the bank charges interest on that stolen productivity.
That's an indirect tax on everyone saving in the same currency in which the credit card loan is denominated every time a credit card is used.
@_date: 2016-01-25 06:46:40
If they can rid themselves of the price vol, it would be cheaper and faster, but that's a big if. 
@_date: 2016-01-18 22:25:20
Was just thinking that seeing the process really contextualized the extent to which the Core dev refusal to compromise on a blocksize increase is purely ideological as opposed to procedural.
Eating that food and now digesting that there is no way around the the contentious HF.
In one sense it's sad that many of these guys are going to softragequit and abandon the fruits of their efforts over what is really a silly ideological stance, as it seems so wasteful.  But OTOH, I have a better understanding of the power of SN's original vision and appreciate it all the more.  All of the softragequitters will be replaced by new contributors and Bitcoin will trot forward, like the Honey Badger.
We are all less important than we like to think we are in the face of revolutionary ideas.
    
@_date: 2016-01-02 10:03:29
Unfortunately, they're eventually going to pay it back in your blood, sweat, and tears - and those of your children (assuming that you're a US citizen).
Most US citizens don't understand that THEY are actually the collateral for all the government debt.  Note that as the tower of debt is starting to lean, the USG is becoming more concerned with who all of its citizens are, where they are located, where their money is, and what exactly they are saying to each other.  It needs to know everything about every piece of collateral.
It's also simultaneously (though via opposing political channels) trying to import as many more pieces of collateral as politically possible and build the border walls high.  Those walls are not to keep people out - despite how they are being sold.  Like all good walls (see Berlin) they can also be used to keep people in.
This behavior is not unlike that of large plantation owners who got margin called by the New York Banks after a couple of bad cotton/tobacco/etc seasons.
   
@_date: 2016-01-02 04:29:50
...you mean evil genius.
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:40:51
That's only because of the deficiencies of both currencies.  Gold isn't easily exchangeable and dollars have an almost zero marginal cost of production.
If you can design away both of those deficiencies in a new monetary system, then there's no need to split the task - which is the whole point of Bitcoin.
 
@_date: 2016-01-15 15:56:44
"...but the Fed oversees the US government.  Even if it isn't technically a branch of the US government, it is effectively in control of them."
Fixed that for you.
@_date: 2016-01-28 06:01:39
Any one who has ever traded with (or worked for) GS will tell you that!
@_date: 2016-01-24 18:11:34
First off, if that's a long read our society is in trouble.  But with tongue firmly in cheek here's the TL;DR - a few minutes of absolute nothingness, proof that Nietzsche's Abyss actually exists.
@_date: 2016-01-21 14:56:29
Not great. If you actually want to eat someone else's lunch, it's best not to tell them beforehand. 
@_date: 2016-03-29 22:52:25
This could also be called people managing their coins, consolidating addresses, moving them from wallet one wallet to another wallet, you know, organizing their finances.  This may come as a surprise, but businesses do that kind of thing all the time too.
Oh, and attackers generally won't make a habit of paying high fees for their transactions - it kind of makes the attack less effective.
@_date: 2016-01-05 16:08:34
Well, technically, you're speculating not investing, and speculating is more akin to gambling - not that there's anything wrong with that. 
@_date: 2016-01-11 01:53:41
Yes, as long as the bank creates jiggles to pay the merchant from whom you charged a good or service.  If the bank instead creates dollars and then converts those into the jiggles which are used to pay the merchant, then the bank would be indirect taxing people who store their excess productivity in dollars.
@_date: 2016-01-10 03:13:04


Huh?  Take a look at the unfunded liabilities too.
We haven't experienced a debt crisis recently (going off the gold standard in 1971 was a debt crisis and default) largely because we are the world's reserve currency and we can print and export that currency/debt... for now.
You may wish to read all of "The General Theory..."  Then read Hazlitt's critique of it, then read "Man, Economy, and State" and then compare and contrast them yourself.
@_date: 2016-01-16 15:12:50
Nice post.  That video gave me confidence that the banks have been somewhat blinded by their own hype.  If they actually believe that fiat has real competitive advantages over real money, they have forgotten the old joke and are thus unable to get the new one.
However, the Bitcoin community has to get its excrement properly sorted and flushed or we're going to blow this opportunity to free humanity.  The slavers have properly understood our scaling weakness and, it would seem, are taking advantage of it.
C'mon guys.  It's obvious that a scaling solution is going to rely on hardware technological/bandwidth advances (bigger blocks) and improving the network efficiency (SegWit / LN).  Can we drop the noise and start doing BOTH immediately, please?
@_date: 2016-01-31 00:14:58
As I've written in response to your Blockstream incentives posting before:
1.  Incentive pay is often used as a tool to try an re-align natural conflicts of interest to a coincident vector. It usually doesn't work for the same reason that it's failing here: The dominant interest (that of the corporate entity) sets the cultural tone for what constitutes the "correct path" to achieve the subordinate interest. Thus sidechains are viewed as the only way in which Bitcoin can scale and therefore we should just go ahead and turn Bitcoin into a settlements only layer for sidechains, and...
2.  I'm perfectly willing to extend the good faith that the Blockstream Core devs actually believe that what they're doing is in the best interest of Bitcoin, but just because they believe it doesn't make it so.  And the fact that they have a financial interest in pursuing the strategy certainly hampers their ability to be objective about it.  
@_date: 2016-01-28 00:01:05
I wonder how you can claim that a qualitative statement is factually incorrect.  There is neither fear, nor uncertainty, nor any doubt in my statement, just observation that should be considered.
It is factually correct that Blockstream employs 11 Core devs (including the "most important" ones).
@_date: 2016-01-24 16:41:46
Actually, the users are Bitcoin.  Miners can easily be replaced, users can't.
@_date: 2016-01-02 10:41:53


On a personal level maybe, but your government (like that of the US) is borrowing for you - up to $17k per citizen now.  And you guys don't even have a reserve currency.  It gets a lot worse when you're the global reserve currency as it then becomes more convenient for your government to export its currency than it is for them to allow a free market to export goods and services.  With your national penchant for socialism, you guys would be in a whole heap of trouble if you had a reserve currency.
Love the land and the people though.  Sweden is really beautiful, the culture is very friendly, the food is awesome, and summers on Gotland are to die for.
@_date: 2016-01-23 03:23:12
@_date: 2016-01-17 06:37:24
Replace By Fee:
@_date: 2016-01-24 09:11:30
Kudos to him for trying to think it through, but he needs to keep trying, because this is only half-baked. 
@_date: 2016-01-16 20:47:33


Great, let's see that data clearly presented as part of an argument for not increasing the block size.
Maybe I've missed that and such argument has been publicly made.
@_date: 2016-01-24 16:47:28
Another way to accumulate is to start offering products and/or services (perhaps in your spare time) and encourage your customers to pay you in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-30 03:53:33
It is also reality that we can fit many more of the world's transactions onto the blockchain than we are currently doing.
At the Scaling Bitcoin initial presentation of LN, JP declared that LN would need larger max blocksizes to scale to world-transaction level or some reasonable percentage thereof.  Why the slow-walk then?  
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:28:23
Perhaps your worry should also include what that concise thing is.
I, for one, would be worried about decision-making based on the concise view that Bitcoin should be a settlements only layer and that certain of my transactions don't belong there.
@_date: 2016-01-19 21:28:53
It is a huge malleability fix, and it has some pretty neat side effects, but it's not a conservative alteration, it's a significant alteration, much more radical than increasing the block size.
Just looking for some accuracy and integrity when it comes to describing the changes under consideration/implementation.  
@_date: 2016-01-05 18:31:21
If you're dying to spend it then try purse.io, you'll probably like that.
@_date: 2016-01-20 13:18:29
...but not adding it does mean that it won't. 
@_date: 2016-01-16 20:24:05
Of course he's wrong.
I think he meant to say:
"Bit coins is dead... TO ME.  You see, I'm trying to get paid and Charlie Cooper has some fiat with my name on it.  So long Suckhas!"
@_date: 2016-01-02 15:49:27
@_date: 2016-01-30 05:09:52
Uh, why would that be so?
It's never a good idea for any system design to wait until you hit max capacity for the system to then increase the capacity...
...unless you have some motivation other than maintaining the optimal health and function of the system in question.  
@_date: 2016-01-18 03:36:38
I don't actually think it will.  I am a supporter of a real increase to the block size, along with Seg Wit.  I was being facetious because I find the arguments against increasing the blocksize to make about as much sense as the post of mine to which you object.
@_date: 2016-01-17 21:33:43
The market may "overproduce" transactions, but the miners ultimately control the supply of space on the blockchain no matter how big the max block size is, so in a free market in the long run they will presumably only include those transactions that have a fee which is greater than their marginal cost of including them in the blockhain (cost which you refer to as a negative externality but is actually just the cost of the good).  There is no need to impose price-controls on transaction space in the blockchain.  The idea itself is antithetical to Bitcoin.    
@_date: 2016-01-03 19:58:52


...to zero.
@_date: 2016-01-24 18:00:44
It would also appear that he doesn't understand that real money (not fiat) doesn't derive it's value from scarcity, but rather from it's marginal cost of production.  Thus, it is already a token representing excess productivity (a producer credit) but is more fungible than his proposed alternative and unburdened with time-value calculation issues. 
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:05:42


Wasn't it supposed to be April release?  Has it already slipped to May?
@_date: 2016-01-30 12:49:23
Thus it's time to increase the maxblocksize so that the miners have the option of creating bigger blocks when the limit does get hit. 
@_date: 2016-01-30 03:34:35
...which begs the question why the max-blocksize HF is being slow-walked to the alter?
@_date: 2016-01-01 18:40:40


eBay &amp; Paypal + Paypal float = ~15%
If you have a vendor who also wants to accumulate BTC privately you could easily get to 20% discounts on legitimate goods for breakeven vs the traditional eBay/Paypal sales channel.  And 15% to 20% discounts can create a market.
@_date: 2016-01-12 01:14:35
And what benefits would those be...?  I should have to pay for "the protection" that I have "received" from the mob boss but did not contract for?
Trade is only morally sound if it is fully voluntary.  If you are being forced to pay for something which you did not voluntarily agree to buy, that's just theft.
And I have probably paid many times more in taxes over my career than you have earned.  I have DEFINITELY paid far more than the value of what I have "received."  
@_date: 2016-01-02 09:40:33
NOT. A. SINGLE. THING.
It's the most highly regulated and controlled market in the world and has been for a long time.  That's why it's so effed up.
@_date: 2016-01-18 02:50:43
Lets see...
...eating, sleeping, walking, laying about, stroking my beard hairs, writing love letters, playing Homeworld 2, droppin' the kids off at the pool (so to speak), trading derivatives, figuring out the Porsche options lists, making beautiful women uncomfortable with my presence in a small group, looking awkward in large mogul fields, wind sprints, consuming pints of John Smith's Extra Smooth in a quiet pub on the east end of the Tower Bridge during an extended lunch break, and some other stuff that makes absolutely zero difference in the context of this thread.          
@_date: 2016-03-30 15:48:01
He's critiquing its development in an honest way. Like all good honest feedback, if listened to it would be doing quite a bit for Bitcoin.
The fact that you can't accept the honest critique and attempt to improve your process but instead retort with 4th grade level snarky comments is what's bad for Bitcoin. Such behavior exemplifies why the system needs multiple dev teams to survive. 
@_date: 2016-01-03 20:57:56
Patience young Padawan.  BTC is doing just fine.  This is only year seven since its birth.  The internet was (arguably) born in 1969 and didn't even start going mainstream for over 20 years.  Bitcoin adoption is proceeding MUCH faster than that pace. 
@_date: 2016-01-12 15:29:27
Another way to get bitcoin without buying it directly is to offer goods or services in exchange for bitcoin.
Depending on where you are located this can be very effective and it definitely makes your goods/services offering stand out.  
It can be even more effective if you offer a discount to the cash price for bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 20:08:35
...and "secret evidence" even more so, but the US has both! 
@_date: 2016-01-17 21:27:53
The choice you present between decentralization and cheapness is a false dichotomy.  It can be both.  I am a big proponent of decentralization, I run my own node on minimal resources, and I don't believe that a small blocksize increase now nor future increases that keep pace with bandwidth advances (as per Satoshi's original vision) threaten decentralization.
Thus I also don't buy the argument that it's better to use BTC as a hardened settlement layer.  That sounds suspiciously like a corporate hijacking attempt to me.
  
@_date: 2016-01-30 03:58:02


...for the Chinese nodes behind the Great Firewall.  So what you're implying is that we'd have less miner centralization in China.  That's a bad thing?
 
@_date: 2016-01-03 19:36:33
You can't artificially create a working and efficient fee market.  That's the thinking of central planners which SHOULD be antithetical to the very mission of Bitcoin.
If a fee market is needed, it will develop on its own without artificial interference or "incubation."  As many have already pointed out, the tension between block-orphaning and fee-capturing will give rise to a fee market all by itself assuming a minimal base demand for settled transactions.  What happens when the incentive disappears (100 years from now)?  The market structure will change, but there will still be a market. 
@_date: 2016-01-28 06:04:39
...and another!
@_date: 2016-01-18 03:38:16
You're overvaluing (your) "smarts."  Usually that's the hallmark of a fool.
@_date: 2016-01-12 01:19:27
Like many, I didn't qualify for a Roth (they are means tested).
And the investment restriction is severe enough that you still may not be better off even if you do.
Frankly I believe that there's a decent chance that all the government sponsored retirement vehicles eventually get "bailed-in" much like Social Security already has been.
 
@_date: 2016-01-28 21:17:01
Don't let the semantic manipulations from Core snow you.  A super-majority falls within consensus decision-making rules (a super-majority vote is actually consensus).
@_date: 2016-01-19 14:24:40
And you've succinctly summed the point of university credentials...
@_date: 2016-01-15 16:22:08
What do you think would happen to the price of Apple stock if Eddy Cue quit and threw Tim Cook and his leadership under the bus publicly on the way out the door and announced at the same time that he sold all his stock.  My guess is that it would be down more than 10%.
Yes, I know Bitcoin is not a publicly traded stock, but it is MUCH smaller than Apple.
That said, the market should probably be totally brushing this off as a non-event.  The fact that it isn't might indicate a belief that the debate isn't being managed to a true "consensus" by the commit-level developers but feels a little more like an oligopoly at the moment.
@_date: 2016-01-10 16:03:53
Fire that bank at the very least and all banks if you can.
@_date: 2016-03-30 16:39:31
That's a perfect example of why it's not Bitcoin.  If you print out private keys and then exchange them with someone for a good, the seller of the good doesn't have exclusive control over the private keys and therefore doesn't actually own the bitcoin.  You could double spend him at any point until he actually gets a real Bitcoin transaction confirmed by creating his own private key and moving the Bitcoin to the corresponding public address. 
@_date: 2016-01-17 06:48:57
Is it not a new rule which effectively replaces the "accept first seen transmission" rule with an "accept highest fee transmission" rule?  That seems like an algorithmic "system rule" and not a "miner/user/wallet policy."
@_date: 2016-01-15 22:18:33
Haven't actually looked at the data, but I would guess that BTC has a zero to negative correlation with traditional investment risk assets. 
@_date: 2016-01-27 13:41:31
AME Cloud Ventures, Flight Ventures, Future Perfect Ventures, Khosla Ventures, Mosaic Ventures, Real Ventures, SK Ventures
That's over half of Blockstream's $21mm investor list and those are just the ones with the word venture in the name.  Why would VC's need to organize a "big block movement," presumably to exert influence over the protocol, when they already have so much influence over the protocol?
@_date: 2016-01-30 03:22:18
Interesting analogy, but there's one important detail that you left out:
Team Water raised a bunch of money from outside investors to dig the well and they plan to sell some of the fresh-water rights to the cruise lines (for the cruise ship tourists) and bottling companies (for those who never make it to the island for a tour but want island-fresh bottled water at home).  There's no doubt that Team Water believes the well is absolutely necessary for survival on the island, but only fools would forego questioning their project prioritization.    
@_date: 2016-01-03 20:53:03


@_date: 2016-01-24 01:06:31
"...a long term vision that is in accordance with the business model of their employer."
More accurate. 
@_date: 2016-01-22 03:04:59
I'm sure they do.  But others may disagree about the best course for pursuing best interests, and to the extent that one is an employee of a company that has a very specific view of the path to that best interest one may not be able to accurately judge the BEST path to that best interest. 
@_date: 2016-01-02 04:25:46
The biggest use case for Bitcoin is baked right into its structure - deflationary nature, pseudonymity, and decentralization.  We don't need to tart it up with "killer apps" for it to achieve its potential.  In fact, to the extent that tarting it up for the masses attracts government regulation, doing so will ultimately become detrimental to its real use case and threaten to turn it into a cheaper Paypal.
Time, patience, and modesty are our friends.  FIAT currencies always end up destroying themselves.  We have the life-boats in Bitcoin.  We need to keep them ready to deploy and in top shape for the rush when the FIAT Titanic starts sinking - largely this means keeping the government at bay because the central banks and their government tools don't like lifeboats, they want everybody all-in on the Titanic.
I also agree with the OP that we should be evangelists.  We have a moral responsibility to inform our fellow passengers politely and calmly that there are lifeboats available, to point out where they are, and teach newbs how to use them.  But this should be done politely, calmly, and discreetly so as to avoid negative attention from those who would rather there be no lifeboats at all.   
@_date: 2016-01-04 06:07:46
BTC isn't being regulated as that would be too difficult, your FIAT is being regulated.  
@_date: 2016-01-10 21:53:05
...and then the public realizes that they don't need America Online to experience the internet!
We can only hope!
@_date: 2016-01-06 19:27:00
I think what you really mean to say is that Bitcoin is designed to be money as opposed to just a currency and actually be(come) a unit of account.
The qualities which make a money useful (and therefore have value to us) have little to do with whether that money is inherently "backed" by some other good or not.  The concept of money being "backed" by some other good arises from a deficiency of some forms of currency (paper for example) that have a very low marginal cost of production.
If a currency has a low or non-existent marginal cost of production, then it will make a very bad money in and of itself, because the market will have the tendency to overproduce it.  That is to say that like any other good the market will produce it until its price (value) equals its marginal cost of production.  If the currency is not "backed" by some good which has a significant marginal cost of production (and thus acts as the actual money which the currency just represents) that currency will eventually become worthless.
So "backing" really just means that the currency is not itself acting as the money but rather just representing some other good which requires a productivity input to create. 
Bitcoin avoids that whole mess because it does actually have a significant marginal cost of production (computer resources and electricity).  Like physical gold mining, mining Bitcoin has a marginal cost structure and mining the next 10 units of bitcoin costs roughly 10x as much as mining the next single unit.  This means that it can act as both a currency and a good money simultaneously, which would allow it to become a very good unit of account and exchange - certainly one that is FAR superior to anything we commonly use now.
        
@_date: 2016-01-17 17:22:54
Increase block size vs. break zero-conf transactions.
Yeah, breaking zero-conf transactions is the safer way to go for Bitcoin because increasing the block size would wreak all kinds of havoc. 
@_date: 2016-01-06 19:41:09
Sweden is not on the Euro so the ECB doesn't technically control their (Kronor) base rates but the idea is the same. 
@_date: 2016-01-02 03:56:36
Actually, derivatives were not the main (or even the ancillary) culprit.  The BIS and the Federal Reserve Bank were the main culprits for the crash.
Few people understand that the Basel 2 Banking Accord that was being implemented in 2004-2007 changed the bank capital requirements to HEAVILY incentivize mortgage lending at the expense of traditional corporate lending.  The crux of the regulatory change was to create nearly infinite leverage for mortgage and government lending in order to redirect the flow of high-power money (and its consequent pyramiding) into the more politically favored sectors and away from lending to both large and small businesses.  And just to reinforce the point the regulators increased the capital requirements for corporate lending at the same time, thereby further restricting capital flow and leverage in those sectors.
The ostensible reasoning behind this move was to reduce the moderate default probability idiosyncratic risk on bank books at the expense of increasing the low default probability systemic risk.  
As early as 2004 those of us who were having our businesses shrunk in this way argued that reducing idiosyncratic risk at relatively low leverage ratios, in order to increase systemic (correlation) risk at MASSIVELY higher leverage ratios, all for the effect of achieving cheap lending to governments and poor people (less productive sectors of society), was both stupid and dangerous.  I know this because along with a small group of others being affected I made this argument to the CEO of a large international investment bank in early 2005 as Basel 2 was being implemented and capital was being withdrawn from my lending business and shifted to ridiculously bad mortgage lending.
His response was to acknowledge the difficulties with that transition and then say "...but these are the new regs and there's nothing we can do about that.  If we don't do this, there's no way we can hit our ROE targets."  I left the meeting, called my realtor, and put my house on the market - two years early.
The house sold the first weekend for almost twice what I paid for just prior to G'spans last rate cut hurrahs.  I took a lot of crap from my colleagues about selling for the next two years until we all got back from the ASF conference in Vegas featured in the movie - that stuff really happened, and Mark (not his real name) actually did stand up in that Option One meeting and ask that question and then take the phone call.  Right after we got back the end really got rolling.  Unfortunately it was illegal for me to short.
Derivatives were not the cause of the crisis, the FIAT nature of the global currencies and their regulation by the central banks and governments were the cause of the crisis.  In this last case you can specifically point to Greenspan era Fed monetary policy and Basel 2 regs.
While derivatives of Bitcoin are possible, the shenanigans with monetary policy and using regulation to pyramid monetary creation in politically favored sectors is not possible.  And thus Bitcoin as a global monetary standard WOULD CERTAINLY prevent a repeat of that last crisis or anything like it.
@_date: 2016-03-29 22:37:21
...which dovetails with common US payroll cycles.  People getting paid and then converting some of that pay into Bitcoin.
Must be an attack!  Last thing we want is people actually using the network. 
@_date: 2016-01-02 04:37:34
I've seen that movie (and lived through it with a front row seat on the roller-coaster).  It's called The Big Short.  Not sure if they released it over there yet but its worth a viewing - even if it incorrectly attributes the cause for the crash to bankers, greed, and derivatives. 
@_date: 2016-01-10 16:51:00


Where have you been these last 15 years?
In the US the Fourth Amendment along with other significant swaths of the Constitution has largely been relegated to the history books, government at all levels is rife with corruption, reprisal, and abuse of power, the  executive office has asserted the right to kill citizens (even children) at will without due process - AND HAS DONE SO.
If he is a US citizen SN is smart enough not to trust his government.   
@_date: 2016-03-28 20:09:24
Efficient markets tend to price in known events well before they happen. Unlike the last halvening, the information about this one is much more widely distributed in a much more efficient market. 
@_date: 2016-01-02 04:32:15
Another solution is to delete the wallet and then rebuild it from your passphrase.  That should do the trick.
@_date: 2016-01-02 05:44:18
A 10% - 15% discount on fees can create a HUGE network effect.  
Trust me, there are many many sellers who can't wait for an eBay competitor.  And many of them will offer items on both OB and eB but with significantly lower pricing on OB because there's less cost and risk associated with using the platform.  Once buyers see 10% - 20% discounts on the same stuff from the same sellers, they'll switch.  
@_date: 2016-01-18 00:11:20
The only coins that are being auctioned off are those whose owners were not careful with their key security.  The only way for the USG to seize your coins would require either coercing you to hand them over or a gross security oversight on your part.  Note that this is substantially different from trusted 3rd party systems (like banking) in which the USG can appeal to the 3rd party to block your access and grant them access to control over your funds.   
@_date: 2016-01-18 00:03:02
Of course and that doesn't really matter for the argument.
@_date: 2016-03-30 17:45:14
Then it might be more secure (depending on the "somehow"), but would be even further removed from a Bitcoin transaction.
@_date: 2016-01-03 20:51:48
My guess is that many buyers of BTC are also buyers of gold, but as BTC appreciates relative to gold there will likely be some decent portfolio re-balancing business out of BTC and into gold.
@_date: 2016-01-22 00:22:02
Also from Blockstream:
"Blockstream’s core area of innovation is sidechains, a technology focused on improving on the blockchain, the most powerful public utility for distributed trust systems."
Clearly they believe that sidechains are the prescription for Bitcoin's ills, whether they actually are or not.  If you put Pfizer in charge of the AMA, all the doctors become drug salespeople, and all medical conditions are best treated with pharmaceuticals... 
@_date: 2016-01-17 23:56:28
My iPhone has more computing power than the space shuttle.
@_date: 2016-01-06 07:31:08
I think of Coinbase et al as Bitcoin's equivalent of America Online.  They're useful newb on-boarders for the moment, but eventually the market will discover how superfluous they are. 
@_date: 2016-01-10 04:45:33
...and I wouldn't even say that a Bitcoin bet is necessarily any more binary than a vanilla option.  There are definitely final nodes which represent bitcoin capturing some relatively static share of global reserve currency status that is greater than zero and less than 1 (or some other arbitrary static share).  
@_date: 2016-03-24 21:09:07
Death and theft?
@_date: 2016-01-02 17:59:04
That's called counterparty risk and believe it or not at the time Deutsche and a few other banks were actually packaging that into CDOs and selling it off to investors as well - or at least trying to, I'm not sure that any of those trades actually got done.  
@_date: 2016-01-10 02:00:31
Ever paid taxes?  Ever gotten a speeding ticket?  Ever borrowed money from a bank, or from someone who is borrowing from a bank to fund your loan?  Ever held a US$ balance?    
If your answer is yes to one or more of the above, you've been scammed (and maybe you need to adjust your behavior...)
@_date: 2016-01-06 19:45:29


I wouldn't necessarily say that.  When a central bank and its puppet government decide to go cashless in order to make it easier to both track the citizenry and steal from them, it will provide those citizens with incentive to wake up and start using a currency that makes the tracking and the theft more difficult.    
@_date: 2016-03-24 03:12:31
Because if the government moved to prosecute any of them it would have to withstand the airing of some very dirty laundry exposing the regulatory superstructure that caused that mess.  And then people might see government regulation for what it really is, and then a lot of cushy bureaucratic jobs might be on the line.
@_date: 2016-01-03 20:44:03
Each of those instruments/techniques are basically means of providing additional leverage to plain old loans.  As such they were concocted and expanded by banks that wanted to "cheat" their monetary production quotas (handed down from CBs) - remember that in a fractional reserve system lending is monetary creation.
In global bond trading, the last ~40 years of financial product innovation has centered around a battle between the central-bank cartels (or those members who control the cartels) and the cartel members who wish to cheat their monetary production quotas.
The central bankers and their puppet governments create regs to direct monetary creation to their favored sectors (and buddies) and by doing so impose quotas on the banks.  The banks then hire derivatives structurers, traders, and salespeople to create ways to cheat the quotas.  After a few years the central banks banks figure out how the new class of derivatives are working and then regulate those to recapture control of the monetary creation and redirect the flow of it towards their politically favored sectors (one of which is always government lending) and the derivatives guys start all over again.  Cat and mouse.   
@_date: 2016-01-30 17:02:38
While it is the common belief that real money derives its value from scarcity, it's actually not strictly true.  Real money derives its value only from the qualities that make it a good store of value, unit of account, and medium of exchange.  A good doesn't need to have intrinsic value to make a very good money.
Proponents of the scarcity argument suggest that the scarcity is what makes a particular good a good "store of value," thereby fulfilling one of the qualities required for a good money. When you deconstruct the logic of that argument you find that the scarcity is the quality assumed to prevent overproduction of the good to be used as money. But is it really scarcity that prevents overproduction of any good?
Turns out that it isn't actually scarcity that prevents overproduction of a good relative to its demand, it's the marginal cost of production that prevents overproduction relative to demand. Scarcity is just a simplified stand-in for a significant marginal cost curve. We assume that because a good is scarce it is costly enough to produce such that a free market won't oversupply it, driving its price to zero.  But in reality, any good which has a significant marginal cost structure, won't be overproduced relative to demand and would therefore fulfill the "store of value" requirement for a good money, whether that good is scarce or not. The scarcity itself is irrelevant. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 13:25:43
Actually it's been a settlements layer since day one. That's part of the beauty of this monetary system, it contains its own creation, payment, settlement, and records layers all in one.  No need to hack that all apart now. 
@_date: 2016-01-29 05:36:01
Lurking and studying Bitcoin and the scene so that when I did finally open my mouth something other than ad hominem would come out.
@_date: 2016-03-25 11:21:27
...and it would seem that banks have learned nothing from the record companies.  Trying to turn your customers into suspects because they use competing distribution channels that provide benefits which yours doesn't is a poor strategy for customer retention.
It's now possible to live almost bank free. Try it, you'll like it. 
@_date: 2016-01-27 22:16:13
Whether Bitcoin should be primarily a settlements layer or continue to encompass all the aspects of a monetary system (creation, payments, settlements, and record-keeping) is a profoundly political question, particularly when the development team works for a for-profit company whose raison d'etre is the development of layers and sidechains, presumably for profit.  That potential conflict of interest in and of itself presents a strong argument for skepticism about Core's development plan.
Core dev's have made it no secret that they believe that the chain should be used for high-value transactions and that lower value transactions don't belong there.  Even JG has stated this.  IMO, that's not really for them to decide, and they certainly shouldn't be instituting price controls to achieve that outcome.  
@_date: 2016-01-12 16:59:55
Yes, but when it is borrowed new bitcoin is not created as a result of the loan being extended - which is what happens in the vast majority of fiat currency bank lending today.
Since the creation of the loan doesn't expand the money supply, what is being borrowed when one borrows bitcoin is actually the stored excess productivity of the lender.  Whereas in a fiat currency denominated loan the excess productivity represented in the loan amount is counterfeited when the bank making the loan expands the money supply via the creation of the loan itself - thus stealing some of the excess productivity from all those who hold the currency in which the loan was denominated. 
@_date: 2016-01-17 18:53:44
I think your analogy is a little off.
Solomon is the one who suggested splitting the baby in order to test the validity of the competing mothers' claims.
So the correct use of the analogy would suggest that the "mother" who would see Bitcoin itself split rather than compromise with a larger blocksize hardfork is the party who fails the "caring about the baby" test.
And I'm not saying that MH is Solomon or that he cared about the baby.  But when you think about it, your analogy does suggest the he is the Solomon figure in this tale.
@_date: 2016-01-11 01:33:48
LOL.  But that's not the revenue Time Warner was expecting!  "AOL," "Steve," and "Case" are still curse words at TW Corporate.
@_date: 2016-01-02 18:17:47


Unfortunately, ML decided to go with that theme as it's the popular opinion and helps to sell movies and books (for financing and publication).
But it's not the truth.
Banking and the financial products that get created by bankers are some of the most regulated businesses and products in the world.  Always have been.  Without that massive level of regulatory control, we would have stopped using their products and services LONG ago in favor of sound money.
It is the centralized control of the business and the regulations themselves that caused that crisis and every other major banking crisis in history.
In this particular case it was Basel 2, which was a reaction to the problems caused by Basel 1.  And soon enough we're going to see the blowback from Basel 3 which was a reaction to the mess caused by Basel 2, and on and on ad infinitum...
...or until the public finally wakes up and realizes that regulation and centralized authority don't make things more efficient and safer than a free market.  You'd have thought the we would have learned that while observing the entire history of communism and the miseries that it inflicted on those unfortunate enough to have to live under its yoke, but apparently not.
  
@_date: 2016-01-28 00:32:33
Unfortunately the lion's share of those 341 contributors can't override the decisions made by the particular 11 in question.
@_date: 2016-01-16 19:53:10


And neither does it operate on the whims of a tyrannical minority, nor even the considered opinions of an expert oligopoly.
It would seem that the best way to determine the consensus is to fork and see where things end up - that end will surely represent the true consensus.  
@_date: 2016-01-24 17:51:23


It's amazingly good for that, and the other way round.
@_date: 2016-03-28 12:45:07
Yes it would be a very bad thing.  Make no mistake, these attempts to censor Bitcoin are not about terrorism and crime. Terrorism and crime pose almost no risk to either the large western governments interested in imposing censorship or to their citizens.
These censorship drives are all about the governments being afraid that their own citizens might discontinue using the money that their central bank masters control, which would make it much more difficult to control their citizens, which would make it much more difficult for them to abuse their citizens.
The governments of the world are not worried about terrorists and criminals using Bitcoin, they're worried about their citizen-serfs using Bitcoin, they're worried about you using Bitcoin and gaining a measure of control over your own finances that reduces their control over you.
So yeah, it's bad for you when they try to regulate Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2016-01-05 22:20:36
Excuse me.  ...atomic/elemental structure...  Comment still applies.
@_date: 2016-01-07 04:33:40
Agreed.  That's why I wrote "...but the idea is the same."  
Still, that policy didn't end up working out too well for the SNB!
I was just trying to be very precise given some of the egregious error in the article itself (Swiss bank accounts in Stockholm LOL). 
@_date: 2016-01-07 19:19:23
So you're suggesting that the miner's don't have a significant marginal cost to each Bitcoin they mine? 
I think that they'd strongly disagree with that, and then show you some electric bills and capital equipment replacement bills that would be staggering.
True that the marginal cost of producing Bitcoin was artificially constructed via the protocol. That's yet another demonstration of Satoshi's genius.
My point is not that the marginal cost structure of a good used as money imputes it's value as money or determines its spot price necessarily (though in the long run, the pricing structure of a good produced as money in a free market will behave like that of any other good). What I am saying is that a significant marginal cost structure of a good used as money is what ultimately prevents that good from being produced to counterfeit productivity, and without that marginal cost in place to prevent inflation, a good will never make a "good" money. 
@_date: 2016-01-05 15:51:59
@_date: 2016-01-31 07:59:30
Re-read the above. Can't really state it more clearly than that.
Do you run a node yourself?  Do you have any idea what the actual resource needs for running a node are and what the cost structure of running a node looks like?  Have you considered how larger blocks might affect your ability to run a node based on your experience doing it thus far?  
@_date: 2016-01-21 19:47:47
The modern (fractional reserve) banking system is constructed around the monetary creation function.  That is the core function of banks today - to create money, with virtually no productivity input that supplies a marginal cost to the monetary unit.
The monetary creation function is driven by the lending process.  Banks literally lend counterfeit excess productivity (money) into existence.  When they do that, the new money leeches its value from the value of all the other money of the same type as that of the loan that had previously been issued, stealing the excess productivity of those who have stored it in that currency.
As Bitcoin cannot be created without a productive input (has a significant marginal cost pf production) it cannot be used to counterfeit productivity via a fractional reserve system.  This makes it a vastly better store of excess productivity, and along with its built in payment, settlement, and record-keeping systems a vastly better overall money.  If allowed to freely compete with the monies produced by the modern factional reserve banking systems, it will destroy them, and take the modern banking systems down with it. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 15:38:18
But "he works for X" can often give important context to the technical discussion.  Motivations matter.
@_date: 2016-01-18 03:46:25
I actually thought the sarcasm would be obvious given the ludicrousness of the position.
@_date: 2016-01-27 18:58:55
When the majority of the scientists that matter are being paid by a company to develop a certain product line, it should come as no surprise that they all sign a document which supports the development of that product line.  That's not rocket science.
It should also come as no surprise that those same scientists would be more likely to believe that the development of that product line is beneficial for all - yet this does not make it so.
Thus, when significant scientists who are not being paid by the  company developing the product question whether or not the development of the product actually does accure to the benefit of everyone, what they say should probably carry a little more weight than the beliefs of those scientists who are being paid to develop the particular product line, no matter what the difference in numbers suggests.
Note that the product line is question is sidechains and layers and the company developing them is Blockstream.  
@_date: 2016-01-05 08:38:08


Bummer for you then.  One of the main consistent sources of alpha for astute professional investment managers is finding and buying "cheap lottery tickets" that are out of favor with the mainstream.  And yes, they literally call it that when pitching to institutional investors.   
@_date: 2016-01-16 02:30:30
Exactly. Thus the second and third paragraphs of my post.
@_date: 2016-01-02 09:34:54
In free and competitive markets cost savings get passed on to the consumer.
@_date: 2016-03-27 14:05:06
He's in Canada.  They're way out in front of the US with regard to taxing the serfs - they did just elect the teenage version of Bernie Sanders as Prime Minister. 
@_date: 2016-01-15 16:42:07
Hard to front-run a decline when you can't short.
@_date: 2016-01-17 19:47:52
They won't and certainly weren't designed to, but a free market in block space should do just fine when the time comes (free markets are always the most efficient price setting mechanisms).  
@_date: 2016-03-25 11:02:12
I truly wish you good luck as I think these are both beautiful and enterprising.
But as others have pointed out, the concept is seriously flawed in that the whole point to Bitcoin is the exclusivity of private key ownership.  There is no way in which these notes could be equivalent to a paper wallet, unless you enabled creating and printing them out from devices solely controlled by the end-user.
Your current model only works as a type of currency issuance for Bitcoin banks like Coinbase, Circle, Uphold, etc.
@_date: 2016-03-27 17:12:29
Of course, which is why I said "on average."
@_date: 2016-01-19 14:00:16
In order to see transaction fees at their natural equilibrium  price we have to eliminate the transaction fee price controls (in this case a subsidy) and let a free market determine that equilibrium price.
Most will likely agree that decentralization is a core value of the Bitcoin economic system.  Price controls are some of the most destructive tools of centralized planners, and should be abhorrent to those who subscribe to decentralized free markets.
The miners can determine and set the efficient supply curve on their own, and they are incentivized to do so by block orphaning risk for as long as the reward lasts.
@_date: 2016-01-23 03:08:19
You are confusing yourself with terminology - perhaps you are an academic.  Try to think in terms of what the terms actually represent.
1.  When you incur a debt you are borrowing someone else's excess productivity - whether you borrow an actual good or you borrow that excess productivity stored in the form of money.  What happens when the bank just creates the money and there wasn't actually any productivity that took place with its creation?  Answer: you are "borrowing" a little bit of the excess productivity of all others who have saved it using that particular money (without their consent) - most people call that stealing.  But in reality since most people don't actually know how their banking system works, it's the banks who are doing the stealing. 
2.  We weren't discussing a fixed base supply, we were discussing a fixed supply.  The term fixed base supply presupposes a fractional reserve system upon which money supply can be expanded via the creation of debt - in which case there can certainly be monetary inflation.  If, however, you actually have a fixed supply of money, then the lending of money doesn't itself create new money and you can't have inflation.
3.  I call it an equilibrium price - determined by the intersection of the supply and demand curves, not the addition of new money into the economy.
4.  You can't have price inflation without monetary inflation.  You can have price changes (up or down) becuase of shifts in supply/demand curves, but those changes aren't really inflation.  Again, think about what the term inflation actually means and why we use the term inflation instead of rising-prices or price-increases.
5.  You care because time.
       
@_date: 2016-01-14 05:32:45
Have heard good things about Liberty X.
@_date: 2016-01-05 15:55:14
Given that we know the molecular structure of Au, we could manufacture it in theory, but it would likely cost more to do so than to dig it up. 
That it has industrial use purposes is irrelevant to its value as a money. 
On a rough BOE calculation basis gold is currently valued at about 10% global reserve money status (if you assume $75T USD as global reserve supply and snapshot it).  Bitcoin currently valued at about 1.5 basis points.
Gold certainly has history in its corner and everybody should probably have some, but I'd say Bitcoin is the better speculative value proposition. 
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:26:00
How does one short Bitcoin?  Is there a borrow market for it?
@_date: 2016-01-17 06:58:42


To some maybe.  But if the Core devs have a different vision about the direction in which Bitcoin should evolve than a substantial portion of the interested parties (user base, miners, etc), they may well be in the best position to make technical judgements but in a very poor position to make the actual decisions about the optimal scaling strategies for the long term success of Bitcoin.   
@_date: 2016-01-15 20:56:56


Gradual is not necessarily better, and as others have pointed out SegWit is unlikely to be smooth as its a much more complicated change.
Both are certainly beneficial.  Given the absence of a well presented strong argument as to why a 2MB change would be so difficult and/or dangerous, that Core devs are refusing to do the 2MB upgrade and instead placing all the emphasis on SegWit, seems foolishly mypoic and driven by some agenda other than the best interests of Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2016-01-12 15:41:11
While Coinbase is somewhat superfluous now, and will become totally superfluous as BTC gains traction, both Coinbase and Circle seem to offer the fastest and lowest  hassle onramps to the BTC experience.
Unfortunately, in the US it's still more cumbersome to set up your own wallet and purchase BTC outside of their one stop shops than it is to use their services.  This is at least partially due to the regulatory environment for "money transmitters."
As bitcoin use becomes more widespread and they become easier to buy from individuals via services like LocalBitcoins, Craiglsist, or even your neighbors and friends, the Coinbase/Circle advantages will dissipate and they will become the AOLs of the Bitcoin space.  
@_date: 2016-01-22 17:18:07
It's not the loan itself that does the stealing - the lending of real excess productivity is a vitally important economic function.  It's the fact that most of the money used to extend the loans under a fractional reserve system didn't exist before the loan was extended that is the problem.  When that money is created the act of its creation automatically devalues all the rest of that money in existence, thus stealing the productivity of all those who have stored excess productivity using that particular money.  That's not helpful to an economy at all.  And a fixed money supply is inflation proof by definition (inflation is the expansion of the money supply - which results in rising prices).
@_date: 2016-01-18 03:21:15
Llyod &amp; Hardin's "Tragedy of the Commons" is a dubious theory that should largely be ignored (see Ostrom and/or Axelrod's work on the subject - I believe Ostrom got the Nobel for it).
As I said, miners will find themselves on both ends of the cost/benefit see-saw so none will be getting a free lunch, and are therefore likely to act as Ostrom &amp; Axelrod's studies suggest - with logical coordination.  As for the non-mining nodes, the point of their existence (and presumably the reason for it) is to contribute resources to the acceptance, validation, and transmission of transactions and blocks.  I am contributing resources to the network so that I can help it process more transactions.  Since I am not mining I don't care what the attached fees are.      
@_date: 2016-01-22 11:38:08
It's not a free market if a small committee decides to implement price controls to further their view of how the market good should be distributed.
Maintaining the hard cap at 1mb in order to "develop a fee market" is the implementation of a price control for the aforementioned purpose. 
@_date: 2016-01-30 03:55:27
Bollocks.  Your node now fits comfortably on a 120GB HDD.  You saying you can't afford a used 2TB HDD?
@_date: 2016-01-16 02:11:09
Stocks, bonds, some commodities, etc.
@_date: 2016-01-03 20:05:38
Circle is pretty easy and very fast for that amount.
@_date: 2016-01-02 10:06:39
You have PLENTY of debt there in Sweden.
@_date: 2016-01-04 00:46:20
How about all  all the time.  We need an NRA for Bitcoin.
Perhaps the NBA?
@_date: 2016-01-03 19:42:26
It seems to me that all the arguments against a block size increase presented in your link are even more true of SegWit.
Not saying that SegWit isn't a good proposal, just that using the potential complexity argument as a reason not to do blocksize increase and then proceeding with SegWit is logically inconsistent.
  
@_date: 2016-01-20 13:07:29
You must not be a US citizen. The US not only has secret laws, they have (get this) ..."secret evidence" as well!
George Orwell is turning over in his grave. 
@_date: 2016-01-20 03:46:42
The 1MB block size cap was never meant to be a price control.  Neither was it an original design element. It was added to be a stopgap protection against a DoS attack on the network. And the original intent was to raise it when and as necessary to accommodate growth in transaction traffic.  That's all well documented.
You might wish to study your Bitcoin history, lest you air YOUR buttcoin in the ignorant wind of your comments.  
@_date: 2016-01-20 13:16:50
So say those with a financial interest in building (a market for) other layers...
@_date: 2016-01-18 06:21:51
Ha!  Banks marking to market!  That's funny!
@_date: 2016-01-14 05:35:36
Pretty sure the Bit License doesn't apply to exchanges between private individuals not in the business of transmitting money.  If it does purport to apply to such cases, the State of NY likely has some significant legal challenges ahead of it. 
@_date: 2016-01-04 19:37:45
...and then discount the price of your good/service for people who pay in BTC.   You'll earn BTC and expand the user base at the same time.
@_date: 2016-06-21 21:01:53






Well, hopefully we can fork, get the money returned and leave no one with standing to turn this into a lawsuit.
@_date: 2016-06-25 23:50:53
...particularly when they are being constrained by a technocratic oligarchy with a recalcitrant political stance undergirded by an economic conflict of interest. 
**Edit:** overzealous and wildly inaccurate autocorrect 
@_date: 2016-06-06 05:29:04
Buying less purchasing power with more purchasing power is a fool's errand.  Though there are plenty of reasons not to hold dollars, they still have far more utility for goods purchase than bitcoin does. 
@_date: 2016-06-02 05:08:14


There's no need to when you can just buy the data from the large centralized hubs needed for efficient routing.  See the LN introductory talk at the SF dev conference for more details! 
@_date: 2016-06-21 06:44:34


Ethereum is supposed to be a system of contracts not a monetary system.  And you're actually incorrect about how contracts work.  When a unilateral mechanical error in a contract allows one party to "snatch-up" consideration to the detriment of other parties to the contract, the theft is considered to be the proximate cause of the loss, the contract is considered to be invalid, and the stolen property is returned to its rightful owners.
It works like that because contractual systems that legitimize theft via errors in contracts will never be considered valid and as such are DOA (pun intended). 
@_date: 2016-06-13 00:35:01
True that!  Same thing with the various scams, though I'm not sure whether Bitcoin makes people wiser about money or people who were already wiser about money were attracted to Bitcoin first. Probably a little of both, but in either case the free market market in money is a great thing to behold. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 19:25:20


You may think this, but that would be unreasonable.  Objectively Mt.Gox was a business that **used the Bitcoin blockchain** to provide a service to its customers but it was not (like the DAO objectively is) a set of **code actually running on the Ethereum blockchain**. 
@_date: 2016-01-21 22:18:57
As with bitcoin, hard money is exceptionally divisible.  What the central bank set decried as "liquidity problems" caused by a tie to actual money was nothing more than the accumulated whines of counterfeiters who had exhausted their ability to cheat the populace out of its excess productivity.
There was plenty of mineable gold and silver available, the broader economy just didn't value it enough for the miners to expend the productivity required to dig it up and turn it into money.  Had the demand for additional money surpassed the marginal cost of digging it up and refining it, it would have been produced.  The fact that it wasn't produced suggests that it wasn't really needed. 
@_date: 2016-06-11 14:06:30
You may also wish to consider CPU/GPU mining other currencies.  You can easily heat an entire small space CPU mining (which means it'll be quiet).
@_date: 2016-01-15 15:52:54


They already do this, the bold power grab happened 103 years ago.  The currency is called the US$ - a debt obligation of the Federal Reserve Banking System, which is a large group of banks that is independent from the US government.
@_date: 2016-01-17 22:10:04
That is true, and perhaps you should heed your own advice in that regard.
@_date: 2016-06-02 05:04:55


Just because governments don't like a particular set of profits doesn't make them morally questionable.  Law != Morality.
@_date: 2016-06-07 04:06:26
In this case the rationale is to obtain some measurement (albeit a loose one) of the market's estimation of the total purchasing power of all the bitcoin assumed to exist - without a time preference (aka fire sale) price adjustment so ignoring liquidity measures.  And while inaccurate, it's still valuable information in the same way that understanding the total market value of any asset or good might be regardless of the (non-edge case) market depth for that asset .
Oh, and trivial price movement in a Markov process is pretty much how you define low volatility or the absence of volatility.  Shallow market depth will tend to create **non-trivial** price movement which over a stochastic process could be described as "high volatility."
@_date: 2016-06-25 23:48:43
...much like the were reluctant to the gold standard transitioning into a high value transactions and settle nuts only layer, and for the same good reasons. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 16:04:26
That was a broad application to target the specific and individual UTXOs that contained the "unusual output."  It had the same effect as targeting individual keys. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 19:18:13
1.  In both the Bitcoin bug case, and the DAO case, the inflation of the tokens were just mechanisms used to steal value (which will be addressed in 2).  In the Bitcoin case the fix was to invalidate the excess tokens by rolling back the blockchain and by doing so reallocate the tokens from a state where the vast majority were held by the UTXO(s) presumably belonging to the hacker that took advantage of the bug to steal back to the token distribution before the hack.  I'm advocating for the same outcome in this case though the mechanism for achieving it will have to differ.
2.  In the Austrian inflation argument what effect does the inflation of the money supply have on the existing pre-inflation money?  To whom does the difference in value accrue?  You said it yourself:


3.  If we are participants in pooled ownership of an asset where the individual owners' share of the pooled asset is pre-determined and one of the individuals uses a bug in code to withdraw more of the pooled asset than that to which he is entitled by the pre-determined scheme, he is violating property rights from the Austrian perspective (and most others for that matter). 
 
@_date: 2016-06-21 06:55:55


...via a manipulation of the total quantity of DAO tokens.
Just like the Bitcoin bug the thief stole value from all the other token holders by by inflating the number of tokens that he held.  
@_date: 2016-01-04 06:29:57
Maybe, they're pretty effective at keeping the Feds at bay - thanks be to God.
We will need that same effectiveness because a populace in control of its own money is even more dangerous to an authoritarian state than a populace that's well armed.  (Thus Article 1 Section 10 &amp; 2A).    
@_date: 2016-06-21 22:49:10
1.  All PoW consensus mechanism operate on two levels: the code validates at the base level and the humans decide how the code validates at a higher level via miner/node vote on which code to run.
2.  Certainly courts may attack cryptocurrencies and smart contracts.  If we do things like legitimize theft via error in contract we will give them another attack vector.  Hopefully we can minimize the effectiveness of the attack vectors by staying decentralized and pseudonymous.
3.  Unfortunately AI is not yet advanced enough to replicate the "reasonable man."  Fortunately, in Ethereum and other cryptos we have decentralized networks of reasonable men deciding which code to run and the system explicitly relies on their rational self-interest to help assure that they will exhibit "reasonable man" behavior.     
@_date: 2016-06-06 18:58:44
As you know its a more general term covering the PMF and the CDF.  
Or maybe you don't know and are just pretending to know something about statistics.
Because if you were actually familiar with stat, you'd probably just have assumed that he meant to say density instead of distribution and either got spell checked or just did an "old guy" substitution for the more general term.
It is asshattery that reveals true ignorance, not a simple word switch for a still correct, but just less accurate term. 
@_date: 2016-06-06 20:16:50


What do you mean by this statement?
@_date: 2016-06-09 15:32:01
When you think about it that's actually perfect for national fiats. 
@_date: 2016-06-10 19:51:31


Many would probably complain and then thousands of entrepreneurs would start providing even better service and the complaints would largely vanish, leaving us with a more efficient system that served people better at lower cost (ie society would be better off).
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:31:36


This is true and it should be pitched and developed as such, not as a replacement for Bitcoin's payments function as **the** scaling solution.
@_date: 2016-06-09 15:33:25
Nah, I think he was the guy that took it from everyone. You may be thinking of Notakeshita. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 06:51:26


...but the moral hazard introduced to a system of contracts by legitimizing theft via error in contracts is sane?
@_date: 2016-06-28 05:13:00
Headers first mining and his SSD prices are double the actual price points **for 20MB blocks**.
Non-issue at the moment, whereas transaction capacity is actually an issue at the moment..
@_date: 2016-06-02 19:51:39


Governments do this all the time.  Trying (and failing) to think of one that doesn't, Swiss probably come closest.
@_date: 2016-06-06 05:54:38
...or maybe like buying AOL.  Time will tell.
@_date: 2016-06-11 06:25:21
If you mean that nobody is free from responsibility, that's true.  Responsibility and freedom are just two sides of the same coin.
It is also true that men perpetually try to enslave other men, and the most insidious way that they have done that historically is to offer to be responsible for the other men that they would enslave.  
Yet, neither of those facts mean that we shouldn't strive to take up responsibility for ourselves and the freedom that comes with that.
@_date: 2016-06-12 20:35:40
Absolutely, functioning economies need credit to run efficiently, but they don't need credit based monetary expansion to run efficiently.  
What this means is that when you lend someone money, you can't also access that money until the loan is repaid.  In crypto terms that means that you can't double spend, in banking terms that means no fractional reserve lending which, in turn, means that running a loan book doesn't require "reserves" because you're not simultaneously giving out loans and allowing depositors to have access to their funds.
LN does have quite a bit of usefulness for micropayments, but if we rely on it to form the backbone of Bitcoin P2P payments it will exert enormous centralization pressure on the ecosystem and severely threaten Bitcoin's censorship resistance because the LN nodes scale efficiency with directly capitalization.  Building an LN payments system on top of the Bitcoin protocol as the payments scaling solution will replicate our current banking system, without the fractional reserve, but with much of the centralization and censorship fragility. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 15:15:22


I commend you to any basic review of contract law.
Theft was the proximate cause of the loss in this case and yes people want the theft to be sanctioned and their property returned, just like happens in any contractual system when an error in the contract is used to steal.
And contractual systems work that way precisely to prevent the **moral hazard** of using errors in contracts to legitimize theft - largely because the purpose of a contractual system is to ensure the orderly and valid transfer of property/value and theft is precisely the opposite of that. 
@_date: 2016-06-08 17:13:55
**Pro Tip:** rewind to the start, unfortunately I just copied the link from the other sub and didn't reset the timestamp in it.  My apologioes. 
@_date: 2016-06-06 20:39:59
It is vague and nonstandard for statisticians, which is why I said:


I find it hard to believe that you've never heard the term before though.  In any case, on a quick google [here's a source] ( and [and here's an MIT statistics prof using the term in lecture] ( 
@_date: 2016-06-12 20:35:38
Absolutely, functioning economies need credit to run efficiently, but they don't need credit based monetary expansion to run efficiently.  
What this means is that when you lend someone money, you can't also access that money until the loan is repaid.  In crypto terms that means that you can't double spend, in banking terms that means no fractional reserve lending which, in turn, means that running a loan book doesn't require "reserves" because you're not simultaneously giving out loans and allowing depositors to have access to their funds.
LN does have quite a bit of usefulness for micropayments, but if we rely on it to form the backbone of Bitcoin P2P payments it will exert enormous centralization pressure on the ecosystem and severely threaten Bitcoin's censorship resistance because the LN nodes scale efficiency with directly capitalization.  Building an LN payments system on top of the Bitcoin protocol as the payments scaling solution will replicate our current banking system, without the fractional reserve, but with much of the centralization and censorship fragility. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 06:37:45


Nah, pretty sure they rolled back the blockchain and invalidated UTXOs that held the extra Bitcoin.  They had to have.  Once the bitcoin is created it's sitting in a UTXO somewhere that someone has a key to. 
@_date: 2016-06-28 05:18:07


There, fixed that for you.
@_date: 2016-06-11 16:23:30
The absence of needs or desires is not freedom, though that is a common misconception.   
@_date: 2016-06-21 21:25:40
You can see [the DAO code] (  running on the Ethereum blockchain.  Please show me the Mount Gox code that was running on the Bitcoin blockchain. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 19:00:26


Traditionally bad faith does actually overwhelm other proximate causes where mistakes are concerned - unless consideration is "snatched-up" by one party to the detriment of other parties contracts are typically upheld regardless of the mistake, which is to say that if the loss is due to accident of circumstance rather than a taking/theft the contract would be upheld and restitution not made.
And I would be hard pressed to understand how this would be seen as a mutual mistake as not all the parties to the contract were mistaken as to the substance of the terms - indeed one party used that mistake to steal from the other parties.  In the case of unilateral mechanical mistakes, the standard for awareness is that of a reasonable man and I think it's safe to say that the reasonable man would believe that allowing one of the parties to drain more than his fare share of ETH from the DAO ETH account would not make sense and is therefore a mechanical mistake in the contract.
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:46:44
Then don't connect to a bazillion peers.  Anything more than 8 helps the network, so if your network connection can't handle 50 connections, cut it back to 25 or 20 or whatever works for you.
I connect to about 15-20 peers on average over Tor (without limiting) for each of 5 different nodes all run on one computer (one BTC, 3 alts, and OB) and use less total bandwidth than my wife, children, and father do streaming music and video throughout the day.    
@_date: 2016-06-21 21:15:30


If it weren't relevant there would be no issue with having 184,021,000,000 Bitcoin floating around with at least 184,000,000,000 of it in the hands of one individual (and his friends and family).
@_date: 2016-06-12 20:39:55
Absolutely, functioning economies need credit to run efficiently, but they don't need credit based monetary expansion to run efficiently.  
What this means is that when you lend someone money, you can't also access that money until the loan is repaid.  In crypto terms that means that you can't double spend, in banking terms that means no fractional reserve lending which, in turn, means that running a loan book doesn't require "reserves" because you're not simultaneously giving out loans and allowing depositors to have access to their funds.
LN does have quite a bit of usefulness for micropayments, but if we rely on it to form the backbone of Bitcoin P2P payments it will exert enormous centralization pressure on the ecosystem and severely threaten Bitcoin's censorship resistance because the LN nodes scale efficiency with directly capitalization.  Building an LN payments system on top of the Bitcoin protocol as the payments scaling solution will replicate our current banking system, without the fractional reserve, but with much of the centralization and censorship fragility.
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:23:11
It is, but it wasn't his.  JP made a similar analogy when he and TD introduced LN last year.
@_date: 2016-06-06 18:50:21


That's all the more reason it should be convenient and welcoming.  When you have so much at stake you want to make it very easy for the best ideas to come to the fore.  
@_date: 2016-06-12 07:36:36
I hear that.  I am just wary of the comparison because it is being used to de-emphasize the importance of the P2P payment aspect of Bitcoin.  To the extent that we degrade the onchain P2P payments function of Bitcoin we do it grievous harm.
@_date: 2016-06-26 00:02:13
Aren't we supposed to be creating gold 2.0 on a settlements and large transactions only blockhain?  Neither of those things are mainstream applications. 
@_date: 2016-06-12 20:39:56
Absolutely, functioning economies need credit to run efficiently, but they don't need credit based monetary expansion to run efficiently.  
What this means is that when you lend someone money, you can't also access that money until the loan is repaid.  In crypto terms that means that you can't double spend, in banking terms that means no fractional reserve lending which, in turn, means that running a loan book doesn't require "reserves" because you're not simultaneously giving out loans and allowing depositors to have access to their funds.
LN does have quite a bit of usefulness for micropayments, but if we rely on it to form the backbone of Bitcoin P2P payments it will exert enormous centralization pressure on the ecosystem and severely threaten Bitcoin's censorship resistance because the LN nodes scale efficiency with directly capitalization.  Building an LN payments system on top of the Bitcoin protocol as the payments scaling solution will replicate our current banking system, without the fractional reserve, but with much of the centralization and censorship fragility.
@_date: 2016-06-26 05:58:05
Then he'll also be wanting to slow down on separating the conjoined monetary functions of the Bitcoin protocol into separate layers, and he'll certainly be wanting to halt the transition to a payments system in which the node efficiency scales directly with capitalization.
@_date: 2016-06-02 05:09:13
...if it benefits Blockstream to have Core do so.
@_date: 2016-06-13 00:02:34


Fair enough, but in order for the inflation caused by using debt as money not to be theft there would have to be a free market in the different monies, not necessarily the interests rates for a given money.  And given that free market, the debt based inflationary money would likely fail as no one rational would want to accept it.  That's why we have legal tender laws.
@_date: 2016-06-06 05:53:14


As went MySpace, so went social media?
As went Blackberry, so went smartphones?
@_date: 2016-06-02 19:47:36
Except that it's secured by actual physical gold someplace rather than a distributed proof-of-work consensus mechanism, which means that it's not trustless but instead relies on a centralized trusted 3rd party and is not at all censorship resistant.  In other words, it's not like Bitcoin at all.
@_date: 2016-06-11 06:16:42


Go watch JP and TD introduce LN again.  Larger more capitalized nodes will collect a **lot** more, and more valuable transaction data, and transaction data will be what the node game is all about.  They will be able to subsidize their fees, possibly even to the point of providing the routing for free (or the negative fees of which you speak).  The super nodes will become essentially like banks - except for the fractional reserve part, which is a big exception, but they will have all the censorship fragility of banks and the big Bitcoin exchanges today.  The bummer is that rather than sitting at the edges of the Bitcoin ecosystem providing onboarding, they'll be sitting right in the middle of it handling most of the transaction load if all goes according to Blockstream/Core plans. 
@_date: 2016-06-10 20:26:13
Something is seriously wrong with your connection or your LAN network then.  Perhaps your ISP is throttling it.  Or it could be that the computer you're using as a node is connected via wifi with poor signal (and thus not getting much throughput).  50Mbps is **far** more than you need to maintain one full Bitcoin node with a fairly limited number of connections.  Like I said I run 5 nodes simultaneously on one computer with at least 6 other computers, 3 tablets, and 4 phones all streaming all kinds of data over a standard home 100Mbps ISP service and often there will be two 1080p video being streamed simultaneously to node operation and other traffic as well.  No issues. 
@_date: 2016-06-28 05:15:55


There, fixed that for you.
@_date: 2016-06-21 17:26:17
Mt Gox was not code running on the Bitcoin blockchain, the DAO is code running on the Ethereum blockchain.  Furthermore it is now believed that the bug which exposed the DAO code is endemic to Ethereum itself.
@_date: 2016-06-21 17:23:10
1.  The DAO, like Bitcoin, was coded to have a fixed number of tokens at the end of the creation period and like in Bitcoin a bug in the code was hacked to to exceed that cap.
2.  It's funny that you would quote link to an HHH article to make that assertion as the Austrians pretty much defined monetary inflation as the act of stealing **value** from the existing money stock. 
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:06:39
The really awesome thing about Bitcoin is that you don't need anyone's permission, and therefore you don't need to go anywhere to register or set up an account.
You create and control your own account(s) with your software on your computer, tablet, or phone.  And that means that you control your money.  How novel, right?
Imagine that the Bitcoin network is a post office box room that is the size of the solar system - so it has **a lot** of PO boxes.  The Bitcoin software itself that is on everyone's computer, phone, or tablet administers the boxes so no one has to rely on a specific person or company or even a specific set of computers.  The "wallet" software that you use will assign you a random PO box address and a long numerical code that acts as a private key to that box.  You can then tell the folks who would like to donate to you the number of your PO box (your public key address) and they can instruct their wallet software to put money in that box.  When they do that, their wallet software announces to everyone else's software that it did so, but no names are announced (because you didn't sign up for an account anywhere) just box numbers.  Just like a real PO box, anyone can look at the box and see if there's money in there, but only you have the private key to be able to open it and access the money.
Most people use a new box for every transaction, and one can do that because the box room is literally the size of the solar system.  It's so big that even if everyone uses a different box for every transaction and their wallet software picks the boxes at random, the chance that 2 people ever get assigned the same box is virtually non-existent.  The main reason that people do that is to help preserve their privacy by making it harder for observers to connect their identity to all of their transactions.  That is usually less important for charities, however, and some charities actually prefer that their donations be a matter of public record.
Of course, the flipside of independence is responsibility.  Since you are in complete control of your box(es), you have responsibility to keep them secure.  The private key to your box is sufficiently complex that it cannot be guessed by powerful computers in any time frame that would make it reasonable to attempt, **but**
...you have to be very careful to keep your private key secret.  If someone else gains access to the private keys for your boxes, he can take the money out of them just as easily as you can.  So, you have to be careful to keep your private keys safe from prying eyes - and there will be prying eyes.  In addition to making sure that your private keys are not stored in places where they can be seen (like in unencrypted form on a computer that is not strongly protected and itself encrypted), organizations often create boxes that have multiple private keys needed to open them and then distribute the individual keys to different people.  These are called multi-sig addresses because technically, your software uses your private keys to sign a message to the network demonstrating that you own the private key in order to allow you access to take money from your box.
While that is an oversimplified analogy of how Bitcoin works with some inaccuracies, it was useful to me when I first started looking into Bitcoin, and I hope it can be useful to you.
GLHF!         
 
@_date: 2016-06-21 06:38:50


No, actually it didn't.  This is an Ethereum bug in part.
@_date: 2016-06-21 06:49:25
Consider that if the theft is allowed to stand the Ethereum contractual system (and that's what Ethereum is) will be legitimizing theft via errors in contract.  Contractual systems exist to establish orderly means for the valid transfer of property/value form one party to another.  If your contractual system legitimizes theft via error in contract it will have a very difficult time indeed establishing itslf as a valid system of property/value transfer.  
@_date: 2016-06-11 06:20:37


LOL.  Clearly you've never been an entrepreneur.  Regulations are the bane of any entrepreneurial venture and of all small/start up businesses.  The regulatory system is entirely captured by large corporate interests who use it to stifle competition from entrepreneurs.  That's what regulation was designed to do from its very outset in the early 20th century.
@_date: 2016-06-06 05:31:12
How many coins does Satoshi control again?  That's not a pre-mine?
@_date: 2016-06-26 04:24:30
Building a modern banking system atop Bitcoin (Bitcoin  = SWIFT 2.0) may be good for both the VC funds and the companies that aim to sell private layers and sidechains which they have funded, but it is bad for the billions of people who such a system might ~~serve~~ capture.
The power and genius of Bitcoin and its progeny is that it **combines**, atomizes, and broadly distributes all the functions of a monetary system across a decentralized network of individuals.  If we re-separate those monetary functions into distinct layers we invite specialization, which is always followed by centralization and its deleterious effects on censorship resistance.
@_date: 2016-06-12 20:51:28
Absolutely, functioning economies need credit to run efficiently, but they don't need credit based monetary expansion to run efficiently.  
What this means is that when you lend someone money, you can't also access that money until the loan is repaid.  In crypto terms that means that you can't double spend, in banking terms that means no fractional reserve lending which, in turn, means that running a loan book doesn't require "reserves" because you're not simultaneously giving out loans and allowing depositors to have access to their funds.
LN does have quite a bit of usefulness for micropayments, but if we rely on it to form the backbone of Bitcoin P2P payments it will exert enormous centralization pressure on the ecosystem and severely threaten Bitcoin's censorship resistance because the LN nodes scale efficiency with directly capitalization.  Building an LN payments system on top of the Bitcoin protocol as the payments scaling solution will replicate our current banking system, without the fractional reserve, but with much of the centralization and censorship fragility. 
@_date: 2016-06-06 09:29:14
I didn't get a fair chance, the information was asymmetrically distributed.  I'm not complaing, just pointing out that "pre-minine" charges are largely irrelevant.  
@_date: 2016-01-18 00:14:03
True that, but let us both hope that the wisest side wins.  The "smart" is often the enemy of the practical, and thus becomes the fool.
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:04:07


The bankers control the government.  I know because I used to be one (a banker).
The large corporations have a more symbiotic relationship with the government, usually friendly but sometimes contentious when they have competitive squabbles.  The large corporations need the government to enact and enforce the regulation which protects their monopolies and oligopolies.  The individuals who hold power in the government need the large corporations to provide the payments/bribes for access to the lawmaking/enforcing power that comprises the regulatory web.
The whole thing revolves around the power to create money and the power to extract productivity from the larger populace via coercion.  The bankers control the money, the government controls the coercion, and the large corporations have to compete with each other for access to both levers of power.      
@_date: 2016-06-02 19:49:25
...unless the trusted 3rd party holding the gold proves less than trustworthy, or your particular government (or theirs) wants to stop the transaction and/or seize your money.
@_date: 2016-06-06 05:57:15
Those are bubble kind of statements.  I heard the same thing at the 2007 ASF Conference in Vegas (the one featured in The Big Short).
If you're questioning yourself you're being smart.
@_date: 2016-06-05 06:39:32
10 other things that weren't "going to go anywhere:"
1.  The Duesenberg Model A
2.  Blackberry smart phones
3.  Pop Rocks
4.  Diet Rite Cola
5.  Fax machines
6.  Blockbuster Video
7.  Tower Records
8.  MySpace
9.  Diner's Club card
10.  AOL
 
Note that we still drive expensive luxury cars, use smart phones, eat candy, drink diet soda, send each other documents, watch rented movies, buy music, participate in online social media, buy meals with credit cards, and surf the web.  We just don't do those things in the same ways that were once overwhelming standards.  The early investors in all of those things made a lot of money, those who were so confident in their long term investment that they didn't see the changes coming lost a lot of money.
Be unbaffled. 
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:47:57
No, that would be too controversial, instead they're just letting it die on the vine.
@_date: 2016-06-10 18:01:21


It is both.  The genius of the Bitcoin design is that it combined all the functions of a monetary system (creation, storage, payments, settlements, and record-keeping) into one package, atomized it, and distributed to all the users so as to inhibit specialization, and thereby protect decentralization.  The folly of current designs for the development of Bitcoin is to split the functions into separate layers, which will inevitably create specialization and thereby exert significant centralization pressure on the ecosystem.  This is what happened to mining, and LN will see the same happen to payments.
We have seen this before, it's how all monetary systems devolve into a centralized control model, and it's probably why Satoshi designed Bitcoin the way he did.  Unfortunately, the current slate of developers appear to have less experience with economics, finance, and monetary history than would be required to avoid such pitfalls.
@_date: 2016-06-06 21:10:49
Market depth is a measure of liquidity, not value.  Liquidity affects the price of an asset by the differential between the buyer's and seller's time preferences, but it isn't a measure of asset value itself.  Usually when we refer to the value of an asset (and always when we refer to the market value of financial assets) the liquidity premium is not included in the measurement. 
@_date: 2016-06-28 13:51:17
Generally agreed, but not a big Johnson fan either, he's a LINO. 
@_date: 2016-06-12 20:36:27
Absolutely, functioning economies need credit to run efficiently, but they don't need credit based monetary expansion to run efficiently.  
What this means is that when you lend someone money, you can't also access that money until the loan is repaid.  In crypto terms that means that you can't double spend, in banking terms that means no fractional reserve lending which, in turn, means that running a loan book doesn't require "reserves" because you're not simultaneously giving out loans and allowing depositors to have access to their funds.
LN does have quite a bit of usefulness for micropayments, but if we rely on it to form the backbone of Bitcoin P2P payments it will exert enormous centralization pressure on the ecosystem and severely threaten Bitcoin's censorship resistance because the LN nodes scale efficiency with directly capitalization.  Building an LN payments system on top of the Bitcoin protocol as the payments scaling solution will replicate our current banking system, without the fractional reserve, but with much of the centralization and censorship fragility. 
@_date: 2016-06-07 14:30:21
If they aren't (and you are correct that they aren't) neither is Bitcoin really, even though we may call it that. Like the fax machine it's just a method for achieving a specific type of communication which can be replaced by a better technology.  And very much like the Diners Club card it is a particular brand of method which can be replaced by a more agile competitor. 
@_date: 2016-06-03 18:50:14


...as it has in every similar system throughout history


...eventually followed every nation in the world losing the gold standard and adopting central bank controlled fiat because...
**...that is what happens when you rely on "trusted" 3rd parties for the administration of a monetary system...**
...which is why trustless cryptographically secured monetary systems relying on distributed consensus via algorithmic mathematical proof are such an important invention, and...
**...layering them with a trusted 3rd party monetary administration is oxymoronic.**  
@_date: 2016-06-05 06:55:28
...but you may have to wait an hour or two for the bitcoin to confirm because who knows what the fee should be so I'll be taking an informed guess based on the traffic over the last few hours.  So if you notice that the transaction is RBF flagged, that'll be why so you can go ahead and send me the tulips anyway 'cause I'll be good for it and the bitcoin will eventually settle when demand dies down and fees come back down, or when SegWit gets released to double the transaction size after all the wallets upgrade and everybody uses multi-sig.
@_date: 2016-06-28 02:07:44
Maybe because it's got an unnecessary discounting mechanism that subsidizes certain transaction types that are relied upon by the products that a particular company plans to sell at the expense of the more common P2P payment transaction types?    
@_date: 2016-06-28 14:10:39
Yes!  Try mentioning that taxation is theft, for example, and they come out pretty hard with the standard array of weak arguments defending theft.  They usually peter out after a rebuttal or two as they typically haven't considered the opinions which they're paid to repeat. 
@_date: 2016-06-12 06:05:44
If Bitcoin is eventually seen as a better gold, it will have failed.  It was designed to be so much more.  Comparing it to gold is both anachronistic and limiting.
@_date: 2016-06-22 18:27:16
The source of my objection is a dissatisfaction with theft as a means of transferring property.  The whitehat attack is a legitimate attempt to recover stolen goods.  I do think that it would be a better result for Ethereum if the recovery happened by fork though as it would send the unequivocal message that the community will not legitimize theft via contractual error - a value that I believe is vital to upholding the validity of a contractual system.
@_date: 2016-06-02 04:59:18


Don't see the immediate benefit to Blockstream in doing so. Given that, it's unlikely that ZKPs can be added without a CHF. 
@_date: 2016-06-06 09:36:53
Let's see, the dominant protocol with huge network effect - you mean like faxes or more like the Diner's Club credit card?
@_date: 2016-06-12 19:06:48
What we want is for Bitcoin (and other cryptos) to end up being **the money and currency** of a march larger economy, not the monetary reserve for a much larger economy with something else acting as the currency on a fractional reserve basis.
Reserves and reserve currencies are required by fractional reserve banking and (soft or hard) currency pegging.  Even gold "reserves" were just a function of having a fractional reserve system based on a hard currency.  When we truly take banks and governments "out of the loop" the idea of bank/currency "reserves" will go with it.
If Bitcoin is successful money will be hard in that there will be no "paper" bitcoin that needs backing by "reserves" of actual bitcoin.  Money will be a bearer instrument, and the supply of it will not be inflatable via loan expansion.  Nor (hopefully) will we implement a Bretton Woods Agreement style pegging system for the cryptocurrency universe which would require the central authorities controlling the cryptos to hold various currency reserves.
It is precisely these types of misunderstandings that arise from conflating Bitcoin with gold.  Bitcoin adopting a reserve function similar to that of gold is demonstrative of the failure of Bitcoin because it means that Bitcoin has not become the de facto fractional-reserve-free currency itself.
That being said, it is also useful to remember that at one point gold did have a P2P payments function and it did serve as both the money and the currency simultaneously.  Of course that was before a small group of technocrats got together and determined that gold was too cumbersome to scale so the world would be much better off using gold as a monetary reserve for application in a settlements layer and for large value transactions while their currency products and payments solutions could be used for the vast majority of P2P payments because their currency products and payments networks "scaled better."  Funny how history repeats itself. 
@_date: 2016-06-06 19:01:20
You can also try LibertyX, or going to your local Bitcoin meetup.
@_date: 2016-06-06 05:29:45
Centralization and ignoring customers are not endemic to profitability.
@_date: 2016-06-08 16:50:48
Found this on another CC's sub and was surprised that it wasn't posted here.
@_date: 2016-01-27 13:47:32
By refraining from meaningfully engaging a large part of the user base who disagrees with them, Core is being political, whether they intend to be or not.
@_date: 2016-01-20 12:47:53
...whereas a much smaller number of other people want to change the real monetary function of Bitcoin into a settlements layer on top of which their company can build other tools, some of which may or may not function as money.
Edit: It has been pointed out to me that I should have been more specific and said "...into a settlements ONLY layer..."
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:28:36


Immutability is not the sole purpose of the blockchain.  It also serves to timestamp and order transactions.
@_date: 2016-06-11 16:43:29
Clearly I cannot speak for In my view the point of regulation is to control activity, specifically to consolidate the control of particular economic activities into the hands of a particular group of people so as to deny a larger group of people the opportunity to decide for themselves how to order that economic activity among themselves.
As such, any regulation is designed to limit free entrepreneurship in order to enforce a particular group's view of a "beneficial ordering" of an economic activity rather than allow free voluntary interaction between all individuals to establish the ordering of the economic activity in question.
NY's Bit License is a particularly acute (and corrupt) example of the use of the regulatory control mechanism.
Should you choose to examine the history of regulatory structure in Western civilization (and probably the others with which I am less familiar as well), you will find private and corporate interests petitioning the state for protection from free market forces at its foundation.      
@_date: 2016-06-05 06:15:51
...but the development of which is controlled by a cabal of technocrats the most influential of whom all work for a for-profit enterprise that they founded in order to sell products and services ancillary to the monetary system over which they have developmental control. Okie-Dokie. 
@_date: 2016-06-10 19:48:44
Centralized violence is better?  One thing is for sure - it's more efficient.  Is more efficient violence better?
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:37:38
Here's one:
Lightning nodes scale efficiency with capitalization (more and better funded channels make a node more efficient).  Given that, LN will introduce a significant amount of centralization pressure to the Bitcoin ecosystem, probably more than ASICs and in a part of the ecosystem that is potentially more harmed by centralization than mining - payments, tethering Bitcoin to LN as the main payments layer will devastate its censorship resistance in the medium term. 
@_date: 2016-06-02 04:56:40
I think the hype is because ZKPs are Cabbage Patch Kids of the crypto world at the moment.
@_date: 2016-06-03 13:22:44
Except that it doesn't function as any other real crypto, because it is not itself the money (the gold is), and as the token holder is not in possession of the actual money (the gold) it functions almost exactly like the US dollar banking system from 1900 to 1933, which also had third party verified, geographically distributed, insured gold backing and worked to allow people to exchange gold easily - until it didn't. 
@_date: 2016-06-22 06:53:36
There was a debate (I presume) and it was decided that the hacker/thief/lucky recipient should not have them.
@_date: 2016-06-12 20:35:41
Absolutely, functioning economies need credit to run efficiently, but they don't need credit based monetary expansion to run efficiently.  
What this means is that when you lend someone money, you can't also access that money until the loan is repaid.  In crypto terms that means that you can't double spend, in banking terms that means no fractional reserve lending which, in turn, means that running a loan book doesn't require "reserves" because you're not simultaneously giving out loans and allowing depositors to have access to their funds.
LN does have quite a bit of usefulness for micropayments, but if we rely on it to form the backbone of Bitcoin P2P payments it will exert enormous centralization pressure on the ecosystem and severely threaten Bitcoin's censorship resistance because the LN nodes scale efficiency with directly capitalization.  Building an LN payments system on top of the Bitcoin protocol as the payments scaling solution will replicate our current banking system, without the fractional reserve, but with much of the centralization and censorship fragility. 
@_date: 2016-06-05 16:25:50
Yes it would be, so the presumption that competition from different implementations is somehow "an attack" or "a coup" as opposed to simply competition for the favor of the market is demonstrative of just how some view Bitcoin and their control over it. 
@_date: 2016-06-08 16:59:03
I guessed as much, just being polite with the "surprise."
@_date: 2016-06-12 20:36:02
Absolutely, functioning economies need credit to run efficiently, but they don't need credit based monetary expansion to run efficiently.  
What this means is that when you lend someone money, you can't also access that money until the loan is repaid.  In crypto terms that means that you can't double spend, in banking terms that means no fractional reserve lending which, in turn, means that running a loan book doesn't require "reserves" because you're not simultaneously giving out loans and allowing depositors to have access to their funds.
LN does have quite a bit of usefulness for micropayments, but if we rely on it to form the backbone of Bitcoin P2P payments it will exert enormous centralization pressure on the ecosystem and severely threaten Bitcoin's censorship resistance because the LN nodes scale efficiency with directly capitalization.  Building an LN payments system on top of the Bitcoin protocol as the payments scaling solution will replicate our current banking system, without the fractional reserve, but with much of the centralization and censorship fragility. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 21:42:29


That's what the decentralization is supposed to prevent by disbursing that vote geographically and obscuring identification via pseudonymity.
Either the purported attacker was fake, or the real attacker was lying when he made that claim.  I seriously doubt that a legitimate law firm (he claimed it was a law firm, not a court) would write an opinion and thereby stake their reputation signing off on such a sketchy activity with a set of very large and very public consequences.
The central values of any contractual system are validity and integrity in an orderly transfer of property between parties to the contract.  Legitimizing theft negates the validity of contracts more than preventing theft via invalidation negates their integrity.
Again, in the contract you described one or more of the parties may have failed to read the contract, but that does not mean that there was a unilateral mechanical mistake in the contract.  As you described the situation the reasonable man would likely say quite the opposite, that the contract was very clear and the lessee just failed to read it.  In the case of the DAO even experts were unable to identify that the outcome of the code would be different form that which most (but not all) of the parties expected and that there was therefore a mechanical mistake which allowed one party to steal from the other parties creating a theft condition as the proximate cause of the loss.  
@_date: 2016-06-21 22:24:26
1.  Certainly decentralization isn't perfect, but it's a solid start and I'm willing to trust it more than central banks with my money and possibly more than courts with my contracts (we'll see how this turns out).
2.  Don't see how these two things are connected.
3.  A reasonable man reading the contract you described would have been easily able to determine the potential consequences of a rolling lease structure, would likely have believed that it was the intention of both parties to have a rolling lease, and therefore would not likely have judged there to be a mechanical mistake in that contract.  OTOH, experts looked at the DAO code for months and were unable to catch the exploit until about a week ago.  It is likely that a reasonable man would conclude that there was a unilateral mechanical mistake as no party would reasonably consent to allowing one party to inflate DAO tokens so as to be able to withdraw more Ether from the DAO balance than that to which he was entitled by his original pro-rata share.    
@_date: 2016-06-21 17:17:45


In crypto land decentralized validation happens via a PoW consensus mechanism on two levels:
1.  Code decides whether contracts or valid and
2.  Miner/node vote decides how the code decides
I'm totally OK with that mechanism because I fundamentally believe in the underlying premise behind using PoW consensus as a decentralized control and decision-making mechanism.
In the particular case of the DAO the community needs to decide whether or not it will allow the legitimization of theft via errors in contract or invalidate the contract.
In the particular case you cite (as you describe it) the judge likely ruled the way he did because there was no error in the contract which allowed theft to be a proximate cause of loss to another party to the contract.  It certainly wasn't a case of error or imprecision in the contract being gamed to institute an involuntary taking thus the proximate cause for any loss was the lack of judgement of the losing party and the contract was allowed to stand as valid.  Taht ruling should not have come as a surprise.   
@_date: 2016-06-10 17:49:03


Declaring that they should be reserved for high value transactions only because they can't scale onchain is scrapping them.
@_date: 2016-06-10 18:09:38
If capacity is limited to 7 transactions/second then infinite fees will not suffice to obtain the 8th.
What if there are more than 7 transactions/second that network participants are willing to pay to process within the next 10minutes?
Are we really at the growth stage where we want to tell them to "stuff it" and wait because we don't want to raise blocksize so that can run a full node on his C-64 with a dial-up connection from the hills of wherever?
If so, $578 is a long term short.     
@_date: 2016-06-02 08:03:18
Bitcoin is not Blockstream.  However, for now and until the Chinese miners awaken from their twilight sleep it is Blockstream's. 
@_date: 2016-06-07 07:42:17
1.  I didn't neglect it, I acknowledge that it is an unknown (and will never be knowable).  But it's not particularly relevant because, the coins still exist and they still have their purchasing power whether all of that can be accessed right now or not.
2.  Again, to measure purchasing power of any financial asset one should ignore the time preference differential between buyer and seller because a) it's unmeasurable on aggregate and **b) making the assumption that all or even most the of the asset will change hands at once (and therefore trigger the maximum liquidity premium) is illogical** and to do so would create significant error in your estimation.  The market depth is therefore irrelevant beyond the edge cases for any reasonable level of liquidity when considering an asset's total market capitalization.
3.  Two similar incidences of price movement every four years do not invalidate the effectiveness of a Markov process for asset path modelling.
 
@_date: 2016-06-10 19:54:11
Just because you can vote for your master doesn't make you free.
@_date: 2016-02-15 14:02:43


That sounds like RBF is opt-out now instead of opt-in.
@_date: 2016-02-10 09:13:25
An "alternative implementation" can only compete on certain grounds which are acceptable to the committee which controls the protocol?  That sounds anti-competitive.
A supermajority of 75% is a consensus.  If the node count gets there then there is a consensus in favor of 2MB max blocksize.  If not, then everything continues according to existing rules.
That can only be considered an attack if you believe that those who disagree should have a larger voice than the hashing/validation power, and that belief would not be in accordance with the original vision of Bitcoin.
That those who would effectively be losing control over the protocol would call the same type of fork originally envisioned to prevent such control an attack should come as no surprise.
@_date: 2016-02-06 14:40:10
If the fork happens I'll be more than happy to buy your Classic side coins at your fire-sale discount pricing, heck I'll even trade you some Blockstream Core coins for them even up.  Just HMU when the time comes.
Edit:  Why would you downvote someone who wants to take your bet?  That makes no sense.  Usually you have to pay people to do that.
@_date: 2016-02-06 06:04:01


From Wikipedia "Consensus decision-making":
"Super majority thresholds (90%, 80%, 75%, two-thirds, and 60% are common)."
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:29:22
If he invested his own money then that's his prerogative.  If, like most of Blockstream's other investors, he invested other people's money he's either lying for PR purposes or his investors should sue him.  Institutional investors (the places that invest in VC firms' funds) don't invest money in charities.  
@_date: 2016-02-14 12:37:00


The OP's point is that they're really just massively long VOXEL vs short liquidity.   And its a very good point.  That's a horrible trading book to which one might lend liquidity, particularly in exchange for "low fees" as your interest for the liquidity.
You are correct that his post intends to spread FUD - highly justified FUD if those numbers are accurate.
@_date: 2016-02-18 04:16:23


The more like PayPal it becomes, the less like cash and gold it will become in many ways.


This isn't true, goods can be illiquid but still store value.  The chief character of a good that stores value well is a high cost of (re)production.


In this case neither the work, nor the gold is free.  Each is offered in exchange for the other.  And these days most people would only accept the gold because they know it can be exchanged for fiat
 and they would likely discount the work exchanged for payment in gold relative to that they would perform in exchange for fiat (I would actually discount the exchange for fiat, but most would rather take the fiat).
@_date: 2016-02-07 23:50:32


Not at all.  Certainly there would be a few people who drop as there are always marginal cases, but the resource usage on 1MB blocks is so low in the first place that doubling it should have no discernible effect on the cost of running a node.  At least that's been my experience having run nodes on 8 and 10 year old Macs for over a year now.
@_date: 2016-02-05 02:21:51


...perhaps the end of forever?
@_date: 2016-02-06 15:22:02
Fair enough, though I would argue that the primary objective of the Progressive movement (and of modern "progressives") has always been the replacement of the individual sovereignty with that of a strong centralized government.  Thus the act of advocating for increasing centralized governmental authority itself defines one as a "progressive."  
@_date: 2016-02-04 02:58:40


...about the other party's objectives.
@_date: 2016-02-18 15:32:49
...on federal money laundering charges?
The real work here is in:
1.  Replacing the USD and banks altogether and
2.  Ridding ourselves of the "war on drugs" and all this foolishness that it entails. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 15:14:26
Pretty sure this guy was head of the NSA during the Snowden scandal and lied through his teeth to Congress. 
@_date: 2016-02-01 16:38:41
Will probably be standard in the major locales within 2-3 years. Heck, my small town and a bunch of others around me are getting it this year. 
@_date: 2016-02-01 16:34:20
That's the kind of trading pattern that usually indicates a very big seller liquidating. 
@_date: 2016-02-12 10:19:51


There is no problem as long as the choice is free.  When you don't scale onchain and push people into your "banking system" then the choice starts becoming restricted.  Again, the point and power of Bitcoin is to allow complete disintermediation of the banking system on an individual level.  It would be counterproductive to build another banking system on top of it and force people into that banking system.  That would just be repeating the mistakes of the past.  
@_date: 2016-02-07 23:54:44


That's actually not true, if you want to be a fully validating SegWit node, you will still need to download/upload the witness data, it just won't be part of the block itself.  So ultimately you'll still need the additional bandwidth, which I believe is the main complaint with increasing maxblocksize. 
@_date: 2016-02-20 21:03:44


It's this type of thinking that's at the heart of this problem, and most problems.  The hubris required to presume who is a "real" user and who isn't or what are "legitimate" uses and what aren't always ends up morphing into control seeking and aggression.  Particularly when other people's desired uses end up conflicting with your own desires (or business plans).
Let Bitcoin exist and develop in a free market.  Stop trying to control it, we already have a central bank and government for that nonsense.  
@_date: 2016-02-06 22:05:07


Unless the money to fund the welfare state is given voluntarily (eg charitable donation) without coercion via the threat of the use of violence then it is precisely "robbing."  And what's more it is robbery in the same way you describe above - by majority vote.
And I agree that the robbery would likely cause participants to leave the economy (which would decrease the overall value of the economy), but the robbery would not by definition change the value of the economy, it would just change the distribution of that value.
@_date: 2016-02-03 17:26:02
Or try Smart HTTPS ad-on.  It works similarly to HTTPS Finder, but reverts to HTTP if the S site doesn't work and then keeps a list of those that don't work for future reference.
@_date: 2016-02-05 02:57:24
To me, Bitcoin is faster, cheaper, and more accessible. Maybe it isn't in theory, and maybe someday it won't be in practice either, but for now, it just is.  
@_date: 2016-02-06 23:01:55
Actually, no matter where you go, the US will claim the authority to tax your earnings, and if you try to renounce your citizenship the US will claim taxes for another 10 years or up to half of your assets.  Taxes are not voluntary, they are a taking forced on you via the threat of violence - which is otherwise known as robbery.
@_date: 2016-02-18 20:30:54
Sellers who don't want to compete on price and service will resort to all kinds of underhandedness, DoS just being one example. 
@_date: 2016-02-11 07:14:00


And why assume that those who support a maxblocksize increase are less informed than you?
This is the type of thinking that supports centralized control not user consensus, and that's the problem with where Blockstream Core has led this.  "I know what's best for you, so shut-up, sit down and let me handle this."  Not a winning strategy when dealing with the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2016-02-12 22:44:50
If you use an artificial supply control (maxblocksize) to control the price of onchain transactions, raising them via a subsidy, you are restricting large groups of people from using it as well as restricting the types of transactions for which it can be used.
The use of such price controls will also have the side effect of creating an inefficient use distribution of those transactions in order to favor a specific type of use, which is precisely your point - you want your "banking system" to have privileged access to the chain, and you achieve that via the price control.  
@_date: 2016-02-12 15:56:40
And yes, ultimately to maintain the freedom and power of Bitcoin as originally intended, users would have to choose another coin, or choose to fork away from the capacity limited version to a version with greater capacity.
That's what's happening now, because we can be reasonably sure that 1MB max blocksize won't work in the near future.
@_date: 2016-02-07 13:28:47


...and running alternative clients isn't firing developers, it's just expanding your potential solution set to a complex and thorny scaling problem rather than putting all your eggs in one small basket that is being controlled by one company.
@_date: 2016-02-04 03:06:02
Blockstream themselves have stated that they intend to develop sidechains and layers for private enterprise as a source of revenue.
You really should do your research before commenting.  You seem to have made a habit of being ill-informed on the basics of the debates into which you wander. 
@_date: 2016-02-15 01:35:48
He included himself in the list of people not to trust.
@_date: 2016-02-07 06:19:06
Kentucky and Virginia Resolutions of 1798 and the Compact Theory, from days of old, and every state that has legalized marijuana in modern times. 
@_date: 2016-02-12 10:51:01
Yes.  Unfortunately some group or another will eventually form a company and get VC funding to try and control the rules of the monetary system and impose their will on it.  Usually we call those groups central banks.  But the beautiful thing with Bitcoin is that we can fork away from such political attempts at control back towards a free market in money.
@_date: 2016-02-12 18:31:24
...so say the folks whose whole reason for existence is to push/pull dollars and euros for Third World Issues to support old-fashioned fiat colonialism.  
@_date: 2016-02-18 15:23:50
Like the vast majority of global trade, global crime is largely conducted in USD flowing through US banks, probably followed by EUR, flowing through EU banks.
Make no mistake about it, CHF and Swiss banks are pretty far down on the major crimes list despite what you've seen in movies. 
@_date: 2016-02-06 22:37:49


Libertarianism is pretty much the opposite of fascism.  And many different kinds of people with different skill sets appreciate liberty.
@_date: 2016-02-21 14:37:15
The headline struck me as humorously anachronistic: "Is there a way in which I can trade in this horse and buggy for a Tesla Model X?"
@_date: 2016-02-20 18:22:15
Absolutely not, but when you add "controlling the Bitcoin protocol" you get very bad phrases.
@_date: 2016-02-07 17:07:13
You should read the comment history on the subject, only a very few (possibly just one) have held the position since 2011 that max blocksize should not be increased when additional network capacity was needed, as per the original intent.
And I mean some of the "original devs."  Other original devs, including the one to whom SN passed commit access feel that the most sensible scaling solution involves both on-chain and off-chain approaches.  And why shouldn't it?  
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:47:39
The real issue is that a group of the Core developers formed a private company to develop and sell extensions to the Bitcoin protocol and then raised a bunch of money from VCs (who will be expecting a return).  While there's nothing wrong with that in and of itself, this particular group and their employees have a lot of influence over the Core dev team and thus the future development of Bitcoin itself.  There are many in the community who are uncomfortable with the conflict of interest that this situation presents and who feel that this Core development team may be pushing a development strategy that favors the business model of the company at the expense of at least one particular development priority (increasing the max blocksize) that a large part of the community supports. 
@_date: 2016-02-11 06:36:50


I don't think the Classic team is trying to replace the Blockstream Core team.  Rather they're just trying to create an alternative voice around which community consensus can form because Blockstream Core is doing a poor job of consensus building.
@_date: 2016-02-15 06:56:50
If you don't control the keys, you don't own the Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-02-18 23:08:08
Trust me, it'll be a problem.  I can't imagine that it would cost that much to hire the resources to do offshore which would probably make it more difficult to get caught too.  The threshold for sellers acting nasty towards their competition is shockingly low.
There is a whole industry and thousands of people getting paid regular salaries in low wage foreign countries just to manage competitive flagging on CL, and the rabbit hole goes much deeper.  I know of sellers who dedicate a staff member to do nothing but try and take down all their competitors ads all day long.  I can't imagine how bad it could get with exposed IPs. 
@_date: 2016-02-08 07:50:20
"...moreover  "majority sets the rules regardless of what some minority thinks" is the governing principle behind the fiats of major democracies. If you want that option, it already exists and is universally available."
And to which currencies would you be referring specifically?
As I understand it the fiat currencies of the major democracies are all controlled by central banks. Perhaps you are unfamiliar with what central banks are or how the work, but in short they tend to be directed by small groups of unelected technocratic "experts" who work for the central bank, which itself is typically a private entity tasked with stewarding the framework of the monetary system ostensibly for the public good, but actually for the good of the owners of the central bank and their cronies.
If that structure feels familiar to you, it should. 
@_date: 2016-02-01 23:19:46
How are you defining "technical merit?"  Is that just a proxy term for whatever advances Blockstream's business agenda?  Because that's what it seems like outside of North Korea. 
@_date: 2016-02-08 14:20:16
If 78 people that run two nodes each discontinue running one of them in order to reduce their bandwidth expenditures does that reduce network decentralization?
Is that a possible (though improbable) outcome of increasing the max blocksize to 2MB?
There is a difference between an extremely logical inference and definitional certainty.
In this specific case the probability of a non-decentralizing outcome is non-trivial.
@_date: 2016-02-04 02:56:52


Maybe, on the margins, but certainly not worryingly so.  You might have to upgrade from a $100 R-Pi to a $200 Mac Mini.  I run 3 low resource nodes and 2MB or even 4MB blocks would have no discernible effect on my cost structure.
@_date: 2016-02-06 22:17:12
Political terms describing ideology are useful for understanding the political milieu.  The term "progressive" has a distinct meaning with a long history in American politics that is worth both understanding and using to describe a particular poltical outlook.
@_date: 2016-02-06 22:25:22


To each his own.  In my view one of the beautiful things about that part of the country (specifically NH &amp; VT) is the sparse population - keeps it gorgeous and very community minded.  Yes the winters are coldish, but there's plenty of fun wintersport, and the summers are to die for. 
@_date: 2016-02-21 07:35:03
No because SegWit doesn't really double available transaction space, nor does it double the space required for both transaction and witness data. 
@_date: 2016-02-11 06:54:06


The users who would like to see an increase in maxblocksize don't have $76mm of funding that's looking for a return behind them, they're just making their own judgements about what's in their own best interest.
...and like all of us is simply reaping what he hath sewn. 
@_date: 2016-02-20 20:50:25
Free markets work pretty well for decentralizing critical decision-making.
@_date: 2016-02-02 05:07:40
Bitcoin can fail the public and be heroically successful as the settlements layer for corporations' private sidechains.  When you weaken the payments aspects of the protocol and strengthen the aspects which support sidechains, that's the path you're headed down.
Who says that Bitcoin needs sidechains to thrive?  The company selling them, of course.  In reality, maybe it does, but maybe it doesn't.  If we really want to strenghten Bitcoin, strengthen all aspects of it, including the payments aspects.  
@_date: 2016-02-11 04:43:01
What the what?
Did this fellow just propose building out a (likely to become fractional) reserve banking system layered on top of Bitcoin with "trusted" 3rd parties who have privileged access to the blockchain providing services for the unwashed masses in private layers?
Seems like things over here in are going WAY off the deep end.
Edit: Upvoting because people need to see this! 
@_date: 2016-02-07 13:35:29


Then maybe SegWit isn't a great way to solve malleability?
@_date: 2016-02-04 03:11:56
I didn't say that.  I simply said that the point of venture capital firms is to invest in and manage new ventures to successful return of capital with an upside that is commensurate with the risk taken.  How that's controversial with anyone who knows anything about money, investment, or even just capitalism is beyond me. 
@_date: 2016-02-12 10:24:54


Study the history of banking, pretty much anywhere in the world, but this is a good place to start:
@_date: 2016-02-07 05:04:01
Don't really see anything that inspires me to comment.  Despite what one of my favorite B-school professors advised I tend not to pay too much attention to corporate/organizational PR  platitudes. I mean Google's famous for saying "Don't be evil," while being evil.
@_date: 2016-02-18 15:38:43
It wouldn't. TBTF isn't about actual size it's about the size of the political influence and that would remain unchanged. 
@_date: 2016-02-01 19:20:16
Perhaps you should read their business model and objectives a little more closely. 
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:25:06


...but your job as a good VC is to DO EVERYTHING YOU CAN to make as many of those businesses as possible as finacially successful as possible as fast as possible.  That's the entire point of venture capital firms.
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:55:27
It should be noted that this change is one that the original designer of the protocol intended to make all along and that the limit itself was originally placed into the protocol as a quick change to prevent a DDoS attack on the network.  The inventor of the protocol and most of the developers agreed that the limit which their quick change imposed should be raised at such time that the network usage had grown to a level that the limit was being approached.  Hopefully you can see that one side of this argument is not giving you the full story.
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:31:03


Who says?  The company that has been set up to sell layers and sidechains?
@_date: 2016-02-04 20:06:23
Well I'm a firm believer that companies are just voluntary associations of people, and should therefore have as much right to participate in the development process as anyone.  But we should also be just as skeptical of their potential conflicts of interest as we would any individual - perhaps even more so given that for profit companies are formed to earn a profit from their activities and are beholden to their investors to do such whereas individuals exist for reasons other than profit motive and are not beholden to anyone to pursue a profit motive.  
@_date: 2016-02-14 15:27:32
Well even aside from what is likely a highly questionable VOXEL valuation, the OP indicates that they aren't fully reserved and appear to have a negative $120k balance, which is likely even larger now given recent bitcoin price moves against their short.
And as you pointed out, Uphold doesn't have a central bank that can print new bitcoin to make it's depositors whole in the event of the liquidity crunch (which you can be sure is coming).
If you have money there, I'd withdraw were I you.  To say that B/S is "imprudent" would be dramatic understatement.
@_date: 2016-02-18 20:26:30
Very true that OB could be a huge boon for sellers.  The eBay / PayPal hegemony is strangling them with 15% fee loads, massive float on receivables, and forced exposure to the myriad buyer scams out there. There's definitely pent up demand for a decentralized alternative.  
@_date: 2016-02-06 13:39:07
Technically, the States are supposed to be sovereign in the USA, with a weak and limited central government, but unlike Switzerland the citizenry slept on that principle while the Progressives gradually eroded it over the last 100+ years. Once established I imagine that the FSP will be joining Texas in pushing back against the centralization tide. 
@_date: 2016-02-15 14:00:12
They are communicating perfectly well.  You may not like what is being communicated, but given the open nature of the community and consensus mechanisms it's better to have an honest look at the sausage-making than a corporate PR cover-up.
@_date: 2016-02-06 22:40:41
There are other alternatives with historical precedent in both the US founding documents and court cases (eg Nullification).
@_date: 2016-02-12 15:48:44
By artificially constraining growth in onchain transaction capacity and pushing users into a "banking system" which has privileged access to the blockchain your system denies users the most important choice - the choice to trade directly with each other without a "bank" intermediary, the critical choice that underlies Bitcoin's ability to empower its users.
Your system would be the equivalent of replicating today's system (SWIFT/Fedwire/etc -&gt; BANK -&gt; End User) but with publicly proven reserves.  A significant problem with the modern banking system is not that the reserve status is unknown (it largely is known), but rather that the bank intermediaries control the access to the network of the monetary system and thereby control the monetary system.  Your system does nothing to fix that problem.   
@_date: 2016-02-14 22:33:33
Well by trusting other companies with their money, they had potentially as much as 90% of their lifetime's productive effort stolen via inflation.  They didn't notice because it didn't happen all at once in some collapse and because their entire generation then just borrowed pretty much all of yours and that of the next couple of generations as well via a $20T national debt and a $120T+ unfunded liability pile.  Given their advanced age (you said 50 years of adulthood) they're probably going to be sticking both you and their grandchildren with the bill, but you'll be able to pay a fraction of that off with the house and stocks they leave you.  
@_date: 2016-02-14 22:40:36


That all depends on where Voxel is valued.  These guys have an absolutely massive liquidity gap and not enough reserve to cover it.
@_date: 2016-02-12 15:17:00


Agreed.  That's clear and becoming more clear every day.
They form a company to sell layers and sidechains as they are proclaiming that layers and sidechains are the only ways in which Bitcoin can scale.  They raise $21mm from investors to pay themselves and fund their takeover of the protocol, then they start altering the protocol to push users into layers and sidechains and raise ANOTHER $55mm to continue the effort.  Could it be more obvious?
And finally, when a some devs and users start trying to organize a fork to try and liberate Bitcoin from their control, they denounce the competing client as an "attack" on Bitcoin and rile people up with FUD.
It's just shocking that anyone could miss the obvious attempt at a corporate takeover of Bitcoin and believe their FUD so blindly isn't it?     
@_date: 2016-02-20 18:20:33
No, by a free market with multiple competing clients put out by multiple competing dev teams, because that actually is a valid way to optimize outcomes.
@_date: 2016-02-02 07:04:52
Chances of that happening with 2MB or 4MB max blocksize = 0%.  
Why then the slow-walk on max blocksize increase from Blockstream and the REALLY terrible idea of trying to incubate a "fee market" with price controls?  It just doesn't make sense.
Many years ago I learned that when someone does something that doesn't make sense, it's not because they're stupid, it's because they have different objectives. 
@_date: 2016-02-16 01:24:42
Fair enough.
@_date: 2016-02-01 09:06:42
I continue to be amazed at the predilection for central planning in this sub.  The idea of price controlling transaction space in the ledger is so utterly ridiculous that it could have been taken straight out of Orwell's 1984, or one of Mao's Five Year Plans.  Free markets are very dynamic and market participants will naturally demonstrate all the aggregate elasticity needed to find equilibrium pricing without the machinations of a central planning committee to orchestrate "pricing events."  If anything, central planning committees are more likely to break a transaction market than develop one.  And yes, a fee market already exists.  The central committee may not like the market pricing, but it should never be their call to exert pricing on the market in any case.
This truly is North Korea over here and you guys are all clamoring for the North Korean Central Bank to set policy.  WTF?  
@_date: 2016-02-07 00:14:42
Progress towards, progress via...?  They did indeed choose the name for a reason and it would behoove you to understand both why and the history of that choice.  Perhaps then you could use the word correctly and understand it's implications.  Same goes for Libertarians and Conservatives.
@_date: 2016-02-14 22:34:44
This isn't hacking.  It's just fiduciary foolishness.
@_date: 2016-02-11 17:01:55
That doesn't mean it can't become fractional reserve, it just means that the market will know what the reserve balances are at any given moment, which we theoretically do in today's fiat system though we have to trust 3rd parties for the verification.
@_date: 2016-02-18 23:17:29
...or integrate Tor.  It would be wise to keep seller and buyer IP addresses hidden from each other.  Exposing them invites mischief and bad actors.
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:57:43
MIT is not in the business of selling extensions to Bitcoin for profit, so no it shouldn't concern us.
@_date: 2016-02-12 10:06:20


Exactly, and thus far they have succeeded so well that they just attracted another $55mm worth of backing!
@_date: 2016-02-11 06:27:14


Yes, because they are conflating their own specific vision of Bitcoin with Bitcoin.  This is troublesome from my point of view and an undesirable trait in the stewards for the protocol.  It means that they're not open enough to accepting input from the community, and if a fork happens it'll prove that.   
@_date: 2016-02-07 05:35:09
War on drugs, progressives
Militarized police state (or any form of police state), progressives
Illegality of abortion is a pro civil rights issue (i.e. you're not allowed to kill someone because you don't want to be burdened with their care or you don't think they should have a shot at life in the first place - see below reference to eugenicists)
Slavery was the platform of the Democratic Party (the Republican Party was founded on an abolitionist plank)
Don't know any political movement that presses for illegality of homosexuality currently, but in the past it would likely have been the progressives (they were eugenicists who advocated for the euthanasia of "degenerates" and others deemed unfit for "polite" society, including black people - see Magaret Sanger and abortion)
Don't know of any mainstream party that pushes for a state religion or has historically, but it wouldn't surprise me if the progressives had at some point - they did use the religious argument to advance prohibition)
Also don't know of any mainstream party that pushes for the banning of certain ethnic groups (though currently the progressive Donald Trump appears to) but progressives have had strong anti-immigrant planks in the past
From your post it seems like you believe that progressives are "left wing" and in opposition to conservatives.  In fact there are both left and right wing progressives. The progressive movement actually started as an offshoot of the Republican Party.
It would probably behoove you to study the history of the progressive movement so that you can have a better understanding of from whence it came and where it's heading. 
@_date: 2016-02-21 07:18:10
Uh, no it doesn't.  You don't try to target a price by committee and then adjust supply accordingly if you want an efficient production/consumption function for a particular good. Rather you would let the producers and consumers determine their individual supply/demand curves and let the intersection of the aggregate of those curves be the market clearing price. 
@_date: 2016-02-20 18:12:51
No you don't have the wrong impression.  SegWit would be cleaner and safer as a hard fork.
@_date: 2016-02-07 15:13:35
Pure nothingness.
@_date: 2016-02-18 20:20:57
It doesn't. And that's a problem for legal goods sellers as well because competition in online markets can be very nasty. You wouldn't want your IP address exposed to competing peers. 
@_date: 2016-02-07 13:54:35
Do you run a node?  I run a few low-resource nodes and I really don't see how anyone could be afraid that 2MB blocks are going to reduce decentralization significantly.
My most active node (always on) will have uploaded roughly 1.5GB of data over the last 24 hours with 16-20 peer connections - doubling that is the equivalent of uploading one really short 720P movie a day.  My node has used roughly 2% of CPU capacity on average (ranging from .5% to 90%) on an 8 year old quad core CPU, and the entire blockchain fits easily on an 8 year old 250GB HDD with a ton of room to spare.
Since Boitcoin was invented my download/upload broadband speeds have increased by factors of 10x and 20x without a rise in costs, and they are both scheduled to increase by another order of magnitude by year end.
Seems like there's plenty of headroom to expand blocksizes without significantly impacting decentralization.  In fact, keeping the blocksize at 1 MB might cause more problems for low resource nodes than raising it - due to crashes from overflowing mempools on R-Pi nodes. 
  
@_date: 2016-02-08 15:13:20


Review the history of this debate, it's been ongoing for a while (mostly behind the scenes until fairly recently).  It is some of the Core devs (most notably those associated with Blockstream) that have been the intransigent roadblock to a compromise solution.  The 2MB HF is the result of some of the Core devs refusing to compromise after what is turning into years of discussion and debate on the the subject complete with several BIPs, conferences, etc.  That 2MB figure didn't just spring from nowhere.
Edit: I upvoted you because you're being genuine and civil.  It just seems like you're unfamiliar with the history of this debate.
Edit 2: And the 2MB Hardfork is not an attack on the network. Blockstream has been calling it that lately because they feel it is an attack on their control of the network - which it is.  But the fact that they are conflating a group of users forking away from their control with an attack on the network itself suggests that they feel some ownership over Bitcoin development, which is troublesome.  The HF is really just a divorce over what have become irreconcilable differences.   
@_date: 2016-02-01 09:13:29
You mean the guys who are even more keen to price control via central committee than the Fed?
Face into palm. 
@_date: 2016-02-11 22:35:29
Fair enough.  But I don't trust a crew that dodges a real 2MB maxblocksize upgrade to fold in a relatively complex change to the architecture via a soft-fork that will compromise security if nodes don't upgrade, add limited additional space for transactions if all the wallets upgrade, and the primary purpose of which is to fix transaction malleability for layers and enable two-way pegging of sidechains.  
And I especially don't trust it when the crew pushing it is suggesting that layers and sidechains are the ONLY way in which Bitcoin can scale...
...particularly when they just raised $76mm to sell private layers and sidechains.
C'mon folks common sense dictates that you want to take several approaches to solving a problem and when a group of guys shows up with the ONE solution which just happens to fit their business model, you take that ONE solution with a grain a of salt and incorporate it along with OTHER solutions proposed by others.    
@_date: 2016-02-01 17:47:11
It is, but 1MB does put enough pressure on transaction space to bring urgency to the argument for sidechains and layers...
...which some company or another happens to be selling.
@_date: 2016-02-04 02:09:29
Good point.  MIT is certainly in bed with with some of Satan's minions, but for the moment it doesn't appear as if they have a business interest in the direction that the development of the Bitcoin protocol ends up taking. 
@_date: 2016-02-07 13:32:59
Why are we even arguing about what fees should be?  That sounds like a Bolshevik central planning committee setting grain quotas, and we all know how that turned out.
Why not take a page from history and allow a free and unrestrained transaction market to set the fee structure.  As we should all be fully aware, free markets are much better price setting mechanisms than any committee we could create.  
@_date: 2016-02-09 09:31:07
Putting out a competing client is not attacking the network.  It's giving users an opportunity to voice their opinion and build true consensus, not a consensus of a small committee of central planners.  In the free world we view competition as healthy and strengthening, particularly when it comes to consumer goods (which these clients are).  If you don't want to use any of the alternative products just  stick with Core.
This whole idea that competition is an attack should be troubling to everyone in the community.  It's demonstrative of just how much the Blockstream Core devs believe in authoritarian control.  And the meme reeks of desperation to maintain that control.  To what end? 
Stick with that crew and you'll end up with a Central Bank of Bitcoin.  That is literally the position that they are adopting for themselves - a private corporation composed of technocratic "experts," backed by financial institutions, that has a monopoly of control over a monetary system, that determines the shape of the monetary network and sets prices on it's use, all "for the good of the public."  I suppose people really do get the rulers that they deserve.   
@_date: 2016-02-20 18:11:36


Yes, this is very revealing.
@_date: 2016-02-06 20:03:33
Consensus is not necessarily unanimity.
From Wikipedia article on Consensus Decision Making:
"Super majority thresholds (90%, 80%, 75%, two-thirds, and 60% are common)."
@_date: 2016-02-18 20:08:19
Deja dit. 
@_date: 2016-02-19 14:05:03
Blah, blah, blah - cash and bitcoin - blah, blah, blah - crime and terrorism.
Yet again, zero mention from the press about the conjoined arrival of ZIRP/NIRP and the war on cash, while the world's biggest thieves and terrorists run rampant in the halls of central banks and governments.
Great journalism.  Not.
@_date: 2016-02-08 00:11:29
Perhaps if you're connected to a bazillion peers all downloading the entire chain from you.
If you're feeding 16 peers all the blocks every day (and all of them are full), that would be 2.3GB/day or 70GB a month, add in all the transactions and some new blockcahin downloads and you might get to 100GB a month - or the equivalent of streaming 1 Netflix movie a night at 720P.
Edit: That's on the upload side, double that if you include downloads as well.  So that's like uploading and downloading 1 movie a night at 720P.
@_date: 2016-02-05 13:48:07
News flash!  Both charitable donations and remittances result from capitalism and are functions of capitalist economies. 
If the OP wants to avoid liberty and free movement of capital, this is the wrong corner of the Internet. He should perhaps explore the use of the Internet for government monitoring and control of its serfs and the seizure of their productivity. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 15:47:55
Nah, the rich US liberals I know tend to be the most racist and sexist of all the people I know, followed closely by the wealthy European socialist petty nobility they so adore. 
The rich US liberals are very proud of their sense of "noblesse oblige," until I remind them that there is no nobility in the US.  Then they just get huffy.  Yes, they actually do use that term in reference to themselves and their need to be "altruistic."
@_date: 2016-02-15 16:06:57
Short selling is an essential part of any properly functioning free market and it can also create conditions for dramatic price increases (see short-squeeze).
Blaming short sellers for price declines is the disingenuous refuge of central banks, corrupt governments, and corporate scammers. If there is no fundamental reason for an asset to fall in price, the short sellers' bets will be proven wrong and they'll lose money to the longs who took their bets. 
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:20:52
The management of Blockstream has a legal fiduciary duty to the interests of it's investors.  If there is ever any conflict of interest between their investors and the larger Bitcoin community, they MUST put the interests of their investors first.  And they must instruct their employees to do the same.
@_date: 2016-02-01 09:28:17


Llyod &amp; Hardin's "Tragedy of the Commons" is a dubious theory that has been discredited and should largely be ignored (see Ostrom and/or Axelrod's work on the subject - I believe Ostrom got the Nobel for it).
@_date: 2016-02-20 20:40:16
Well, if they don't, others will and they'll find them selves coding to an empty auditorium.
@_date: 2016-02-12 05:57:52
Yes, Core is The State, and Blockstream rules it - literally.  Though you're correct in that it is not a coup because GA and the Classic devs are not seeking to take control of The State, they are instead seeking to free it from being controlled, to make it a non-state, to make it a market.
It would seem that Blockstream and its supporters cannot conceive of someone seeking to free The State, of someone seeking to simply offer the market a choice.  So they view the competition through the lens of a struggle for controlling power, as an attack on their authority, on the very State itself - a coup.  That is what they see in others because that is what they see in themselves.    
@_date: 2016-02-01 16:35:36
That's an insanely small amount for the size of that network upgrade. 
@_date: 2016-02-16 16:34:14
If we make Bitcoin as convenient as PayPal, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and your bank it will be like PayPal, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and your bank.
Cash, gold, and silver are less convenient than any of the above for a number of reasons, and those reasons are what allow them to maintain your anonymity, your control over your own wealth, and your value of your stored excess productivity - all of which are compromised and sacrificed for the convenience of PayPal et al.
Part of the cost of being able to control your own money is the responsibility of controlling your own money and having to "care" about all that such control entails (security, record-keeping, etc).  Bitcoin is about users who want to control their own money.
Certainly we should both allow and encourage private companies to provide any of the convenience services that users demand for Bitcoin, but we should DEFINITELY NOT alter the protocol for the sake of convenience if such changes erode the individual user's control.  Users who want to surrender control for convenience can make that choice freely by purchasing the services of companies like Circle, Coinbase, etc.    
@_date: 2016-02-11 18:13:28
At the point of the fork both blockchains (ledgers) will have identical records of past transactions so all users will have all their bitcoins on both chains.
@_date: 2016-02-08 15:55:35
Well, we should be doing our level best to make Bitcoin cash then!
@_date: 2016-02-11 17:11:21
Exactly.  This is why some see the propagation of alternative clients suggesting an alternative development course to that which they have planned as "an attack."
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:35:19
Could be that Coinbase doesn't want to be involved in the conflict of interest that funding the Bitcoin development team would necessarily entail.  Could be that they're making the ethical call that it's not the right thing to do. 
@_date: 2016-02-11 22:08:04


It is an attack on centralized control of Bitcoin.  And it's being executed in exactly the way SN designed for Bitcoin to defend itself from control by a centralized authority - by building consensus around a hard fork. 
@_date: 2016-02-13 20:41:11
@_date: 2016-02-07 02:51:23
Since we're focusing on the Bitcoin Constitution we might as well consider the Bitcoin Federalist Papers as well to divine original intent.
As was widely accepted in the early days, over time blocksize can grow larger without threatening decentralization as both network bandwidth and hardware advances bring cheaper capability to the unwashed masses.  That was the thinking then and it still holds.  Heck, since 2009 I've seen my bandwidth speeds increase by a factor of 10x on the download and 20x on the upload and by the end of the year they will have increased by an order of magnitude from where they are now.
Now max blocksize is certainly no scaling solution, but it should be part of the solution and now is as good a time as any to start.  Thus we have.
@_date: 2016-02-12 04:13:45
Note the last phrase of the sentence in the post to which you replied.
The choice to go with the full reserve institution will be counter-balanced by the better services and rates that the fractional reserve entities will be able to offer (because they will be more profitable), and slowly the market will migrate towards decreasing levels of fractional reserves until a failure, when everyone will flee back to full reserve institutions again - if there are any left.  Rinse and repeat, until the public accepts a central bank to end the madness.  It's the same movie that we've seen before, only this time it's the JJ Abrams reboot with Bitcoin.
The whole point of Bitcoin is to decentralize banking down to the individual, to make banks totally unnecessary.  Better to scale (both on and offchain) than to invite The Vampire into your house.
@_date: 2016-02-05 02:44:16
Well Bitcoin is on the order of 40x faster for me to use than ACH, on the order of 100x less expensive, and it's open on weekends to boot.  So for all your bluster over ACH speeds, I'm not seeing them. 
@_date: 2016-02-11 18:09:01
If he's a good CEO, he usually does.  Pilots will have their favorites that fit their own particular predilections, the CEOs job is to know which planes are actually best for the business of getting people from point A to point B most efficiently and most securely.
@_date: 2016-02-18 08:08:28
Who knows for sure. Only thing you can be sure of is more volatility. IMO it'll become increasingly hard to find a healthy price if we don't allow diversity of clients, if there is no fork, and if one corporation is allowed to control development instead of a multiple competing teams. 
@_date: 2016-02-06 22:47:05


As long as the rich don't have the power of coercion by the "legal" use of force (ie a powerful government), and are therefore required to obtain their will via a network of voluntary contractual arrangements it'll be very difficult for them to "dominate" everyone else.  Governments are always the tool by which "everyone else" is dominated.  Reduce the power of government and you reduce the power of the few to dominate the many.
@_date: 2016-02-20 18:18:44
Nothing wrong with value changing hands to those who believe in it's future.
@_date: 2016-02-07 04:16:23
That's totally understandable, if somewhat incongruous with your handle (which I'm only just now noting). The West is even better from a population density standpoint, but unfortunately that makes it less suitable for certain business models where at least some proximity to large pop centers is helpful. 
@_date: 2016-02-01 17:39:53


Because the community already tried an estimation based maxBlocksize patch and Core devs fought it and killed it.  The 2MB "magic number" is the minimum compromise number and now the Core devs are fighting that as well.
@_date: 2016-02-04 14:13:49
How about just cutting to the chase:
Taxation cannot be (morally) justified and should not be accepted.
@_date: 2016-02-07 13:20:37
No one is advocating a "just scale on chain" position.  The argument for alternative clients sprang from the desire to scale both on and off chain simultanteously - which makes more sense to many than taking a purely off chain scaling approach because you want to establish price controls in the transaction market, or whatever the argument of the day is for keeping max blocksize at 1MB.
@_date: 2016-02-12 10:56:36
Yes.  It would seem that most of the folks commenting here don't actually understand the topic and the meaning of the original post. 
@_date: 2016-02-12 18:23:38
Two forks definitely makes sense in this context because you agree with using price controls to force transactions into sidechains and layers (which is why 1MB works for you) whereas I don't.  But we do agree that the two ideas should be able to compete freely.
@_date: 2016-02-02 04:38:21
Have you seen Blockstream's investor list?  If you believe that those guys poured $21mm into an altruistic hole in the ground, I have a beautiful limestone and granite bridge connecting lower Manhattan to Brooklyn in which you might be interested.
"Together, PwC and Blockstream will help companies evaluate cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies and launch new uses for the Bitcoin protocol."
"So when I look at sidechains, I’m looking at them as an architecture for building semi-decentralised products and services for Bitcoin that were simply impossible before.” 
@_date: 2016-02-05 04:44:39
Hmm, hadn't considered this line of thinking before, but...
In most countries, it's the central banks that "own" the fiat currency, and in most "free" countries, the central banks are not actually part of the government, they are bank cartels.  So quite contrary to the people borrowing FIAT from the governments, governments are borrowing it from the banks, who are basically stealing the excess productivity that it represents from the people.
And just because a person agrees to accept a debt obligation of a bank cartel as a representation of their excess productivity, and that bank cartel's debt obligation happens to have a legal monopoly on monetary status that as been granted by a government, does not extend that government the moral right to seize the excess productivity of anyone choosing to store it using that debt obligation.    
@_date: 2016-02-18 23:20:46
Have you ever been a seller in a competitive online marketplace?  If you had, you'd understand how nasty people can (and do) get.
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:16:13
The creators of the Lightning Network believe that we need bigger blocks (and a bigger max blocksize) to make it work as an effective scaling tool.  They said as much when they "introduced" it at Scaling Bitcoin.  I agree with them.
@_date: 2016-02-04 03:02:25
I don't smoke.  Blockstream has been very transparent about their intention to monetize the development of sidechains and layers for private enterprise using the Blockchain as  settlement layer.  Don't take it from me, take it from them.
@_date: 2016-02-21 15:40:13
...all of which should be avoided in the first place. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 15:19:45
Counterfeit CHF is not as big a problem as counterfeit USD. The real problem with merchants accepting huge denominations is giving away all your change and having to make more bank runs as a result. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 20:43:15
They don't have to. That can be hired from offshore in a matter of hours.  Even so, you would be surprised at the lengths to which some unscrupulous sellers will go to avoid having to compete on price and service. 
@_date: 2016-02-14 12:42:36


No, sideways implies not down in flames.
@_date: 2016-02-04 14:05:45
I don't believe that, R3 has any influence over Bitcoin at all other than occasional jawboning, and it doesn't seem as if they care to accumulate influence. 
OTOH, Blockstream currently has quite a bit of influence over the development of Bitcoin, and it seems as if maintaining that influence is important to the company. 
@_date: 2016-02-08 22:08:43
Excellent work.  Thanks.
@_date: 2016-02-07 23:37:15
Surprised they didn't say lack of privacy.  But most of the objections seemed to stem from the fact that Bitcoin isn't money yet and the costs involved in the process of monetizing the Bitcoin transfers outweigh the benefits of the increased transfer efficiency. 
Still, this is yet more evidence why we need to be focused on making Bitcoin the best money it can be as opposed to the best settlement layer it can be.
@_date: 2016-02-20 20:49:06
And it would be, but that's not their business plan.  Their plan is to make money by selling private layers and sidechains.  And to optimize that function Bitcoin needs to perform in a certain way.  
Their job for and their ethical responsibility to their investors is to optimize the protocol to perform in accordance to their business plan and that may or may not be in the best interests of the broader Bitcoin community.  Surely Blockstream believes that it is, but their belief alone does not make it so.
@_date: 2016-02-21 04:17:07
@_date: 2016-02-01 17:31:25
mozilla.org vs. blockstream.com
There's a difference.
@_date: 2016-02-19 00:23:17
As I said, you haven't been down in the trenches with the scumbags.  I've seen plenty of questionable and illegal activity aimed at kneecapping competitors.
@_date: 2016-02-06 05:58:44
That's weird cause most of the Bitcoin blocks ever mined haven't been 1MB blocks.
@_date: 2016-02-21 07:49:52
As with any market the supply and demand counterbalance each other via the price, and cost structure.  The miners are just a part of that function. 
@_date: 2016-02-09 03:56:09
That looks more like Gavin arguing that it should be higher than rejecting it.  It's pretty clear who actually rejected 2MB and who supports it now, isn't it.  Had the Core devs actually been willing to do a 2MB maxblocksize compromise there would be no Classic HF attempt.
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:32:58


No, but it is stupid if the community of users lets ONE company control the development of the open source project. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 13:40:52
Unfortunately, sophisticated coding is not part of my skill set.  But fortunately, others do have that skill set and are creating alternative clients so that the market may have a choice. That's the beautiful thing about free markets and open source. 
@_date: 2016-02-21 14:14:42
Increasing maxblocksize to a level at which the supply of transaction space could be freely determined by the market would not lead to a catastrophic loss of decentralization at the moment.
Price controls are always launched with a "just for this special case" rationalization and yet they are always just as destructive to a healthy production/consumption balance. 
I do see a catastrophic lack of decentralization in protocol development though, and that's another thing which we should be turning over to a free market mechanism. 
@_date: 2016-02-07 17:30:51
Well, I don't know what computer you're running your node on, but my always-on node runs on an 8 year old Mac and I'm not having any issues whatsoever with headroom.  I'm actually just about to set up another node on the same machine for Dash too, but might move them both to a 10 year old Mac because the 8 year old one is underused.  I bought the 10 year old Mac that I'll be running two full time nodes on for $65 (which is cheap, but they're widely available for under $200).
My sometimes-on nodes run on a couple of 4 year old Mac laptops that are usually running several other tasks simultaneous to being a node, never with any issues.
Maybe you need to try Macs?  
@_date: 2016-02-04 19:08:52
Having used both, I like both for different reasons.  Armory is certainly more full-featured, but mSIGNA's BIP32/39 support, speed, and UI are features that made it an equivalently attractive option for me.
Also, I had an issue at one point, wrote an email to them for help and Eric Lombrozo responded within a few hours with a full explanation and solution.  mSIGNA's a great product.  It could do with some more detailed documentation though.  
@_date: 2016-02-18 23:16:51
You sir, are correct.
@_date: 2016-02-18 14:14:50
Thanks for knowing what you were talking about before attacking the keyboard. 
@_date: 2016-02-11 17:09:33
I don't know where your house is or what your technical situation is, but given my own experience I'd bet that if you have an internet connection that doesn't dial up via AOL, you can handle 2MB blocks.
@_date: 2016-02-06 20:06:50
1.  That happens all the time.  Usually it's called a welfare state.
2.  By definition total value would remain the same (it would just change hands), but ultimately some portion of the 25% stolen from is likely to leave the economy, lessening the value of the economy as a whole.
@_date: 2016-02-01 17:28:44
If he received funding in late 2014, then he was probably well on the path to completing his business plan and starting his initial pitches in May of 2013.  There's generally a fair amount of time between business conception and receiving your first investor commitments.
@_date: 2016-02-06 19:36:21
Well, the offer of price stability would be laughable for one, as the whole point of FIAT is price/value erosion.
But the real issue with that line of thinking is that a valid contract must have explicit performance stipulations, like those in your example, and those stipulations must be agreed to by all parties to the contract without coercion.  The use of the term "social contract" is just a euphemism for socialized seizure. 
@_date: 2016-02-18 08:30:41
Actually, the NY Fed did run the auctions and issue the bonds for the Treasury Department. I think they still do. The Fed basically acts as the commercial and investment bank for the US gov.  The GSE's use the investment banks to issue their debt. It's a huge business for the investment banks. After the debt is issued in the auction, then the Fed buys it back, via repo and also outright (QE) via OMO. 
One reason why all the banks were centered down around Wall Street was that before the days of fully electronic trading you literally had to run your govie orders to the Fed's window down on Liberty Street (how ironic) across the street from (now JP) Chase.  When I was a young lad at the Giant Squid, the elders on our trading desk used to tell us younglings stories about how they (as junior staff) would get assigned as either phone or runner on auction days. Phone would go grab the nearest pay phone to the Fed with a pocket full of change and park on it keeping the line open to the trading desk to save time and the runner would wait for the orders and run them to the Fed window. Old school. 
@_date: 2016-02-01 16:42:42
Nonsense.  I'm using 5-10 year old HDDs in my most active node and they're fine. You just have to make sure you have a backup. 
@_date: 2016-02-11 07:02:46


...or maybe the better thing to do is chill out on your own Kool-Aid, listen to others, try out their points of view even if you disagree with them, discontinue control seeking (especially when you have a fiduciary duty that presents potential conflicts of interest) and quietly contribute your best work to the effort.  And ultimately if things don't go your way and you feel strongly enough about providing the market an alternative choice, fork it baby.
@_date: 2016-02-11 18:15:10
Certainly not if you don't want it to, which is rather the point of all this I suppose.
@_date: 2016-02-04 03:08:18
And how does that matter?  Managements of private companies still have a legal fiduciary duty to the company investors.
@_date: 2016-02-01 09:09:49
What do you mean by the term Sound Money?
@_date: 2016-02-21 02:15:45


Not an ouster from Bitcoin itself, but there is certainly a strong feeling that Blockstream should not have actual or de-facto control over Core development, just as a common sense matter.
Frankly the community would be happy to see them all continue to contribute WITHOUT the level of control over protocol development that they currently seem to have and without what appears to be a concerted effort to maintain that control by denigrating and politically undermining competitive clients.
If they really believe that they have the best development plan for Bitcoin, let theme compete in an open market with it. 
@_date: 2016-02-08 00:01:42


As I have stated elsewhere, this is an extremely logical inference, but that does not make it necessarily true.  If, for example, a move to 2MB blocks simply consumes more of the excess resources that you already have (as will likely be the case for most nodes), then that move will not necessarily trigger a decision point to either discontinue its use or pay for more resources.  I know that in my case, the increased blocksize would simply consume more of the resources that I have already paid for but are currently going unused. 
@_date: 2016-09-27 00:36:09
Best way to grow the ecosystem might be to switch tables and move to one where the dealers aren't on the take from a private company the viability of whose products depends on how the hands are dealt.
@_date: 2016-02-20 21:10:17
...or maybe they have a different time horizon, or a different tolerance for price volatility.  Presuming that you know better how they should act to protect their own rational self-interest than they do is itself irrational.
@_date: 2016-02-17 13:30:00
I think they were trying to be slightly less obvious. 
@_date: 2016-09-07 22:17:38
They are obsoleting themselves.  Perfect.
@_date: 2016-05-15 01:01:33
IM wasn't available early on.  Early on in the internet was the 1970's.  Prior to AOL there were other services that provided widespread access (CompuServe for one).
The point is that even killer apps (and few apps could be more killer than non-central bank controlled money), take time to proliferate.
Bitcoin and DLT are proliferating pretty quickly in comparison to the propagation speed of the internet itself. 
@_date: 2016-05-02 02:23:51
Not often.  Do you seek moral consistency, ever?
@_date: 2016-05-16 06:00:09
SegWit provides the biggest discounts for exactly the type of transactions need for two way sidechain pegs.  That's no accident.  If the goal was to expand capacity, they would be extending the heaviest discounting to the types of transactions most commonly used. 
@_date: 2016-05-23 14:42:14
So we're reconstructing a centralized banking system now?  The whole point to Bitcoin is to atomize the entirety of the functions of a monetary system (creation, storage, payments, settlements, and record-keeping) across all the individual users. Once we start specializing the functions into separate layers we will just be evolving Bitcoin into what we already have - a SWFT backboned banking system.
@_date: 2016-05-05 15:16:19
True, if by "critical thinking" you mean "whatever GM says must be true because he's so smart."
The misinformation runs deep among those who believe that fiat currencies are democratically controlled (GM), that sunk costs will determine how miners behave after the halvening (AB), and that nodes which scale efficiency with capitalization won't exert centralization pressure on a network.  
@_date: 2016-05-12 23:59:01
OTOH, if you can't take the heat...
@_date: 2016-05-23 19:37:03
Finding "consensus" amongst a small group of people more than a third of whom (and the vast majority of the most influential ones) are paid by the same company is pretty easy.  Just ask the guy writing the checks.  
@_date: 2016-05-12 19:53:02
As others have pointed out, it would be a great idea when mixed with coffee, danishes, and beers - except for that pesky, meddling, criminal enterprise that governs you.
@_date: 2016-05-17 22:51:24
Ok that's a good first step.
Do you tack IPs?
Do you asscociate IPs with user data?
How long do you store user data?
What data do you store?
@_date: 2016-05-10 06:06:27
The USD is not "backed by debt."  Yes the Fed owns bonds, but those bonds do not secure the USD.  Think about it this way:
How can a debt instrument denominated in USD secure USD?  It can't.  Bear in mind that USD denominated bonds are just a claim to more USD.  Would you accept that my debt to you is secured/backed by a third party's claim on a fourth party to other debts of mine? Of course not. You'd say that my debt is unsecured (not backed by anything more than my promise to pay).
@_date: 2016-05-10 22:31:00
1.  I never said that the Basel Capital Accords create credit nor expand the money supply by themselves.  I did say that they establish the guidelines for the use of base money reserves for monetary expansion.  Yes, loan demand is a factor in monetary expansion, but the money supply can still expand without loan demand - which is what has been happening primarily since the financial crisis and to a lesser extent throughout the whole Greenspan/Bernank era.  Rather than creating monetary expansion via traditional loans the new money can be used to to purchase financial assets (much of which happens via leverage) and the result is financial asset bubbles.
2.  To the original point of this chain of this thread: Notes and bonds circulating in the economy do not have anywhere near the same leverageability as base money and are therefore not as inflationary.  Thus, when the Fed embarks upon QE (or OMO) it is actually expansionary.
EDIT: BTW, I am in no way claiming that pursuing inflationary monetary policy actually stimulates an economy.      
@_date: 2016-05-16 07:02:37
1.  You will note that I said that SegWit was created to fix transaction malleability (which BTW is necessary for Blockstream product development) and that the accounting discount will make the types of transactions that Blockstream products rely on cheaper to execute.  Which part of that statement isn't true?
2.  Again, this time in crayon.  Because Blockstream is a for-profit company they have a primary duty to conduct their business affairs (one of which is protocol development) in a manner that best suits the interests of their investors.  If you are being honest with yourself, you must see that that duty will likely conflict with the development of the protocol solely for the best interests of the community as a whole.  Would you see no potentially dangerous conflict of interest in Pfizer Pharmaceutical paying your primary-care health provider's salary?  Of course you would.  This is no different.    
3.  By discounting the witness portion of the transaction data by a constant amount (.25x), transactions which tend to have more signatures and more complex scripts (like the kinds of transactions needed to operate sidechains) will receive larger data discounts than the more common P2P payment transactions done by a majority of Bitcoin users.  This will necessarily have the effect of subsidizing the more complex transactions required by sidechains as the discount will reduce their fee load relative to the simpler and more normal P2P transactions.  That's just the math of it.  Now I ask you, if the goal is to increase transaction capacity why would one structure a discount to subsidize larger more complex transactions that take up more space?  Typically when you subsidize something you get more of it, not less of it.  More large transactions = less space for "normal" P2P transactions.  Hmmm?  What's your explanation for the discounting mechanism?      
@_date: 2016-05-26 17:04:11
Thanks, I see that SegWit does have some CPU headroom improvements and some blockchain storage/sync improvements for those who don't want full copies of the BC. Neither of those are constraining resource issues, but in the scaling war you take what you can get from wherever you can get it.
Still unclear to me how transaction space doubles though, as the signature discount is .25x, which would imply that the witness data is currently taking up 2/3rds of the space in a block if a doubling is to be achieved by SegWit implementation.  Witness data being 67% of current block space seems really high for the current usage pattern, no?
@_date: 2016-05-27 22:29:27
Perhaps mining is a highly competitive industry with very thin margins and a halvening without a price doubling will pressure some miners to shut down hashing power?  
Perhaps the amount that does get shut down will be non-trivial?
Maybe this bankruptcy could be taken as evidence that Blockstream claims that the halvening will have no effect on hashpower might not be accurate?
Anyone willing to think critically and independently about this event and its context?  
@_date: 2016-05-16 04:56:39
From the network (and thus community) perspective what matters is the network transaction capacity which will not be doubled by SegWit from day 1 or even day 90. 
@_date: 2016-05-28 13:31:46
People will use SegWit without the discounting because of its intended purpose, and might be more inclined to do so without a discounting scheme that subsidizes larger transactions.  I would.
If the point is to maximize space in the block, why would one propose a discount that that subsidizes larger transactions?  That makes no sense.  Basic economics tells us that when we subsidize a good, the market will demand more of that good, so if the intent is to maximize transaction space one would subsidize the smaller (and more common) single sig transactions that are routinely used in P2P payments. Subsidizing larger transactions reduces the efficiency of the transaction space gain. And for what purpose?  Perhaps to create more demand for that good.
Blockstream is a for profit company.  They are in business to sell sidechains and layers which inter operate with the Bitcoin blockchain to their customers **for profit**.  They are already marketing these products to their customer base, products which will require large complex multisig transactions in order to interoperate with the blockchain - exactly the type of transaction being subsidized by SegWit.  It would be both naive and foolish to assume pure coincidence. 
@_date: 2016-05-26 15:46:29
Ah, yes some safety margin makes sense, and how much would be a matter for debate, so for the time being actual 2MB blocks would probably be the way to go.
As for the systems tested, there were a range, but as I recall, the vast majority of them were fairly low spec.  And I think all of them were lower spec than the 2008 model computer on which I run several nodes. 
@_date: 2016-05-02 00:15:38
I love it how leftists always refute and deny their own ilk and offspring whenever the inevitable atrocities surface.
Fact is that when the foundational principles of the ideology require the submission of individual will to a collective by means of centralized authority, **the atrocities are inevitable**, no matter how consistently you flee from the historical evidence.
@_date: 2016-05-25 22:51:01


OMG.  So glad to hear from someone else who gets this joke!
@_date: 2016-05-17 22:14:01
We don't know yet as that will depend on how the routing is accomplished.  The goal is that you will be able to reach anyone else on the network with only a couple of your own channels.  However you will likely want those channels to be well capitalized with well capitalized partners so that you can push/pull as much bitcoin as you like through the network at any time you like.
&lt;Enter the centralization bugbear...&gt;
@_date: 2016-05-23 14:37:25
In a free market that mechanism is the supply decisions made by the suppliers in aggregate. In a centralized market that decision is made by a committee of central planners. Bitcoin is supposed to be decentralized. 
@_date: 2016-05-26 17:15:16
Fair enough.  The current (2013) version of the 2008 system that I run my nodes on is 140% faster according to Geekbench 3 scores (and to your point uses less power as well).
@_date: 2016-05-13 18:56:59


@_date: 2016-05-28 17:06:14
1.  Exactly how is SegWit more efficient other than enabling pruning and slight CPU headroom improvements - neither of which are constraining factors for running a node?
2.  Why is it delusional to scale onchain for low value transactions? Is it so just because Blockstream/Core says it is?  It certainly doesn't help Blockstream's business plan to scale onchain, but onchain P2P transactions are the essence of the power that Bitcoin confers to its distributed user base.  Stripping them away is to invite layer specialization, and layer specialization invites centralization and loss of censorship resistance.  Look at the history of the gold standard and what happened when a small group of technocrats claimed that it "was too cumbersome to scale well for small transactions" and should therefore be converted into a settlement layer: we lost the gold standard. 
3.  Raising the max_blocksize to 2MB doubles the current transaction space without favoring one particular transaction type over another by establishing centralized price controls via subsidy.  This is objectively a larger and more decentralized scaling benefit than SegWit will provide, which implies more progress.  And you will note that I suggested that we do SegWit without the discount because SegWit is a good idea to fix malleability and introduce version bits (and a few other items) **and** that we increase the max_blocksize to 2MB, which is a better, safer, and more egalitarian way to achieve the scaling benefit that SegWit claims to provide.
4.  Avoiding "putting things in the hands of market forces" is **precisely** the justification for central bank control over the current fiat monetary systems.  Is centralized control over the monetary system really the road we want to travel with Bitcoin?  I thought the whole point of Bitcoin was decentralized control of the monetary system - that means "putting things in the hands of market forces."
5.  Note that SegWit threatens security (via blocksize attack and anyone-can-spend encoding) **far** more than an increase in max_blocksize would.
6.  If you sell services (around sidechains) that depend on certain transaction types which you then discount by encoding a subsidy for that transaction type in the base protocol, that's changing the tech to enhance your ability to make a profit.  That is exactly what one might expect out of the managers and employees of a corporation that has a legal and ethical duty to pursue the best interests of their investors, and that is exactly why you don't allow a for-profit corporation to control the development of a public protocol.     
 
 
@_date: 2016-05-16 05:04:15
Nope.  Just a guy with his eyes wide open who's listened to the arguments from both sides and happens to have a pretty good BS detector.
That there is a conflict of interest with Blockstream's role in Core development is obvious to anyone familiar with corporate governance and business ethics (or the lack thereof in this case). 
@_date: 2016-05-01 17:15:43


Actually the marketplace is decentralized.  Unlike the eBay and Amazon marketplaces, OB isn't hosted on servers owned by any particular company.  Rather the marketplace itself is hosted on all the participants own computers.  Therefore OB is FAR more censorship resistant than eBay and Amazon.  The marketplace itself can't be shut down unless all the participants are shut down.  There is also no central point to control content.  
@_date: 2016-05-25 19:43:10
This is a valid point, though the ToC fallacy has also been applied to "unownable" resources that are not defined by government regulation, such as air.
@_date: 2016-05-11 00:44:24




That's you making the incorrect assertion without any evidence.


That's me setting the record straight.
Seriously, before you commit yourself to positions like this and that in the other thread in which you claim that that inflating the money supply actually creates wealth, you really ought to undertake some self-study in economics and the operation of monetary systems.
In the other thread I recommended a light introductory text.  Here I will recommend something far more comprehensive:
@_date: 2016-05-25 22:37:18
It did happen in the steel industry (and most other capital intensive industries) and that period of consolidation and centralization as a result of the industrial revolution and the attendant importance of capital investemnt formed the basis for government intervention in business and the end of our laissez-faire economy at the beginning of the 20th century.  See the history of US Steel and the steel industry in the US for an example.
As I said, LN nodes scale **directly** with capitalization as capital is the base requirement for opening channels and the base determinant of channel throughput.  As such one would expect the centralization pressure to be **even worse** than in industries where capital is the indirect determinant of efficiency via R&amp;D etc.   
@_date: 2016-05-10 21:59:49


Except that's not how it works.  Perhaps you might benefit from reading von Mises or Rothbard or listening to any of the other Austrian School economists.
No matter how the newly created inflationary money is spent it is an inefficient redistribution and therefore detracts from aggregate wealth.  It does not create new productivity it just moves it from those who have manged to create excess productivity to those who create the new money - and because it does that it detracts from the overall efficiency of the economy, which makes us all poorer.   
@_date: 2016-05-28 03:20:49


It's a capacity increase due to the discounting, and the only reason for the discounting is to subsidize certain transaction types at the expense of others.  And the particular types of transactions that are being subsidized are those required by the products that Blockstream plans to market (not just LN).  Go figure!
It would be much simpler, much more straightforward, and much more adherent to decentralized free-market principles to do SegWit w/o discounting and increase the max_blocksize to 2MB.  You get all the benefits of SegWit, an even larger capacity increase than SegWit will provide, and you wouldn't be opening up the protocol to a new attack vector.
@_date: 2016-05-10 19:19:28
You are asserting something that is entirely factually incorrect.  
Please provide the CUSIP for a single outstanding issue of the UST that is denominated in any currency other than USD.  If you are able to do so I will pay you .125 BTC and stand corrected.
Would you be gentlemanly enough to pay me that same .125 BTC if you cannot produce a CUSIP for an outstanding UST issuance denominated in a currency other than USD within say 1 week's time?   
@_date: 2016-05-10 05:52:11


You can't create wealth by loaning money into existence.
@_date: 2016-05-15 15:25:04
**News flash:** SegWit doesn't double transaction capacity.  At best you'll see a 50% increase and that will take quite a bit of time as the SegWit soft fork has to be activated and the wallet infrastructure has to be upgraded first, and even then SegWit doesn't discount the most common types of transactions.
Although SegWit was sold as a capacity increase, it isn't really a scaling solution.  Rather, it's a transaction malleability fix with version bits and an accounting discount that will make Blocksteam products cheaper to execute onchain that got pitched as a capacity increase to quell pressure for a max_blocksize increase. 
@_date: 2016-05-25 14:31:06
They won't be for long if their node efficiency scales with capitalization, like it does in the LN design.
@_date: 2016-05-21 14:44:15
Please understand that the less useful a money is for payments the less useful it is as a store of value. Gold is a great example. If gold were still used for payments it would likely be worth 1 to 2 orders of magnitude more than it is worth today, by conservative measure. 
@_date: 2016-05-11 04:17:34
Which policies?  What do they do exactly?
@_date: 2016-05-02 12:41:07
Finally, someone gets the most likely scenario.
@_date: 2016-05-25 02:30:11
Why indeed?
Maybe because you want to sell ancillary products whose viability depends on your ability to set the protocol development agenda?
@_date: 2016-05-28 02:06:15
Yes, which is why I found the quoted statement hilariously oxymoronic.
Bigger blocks definitely would have created more transaction space, which probably would have driven more investment in and development of Bitcoin businesses over the last year, which likely would have helped user adoption, which might well have supported a bigger rally into the halvening, which might have helped KnC stay out of bankruptcy, which definitely would have helped with decentralization.
The idea that KnC's bankruptcy could be a contributory reason to hang onto undersized blocks is completely illogical.  I comprehend that well enough.  
@_date: 2016-05-16 13:17:21
He missed the most dangerous centralization point - that of protocol development itself. 
What might happen if one corporation gained considerable influence over development of the protocol?
@_date: 2016-05-09 18:01:06
Bear in mind that the Fed holds 2x-3x more of the US debt than China does, and it could purchase all of China's debt (or the equivalent) with a "QE IV" policy initiative within a relatively short period of time.
@_date: 2016-05-06 14:47:03
Obsessive academic credentialing fits right in with looney bin crazy. 
@_date: 2016-05-31 00:09:56
Download the LibertyX app to your phone and try that. You can buy at local gas stations and convenience stores through them if you are in the US. 
@_date: 2016-05-10 20:22:30
You've been reading too much Keynes (or probably listening to people who have).
Lending is certainly a good and necessary function within an economy that can create wealth if put to **efficient** productive use.  But lending newly created money that had no marginal cost of production (inflating the money supply) distorts the market price of money and leads to inefficient production/consumption decisions that ultimately simply transfer wealth instead of helping to create it.
Monetary inflation is only good for those creating the money.  If money is sufficiently divisible, then modest deflation of the money supply is irrelevant.
The natural state of an economy that is experiencing productivity gains is to see aggregate prices fall at the rate of the productivity gains.  The declining prices are how an economy naturally distributes the productivity gains throughout its participants.
Monetary inflation (creating new money that doesn't have a marginal cost of production) does nothing but steal that productivity gain and leech value from all the money currently existing.
In a free market for money, the supply of it is only increased when the demand for money causes its price to exceed the marginal cost of producing the next unit.  When the production of your money has no marginal cost, the producing cartel is simply stealing the excess productivity of those who store it using the money.     
@_date: 2016-05-25 16:09:28
They'd have to buy it at the prices at which people are willing to sell it, and then in order to use it they'd have to sell it at the prices at which people are willing to buy it.
The accumulation of money doesn't give anyone control over the money itself.  It is the ability to control the creation of money which gives banks the control over the money.  In Bitcoin, computer code controls the creation of the money so the only entity that can control the Bitcoin monetary system is the entity that controls the computer code.
@_date: 2016-05-27 04:41:39


Well, we haven't seen the routing solution yet, but I suspect that this is the planned "native" approach.  It'll likely be necessary for the network to work at all that every user's excess capacity can be used to route network transactions as that will be the only way that you can Kevin Bacon your way to everybody else on the network.
But that still doesn't mitigate the fact that the more well capitalized the node the more efficient a node it will be within the network.  If users wanted to uphold decentralization values, they would have to choose more capital restricted channels that would need more hops through likely higher fee hubs to "route around" the big central hubs that will spring up and the masses are unlikely to do that.  Look at how many people use Coinbase, Circle, Gemini, et al today vs. BitSquare. 
@_date: 2016-05-23 17:15:31
Fair enough.  And those factors have been debated and addressed.  
GA submitted code to solve the security issue to Core (and committed it to Classic) - it was ignored.
The max_blocksize compromise at 2MB is certainly not a serious threat to decentralization - and even at 8MB would exert far less centralization pressure than LN hubs which scale efficiency with capitalization.
The disagreement here is not technical, it's political.  It's rooted in a particular vision of how the monetary system should evolve - a vision strongly held by a few who understand little about economics and the structure and history of monetary systems.
While we should be willing to give a bunch of coders a fair degree of deference on issues related to coding, we ought to be extremely skeptical of that same bunch of coders demanding deference on issues related to the structure of a monetary system just because they are expert coders.    
@_date: 2016-05-10 19:10:52
The reasoning in your other posts is faulty.  The whole reason the Fed engaged in QE was to expand the money supply.  When they buy bonds, they create new money to do so.  That new money that they create is called "high-power" or base money which is then used by the banks which are part of their cartel to further expand the money supply via loans.
Remember that interest rates are simply the price of money.  When the Fed uses OMO or QE to target interest rates, that's just a euphemism for shifting the supply curve to reach the targeted "rate" (price).  They shift the supply curve by either selling or purchasing bonds in the repo market (OMO) or in the outright market (QE).  Whenever they purchase bonds, they create new money to do so and push it out into the market.
@_date: 2016-05-25 18:09:50
The "tragedy of the commons" is a commonly misunderstood and overused economic theory, that has been largely discredited by more rigorous economic study of unowned resources (e.g. see the work by 2009 Nobel Prize winner Elinor Ostram).
Free markets may not always produce the outcome with which you agree, but they do always produce the outcomes which provide maximal utility to the market participants (noting that Hardin's "commons dilemma" ignores the impact of time preference when considering the utility of outcomes generated).
@_date: 2016-05-27 14:11:01
Government regulation of money is **never** good for the users of the money.  It's very essence is to establish control of a market by a small set of politically connected people for the use of their benefactors. 
@_date: 2016-05-10 05:56:51
An adherent to ancap principle would never vote for Trump.
@_date: 2016-05-17 22:33:36
None of those bullet points addresses what happens when you get an NSL, IRS "request," etc.
@_date: 2016-05-25 16:27:14
People like to be able to move their money anywhere at any time in any amount.  In order to be able to move money through LN both ways (push and pull) the channels need to be capitalized on both ends.  So, as a rational network participant, you will prefer to have a relatively few Lightning channels on which you concentrate your capital with other high capitalization nodes.  Furthermore, as the frequency of hops through the network will increase the likelihood of channel volume restriction, you would also prefer that the hubs to which you are connected via a channel also have a lot of other high capitalization channels.
These factors will exert significant centralization pressure on the hubs, which will then be exacerbated by the fee structure because the bigger, more well capitalized, and more well connected hubs will be able to collect (and sell) more, and more valuable, transaction data the proceeds of which can then be used to subsidize fees.
The extent of the centralization pressure should come as no surprise because the LN is essentially a banking structure (with hubs being banks and channels being checking accounts) - except that the LN will exert even more centralization pressure than the banking network because channels operate at a 100% reserve ratio so the ability for any hub to push/pull money through the system is capped at absolute hub capitalization.
@_date: 2016-05-16 17:54:11
1.  The devs may be good coders, but much more goes into making fundamental decisions about the capacity of a monetary system than the technicals of coding.  Many of the coders making the decisions lack depth of understanding in economics, monetary history, and the nature of monetary systems.  (Note here that GM is on record here on Reddit claiming that modern fiat currencies are democratically controlled, and AB is on record claiming that sunk costs will affect future mining production decisions.)  You will also note that Blockstream/Core devs are on record suggesting that SegWit will forestall the need for an immediate max_blocksize increase.  I must assume that you already know all that since you are simply aping their comments in your defense of the idea that SegWit will double capacity and that therefore your feigned ignorance of their publicly stated positions is some sort of argument technique.
2.  You cannot simply wave away a for-profit company's duty to its investors or the fact that that duty might conflict with the interests of a community that is not invested in the company with the phrase "totally meaningless."  Good argument technique requires the use of [logic] (
3.  Perhaps you should do a little more research on how Bitcoin fees work and how SegWit discounting works.  Bitcoin fees work based on the size of the transaction.  If SegWit reduces the size of some transactions more than it does others with an accounting discount, the fees will also be discounted regardless of miner discretion.
Overall, your gullibility and reliance on authority to give you direction is inhibiting your ability to judge things for yourself.  Several times in this thread you have suggested that "if xyz approves than it must be OK."  Trying exploring, researching, and considering things for yourself.  You'll be better informed and better able to make decisions if you do.
        
@_date: 2016-05-30 23:47:03
If you're looking for a combination of speed and functionality with a decent and straightforward UI, Electrum is hard to beat.
If you're looking for a combination of enhanced security and functionality with a decent and straightforward UI, mSIGNA is hard to beat. It's not quite as fast as Electrum, but it will connect to your own localhost full node client or another of your trusted instances to which you manually point it. 
Both can be used through Tor. 
@_date: 2016-05-23 21:44:52
...obvious that the guy(s) writing the checks hasn't decided yet.
@_date: 2016-05-28 03:06:44
Then perhaps we shouldn't be discounting SegWit data to .25x and calling it a capacity increase.  It is, after all, just an accounting trick.  Perhaps we should call SegWit what it really is, a malleability fix with some other cool stuff thrown in.  Perhaps we shouldn't be using it to subsidize multisig transactions.
@_date: 2016-05-24 19:20:15
Maybe we need to get back to making Bitcoin the best P2P **complete** monetary system it can be instead of chasing dead ends like "digital gold" and settlement layers? 
@_date: 2016-05-25 14:43:51
Maybe but let a free market treat it that way instead of a group of wannabe central bankers. 
@_date: 2016-05-02 23:36:26
Attention. SN doesn't want it, CW does. 
@_date: 2016-05-11 00:04:12
Or, you could just look it up yourself.  I'm not inclined to do that work for you since I already know the answer (and am willing to put my money where my fingers have typed).  You're the one who made the incorrect assertion - without evidence. 
@_date: 2016-05-31 03:46:31
More than likely, but if you're the first person to hit that location they give you a bitcoin bounty (think it's $5 worth.
@_date: 2016-05-10 17:05:10
It's common knowledge that all US government debt is denominated in USD. If you'd like to dispute that I would challenge you to find an debt issue that isn't. You'll be looking for a long time with no success.
Remember that the US government isn't "in charge" of the issuance of the USD, or the management of the money supply. The Federal Reserve Board controls the money supply and it's not part of the government, it's a cartel of banks.  That banking cartel, which controls the money supply is also the largest holder of US government debt.
@_date: 2016-05-28 02:56:11
He did.  Did you examine the data?  Blocksize didn't become a problem until about 4MB.
@_date: 2016-05-27 22:38:38
Wonder if [this question] ( from 5 days ago is related?
@_date: 2016-05-17 06:23:33


@_date: 2016-05-26 15:20:35
Couple more questions here:
1.  As I recall from a data review of Toomin's HK presentation blocksize didn't start becoming a viability issue until approx 4MB, where the GFWoC started extending propagation times significantly.  What data suggests that viability becomes an issue between 2MB and 4MB?
2.  Is it not inaccurate to state that SegWit provides an increase to max_blocksize but rather more accurate to state that under certain circumstances SegWit will provide an increase in the transaction capacity of the current max_blocksize?
Thanks. 
@_date: 2016-05-27 22:22:56


This is hilariously backwards.  KnC was a big proponent of increased max_blocksize.  
@_date: 2016-05-23 08:09:21
Different SHTF money for different SHTF scenarios. 
@_date: 2016-05-10 05:49:48
That's rhetoric.  China is just defending itself against our own dollar debasement.
It's hillarious to me when US politicians point the finger at China for "manipulating their currency" while basking in easy Fed monetary policy. 
@_date: 2016-05-28 19:53:29
Я не ваш товарищ, друга
@_date: 2016-05-23 19:00:56
We'll certainly one doesn't have to run their software, but when they present themselves as the stewards of the protocol, claim that alternative implementations are attacks (instead of competition) and generally work to forestall discussion and debate of approaches differing from their own, then one's choice is to either fork away from them or leave Bitcoin.  Personally I'm fine with either because I believe that Bitcoin has already fulfilled its essential purpose and maybe it has reached its natural zenith, but I still lament that it has fallen prey to an egoistic lust for centralized power and control.
@_date: 2016-05-11 00:56:14
Would you say that the demand for loans depends on the price of money (interest rates)?
I suspect that you would, in which case I would ask:
Who controls the price of money and how do they control it? 
@_date: 2016-05-28 20:17:50
My logic is not circular.  Yours may be, in which case you should probably begin questioning the validity of the arguments that you're making.
@_date: 2016-05-05 14:13:27
You're confusing Gavin with Blocksream/Core.
@_date: 2016-05-10 05:55:21


Nope.  All US federal government debt is denominated in USD. 
@_date: 2016-05-18 07:35:01
What made you post this now?  It would have made more sense 3 weeks ago when ETH was at $7 and $8 and Bitcoin was at $465.
@_date: 2016-05-11 00:58:21
Well, clearly you didn't fare so well in your studies.  Keep at it, there's a lot there to discover.
@_date: 2016-05-23 14:34:35
Decentralization brought to you by a central committee of technocrats.  Hilarious!  Monte Python could hardly have imagined a more delicious oxymoron. 
What's even funnier is the appeal to the authority of expertise when the "experts" have little to no expertise in what they're attempting to do - design a monetary system. 
@_date: 2016-05-14 05:02:46
TCP/IP was standardized in 1982 and for the first 10 years all anyone really built was email and bulletin boards for geeks.  It took 15 years before the web was established in the mainstream, and all the stuff that you're used to today didn't really start arriving until about 20 years after TCP/IP had been standardized.  If you count from when Internet technology was first released into the public sphere you can add another 10 - 15 years to those counts.
DLT is only 7 years old, it's actually progressing much faster than the Internet did. 
@_date: 2016-05-11 02:51:56


Does the term NINJA loans ring a bell?  How about the terms sub-prime mortagages, housing bubble, student loan crisis, sub-prime auto loans, Greek debt crisis, Icelandic banks, etc?
@_date: 2016-05-16 06:16:10
What correlation are you speaking about?
And which proposal are you suggesting that 100% of the Core devs signed off on?  (I take it you are aware that over 300 individuals have contributed to Core development.)
And again, if you going to accuse me of lying, please point out what I have said specifically that you believe to be a lie.
@_date: 2016-05-17 22:35:09
If you have stored the data, a warrant canary only alerts you to when your privacy has been compromised.  It can't prevent your privacy from being compromised. 
@_date: 2016-05-21 13:40:28
And this is surprising coming from a company offering a payment channel service?
**News Flash:** Coca Cola Company says Dasani is superior to tap water!
@_date: 2016-05-23 14:09:11
No, but if the CHF doesn't move through the banking system correctly, you would blame the SCB because the central bank is responsible for the design and maintenance of the system as a whole. 
Unfortunately, Blockstream/Core has become the central bank of Bitcoin, so now they should be blamed. 
@_date: 2016-05-21 18:01:10
If a business can be unaffected by cutting its top line revenue in half, then mining businesses might be unaffected by the halvening. 
@_date: 2016-05-26 15:10:47
Few questions here:
1. Under what scenario(s) would SegWit (itself, without Schnorr sigs) double transaction capacity?
2.  What's a reasonable estimate for how long it might take to achieve those scenarios?
3.  In what way does SegWit provide a lower resource usage than a doubling of max_blocksize for full nodes (which still have to receive, transmit, and process all the witness data), and how much lower resource usage will it provide?
Thanks. 
@_date: 2016-05-13 14:48:07
Public blockchains are superior for us for the same reason that they are **inferior** for banks - namely that public blockchains are an antidote to banks. 
@_date: 2016-05-15 15:32:01
Your overall point is correct, but the vast majority of the seignorage in our national fiat system goes to the banks as well - and wasn't counted in the $1.7T figure.
@_date: 2016-05-10 14:41:52
Nope.  In our current monetary system in which the creation of money requires no productive effort, when you expand the money supply you don't add to the aggregate wealth. The new money that you created leaches all its value from the outstanding stock of money. In essence the new money redistributes the wealth (stored excess productivity) that it represents from those that have saved using the money that is being expanded to the banks which do the monetary creation and then on to the recipients of the loan. The borrowers have to pay that back, but to the banks, and not to the savers from whom it was taken in the first place. 
@_date: 2016-05-15 15:59:56
Oh, and the fact remains that Blockstream is a for profit company with outside investors and a product line that depends on the structure of protocol development. It therefore has both an ethical and fiduciary duty to pursue the best interests of its investors. That's not conspiracy, that's just standard everyday corporate governance principles.
Given that duty to its investors, the fact that it is stewarding protocol development presents a serious conflict of interest.  The ethical course for Blockstream would be to maintain an arm's length relationship from protocol development, yet it has not done so.  Rather it has done the opposite and chosen to pay the most influential developers for protocol development work.  Again, this is not conspiracy, just standard everyday corporate governance and business ethics being applied to the current dev structure of Bitcoin. If you want an example of an ethical structure, look to how VB and his dev team are organized and paid. 
@_date: 2016-05-10 19:58:52
1.  Banks hold base money that they receive for selling UST bonds on reserve at the Fed.  Those reserves are then used to leverage up their loan and bond books.  The amounts that they can leverage that base money are set by the Basel (now III) Capital Accords.
2.  While Banks can (and do) lever their UST , MBS, and sometimes even corporate holdings via the repo market (use collateral to lever), they usually only do so for their bond trading operations and not to lever their loan books.  Therefore, when they sell the bonds to the Fed (via OMO or QE), they have substantially more latitude to lever and by doing so expand the money supply, which again is the point of both QE and OMO.
3.  UST notes and bonds **are not** money.  They are considered "cash like instruments" because they are widely be believed to be default-free.  While I believe that UST Bills may count as cash for determining a bank's reserve ratios, the notes and bonds don't.
While UST notes and bonds can be used to lever banks (via collateralized borrowing in the repo market), they don't act as the base money (or even deposits) off of which the majority of bank monetary expansion occurs.
...So when the Fed buys those bonds and supplies the banks with base money in their reserve accounts, it does actually expand the money supply.     
@_date: 2016-05-10 06:08:23


@_date: 2016-05-11 00:57:27
Just do the reading guy.
@_date: 2016-05-25 22:53:41
...becuase then you'd still be price controlling the market such that it would never find it's equilibrium and maximum efficiency point - you'd just be price controlling from the other side.
@_date: 2016-05-11 02:55:10


And how do they influence it?
@_date: 2016-05-17 22:30:34
For you to automatically track and link (and potentially sell) along with my IP address?
No thanks, I'll stick with spreadsheets.
@_date: 2016-05-11 00:19:17


That's from you.
I, OTOH, have studied economics at the undergraduate and graduate levels and spent years of my personal time reading various economists from various schools of thought and studying monetary systems.   I have an undergraduate degree in political science, a master's degree in finance, and have had an almost 25 year career in banking, bond and derivatives trading, illiquid asset finance, and hedge fund &amp; private equity investments.
A little more curiosity might help you understand economics better.  I'm completely serious when I suggest reading von Mises and Rothbard (and Keynes for that matter).  That way when you expound on "how it works" you'll be speaking/writing from a framework of having applied some actual rigorous thought to the matter at hand. 
**Here's a good place to start:**
 
@_date: 2016-05-02 01:39:13
And that post is a perfect representation of the hatred, negativity, vitriol, and lust to dominate others that underlies leftist ideology and results in the very fascism which you seek to deny.
@_date: 2016-05-17 05:53:54
Not a big reader, eh?
If you had read the link I provided you would have seen that logical arguments require sound inference and good ones require at least some degree of factual support.  Logic is not just a series of ill informed suppositions repeated without understanding of the underlying structure like a cockatoo mimics human language.  The factual support part usually requires that you have at least looked into the subject at hand.  Since you haven't done that I'll review some SegWit basics for you:
1.  SegWit transactions actually use exactly the same "space" as non SegWit transactions.  There is no magic happening here, there's just an accounting change.  So it's factually incorrect to say that SegWit transactions "use half as much space."  They use the same space, but that space is accounted for differently.
2.  The difference lies in the way in which SegWit accounts for the size of the witness part of the transaction, thus the term Segregated Witness.  Under SegWit the witness parts of Bitcoin transactions in any given block not only get rolled up into their own Merkle root, but they also get new accounting treatment which was set by **some** of the Blockstream/Core devs.  The data for the witness parts of the transactions will only count for 25% of their actual size, so they receive a 75% discount in the accounting for the size of the transaction even though they are actually consuming the same amount of space that they did before SegWit.  While the vast majority of Bitcoin devs agree that the transaction malleability fix that stems from separating out the witness data into is own Merkle root and the version bits feature are good things that absolutely should be done, there is disagreement over the discounting and the introduction of this change as a soft fork (which reduces network security).
3.  Why might some of the devs and many in the community disagree with the witness discounting?  It matters because Bitcoin fees are calculated based on the ascribed transaction data size.  The miners set the fees as some amount they are willing to accept per unit of data (KB).  So if the Blockstream/Core devs implement a data discount for the witness parts of transactions, it follows mathematically that the transactions with lager witness portions receive a larger discount in the ascribed total transaction size and thus get a larger fee reduction no matter what fee rate the miners set.  In essence under SegWit, transactions with larger witness sizes are being subsidized by the SegWit data discount.
4.  What a lucky coincidence then that the types of transactions used for sidechain and 2ndary layer interaction with the blockchain tend to have larger witness sections whereas the majority of regular old P2P payments transactions tend to have smaller witness sections!  Again, I ask you: If the intent is to expand transaction capacity why would one subsidize larger transactions?  That makes no sense, unless...
5.  "Fees also serve a purpose of defending centralization.  SegWit transactions promote decentralization..."  How exactly do you arrive at this conclusion?  And before you answer, please take some time to actually learn what SegWit is and how it works.
6.  I never said that Blockstream was trying to sabotage Bitcoin.  That makes no sense as their business model relies on a functioning Bitcoin network.  What I did say is that Blockstream is busy shaping the protocol to better suit their business model and SegWit is evidence of that.  It is exactly what is required to allow for 2ndary layers and two way pegged sidechains, and the witness discounting will subsidize the types of transactions required by sidechains and layers.  This should come as no surprise because for the umpteenth time: as a for profit company engaged in protocol development, Blockstream has a legal and ethical obligation to its investors to develop the protocol in a manner that suits the best interest of those investors according to most legal precedent in the Western world.                         
@_date: 2016-05-23 14:29:41
Please keep in mind that this is supposed to be Bitcoin, not fiat banking, and the developers are supposed to be a bunch of coders, not central bankers.  The **free** market of producers and consumers is supposed to decide what should and should not go on the blockchain, not a central committee of technocrats.  You don't have decentralization if a central committee is making the capacity decisions.
The funny thing is that the central committee claims to centrally plan the Bitcoin economy in the name of decentralization while introducing layers which will exert centralization pressure on the network!
@_date: 2016-05-17 07:11:20
As I suggested, before you comment **please at least take the time to read the SegWit documentation so that you know what you're talking about when you respond.**  Your answers are making it abundantly clear that you haven't the foggiest idea how SegWit works, yet you're expounding on it as if you wrote the code.
1.  SegWit does not double transaction space.  It discounts witness data by 75%.  What that translates to in terms of additional transactions in a block depends entirely on what type of transactions are more prevalent.  **No** reasonable estimates are as high as doubling transaction space, with most estimates being 1.25 to 1.75 as much space after all wallets are upgraded depending on transaction types.  If multisigs become more prevalent it will approach 1.75x, if they don't it will be more like 1.25x.
2.  The devs do control the witness data discounting which is set at 75%, and the size of the witness data affects the fee **no matter what the miners do.**
3.  All full nodes will store the witness data too so there is no effect on the total amount of data that full nodes will transmit, process, and store under SegWit (other than the increase in total data associated with the higher number of transactions being processed in one block). 
4.  At least read my full comments before responding.
It just occurred to me that maybe your reading comprehension is  incredibly poor (possibly because you are not a native English speaker).  Try reading more slowly and read things 2 or 3 times to give the meaning some time to sink in before you try put what you read into context.  Or, alternatively try and obtain translations into whatever your native language is.
   
@_date: 2016-05-28 05:34:41
Maybe, but they would be in business, and mining would be more decentralized and distributed.
And in stressed financial cases, timing is always important.  Another few months purchased by higher prices might have been all it took to stave off bankruptcy altogether.  In their particular case, I believe that they had been planning on and negotiating a tax break from the Swedes that was delayed at least once and could not survive going into the halvening with a relatively constant price and the 44% burden placed on them by the socialists.  
@_date: 2016-05-10 06:00:21


Uh, yes.  Look at the US stock &amp; bond markets.
You are categorically incorrect by the way.  QE inflates the money supply.  That's the whole point of it.
@_date: 2016-05-15 15:36:40
We'll see soon enough. Care to structure a bet and put your BTC where your fingers are?
@_date: 2016-05-23 16:23:40


You would follow a fork with your hashpower and try and convince others to do so as well - though this is admittedly a more limited means of governance now that mining has centralized so much.




Supply (as controlled by the producers) and demand (as expressed by the consumers' willingness to pay certain amounts) are the only measures available in a truly free market and they tend to maximize utility (and therefore happiness) when allowed to operate without interference from central committees.   


BU has one, the Classic roadmap has a proposal, and a third implementation has been released by a prominent Bitcoin company whose name is slipping my mind at the moment.  The reason that they the community has not adopted them is perhaps less because they are inadequate (as any code can be fixed with the proper amount of review and discussion), but rather more because any discussion and review is being stonewalled by the central committee.


True, but unfortunately the central committee in control of the protocol does not agree with this rational viewpoint and has proceeded to forestall any attempts to proceed down this rational path. 
@_date: 2016-05-15 15:50:20
No, you're stating that SegWit will double transaction capacity, I stated that it doesn't really do that for the reasons that I detailed. So the bet would have to hinge on the number of transactions in a block doubling after SegWit. 
@_date: 2016-05-31 04:04:11
Yep easy to do, but might take some persistance explaining to store clerks wh’ve never done it before, but they pay you a bounty if you’re the first at a particular store.
@_date: 2016-05-05 23:10:00
Absolutely.  A very good reason that we should support competing dev teams, alternative implementations, and both on and off chain scaling!
@_date: 2016-07-01 14:32:05
If there was no protection, you'd pay 1.5% to 3% less for everything you buy - there is significant extra cost to you.
@_date: 2016-05-28 05:17:41
...except that when prices are higher they stay out of bankruptcy.
You don't have to be the most efficient player in a market to survive.  You just have to be efficient enough to earn profit.
@_date: 2016-05-16 05:41:50
What lies?
1.  Blockstream is a for profit company.
2.  Blockstream's main business is to produce private sidechains and layers for corporate clients.
3.  Blockstream has outside investors.
4.  Blockstream has a fiduciary and ethical duty to pursue the best interests of its investors in their business dealings (that's just part of corporate governance under English Common Law)
5.  Rather than respect the COI and keep an arm's length relationship with Bitcoin protocol development, Blockstream employs at least nine devs to work on Bitcoin protocol (via Core) and also hires contractors to do so.
Nothing there is made up, that's all common knowledge to anyone who's been following Bitcoin development.  Where are the lies in that? 
**Edit:** I can understand if those facts are off-putting and you don't like they way that they sound.  Neither do I.  But those are the facts.  No sense putting your head in the sand and ignoring the obvious conflict of interest inherent in Blockstream's involvement in Bitcoin protocol development.  Rather we should face up to it as a community and call it for what it is - just plain unethical and wrong.  It's no different than Coinbase or Circle having substantial influence over protocol development.  Perhaps even more accurately, it's no different than R3CEV having significant influence over Bitcoin protocol development.  But at least those other companies have the grace and ethics to distance themselves from protocol development because it would be unseemly for them to influence it directly.  Unfortunately, the execs at Blockstream have no such compunction.  
@_date: 2016-05-28 20:40:51
Repeating the same or similar points because you have not refuted them with logical arguments supported by facts (as I have yours) is not circular logic.  It means that you are not making an argument at all - because your logic is circular:
1.  "We cannot scale onchain."  "Why not?"  "Becasue the guys at Blockstream/Core said that we cannot scale onchain."  "Why not?"  Because the guys at Blockstream Core have the best plan for the future."
2.  "SegWit discounts are the most efficient way to scale."  "No it isn't.  SegWit discounts subsidize large transactions which decreases block efficiency."  "Blockstream/Core has the best scaling plan for real long term progress."
And so on...
  
@_date: 2016-07-24 14:52:37
If Bitcoin had a dev team that was actually interested in improving the protocol for its intended purposes that would be the case.  But as they are busy hijacking the coin and turning it into a base layer for their private business activities any of the improvements being "tested" in alts are of no interest to them and will never make it into Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-07-23 06:59:12
It tells you that the devs haven't been focused on UE and Bitcoin is suffering because of it. 
@_date: 2016-07-19 05:07:32
Demand doesn't just appear (*a priori*) out of the thin air.  It has to come from somewhere for some reason, eh?
Demand for a money is determined solely by its usefulness as a medium of exchange at its base and as a store of value at a secondary level which is dependent on that base.  If it is not useful as a medium of exchange (because no one spends it and if no one spends it merchants won't bother to accept it), then Bitcoin will be worth very little, if anything at all.
@_date: 2016-05-16 06:08:29
What lies?
Are you suggesting that the choice of which types of transactions to discount was either accidental, random, or unintentional?
@_date: 2016-05-23 19:39:17
With a major difference being that GA actually can and does write code and doesn't stand to gain financially from the politics that he's advocating. 
@_date: 2016-05-27 13:33:13
Nope, that's levered long. Long is just buying and HODLing. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 17:23:09
This depends on where you are.  In most US states it was illegal for many years and is only just now being legalized again due to persistent court fights.
@_date: 2016-07-20 07:20:46
I trust that most following the thread will be able to distinguish between actual reasoned argument and ill-considered platitudes with some ad hominem thrown in, even if you can't.
@_date: 2016-07-25 01:24:08
Be specific.
@_date: 2016-07-01 15:58:38
Yes, that assumption is commonly called the economics of free markets. 
@_date: 2016-07-18 00:56:44


**News Flash:** Bitcoin is fiat money.  It's just fiat money that's not controlled by a central bank, but rather by the community of miner/nodes according to a specific computer algorithm.
@_date: 2016-07-08 07:03:32
This whole section of the thread should be tinted green. It's like a bunch of catty 15 year old girls showed up to reply here.
@_date: 2016-07-01 17:26:37


In efficient markets, they pretty much do, as in efficient markets with free entry/exit price = marginal cost of production. 
@_date: 2016-07-18 16:56:51
The thing is, the price will never get to $1mm unless Bitcoin becomes a global money, and that will only happen if people spend them.
@_date: 2016-07-23 20:08:11
I was referring to the overall Bitcoin UE, which has not only not improved in the last couple of years, but has actually gotten worse due to higher fees and transaction processing delays.
Bitcoin has become unreliable enough that when I introduce newbs to cyrptos these days, I use alts because I have greater confidence that transactions will occur more smoothly and with a fee that will entice newbs to try cryptos instead of sticking with Paypal. 
@_date: 2016-07-19 05:43:01
Gold has a store of wealth value above that of its (relatively low) alternative use value only because for most of recorded human history, until fairly recently, it was the preeminent global medium of exchange and people (quite rightly) believe that it has some non-trivial probability of becoming that again.  Even so, it's value is orders of magnitude lower than it would be if it were still the preeminent global medium of exchange.
Oh, and medium of exchange is a term for an intermediate good, which itself is just a good which people mostly use for the purpose of trading for other goods (ie they use it to buy things with, or they spend it).  
@_date: 2016-07-08 07:00:51
...or maybe he actually enjoys driving. 
@_date: 2016-05-23 08:10:27
Yes, but telling the world what you own is a bad call. Even if it's just a little bit. 
@_date: 2016-07-24 17:00:09


LOL!  That's funny.
Blockstream/Core's  priority is to disambiguate the monetary functions of Bitcoin into separate layers because they think this will aid scaling.  And it may.  But as none of them are students of monetary history (and I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt when I say that) they probably don't realize that the core design philosophy behind the Bitcoin experiment was the combination of **all** the functions of a monetary system into one layer that was atomized and broadly distributed to the individual users.  It is this unified design principle that allows Bitcoin to stay decentralized and censorship resistant.  As they undo it and separate out the monetary functions into separate layers (settlement, payment, etc), specialization will follow and specialization brings centralization et alia.
The pattern is largely the same for all monetary systems, but you'd have to be a student of them to know that.  
@_date: 2016-05-25 18:30:42
Centralization is a natural effect of any industry in which production efficiency scales with capitalization where the more capital you have to invest in production, the more efficient your production becomes leading to a concentration of production in the fewest most well capitalized hands (see Bitcoin mining).
In most industries where that happens the efficiency scales as a indirect function of capitalization leading to slippage in the centralization effects because other variables can have more significant effect on efficiency (see Bitcoin mining again).  With LN, node efficiency scales as a direct function of capitalization so one might logically expect the centralization pressure to be even greater than in industries with a more typical indirect relationship between capital and efficiency (see modern fiat banking and monetary systems). 
@_date: 2016-05-11 07:12:05
Electrum if you are OK with an SPV wallet, and mSigna if you are running a full node (or know of a trusted one that you can point to).  Both can be used via Tor.
@_date: 2016-07-01 21:34:38


@_date: 2016-07-23 06:59:12
It tells you that the devs haven't been focused on UE and Bitcoin is suffering because of it. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 00:15:40
...except those which lead elsewhere.
@_date: 2016-07-01 14:17:52
See my previous comments.  You are being charged along with everyone now because the credit card companies (and banks) lobbied governments to make it illegal to differentially charge you. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 14:07:11
No, you can be assured that you are paying more.  Merchants just charge everyone extra now (but less extra as the total cost is more widely distributed) because the banks and CC companies lobbied governments to make it illegal to differentially charge card users in most jurisdictions.  Some US states are undoing that legislation now and many merchants are going back to differentially charging.  You must be young, it used to be quite common prior to the lobbying. 
@_date: 2016-07-02 22:28:14


IMO, it kind of is.  That transaactional experience these days is **much** less reliable than it used to be 18 to 24 months ago when I first started learning about bitcoin.  When introducing a monetary system that has had iffy general press coverage in the MSM and has often been associated with scams and crime (rightly or wrongly), it had better have a good UX right off the bat.  Having a payment hang out in the mempool watching blocks go by only to be told that your fee wasn't enough and that you should try again with (another guess at) higher fees which also may or may not get your transaction processed at some random point in the future is not a good UX.  You can kill your credibility with the mass market very quickly with that type of introduction. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 17:45:59
Certainly no market is completely efficient, but goods markets in most western countries are efficient enough that they're passing the credit cards fees on to you 1:1.
@_date: 2016-05-10 22:05:42
If you like, I'll make you a .25BTC bet then to make it worth your while to do the research and find out.  It would have to be a bilateral bet though, so if you can't find any outstanding UST bill, note, or bond issues denominated in a currency other that USD by this time next week I'll be expecting a .25 BTC payment to an address that I'll provide you over PM.
As a gentlemanly forewarning: I traded US government bonds for a living for part of my career in bond and derivative trading.
Still want to make the bet?
   
@_date: 2016-07-01 13:02:13
Visa charges you 1.5% to 3% on everything you buy, you just may not realize it because they take their cut from the merchants, who pass it on to you in the form of higher prices. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 18:09:16
Obviously the Bitcoin percentages are not as readily available, but even you would have to admit that it's probably not 25% of Bitcion users that experience theft of their bitcoin keys.
@_date: 2016-07-24 14:57:11


It's being hijacked right now and turned into a settlements layer for a private company's sidechain and layers business right underneath our noses and the miners aren't servicing the users, the majority of whom value its original intended purpose.
@_date: 2016-07-08 20:24:03
Depends on which BMW you owned (the X5 is a garbage scow).
@_date: 2016-07-01 14:20:43
Just because everyone pays does not mean you're not paying. Were it not for credit card fraud (and the cost of fraud protection) everything that everyone buys would be much cheaper. You're paying. 
@_date: 2016-07-25 14:16:39
The LN is a great idea for micro payments, but relying on it for becoming the P2P payments layer because it scales more efficiently is a massive mistake if you value decentralization and censorship resistance.  Why?  Because of **how** it scales.
LN nodes scale their efficiency directly with capitalization.  The more capital a node has committed, the more and more well funded channels it can have and thus the more efficient it will be for routing (fewer hops required and more capacity to push Bitcoin through).  The more efficient a node is at routing, the more channels it has, and the larger the capacity of those channels the more attractive a channel partner it will be, and the more traffic it will see.  The more traffic it sees, the more transaction information it will be able to collect and sell in order to subsidize its fees.  The more it can subsidize its fees, the more channels and traffic it will attract.
In the end you have created what will essentially replicates a banking system where individuals are highly incentivized to keep one or two channels funded with giant well capitalized nodes (rather like checking accounts).  And like banks these nodes will be giant centralized payments operators, huge targets for regulators wanting to impose KYC/AML and other censorship - right in the middle of the core function of Bitcoin.
Meanwhile, the fees for regular Bitcoin P2P will have skyrocketed making it useful only for large transactions (this is actually a stated goal of Blockstream/Core) and regular users will not have a choice other than LN.
That's a nightmare scenario for the Bitcoin that we all fell in love with, but its not just a possible outcome of LN, its the likely outcome.  It is, in fact, very similar to what happened with gold when it was broadly believed that gold was too cumbersome to scale well and so we needed a "secondary layer" to handle payments.  Note that now we no longer have a gold standard, because the secondary layer scaled much more efficiently.
And the lack of ability to see that is what I mean when I say that the Blockstream/Core devs have a dangerous lack of understanding of economics, monetary systems, and the history of both.
Division of labor always leads to specialization and specialization leads to centralization.  The genius of Bitcoin is that the design is intended to prevent division of labor in the monetary system.  It is not perfect (it failed to foresee how the development of ASICS would create mining division of labor), but **the very last thing we should be doing is dividing even more functions of the monetary system up into specialized layers** if we aim to keep Bitcoin decentralized. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 17:44:54
I can't speak to Canada as I am unfamiliar with its markets and laws.  If it was anything like the US differential charging was widespread until the banks started lobbying against it. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 21:39:08
While I'm a believer that Bitcoin is unstoppable, make no mistake here.  A government that has asserted the legal right to execute its citizens without due process and defended that right in the public sphere will have no qualms overstepping it's bounds to prohibit Bitcoin.  Currently the US federal government routinely and egregiously violates just about every one of the Bill of Rights which its officers are sworn to uphold, and you think that it will have a difficult time banning Bitcoin at some point?  That's rich.  
@_date: 2016-07-08 08:14:28
...and the Tesla would be perfect for you. 
Not so much for those of us who prefer doing things to watching things. 
@_date: 2016-07-19 15:33:37
You are using theories derived from central bank and government controlled monetary systems to describe the behavior of money in a free monetary market where its production and behavior are quite different.  The standard observation of the relationship between the velocity of money and its value is largely governed by that fact the central banks typically seek to increase the velocity of money while simultaneously increasing the supply of it.  And further, the two are related because the process of creating additional central bank money via debt expansion also typically increases the velocity.  We should expect this relationship to be significantly different with money that is neither controlled by a central bank nor created by debt expansion.  Similarly, Gresham's Law is a function of mandated currencies in which market participants are forced to accept "bad money" by law.  In free monetary markets, participants are free to refuse "bad money" and tend to do so very quickly, in which case good money drives out the bad.    
In a free market for currencies, your theoretical perfect intermediate good (money) would only yield "better" returns as a financial investment as direct function of the market expectations for its use as a very significant medium of exchange.  Should it fail to be broadly adopted as a medium of exchange (spent) market expectations would slacken and take its "better" returns along for the ride.
We are, of course, describing the case with Bitcoin.  It's returns are a function of market speculation that it will become a significant medium exchange.  But in order for that to happen it needs substantially greater merchant adoption, and merchant's won't adopt it unless they can attract more customers by accepting it, which implies that people are spending it or at least would prefer to spend it.  I am not saying that in all cases "spent a lot" and "useful as a medium of exchange" are synonymous, nor even in most cases.  Bitcoin, however, is a form of money seeking and needing widespread adoption and that adoption will rely to a significant extent on merchant acceptance of Bitcoin...
   
@_date: 2016-07-19 12:10:25
It'll be a very poor long term investment unless it becomes a widely accepted currency.
@_date: 2016-07-02 14:09:14
Your user name appears apt in this context.  Is a share in a co-op store a security that pays dividends?  Nope.  Equity in companies pays dividends.  The DAO was not a company that issued equity.
@_date: 2016-07-01 15:01:41
No, you pay for that too because if that cost didn't exist your purchases would be cheaper.  This is yet another reason why I offer all my customers paying in Bitcoin a 5% discount (no credit card fees and no bank fees).  As the volatility in Bitcoin subsides I  will likely offer them even more of a discount to pass on the savings from Bitcoin's (relative) lack of seigniorage as well. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 13:40:24
I'm not trying to convince you to use Bitcoin, just trying to make you aware that you are actually paying the cost of something you  might have mistakenly assumed was free.
Bitcoin does not offer loss protection and it does not charge anyone for them either.  For this reason, I offer all my customers paying with Bitcoin a 5% discount.  They appreciate that because when they use Bitcoin, they don't really need the loss protection.  Bitcoin is **far** more inherently secure than credit/debit cards.  Unlike with credit/debit cards you do not reveal all the information needed to  make transactions every time you make a payment with it, and you don't carry that information around all neatly embossed on a little plastic card. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 16:01:08
Can you restate your point more clearly please.  As written I am having a difficult time discerning the meaning of your post. 
@_date: 2016-07-20 07:07:58


Fixed that for you.
@_date: 2016-07-01 11:58:00
Nope. VIsa charges you money so that they can pay it back to you if it does get stolen, so you're really just giving yourself "money back" (in a distributed fashion) and they take a cut to administer the distribution. 
@_date: 2016-07-01 21:33:11
Comic genius.
@_date: 2016-07-01 16:19:23
Note that I said pro-rata.
@_date: 2016-07-01 15:53:41
There is vastly more pro-rata loss to theft from credit card use than Bitcoin use because Bitcoin is vastly more secure than credit cards. There's really no comparison.  To use your gun analogy, credit cards are to Bitcoin what an M16 is to a Daisy BB gun - both the M16 and the BB gun can kill people but one is substantially more likely to do so.  In the case of credit cards, theft is so rampant that the system charges 1.5% to 3% on all purchases to cover it (and that's a conservative estimate). That a lot of theft. 
Also understand that most people don't understand how to use credit cards securely either. They just don't bear the costs of the consequences individually. Instead everyone bears those costs, yet that does not mean that the costs are either lower or unbourne. They are signifIcant, and the lack of credit card security makes us all poorer.  
@_date: 2016-05-09 18:10:33
Yes the Treasury actually prints the physical bills, and mints the coins, but most "printing" these days is electronic via the the Fed and it's member banks and the Treasury is not involved.
Remember that "setting monetary policy" is a euphemism for "controlling interest rates" which is itself a euphemism for controlling the price of money by adjusting the supply of it, which we shorten into "printing" money because the Fed is constantly increasing the supply these days (just at different rates).  
@_date: 2016-07-08 06:33:39
Comic Genius. 
@_date: 2016-07-18 00:49:18
Also all blatant theft.  And well designed cryptos are eventually going to make things very difficult indeed for the thieves.
@_date: 2016-07-01 17:21:04
From creditcards.com'd credit card statistics database:


Twenty four percent of American investors -- 28 percent of women and 21 percent of men -- have had their credit or debit card information stolen through a computer hack attack, according to a 2015 survey. Of those who've had the experience, 90 percent only had it happen to them once or twice. However, 8 percent noted that it had happened three or four times and 1 percent reported that it had happened more than four times.
@_date: 2016-07-19 05:35:28
Well the denotation is derived from the Latin subjunctive of the verb fio/fieri/factus-sum meaning "to become" or "to be made," and in the subjuctive, "let it be made" or "let it become."  The connotation varies from "because it has been made so" through "by pronouncement" to "by authoritative decree."
Anyway you slice it it, when applied to money it generally means "because it was chosen to be made so" and stands in opposition to money that developed from intrinsic trade value (like butter, salt, cows, and to a much lesser extent gold).
I think Bitcoin qualifies as "because it was chosen to be made so."   
@_date: 2016-07-01 18:11:20
Every Coke you buy at the grocery store has a credit card fee baked into it because every merchant pays those fees and passes them on to you.
@_date: 2016-07-24 21:04:51
Nope.  Minimum requirements don't have to tend towards zero to be well enough decentralized such that we can resist censorship.  I would think as long as we can keep nodes to something that can be done with an inexpensive server rack at home then there will be enough individual nodes.  And we are a mighty long way from that now (I run 4 nodes and an Open Bazaar instance on an 8 year old computer that cost me less than $200 and uses less bandwidth than my wife and children's daily streaming).  If we strive for zero node cost as a major design goal we'll end up with a crippled network.
@_date: 2016-07-01 17:42:51
Almost all gas stations in the US used to charge different prices for credit and cash and many, many stores did as well.  As the fees grew, the practice grew - until the bank lobbies put a stop to it by passing state-by-state legislation that made the practice illegal.  Check the history in your local jurisdiction.
@_date: 2016-07-01 14:49:37
You are being charged for the company's "overhead," part of which is the "free" fraud protection.  Eliminate the "free" fraud protection charge and the cost of the "overhead" is lower by 1.5% to 3%, and thus so is the price you pay for goods.
Nothing is free my friend.
@_date: 2016-07-18 00:59:33
That, and the fact that even though Bitcoin may ultimately be a great money, it's a poor replacement for gold.  Gold does not rely on a functioning internet, Bitcoin does.
@_date: 2016-05-10 17:20:36
The idea of the Fed balancing their assets and liabilities is oxymoronic.  
1.  The majority of their assets (bonds) are denominated in and only represent claims to their liabilities and...
2.  As The Donald points out, they have infinite liquidity (not that that's a good thing).
    
@_date: 2016-07-02 04:55:19
Your brother isn't a securities lawyer and may not have known much detail about the DAO structure.
1.  Unregistered securities were not offered to the public.  There are specific definitions of securities and DAO tokens were neither equity in a corporation (partnership, etc) nor debt of a corporation (partnership, etc), nor a combination of the two.  At most DTHs might have been considered general partners in a partnership.
2.  A software developer releasing code that fixes a bug and allows people to recover their Ethereum tokens is not an exercise of control over The DAO or over Etherum.  The code itself doesn't actually do anything unless a majority of people choose to run it.  
2.  
@_date: 2016-07-02 19:12:24
Not necessarily, financial asset pricing isn't continuous.  It can easily jump from $9,846 to $10,000 and then back down to $9,999.  
@_date: 2016-07-01 18:34:02
What's the difference I ask?
@_date: 2016-07-01 16:37:42
...in which case you'll pay for that magic button.  To be fair though, we should drop the laws which don't allow merchants to charge credit card customers differentially though so that others are not forced to bear the costs of your personal decision in that regard.  