@_author: sektion31
@_date: 2018-05-14 19:28:55
A 51% attack on the Bitcoin network is not something anyone can trivially accomplish, regardless of whether or not any ASIC manufacturer actually has the ability to take control of devices in the wild.
The Bitcoin network is a bit compatible to the United States Federal Government (not really, but it works well for a simplified real-world example) in that there is a separation of powers, with checks and balances.
The Fed is composed of three distinct branches: Legislative, Executive, and Judicial. Each branch has specific powers and responsibilities and each branch also has the power to check or limit the other two branches. The Framers chose this design in the hopes of creating a balance between all three branches, but in reality, the Legislative branch has the greatest number of checks on the other branches, with a lot of power over the Executive branch, and the Judicial branch is arguably the least powerful branch, because without Legislative and Executive action, it can't really do all that much.
Bitcoin is similar in that the network also has distinct "branches" of a sort, but the branches of Bitcoin seem to function more like how the three branches of the Federal Government were *supposed* to function. I'm not saying checks and balances in the Bitcoin network are perfect, but they certainly seem to implemented quite well. Continuing with this analogy, the six truly distinct branches of Bitcoin at this time are: Developers, Miners, Exchanges, Wallets, Merchants, and Users. Of course, branch distinction is a debatable subject, and one that will no doubt evolve over time as Bitcoin continues to grow, but for now, we'll stick to these six constituencies.
How does this relate to a 51% attack?
Well, if you're a entity in control of a large amount of miners, and you decide to manipulate the network in a certain way, you would need the other five constituencies to continue to follow your manipulated chain. Otherwise, you end up spending a lot of money on the energy needed to produce this manipulated chain, and if that chain isn't worth much to these other branches, then the money you spent on producing that branch has essentially been wasted.
This balancing of powers applies in every "branch" of Bitcoin. And just like the Federal Government, some branches are arguably more powerful than others. **But my point in this wall of text is that most people's concern about the centralization of mining is very over-hyped. Miners in the Bitcoin network are not comparable to the Legislative branch of the Fed, in that they certainly do not have the greatest number of checks on the other constituencies.**
ASIC manufacturers (and all manufacturers involved in the transistor industry actually) have begun to hit a wall for how many transistors can be incorporated into a chip. Moore's Law is coming to an end. Physics as we currently understand it just doesn't allow us to build reliable transistors past a certain point.
What this means is that, as the industry continues to grow, manufacturing costs become cheaper, which will lead to more companies getting into the ASIC industry (as we've just seen with Samsung), which means more decentralization in ASIC manufacturing. Also, purchase prices for consumers become cheaper as a result, which leads to greater decentralization in actual mining groups, which in turn, translates to an increase in system security, and because of ASIC architecture, this gain in system security can be done in a much more energy efficient way in comparison to the logistics of achieving an equal gain in system security while utilizing general purpose CPUs.
I know there are a lot of points here which can all be further debated on their own, but in summary, I think that there are many reasons why people need not be too concerned about the current implications of ASIC devices. Skepticism is healthy, especially in an environment like this, but I think it's only a matter of time before people start to realize that the benefits of ASICs far outweigh the disadvantages.
@_date: 2018-05-12 20:38:05
I disagree.
Because ASICs can produce an incredible amount of hashing power while also being relatively energy efficient in comparison to general CPUs, I believe that ASICs allow for greater system security via the protocol's difficulty adjustment feature.
Organizing a 51% attack in a system that runs on ASIC devices, with a difficulty level so great, is incredibly impractical. Over time, as more miner manufacturers enter the space, attacks of this sort become more and more impractical. Samsung has only recently entered the ASIC mining space, and I think we will start to see more companies do the same.
As I stated in another thread, "As competition in the ASIC manufacturing space rises, purchase prices become cheaper, manufacturing costs become cheaper, system security is increased, and of course, because of ASIC architecture, this gain in system security can be done in a much more energy efficient way in comparison to the logistics of achieving an equal gain in system security while utilizing general purpose CPUs."
@_date: 2018-05-13 08:05:36
If I recall, ASIC stands for Application Specific Integrated Circuit, meaning, a device which has been designed for a particular use, in comparison to devices designed for general purpose use.
When I said that "ASICs deliver much greater processing power than general purpose CPUs", I specifically meant that in comparison to a general purpose device, an ASIC designed around a particular algorithm, such as Bitcoin's SHA2 algorithm, will have much greater hashing power than those general purpose devices when those general purpose devices are pointed at that same algorithm.
So my argument still stands. I think you just perhaps misinterpreted what I meant.
@_date: 2018-05-31 08:35:53
I assume this is in reference to price, seeing as plenty of amazing development is actually taking place this very moment. It's sad to think that greed has become one of the main factors for why the technology of cryptocurrency has become so popular over these past few years. On the other hand, I guess that's one of the reasons why a decentralized economy like this can even exist in the first place. Still, it seems to me that many members of this community focus too much on price and not for the right reasons.
@_date: 2018-06-23 03:06:31
As a customer of a bank, you're being charged to use their services, one way or another. A bank is a business, and it needs to make money to stay open (unless of course the government decides to give them a pass, but let's ignore that bit for now).
Maybe you aren't being charged fees for local transactions, but for the few times a year that you diverge from your daily routine and use the bank to do those other "unusual" transactions, you better believe that you're gonna end up paying to complete that transaction. And I'm not using the term "unusual" here to refer to something illicit. I just mean "unusual" as in it's different from what the bank expects from the customers it's serving. Maybe something as simple as sending money to a relative in another country.
The reason all those "normal" transactions that you do on a regular basis are free is because the bank probably has pretty good estimates for how many times a year a customer will make an "unusual" transaction, and thus, they'll charge enough money for those "unusual" transactions so that even after making all of those "normal" transactions free, they'll still make a sizeable profit in the end.
But again, a bank is a business, so that's to be expected. As for all of the limitations imposed on customers, well, turns out that banks have to follow a lot of rules and regulations, usually imposed on them by their governments. That's just the way it is.
Which leads me to my main point. **Imagine a bank built on top of a secure, decentralized protocol such as Bitcoin.** Most of those same rules and regulations can be re-created in programmable logic, even on the Bitcoin network with its current dumb contracts (as opposed to higher-level logic smart contracts, which by the way, could be implemented onto Bitcoin via a layered system; i.e. similar to Lightning). **Building a tradition banking system in all its beauty might not be completely feasible today, but the time when banks are able to re-create their infrastructure on top of decentralized networks like Bitcoin will soon be a reality.**
That might not be exciting for the customer, but for the banks, this means that they can emulate their systems as they exist today, in more secure, more customize-able, and of course (perhaps most importantly for them), vastly cheaper ways.
Banks might not realize it yet, but networks like Bitcoin can actually benefit them greatly. People now have a choice between using a bank or using Bitcoin, and some people will choose Bitcoin over banks, but that doesn't mean that the two can't coexist. With time, both will evolve.
@_date: 2018-06-28 17:23:00


I think that right now, there is a very small number of investors in the crypto space. Of those that have invested, crypto is a very small percentage of their portfolio (as it probably should be).
Don't get me wrong, there's a relatively large number of people buying/selling crypto right now, but I can guarantee you that the vast majority of these people are not investors, in the sense that they do not take proper measures when it comes to managing risk.
Personally, I believe that the invention of Bitcoin was/is a true paradigm shift. While the term has no doubt become something of a cliché, in this sense, it actually holds true. We're still in very early days; the ARPANET era of the Internet we know today. The technology has already changed the world and will continue to do so as it evolves.
@_date: 2018-06-23 03:11:48
There are many reasons why Bitcoin will most likely stay relevant for the foreseeable future. Too many to list here. Of course, nothing is certain.
But one thing I will say that often goes under-looked is that Bitcoin really has some of the brightest and most thoughtful people working on its development. Many projects have great developers, no doubt. But Bitcoin has a lot.
@_date: 2018-06-23 02:28:28
For the record, Technical Analysis (TA) charts aren't always that simple. An analyst can choose to create a chart that is as simple or as complex as they want. That being said, no amount of TA (or Fundamental Analysis for that matter) can predict future prices. TA is all about likelihoods. I hesitate to use the word probability here because I think that TA applied to cryptocurrency today is much different than TA applied to traditional securities. For traders of traditional investments, (and I mean people who actually make a living doing this sort of thing) it can certainly be useful in making a guess as to what future prices could be. Of course in the end, this is still just a guess. Note that I didn't use the term 'educated guess' here either.
I don't wanna bash traders who do TA/FA on crypto, but personally, I don't think it's as valuable of a process as it might be with traditional investment vehicles. For everyone else (people who don't make a living doing this sort of thing), they're probably better off just ignoring it completely.
@_date: 2018-03-21 23:45:04


You're absolutely right. And I thank you and the other moderators for the hard work that no doubt goes unrealized by the vast majority of the community, myself included.
I like to continue to see this community grow over the years, memes included, if that's what the community wants. This subreddit obviously can't cater to everyone, but I do think that it's important for discussions like this to take place in order to better determine what should or shouldn't be done for the community.
I'd like a place to come to in order to have serious technical discussions about the technologies, as well as more discussions like this. And I'd like for that place to be none other than this very community. It's no surprise to me (and shouldn't be to anyone else) that as this community grows, it becomes increasingly difficult to find and start these sorts of discussions. In the end, it's simply a matter of volume and percentages. However, if implemented properly, I think that a tagging system similar to the type that was initially suggested by u/walloon5 might be a fine solution to making these sorts of discussions easier to start and find, and could perhaps be beneficial to the community as a whole. No doubt, it's important to recognize that there is a certain amount of overhead when implementing any new change, and this would mean more work for the moderators such as yourself (at least initially), but perhaps a tagging system such as this might make moderating easier in the long run? I don't know. I'd like your opinion on this if you're willing to give it.
Edit: Just saw your reply about the hacked tagging feature. Sorry. Ignore the last bit.
@_date: 2018-03-21 22:50:59
I only used the memes rule as an example of a rule which might be beneficial if it were to be adopted. Of course though, that's just my opinion and the point of this post is to open up a discussion for ways in which we might be able to improve as a community. I'd like for people to both criticize my suggestion, as well as make suggestions of their own.


@_date: 2018-03-21 23:51:27
I see. I wasn't aware of the hacked tagging. I thought it was a more straightforward implementation. Shame.
Who are the individuals who could enable that sort of subreddit control, and do you think it would be worth looking into?
@_date: 2018-03-21 23:09:02


Honestly, I agree with you (to a certain extent) as I think that the psychology of memes is an interesting, important, and often misunderstood aspect of self-expression in modern society. But even so, I gotta say, that first sentence had me close to tears with laughter. Don't get me wrong. I don't want to belittle your point. I just think that it's a genuinely funny sentence.
Now, as to your point itself, what would you say to a rule where posts would require a tag in order to allow for users to filter posts?
Again, the point of this thread was to open a dialogue to discuss ways in which we might improve the community for everyone. I can see that you feel strongly opposed to my suggestion, and I'm only asking that we try to come up with a compromise, as there are people in this community on both sides of the fence.
@_date: 2018-02-05 13:06:47
A wallet can create multiple addresses and even a single address can be used to create multiple addresses. By design, these individual addresses cannot be publicly identified as having been associated with one another. It requires alternative data in order to link an address to a real-life identity and thus even a transaction made from one address to another plays no role in determining who is in control of the addresses in question unless additional data is found (hosting an address on an account associated with a public identity, ect.). In other words, if an address proven to be owned by an individual transfers an amount to a new address, there is no public evidence on the protocol level that the new address in question is also owned by the same individual.
Edit: Added and specifically used the word "public" to be more accurate. Obviously, addresses derived from other addresses can be proven to be associated with each other, but only by the individual who is in possession of the key used to create the addresses in the first place.
@_date: 2018-02-05 12:57:23
In my opinion, the real reason for such a significant drop is the individuals who own lots of Bitcoin, systematically testing the market. This happens in every market, but obviously Bitcoin is a bit easier to manipulate, especially with many new adopters who probably aren't too interested in holding long term. The large net-worth individuals will sell a set amount in order to see how much they can get the market to react, and if the market reacts significantly enough, they can continue to do this until they have either exhausted their resources or until the market smartens up.
Essentially, they do the opposite of what most people (unfortunately) do. They sell a large amount at a high price in order to trigger a slight decrease in price and then typically buy a slightly less but still very large amount while the price is lower. This of course drives the price up a bit, and then they repeat the process, all the while increasing the amounts they are selling, making the market react more and more to their moves. Eventually they will usually take a good portion of the profits they made in selling and buy back in at a very low price. Typically, this sort of manipulation is illegal in most regulated markets, but obviously that's not the case in Bitcoin.
It's nothing to be to concerned about though. Happens all the time. This time is only so significant because there's so many new adopters who seem to scare easily and are probably first time investors who really don't know much about investing to begin with. The bottom line is that the progress being made on the technological side of things is booming and anyone who realizes what's going on is probably happily buying up as many cheap Bitcoins as they can. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 11:01:36
That's a very difficult quesiton to answer and one that is constantly changing. Cost of electricity is obviously the biggest factor, as well as current level of difficulty and the hashing power of the hardware used to mine, the energy efficiency of the mining hardware, and plenty of other factors as well. I've read estimates by various organizations which state somewhere between $3k and $6k to mine one bitcoin, but even as the energy efficiency of miners increases, the global block difficulty will also increase as more hashing power comes on to the network and thus, I think it's safe to say that the cost of mining will slowly increase over time, at least in the short term.
@_date: 2018-02-05 12:23:14
Segregated Witness typically benefits the network as a whole in terms of being able to take the malleable parts of a transaction and include them in a sidechain which runs along side of the main chain rather than include the malleable parts in the main chain itself and thus, reduces the strain imposed on the main chain. Some of the commonly referenced benefits of SegWit on the network are: the number of transactions a block can include is now increased, transaction fees have decreased, transactions can be confirmed faster, and quadratic scaling of hashed data has been removed (meaning that doubling the size of a transaction will no longer result in the doubling of the number of signature operations and the amount of data required to verify each of those signatures). There are many other benefits as well, including various scaling implications, and protection of decentralization, but I won't list all of them here.
As for the benefits to wallets, wallet authors no longer have to worry about implementing extra code to deal with changed transaction IDs as the third-party malleability issues have been fixed by the SegWit soft-fork. As for helping hardware wallets specifically, I'm not sure it does. But then again, I'm not a developer so I could be mistaken.
@_date: 2018-03-21 22:42:36
I think implementing tagged posts in the way you suggest would be a fair compromise. Of course, it would only be successful if the rules on tagging posts were actually enforced. We currently have a "Submit link NOT about price" and a "Submit text NOT about price" caption which every user sees when they post something on this subreddit and yet, every day we seem to have a post about the price which makes it to the front page.
Edit: And I say this not to make an attack on the moderators of this subreddit. I don't see what goes on behind the scenes but I'm sure their jobs aren't easy.
@_date: 2018-02-05 10:25:38
Why does it seem like the vast majority of new adopters aren't concerned with the need for prolonging and protecting a decentralized ecosystem?
Does mainstream adoption mean that the more philosophically valuable, ideological technologies such as Bitcoin, are doomed to decrease in user adoption over time, while other, more conventional and centralized technologies are more likely to succeed due to widespread ignorance or what the average user perceives as desirable in the short term? Even within this very community, many people are referring to Bitcoin as "outdated technology", when in reality, Bitcoin is the most decentralized system ever created and currently available.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:41:46
You're forgetting the possibility that high net-worth individuals are selling not because they are necessarily bearish, but rather, because they just might be simply (intentionally) testing how far they can push the market downwards. Bitcoin markets don't share the same rules as traditional markets where those types of actions are typically punishable by law. The recent addition of many new investors, individuals who are most likely young, inexperienced, and prone to making decisions based on emotional influences, presents the perfect opportunity for the large net-worth individuals to take advantage of the market. These current conditions are ideal when trying to manipulate a market.
@_date: 2018-02-05 12:33:28
I could try to explain it myself, but people before me have already done so and probably in a much more concise and elegant way than I ever could. NIST (the National Institute of Standards and Technology) has recently published a draft summarizing blockchain technology in what's probably the most comprehensive and clear writing I have yet to come across.
It's less than 40 pages of actual reading and only has one mistake concerning the definition of Bitcoin Cash on page 43, which Dylan Yaga, one of the authors has stated that they have made a revision to the definition and will include it in the finalized version of the paper. Regardless, it's an excellent read that I would recommend to anyone of any background.
^Edit: ^fixed ^link
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:28:49
Some people are selling for a realized loss because they believe that the price will go lower and provide an opportunity to own more Bitcoin as a result, if they're plan is to eventually buy and hold. For example, if you have some sell orders which made you a decent realized gain, you might sell at a loss now if you are long on the price. Selling now at a loss would reduce your realized gains for the year (thus reducing the amount you might have to pay in taxes) and if you were to buy in at a much lower price as a result and not sell until sometime after the end of this year, you would pay a much lower amount in taxes during filing time (because you sold at a loss earlier) and yet you'd actually own more Bitcoin than you had in the beginning. It's a smart move if you're confident the price will drop further, but also risky if it rises. Serious investors are doing technical analysis in order to make a better educated guess at where the price is going, and right now, it looks like it's going to drop further, so many investors are using this strategy, which pushes the price down ever more.
^Edit: ^a ^word
@_date: 2018-02-05 10:35:23
The answer to this question is different for different people so no, there is no universally correct answer. If you believe in the technology, and you think that the price will rise over time, then sure, continue what you're doing. If you're investing funds which you may need at some point in the near future and are concerned about the price dropping to a lower value or whether you'll have made any realized gains if selling after a small rise in price and paying capital gains taxes, then you should consider postponing an investment. If you believe that the price will rise over time, but think that it will go down further, in the short term, then you'd be wise to withhold investing until the price drops to a point you are comfortable with and then decide how you will plan your future investments from then on.
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:31:39
Federal regulation would mean that businesses and individuals who use those businesses would be effected. This wouldn't have any implications on Bitcoin on the protocol level. In other words, it would mean that operating through a centralized exchange would mean that certain privacy requirements, censorship, and price manipulation standards would have to be met. It would probably be good for the community at large, since it would discourage the price manipulation effects we are currently witnessing, and it would probably protect most investors. Of course, regulation means that certain niche groups would most likely be negatively effected, both legitimate ones and illegitimate ones, but again, Bitcoin on the protocol level would remain the same and once you're in the ecosystem (e.g. by way of an in-person purchase) it wouldn't stop an actor from behaving in a way that the regulations would aim to subdue. In actuality, it would only have immediate effect on users operating on a US based exchange. It may have implications outside of centralized exchanges, but I don't currently see any realistic effect that might prove to be without opportunity for mitigation.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:37:05
When I use the term "informed investor", I'm referring simply to investors who are aware of common manipulation strategies and are familiar with investor psychology and thus, react based on statistical information, making educated guesses (which really is the best anyone can do) as opposed to making decisions based on emotional influences.
As for when the price will stabilize, that's really anyone's guess. Some people who do technical analysis (and are much smarted than me) have estimated that the next level of support, now that the price has dropped below $7k, will be somewhere around the $4.5k area. But again, even the best technical analysis is nothing more than an educated guess, and can often be completely off the mark.
^Edit: ^a ^word
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:27:44
You're right. It only gives a very basic overview of the PoW model. My mistake. I still recommend that everyone should give the draft a full read through though.
To answer your question, basically, the protocol includes an algorithm which calculates a new difficulty level every 2016 blocks, or roughly every two weeks, due to the fact that the algorithm is adjusted based on the time it took to find the previous 2016 blocks, in an attempt to limit a new block being successfully added to the blockchain about once every 10 minutes.
Because the difficulty is adjusted based on the time it took to find the previous 2016 blocks, the algorithm is able to account for increases or decreases in the total hashing power of the network. Typically, the total hashing power of the network tends to increase over time, and as a result, new blocks are typically added to the blockchain at a slightly faster rate than one new block per 10 minute period, close the end of the two week span.
If however, a large amount of hashing power were to drop off the network soon before the end of the two week span and the difficulty could be readjusted, the time it would take for new blocks would be successfully added to the blockchain would be slightly longer than 10 minutes. Once the next 2016 blocks have been added to the chain, the difficulty will lower so as the incorporation of new blocks will again take about 10 minutes.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:01:18
Of course *they* do. That's why they're selling. And I'm not talking about the Average Joe.
@_date: 2018-02-05 11:20:13
Centralized exchanges by definition require trust in order to function properly. I believe Coinbase is FDIC insured up to $250k but many other exchanges obviously are not. Any time your crypto-assets are stored on a centralized exchange, the exchange operators are the ones in possession of the private keys, not you. Thus, if something goes wrong, you have to trust that they will eventually somehow reimburse you. Decentralized exchanges can solve some of these issues. I believe the Bisq P2P exchange has been successful for the past few years, although it doesn't seem to get much traffic as many people are unaware of it's existence. Atomic swaps (decentralized trades directly between owners of different crypto-assets) is also another solution to some of the issues of centralized exchanges and implementation into the Bitcoin protocol is currently being worked on.
@_date: 2018-03-21 23:15:47


A valid point.
What if the subreddit adopted a rule where posts required a tag to allow for filtering? Then the filtering of content wouldn't be outsourced to moderators as you say, but instead, the filtering would be the responsibility of the user - both the user who contributes content to the subreddit, as well as the user who navigates the subreddit according to which type of content they are interested in viewing.
@_date: 2018-02-05 11:09:53
No. The price value of something is not restricted simply to the cost required to produce it.
An apartment complex which sits on a lot with a land value of $20k and cost $200k to build is not automatically valued at $220k. Location, features, amenities, potential for appreciation, local crime rate, population growth rate, and many many other aspects are taken into consideration when estimating the value of the property. This process hold true for other assets.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:18:24
It makes for bad publicity short term, but long term, it doesn't have much of an effect outside from a percentage of the community becoming averse to making investments over time. Price drops of this magnitude have happened before, and probably will happen again. People who don't realize what's going on will get burned and psychologically, will have a hard time justifying a reinvestment in the future, even despite having learned the facts of the circumstances later on. But that won't stop adoption for new comers, and this makes it likely that the whole process is doomed to repeat, at least until the majority of the community becomes more resistant to manipulation and adoption from new comers (specifically, uninformed ones) fizzles out. That'll be the day when the price in comparison to USD will start to truly stabilize.
@_date: 2018-02-06 06:45:17
A price drop of this magnitude removes many of the speculators who claim to be interested in the technology while in reality, know hardly anything about it, and also provides an opportunity to buy at a great discount. I honestly think it'll reach the 78% fib levels (mid $4k based on TA done after the drop to around $11k) and I'm totally okay with that.
@_date: 2018-02-05 11:45:37
First, you have to realize that there's no reason why, theoretically, any number of crypto-assets can't coexist simultaneously. That being said, as far as investing is concerned, you have to ask yourself what attribute you believe to be the most significant in terms of establishing real-world value *and*, perhaps even more importantly, you have to take into consideration what *other people* may believe to be the most significant attribute in terms of establishing real-world value. This question can again have different answers for different people, and, there may be multiple assets with different attributes which translate into profitable investment opportunities. You can pick multiple attributes and multiple investment routes, but if you're trying to determine which attribute is the most valuable (on a personal level as well as in the eyes of other investors), that is again a very personal question and perhaps requires a significant understanding of investor psychology. For me, the attribute I find to have the most value, both intrinsically, and real-world, is decentralization. Currently, in my opinion, the Bitcoin protocol serves as the most decentralized system currently available and is therefore the asset with the greatest potential for profitable investment opportunity in my view, as I believe that over time, the majority of other investors will come to realize the significance of this attribute and just how rare a fully functional decentralized ecosystem really is. Price is of course an important factor in investment strategy and investment psychology, but if you're like me, and believe in the technology, and believe in exponential future adoption, then price becomes a much less significant factor in the buy and hold investment strategy.
As for comparing USD to 1BTC, it's been proposed by many people that comparing USD to 1mBTC is more practical as the price has continued to rise over time, and seems sensible when using Bitcoin to make purchases equivalent to small amounts of USD, as it so often is used for.
Edit: And no, you're not stupid. Only people who don't understand but refuse to ask questions are stupid.
@_date: 2018-02-05 12:37:32
Actually, during the incredibly high interest rates of the 1980's when many believed the real estate market to be in the gutter, many builders were taking jobs which payed very near to the cost of the materials required for the projects they undertook, just so that they could get the work. But that's sort of besides the point I was trying to make.
@_date: 2018-02-02 02:50:15
I agree and its important to recognize the incredible amount of work being done right now and the benefits it'll bring in time. I think almost all of the recent news articles which focus on negative speculation can be safely ignored, however, concerning the recent drop in price itself, I'm actually hoping it'll drop even more. I think too many recent adopters are too concerned with the immediate price and I think a big correction is just what this community needs in order to remove most of the newer players who pretend like they're interested and informed about the technology. In essence, I don't see that big of a difference between these newer speculators and the morally troubled big wigs that the show focuses on.
@_date: 2018-04-14 09:50:57


Ya, and I think you're one of them. This entire post is about prices. This is a shitpost.
@_date: 2018-12-18 18:52:32


Pieter noted that this suggests a possible improvement in security, but personally, I'm more excited about the improved feasibility of low-bandwidth communication mediums, such as satellite communication, as Greg mentioned.