@_author: sendmorewhisky
@_date: 2014-05-05 15:26:30
I appreciate your intentions but I can't agree with your thought process.  I'm just passing through reading this post, I'm not "on the bandwagon" but objectively speaking, what I see here is an attempt by a group of people with common interests in MMA and technology (specifically crypto currency) looking for a way to combine the two.  There needn't be "universal appeal".  This is for them and people with similar interests, not everyone.  
MMA is one of, if not the fastest growing sports in the world.  I don't think the "gladiator blood sport" comparison is one made by nearly as many as used to be and certainly it's not made by anyone who knows anything of the sport.  Anyone that feels that comparison is apt is clearly not the target market of the UFC or this effort for that matter. 
Nobody is promoting anything here, they are trying to do something cool for the sense of accomplishment and community.  There doesn't need to be any PR effort.  Maybe the chosen fighter has a team, maybe the UFC's PR machine will get behind it, maybe Rogan just mentions it on the broadcast, or maybe nobody picks up the story.  It really doesn't help anyone or hurt anyone if ther is or isn't press coverage, that's not what this appears to be about.  Success will be measured in reaching the goal to fund the sponsorship, not in how many impressions the story gets.
I commend your sense of altruism and if you make the effort to coordinate a campaign to sponsor a Special Olympics team or something you deem more worthy, I'm sure many of the good people here would support that too.  The efforts don't need to be mutually exclusive.  
I'm sure your words of warning are appreciated, but I don't think there's any cause for concern here.  This seems like a cool thing for this sub to get into, especially since it's been a pretty rocky year as far as the quality of content and the sense of community are concerned.  It's gotten a lot more positive around here lately and having a common goal will only strengthen that, so I say this is something that should be supported and commended.  
I will add I think it would be cool to did a fighter that would donate the sponsorship money raised to a charity, unless it's an up and coming fighter, the established fighters that people are naming probably don't really need the extra bump in sponsorship dollars.  