@_author: send-me-your-love
@_date: 2017-12-13 08:48:36
I mainly agree with you on the latter statement - taxing of non-renewable energy sources to implement green alternatives. Keep in mind that this might cause problems with peak energy production as is the case for both wind and solar energy - causing wild price swings, as long as there's no way to store this energy. Bit off-topic for now, but still interesting. I think the way you look at market effects is somewhat idealistic: the point at which energy use is diminished by industry is far beyond the point where consumers start to notice effects, especially for a high-profit industry like Bitcoin. There might be a sociatal impact before industry moves.
However, this is a discussion independent of Bitcoin. Yes, non-renewable energy should be replaced, period. What I'm trying to adress, is that the net energy consumption goes up, even if you use renewable energy - since that's renewable energy you can't use for other users or industries. So, just saying "we can use renewable energy" doesn't solve your problems. 
Also, the output of CO2 equivalents still increases even with full use of renewable resources, since they are not CO2-neutral either. Just a side note.
@_date: 2017-12-13 08:38:26
That is a fair point you make. That comparison would absolutely be interesting - and considering the possibility for this energy demand to be fully green (because electricity can) could actually bring out a positive side of bitcoin. It's complicated, yes, but much of the data should be available, or estimated. At least for a best case/worst case.
There's two things I find important in this discussion - data and intent. First, that comparison has to be done to be able to make statements about bitcoin being better or worse. Until then, I think it would benefit Bitcoin and its stakeholders to be upfront about the possible environmental downsides. Playing it down might not benefit the cause for the long run. 
Just, you know, be honest about what you're selling, without pointing to your competitor.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:17:21
What a load of bull. First response from an investment efficiency point of view might be interesting in an ideal world, but does not relate to the concern that the computing necessary for crypto leads to a large net increase in energy demand, and is therefore not environmentally sustainable. 
Then, when he does get to the point, he immediately points his finger to the current monetary system which also uses energy. This is also true, but again dodges the real question: how do you solve the huge energy drain that comes with bitcoin?
Not a very strong response, imo. Better to clearly say you accept bitcoins energy demand as inevitable.