@_author: senile_robot
@_date: 2017-12-06 14:16:17
This isnt some crazy conspiracy dude......   There are people in norh america, and all over the world, making money off of mining.
You say it will make you less money than buying and holding,  in some circumstances thats true.  Especially if you have such a huge run up like we did this year.
But  on average, mining will make 20% more money than buying and holding.   
Scenario A:
You spend 0.2 BTC to buy an s9 a few months ago.  If you had held, its true that right now you would have more USD.  But if you buy and hold, no matter what, you will only ever have 0.2 BTC.  If the price goes up, then you've earned, but if it goes down, you loose.  Either way, you always have the same amount of BTC.
Scenario B:
You sepdn 0.2 btc buying an antminer s9 6 months ago.
Depending on the difficuly, it takes one s9 somewhere between 6-12 months to earn back is ROI in terms of bitcoin.  So if you wait a year, you suddenly have more than 0.2 btc.  If you mine for a year and a half to two years, you would have closer to 0.8 btc.
If you bought an antminer s9 right now, in its lifetime it would probably earn somewehre around 0.4 BTC..  That is still doubling your investment. 
People say, "well if the price of bitcoin goes up 10x in the time that you are mining, you would have made more USD by holding."  That may be true if you are selling in the short term, but buying and holding only ever beats out mining, if you are a very poor miner and did not do your math correctly.
Anyone mining professionally has made sure that on paper at least, they will wind up with more BTC than they invested.  Thats just how it works.
Mining works well if the price is not shooting sraight up.  Mining works better than buying and holding if the price is going down.  Mining works better than buying and holding if the price stays level.
The only thing is that it is not huge gains, and it is a lot of work and risk. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 11:44:47
No.   The government does not benefit from bitcoin rising.   First of all they sold those assets.  But secondly, they do not want the adoption of any currency that is not regulated by them.   They already hate that people can dodge taxes and buy drugs with bitcoin, and have been working very hard for years to shut it down.  
@_date: 2017-12-05 21:06:48
I’ve only heard negative things about the lightning network.  Obviously mostly from r/btc but I’m interested to hear why you think it’s a good thing.  
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:27:11
If you bought an antminer s9 and started running it any time in 2017, then you've probably already hit your ROI in terms of USD.  If we ignore fiat, and just want to see if mining will earn you more bitcoin than holding your initial investment, then yes, you still will be looking at about 25% more bitcoin than your initial investment for 1 s9 by the end of the year. 
But mining is also a higher risk than holding.   A lot more can go wrong to lower your profits. 
@_date: 2017-12-05 21:23:15
Totally disagree.      Mining isn’t going to get you insanely rich by any means, but there is a reason why so many people do it.    Simply that it can be profitable.  And you don’t need all the stars to align perfectly to make money doing it. 
People told me not to get into mining last year.  People tell me not to do it this year.   But a friend of mine jumped in the s9 bandwagon, still pays 8cents electricity and lives in the US.   He has made more money than I have just sitting back and speculating all day. 
Anything with ROI in less than one year is incredible, by any sort of investment or business standards.   