@_author: senjutsuka
@_date: 2014-06-03 19:26:21
Actually I own 5 and run 2.  The market does not pay them a million due to productivity which is what you said and what Im contesting as false.  Stick with your argument instead of side tracking.  I can tell you never learned basic economics.
@_date: 2014-10-12 11:34:34
It means, as always bitcoin is not anonymous no matter what you do.  The recent revelations about how deep their spying goes mean tor is not safe, mixing servers are not safe and that it is likely impossible to be anonymouse with btc.  That said the NSA doesn't give a shit about your tax evasion as long as your not spending that money on a narc empire, weapons dealing or some other international criminal activity. They certainly wouldn't reveal their capabilities to a court to get a few mill in unpaid taxes.  
@_date: 2014-10-13 01:38:25
Oh, you just nailed it.  Gold cannot, but gold etfs.  Well bitcoin cannot, bitcoin etfs can.  I dont think there is a bitcoin etf available to purchase yet is there?  This is essentially what he said his accountant had told him (which at the time the winkelvi etf was big new so I told him soon...).
@_date: 2014-01-06 23:31:14
Ah, well Ive seen no warning.  So "beware, this scam is still going around!"
@_date: 2014-10-02 18:01:11
Reasons to actually use it.  There is little incentive above and beyond regular banking/electronic money for the common person to use it except for certain specific situations.
So yeah.  Why would adoption grow w/o a reason to actually adopt?  This tech is more useful FOR banks, merchants and the like than it is for consumers.
@_date: 2014-03-29 23:34:52
May the power costs really eat you up huh?  We have ours (30gh) running in a fixed rate data center.  We pay the same power price no matter what.  It just keeps pumping out coins.  About 2 in total, .05 every 2 weeks right now.
@_date: 2014-03-01 19:25:04
Just a quick note to go with this.  Its not the US that has the problem.  Its the individual states.  The fees associated with opening a bank are derived from State laws not federal.  So if you have a problem... yell at your local reps.  Some states are easier then others.
Source: I know several people that have opened small local banks in one state.
@_date: 2014-06-03 15:37:44
Then you havent actually looked into the numbers.  Its extremely possible and in most models actually more efficient.
@_date: 2014-05-11 21:19:07
Did they ever release the full source code?  Did anyone ever clean it up?  I was paying attention to nxt when they released that preview with the fake bugs in it.  The whole thing looked like crap - I believe it was all one giant java file.  Thats when I walked away from NXT but if they're still doing stuff maybe its worth taking a 2nd look at.  So, is there source out there somewhere yet?
@_date: 2014-01-10 17:32:43
I have to say the above data points are BS at best.  You can easily get other accounts in NXT, so all the initial stake holders likely did was create new accounts, then transfer them out to a different account they hold thus making it appear they were not holding as many.   There is absolutely no way they have distributed nearly 900B NXT to the community at large right now.   I've been watching this coin since just after its initial seeding.
Additionally - since the code release I've lost all confidence in it as a secure crypto coin.   The code quality is amateur in every way.  It is a horrible piece of programming.  I own several software startups.  I dont trust it.  Its a shame too I was REALLY excited about it based on the philosophy and concepts.  The execution turned me away.
@_date: 2014-06-03 20:29:36
Yeah much better.  I have other arguments but this corrects the initial concern I had with the statement.  
People are often intentionally under paid for example. This is b/c employers (myself included) know that the market is hard out there and replacements are fairly cheap so minimizing the cost seems worth it.  I personally havent found the sweet spot between minimizing expense and gaining maximum value... its a much more difficult market structure to figure out then product pricing imo.
@_date: 2014-06-03 16:11:01
And I've never seen a UBI proposal that assumes that...so yeah your statement isnt adding to the conversation we're having about UBI.
They call what you did there a straw-man argument. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 01:35:55
Im going to tell you something you'll reject immediately but I have some level of authority on because its 2 of my 5 businesses.  There is nearly no incentive for the past ~20 years to increase wages to maintain workers.  All jobs are entry level because the demands of work have changed and continues to change very fast.  Automation is removing anyone but edge cutters or those that actually care about learning a new way, then automaters like me, come in and get rid of their jobs with software.  This happens everywhere.  It is increasing in speed.  Very soon automaters will be replaced too b/c we're automating business analysis and optimization.  I'll stop there but this is very real, very close, and happening everywhere.
If you'd like to know more here are some key words:  Deep learning, Gamification, neuroelestic chips, memristors, SYNAPS (IBM).  
Thinking jobs are history in the next 20 years - drs, lawyers, low level programmers, investors, board members, maybe even entertainment.
So yeah, point being the idea that value/worth defines pay is utterly bs. I know because we replace valuable people with software every day b/c they cost too much.  We create systems that allow interns to functionally run the company as far as humans are concerned and the rest determined by share holders and owners.  Soon they will be replaced by Decentralized automated corporations.  
Any who, this has been an interesting conversation.  Good luck in the world.
@_date: 2014-05-20 20:28:16
So they list .59% every day.  Is that number still accurate now?  We also see people mocking the 1k price but that turned out to happen much sooner then this chart predicted.   Where are we now?  Or is this all crap?
@_date: 2014-01-02 13:12:57
This is absolutely inaccurate and utterly unlikely.  Most proof of stake systems could not work with in bitcoin itself.  Additionally some rely on bitcoin's existence externally in order to start and validate valuation.  So, no this is highly unlikely.   Honestly, the discussion over namecoin made it clear that derivative coins/schemes for other purposes were almost definitely going to happen.   If I were you I wouldnt pin all my hopes on every possible distributed system using bitcoin, its just not going to happen, the system isnt robust enough and some of the great parts of bitcoin are economically infeasible in another system.
@_date: 2014-04-03 13:27:01
Yeah, this is the period where I get super excited about bitcoin.  It means its going to blow up soon and go bananas.  
"When people get greedy, I get scared.  When people get scared, I get greedy."  Buffet
EDIT:  I've been in since $10 btc... so I've seen a lot of this.   Nothing was as bad as the crash after $30.  It was literally almost worthless at that point (down to $2 - with no real reason to think it'd come back since it was just a goofy tech experiment at that point).
@_date: 2014-06-10 22:36:43
Oh right... I forget everyone on here thinks bitcoin will replace all monetary systems and transactions...
@_date: 2014-01-02 13:09:12
There are several that are not tweaked bitcoins.  In fact there are some that are complete ground up re-writes.  I dont put much stock in them yet but there is a vibrant ecosystem derived from the concepts bitcoin introduced to the world.
@_date: 2014-05-11 21:39:52
Hmm obviously its in a much better state.  I'll be taking a closer look next week.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:37:24
Honestly this thread makes me want to get OUT of bitcoin.  The level basic understanding in this thread is terrifyingly low.   I mean really really not even sounding cogent, much less logical.
@_date: 2014-03-15 13:17:12
Actually in 1998 it was literally impossible to value internet companies accurately with any level of certainty.  They were a whole new model w/o any precedent so you could not accurately gauge its value - and he was right as shown in 2000 when a ton of them exploded in their investors face.  The ones that lived, were lucky and had proven new models (mostly digital replication of previous models like product distribution or advertising), but there was no way to tell with any certainty in the earlier days.
Some win when they take risks, but thats gambling, which is not the same as picking based on solid fundamentals.  
@_date: 2014-06-10 19:10:29
It already exists.  Study social media.
@_date: 2014-03-01 19:26:34
Its 50 Million because its apx 1 million per state.  This is a state level problem, not a federal one.  So the US is not making it hard, each state individually is...
Oh and some are easier then others.
@_date: 2014-01-08 17:50:38
For the same reason anyone buys a product that will be less then half as useful in the next year or rather a twice as useful one is available (any and all electronic gadgets are the supply side of this exact same argument due to moores law).  Because they need/want it at this time.
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:04:43
Already being fixed...   It takes time for devs to change things but this one is expected to go away this summer.
@_date: 2014-07-14 13:44:06
I hope you all understand the FED has been supportive of bitcoin...  
@_date: 2014-01-02 15:49:58
All of this could be correct.  And its a good thing we have 48+ alternative crypto currencies available that dont have a kill switch built by the NSA, assuming we can trust the cryptography.  But even if we cant, its a good thing many of them are re-writing ground up or using different methods.
So while its possible the NSA did this, they released something onto the world which they will not control for very long.  This does not seem like a very well calculated move if what you say is correct.  In fact, anyone at that stage would easily realize that it'd be a very stupid move as bitcoin itself is not actually hard to replicate now that the idea is out there.
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:18:10
All of this could be correct.  And its a good thing we have 48+ alternative crypto currencies available that dont have a kill switch built by the NSA, assuming we can trust the cryptography.  But even if we cant, its a good thing many of them are re-writing ground up or using different methods.
So while its possible the NSA did this, they released something onto the world which they will not control for very long.  This does not seem like a very well calculated move if what you say is correct.  In fact, anyone at that stage would easily realize that it'd be a very stupid move as bitcoin itself is not actually hard to replicate now that the idea is out there.
@_date: 2014-06-11 13:36:23
But it actually doesnt.  Its already been proven that fairly simple analysis of the block chain can show much more financial information about an individual than what used to be publicly available.  We can decentralize all those things but unless we specifically try to encrypt all data its not going to help keep us private.  
Now imagine this - say we do encrypt all data in stream and we do decentralize services - dont you think that there will be a massive motivation to gather that data in anyways?  For advertising, for security, for many things.   So the next step is a model that asks for permission to get your data (as we have now) and in return you'll get great services and discounts and free deals (as we do now) and the facebook generation will gladly sign up b/c they've been public their whole life and dont see what the fuss is about.  So there you go recentralized data for services, for convenience for profit.   So the wire may be secure, but as with all security the crux of the situation is individuals.  At the end of the day staying private wont be worth it in most people's minds and thats why this idea of an anonymous world is unrealistic and utterly counter-intuitive to future generations.  It also means transparency is powerful b/c it makes the globe more like a small town where everyone is socially responsible to everyone else.  If you act a fool everyone knows, if you need help everyone knows, if you're a real scum bag everyone knows, and you are treated accordingly based on your behaviors and actions in the world... as you should be.
Many here hate government but imagine a government that was completely and utterly accountable b/c all their actions were in the open. All the individuals that tried to curry favor are in the open. All the politicians that accept bribes or semi-bribes are in the open...   Its a much better world then one where everyone hides except those w/ enough money and power to gather that info in through large scale social motivators...
@_date: 2014-03-01 22:01:51
Please provide evidence b/c that view is silly at best.  As I said in my other post, I know people that started banks, funds, and various other financial institutions.  You can absolutely do it in just one state.   Thats like saying you need a liquor and/or production license in every state in order to do anything with alcohol because the ATF is federal level enforcement.  Thats just totally wrong.
In this case its relatively straight forward to achieve with the appropriate legal framework since you already have to comply with exchange and banking regulations that require you to confirm your customers' identities.  The problem is that bitcoin is such a tiny blip that you really need all 50 states just to have a chance at doing anything profitable.
This whole thing is stupid made up bs from people that actually have no clue how things work.
@_date: 2014-07-18 11:19:09
Been saying this for years and literally a few days ago when I wrote "the fed isn't afraid of bitcoin.  They support it." It's the easiest tracking tool in finance ever.  But interestingly, it's transparency is two way.  Comcasts lobby efforts to buy a congressman becomes as transparent as your weed purchase or hsbc cocaine money laundering in the bit coin filled future.  Sure there will be off the block chain transactions but everything becomes more traceable, less nationalistic, and more liquid.  Automated transaction for everything is a gold mine of usage data.  
Edit: this is also the best and easiest way to implement a global tax. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 19:45:12
Haha nice!
@_date: 2014-09-08 13:33:58
This is hilarious and perfectly representative of how people have misunderstood the value of bitcoin from day one.
It will not replace central banks in some revolution of money.  Anyone who thought bitcoin was going to immediately topple banks and replace credit cards was delusional.  
If ANYTHING, these organizations will LEAD the mass adoption b/c the technology is valuable to their businesses (b/c it crowdsources security and transaction infrastructure).  It is not and never has been a THREAT to their businesses.  I know the Satoshi paper built it up as that, but I honestly think that was a clever ruse.  This technology aligns very well with the goals of global banking.  And its also pretty awesome and a reasonable thing to adopt.
Bitcoin was never made for joe six pack.  How could it be??  I mean seriously - who can believe that and still be rational?  It was made to replace massive and very costly security and transaction infrastructure.  Do you think joe six pack gives a crap about how international banks clear transactions?  Of course not.  So why would he care about bitcoin?
You know who does care?  The international organizations that really really want to unify currencies but also know there is a large social stigma to doing so.  
With any technology ask, who benefits?  
The best part about bitcoin is that it gives the opportunity for anyone to benefit.  But the value is not something that the individual will realize without some effort.
Like TCP/IP it will take entrepreneurs and the 1% to make it a global phenomenon.  Its not made for the 99% do something with except perhaps getting a piece of the action by buying some.  Its far too low level for 99% to grasp much less leverage.
And the fun question is - why is this not obvious in the majority of the btc community?  And it all goes back to the Satoshi paper which spins a lovely line about freedom and taking down control.  Funny that the person could remain anonymous when theoretically going after the most powerful institutions on the planet.  Really?
 
@_date: 2014-01-02 15:49:38
All of this could be correct.  And its a good thing we have 48+ alternative crypto currencies available that dont have a kill switch built by the NSA, assuming we can trust the cryptography.  But even if we cant, its a good thing many of them are re-writing ground up or using different methods.
So while its possible the NSA did this, they released something onto the world which they will not control for very long.  This does not seem like a very well calculated move if what you say is correct.  In fact, anyone at that stage would easily realize that it'd be a very stupid move as bitcoin itself is not actually hard to replicate now that the idea is out there.
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:52:38
Its too late for that.  Its been too late for that since the credit card came into existence.   Sure there are various ways to avoid it but at the end of the day you have a very accessible public financial profile.
The key to peace in the future instead of odd distopias is if its mutally available to everyone.  Then your honest or dishonest is on display to the world, your fuckups and the places you've been fucked over by others are equally transparent.  Those that are scummy will be treated as such and cant hide including large companies and governments, while those that are honest and hard working will be equally seen as such.
@_date: 2014-10-12 11:43:37
We was not plan to create jobs. So asking if it was worth it is a straw man. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 12:03:28
I can give you the theory but its in no way realistically tested other then through the shared delusion of traders using it.   Many things the human psychology finds attractive fall into the golden ratio - the fibonacci sequence.   The theory is that we find art and nature that fit that ratio beautiful, there is also some evidence that we ourselves are just a little more optimistic then we are pessimistic (at about that ratio).  That thought - that human psychology can be defined by the number is what drives this.  If you believe that its an accurate gauge then using it is slightly better then using a made up number.   It also looks very nice on logarithmic charts.
@_date: 2014-01-07 16:45:30
Very nice!
Our idea is decentralized secure medical data.  We're still working out the theory paper.
@_date: 2014-10-12 11:45:41
but the majority of those that stop trying to find a job are still retiring baby boomers.  Otherwise where and who are these people that can just give up looking?  Where is their tent city? 
@_date: 2014-03-21 18:04:19
Huh.  Nice I've been thinking about a Chiropractor but never got around to it.  Im not far from media at all.  I may have to do this.
@_date: 2014-10-12 11:40:08
There's some causation here that's bs.  The baby boomers are retiring which is a large part of the 10 million ful time workers that stopped seeking work.  This is 1) a good thing as it makes room for those 45% of youth that can't get jobs and 2) an obvious thing because we'd have riots if 10 million middle aged people were suddenly homeless (the only possible result if they just gave up looking for work). 
I'm not arguing against the rest but people keep misusing that stat to paint a very different reality from what were seeing. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 19:22:40
Wage is not relative to productivity.  Basically everyone that makes around $1m or more  year is not x times more productive then then people who make 20k, 50k, 100k.  Its just not even close to wage = productivity...  that statement is simply wrong on all levels and perspectives of economics.   Price floor does have economic impact but its not wage vs productivity related. And your not even close to being able to say wage is relative to productivity based on that.
@_date: 2014-03-01 22:08:53
Its incorrect.  Its patently false information.  It is not how the laws work.  You do not need to be registered in all 50 states.  That is a lie.
Thats whats wrong with it.
@_date: 2014-03-01 22:06:36
Yep and you are absolutely wrong about how it works.  I know people that have started local level state financial institutions in just one state.  Please go learn something real before spreading massive bullshit.
@_date: 2014-07-05 15:36:53
Actually due to barrier of entry (no reliable power/internet) you should look at their user growth above 10% of actively online individuals on the planet.  You'll see they did in fact have a user spike in adoption.  Im not certain if it was at 10% of possible users or if it was at some other point.  But your model is inaccurate based on the OPs point. It has to be within a relevant population group (such as the dictator over throw based on population of the country).
@_date: 2014-06-03 19:55:41
Again you are detracting from your initial point.  You said wage is relative to productivity.  That is false - even if all of the above statement is true.
Productivity != worth.  Those are different things entirely.
Wages are not determined PURELY by the free market because there is a very limited competitive market with many barriers to entry.  With out maximized competition you have distortions in any and all markets preventing prices from setting in their natural state.  This applies equally to minimum wage as it does to class advantage... actually more so in the later.
You may want to look into class mobility studies.  You are almost guaranteed to have your class be determined by your parents class for the past 30 years.  Before that it was a bit more flexible but either way in today's world its not earned entirely.  Its pretty accurate to say its almost not earned at all but almost entirely gifted by the previous generation.  You're born with more or less opportunities and from there you work to earn a place in a predefined strata with very very few variances.  If you dont believe me go read those studies.  You basically have less then a 10% chance to move up more then 1 quintile from your parents.
I dont know what you've been reading or listening to but its clearly not based on real life or the studies there of...
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:26:34
Please point to any evidence anywhere that shows the fed loathes bitcoin.   
@_date: 2014-06-20 20:19:42
I dont think you paid attention in civics class...
You've basically said tyrannies, monarchies, and all of the very worst forms of government is what it should be...
@_date: 2014-05-11 21:20:24
Is that a big deal?  Last I saw Nxt's code was utterly incompetent.  Did they clean it up?
@_date: 2014-01-15 01:17:07
r/tech is Not repressing this news. At two different times today it was literally half of the top posts there.  They are probably just trimming all the reposts because it was obnoxious....
@_date: 2014-09-29 20:12:32
Not Amex.  They dont accept it much to my disappointment.
@_date: 2014-02-07 18:05:43
Yeah I've been so happy to see this crash.  I dont have the number I want but the price was moving out of my range for the time being.   
@_date: 2014-03-01 22:07:29
Its incorrect guesswork.  He is utterly wrong as to how the laws work.
IE clueless and is essentially fabricating an argument which is not only invalid but untrue.
@_date: 2014-06-04 01:27:16
That is utterly false in all modern times (we're talking 1870s+). Please point me to ANY study that shows productivity is linked to wage increase.  Any at all will suffice to encourage conversation. Otherwise I will write you off as obviously misinformed/ignorant to facts and reality.
@_date: 2014-06-04 02:55:39
Oh yes.  I'd personally rather write some software that helps get rid of politicians then become one.  Im just as corruptible as all the rest given the opportunity.
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:43:44
Yeah... no.  Dont care, never will.  Im not interested in privacy around my financial transactions unless someone is using them against me which no one has to date.  I use big banks and local credit unions, major credit cards and bitcoin, and Im not afraid of some boogie man doing some indescribably horrible thing w/ my info.  So far my openess has resulted in... &lt;gasp&gt; better services that fit my particular life and &lt;gasp&gt; relevant ads that suite my interests and often come with some discount or deal....
Such fear, much dastardly plotting with all my purchase data....
@_date: 2014-07-14 14:31:16
I get where you're coming from with this... but its not hard to find utterly insane quotes from notable people.   Hell I have a quote from a US Senator claiming the president is over run by demons...
So..  I guess Im saying 'so what?' to your random quotes that dont like the fed.   So far I havent seen the results predicted at its creation.  We're not all enslaved zombies or destitute.  In fact overall since its inception things are trending upwards for life quality.  So again, do you have something besides a few quotes?
@_date: 2014-05-20 21:40:06
Read my comment - does the .59% per day avg value still hold... or is that number changed dramatically?
@_date: 2014-03-15 13:08:20
I love this no matter how it turns out.  Both financial products represent exceedingly brilliant economic entities.  
@_date: 2014-06-20 12:09:53
As if 'the government' is all one big coordinated thing...  Or the US marshals have anything what so ever to do with financial regulation.
@_date: 2014-03-29 23:23:49
Bought from $10-$1100.  Still holding, though I dumped a bunch I got at about $17 for $60s, I'd be significantly richer if I had not done that and its why I hold more then sell.   
I absolutely do not regret my $1100 buys, short of major technological or legal catastrophe (which is not going to happen at least in the US), we'll see at least double that eventually.  
Being a vet since $10, the jump to 32 and the drop to 2 was far far more devastating and scary, but ultimately ended up rewarding me after a year or so (b/c I just closed bitcoin and didnt look again for 6 months).  
I just keep buying on the drops.
@_date: 2014-04-11 16:44:35
If you havent held bitcoin for more then a year, you should do so before deciding its future.  You are very likely over a year hold to at least double your money.  The first bubble like this took about a year and a half.  Its gotten shorter since.
@_date: 2014-05-12 00:46:53
Someone else linked the code.  Just from a very quick look its already way better.  I'll be looking at it in more detail this week.   Thanks for the info!
@_date: 2014-05-11 21:40:24
Yeah I got the old client.  Im not ready for any serious leap, but someone linked the code base which looks significantly better then it did.  I'll be reviewing next week.
@_date: 2014-05-02 16:58:18
Ahh proof-of-bandwidth is what I needed.   Thanks!
@_date: 2014-10-13 01:39:42
Sure, but as the OP mentioned you cant buy gold with tax deferred funds, but you can buy a gold ETF.  This is the same situation with btc.  You cannot buy btc and remain tax deferred until one of the etfs open.
@_date: 2014-01-19 00:55:26
Been in since 10.  Nothing phases me anymore. 
@_date: 2014-05-26 15:18:53
The hilarious part is libertarians think the 'free market' can some how work.  A truly, libertarian level free market means all these people that are smarter then you, will and should manipulate the market to their favor, and they will win as they should according to that free market extremism, and you should lose because you are not as smart.  To say otherwise, says you want regulation to protect a level playing field...  
Note: this isnt directed at you specifically just a general you.
@_date: 2014-06-03 15:42:05
Wrong on so many accounts.   Wages are not based on productivity at all.  Look up 'wages stagnate for 30 years while productivity up'.
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:49:43
Anonymity is going to be dead if it isnt already.  I know its an unpopular opinion but its HERE, and its NOW.  Technology will, and already has, outpaced our sense of privacy, the next half generation doesnt even care about it.  The big difference thing we should focus on, because its future/technology compatible, is the openness of all data.  If the info isnt controlled by one group or business or org and its mutually open for everyone then the power disbalance goes away and more importantly the value to society at large becomes a multiplier.
@_date: 2014-10-12 20:52:02
Have you actually done this?  A wealthy friend of mine was trying to do this and asked his accountant how he could.  There was no eligible way to put bitcoin in a retirement that he could find...
I dont know enough about it to have an opinion but Im just curious if you've consulted an accountant that made this all legal for you, or if you're just making some assumptions which may or may not hold up to an audit.
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:30:56
The problem with the police getting better is its not going to happen in a vacuum, it'll carry forward current archaic mentalities and will more likely then not lead to very very controlled world.  That is scary.
@_date: 2017-03-07 21:49:46
"If CIA implants, Command &amp; Control and Listening Post software were classified, then CIA officers could be prosecuted or dismissed for violating rules that prohibit placing classified information onto the Internet. Consequently the CIA has secretly made most of its cyber spying/war code unclassified. The U.S. government is not able to assert copyright either, due to restrictions in the U.S. Constitution. This means that cyber 'arms' manufactures and computer hackers can freely "pirate" these 'weapons' if they are obtained. The CIA has primarily had to rely on obfuscation to protect its malware secrets."
Does this mean we can get all the tools available by doing a basic FOI request??
@_date: 2012-10-26 11:52:47


Exactly my point.  When it reaches this stage, it WILL be predominant.  But just like piracy before it the 'legitimate' stake holders will go insane.  The smart ones will replicate the ease (a la apple), the old model ones will lobby for legal restrictions (a la MPAA).  


That is easy, if you havent spoken to your accountant about your bit coin transactions, you may want to, assuming you have any measure of real assets.  If you pull in a large undisclosed untaxed income and you get audited, they will screw your day up. Now if you're off the grid completely then sure, you can avoid taxes... but you can do that w/o bitcoin.  
How have people missed all the articles about both the legal basis of taxing bitcoin (just like any other asset holding) and the multiple research papers and notices about how it is NOT anonymous, at all.   Yes you can use TOR and VPN but most people have no idea how to do that so its not 'for the masses'.   And there HAVE been busts by analysis of the block chain.  If its possible and we're talking law enforcement then they will make sure its feasible if the bust is big enough.  Not to mention even if you have TOR and VPN you have to make a real life transfer to a wallet that is tied to a real life account somewhere.  Its not that hard to trace that back and issue a warrant for the information.
@_date: 2012-10-26 11:38:59
Oh ok.. go tell the people in africa thats not true.  Or maybe you should talk to those that lived through Katrina when they got shot at for trying to get to their house b/c they were a black person in a predominantly white neighborhood.  Or perhaps we should look at some history in all the regions that lost law and order after the fall of rome.
The examples of no law and peace reigning are far out weighed by no law and chaos and destruction reigning, both historically and contemporarily.  Get your head out of your ass, if we remove law, the anarchist will enjoy burning every building they can find.  And the gangster/racists will clan up and kill anyone in their way to get the resources they want.  This has happened in real life.
@_date: 2012-08-31 19:17:21
Well, to be fair, guns are rather useless in an of themselves.  Its the gunpowder that is the root of people's concern.  W/o it you just have a crap club w/ no reach.
@_date: 2012-10-25 13:51:33
Meh, you are bought into some pretty wild theories.  Cash is king due to liquidity.  Bitcoin cant have the entire market b/c it isnt as easy to use as cash.  It also isnt anonymous with out sophisticated technological understanding.  If you think it is, you may want to read about it a bit more before buying anything illegal with bitcoin.  Several people have already been busted by block chain analysis.
We also have studies that show bitcoin is not anonymous by any stretch of the imagination (without significant additional technological use).  In fact one of its main things is that its pretty much completely transparent.
Highly legal and highly used is not a contradiction to caring about privacy.  Its about convenience and no fees as I stated. There is a reason a large majority of people in the developed world are more reliant on debit cards now that almost all fees have been removed.  B/c now its MORE convenient then cash due to ubiquity and free use.  Again, studies show most people dont care about privacy.  If they did, facebook couldnt be so popular.  
Additionally, and here is where there is a big flaw in your thinking, the majority of people dont participate in the underground economy to a large degree or at all, and given alternatives to underground people flock to legitimate alternatives.  Again proving they dont care about anonymity, they care about convenience.  While doing something illegal, sure, there is a premium on anonymity, but thats only a very small chunk of the economy.  Thus if that were a factor in bitcoin, it would only be a very limited driving factor, but again there are barriers to entry in that regard b/c you need to know a lot more about hiding the transaction to take advantage of that potential.  So again, cash wins.      Look at marijuana as a perfect example of underground vs legitimate and purchase basis.   The only reason underground is so big is not b/c of privacy desires of those doing the transactions, its because there is a premium added to the value of a good that is illegal or carries inherent risk factors.  But the second a legal alternative is opened people are line up at dispensaries paying with their debit card.
Additionally if bitcoin actually helped you avoid taxes, it would be way bigger then it is now.  It doesnt really, and certainly not conveniently.
Sorry to rain on your parade but the future is highly transparent no matter how you slice it.  Our data gathering and analysis ability makes that a certainty.  And for the most part, no one cares.
@_date: 2012-10-25 19:07:18
You may have to be more specific.
@_date: 2012-08-18 12:52:36
There is a wiki article that proposes the Agents use different services to determine which are most trust worthy and which are the best service based on the survivability of the offspring.  So they'd find that Amazon is better the EvolveIP CloudStore or what have you.  In the end the best services would be the 'healthiest' (most spare money).
@_date: 2012-10-25 19:15:58
Not exactly.  But thats ok.  Keep on with the gold bug paranoia, no surer way to destroy bit coin and associate it with fringe lunatics.  It'll be sad if it dies that death b/c it cant get along w/ reality and the majority of the human race.
@_date: 2012-10-25 19:34:05
Actually its Inflation, GDP and excessive interest that is about to have a heart attack.  IE the 'growth model'.  All the plans currently circulating include fiat money b/c there isn't an inherent flaw in fiat systems themselves, just how we've setup expectations in this one.
Check out the Chicago Plan as one example of whats being talked about.  Still a fiat system but with built in limiters.
@_date: 2012-10-25 12:27:07
Not necessarily, and Im a huge fan of its potential.  The reason I say this is b/c people have a tendency to follow authority and a reasonable sense of trust in organizations over non-organizations (sheep mentality maybe?).   To be honest the massive benefits of bitcoin are out weighed by the risks and uncertainties in technology for most people.   Those that overcome these risks and learn about the technology find themselves using it for the sake of convenience leaving the primary demand structure based on something that can easily be replaced by a 'trusted' institution.   If the government allowed for digital cash to exist it would instantly destroy bitcoin even if it was centrally controlled.  For most people the threat of inflation/deflation and monetary policy are non-issues after all we all use cash even if we're bitcoin people. They're drawn to bitcoin b/c its digital cash and avoids silly excessive fees that are a relic of a time when electronic transactions actually cost something. If a state issued something that had many of the same 'convenience' perks people would flock to it b/c it would eliminate the risk and tech factors while still providing the perks.
Now, the real question is: will a government ever create a solid digital currency w/o the transaction fees?   The answer to that, at least in the west is a resounding NO.  There are too many vested and powerful interests at stake.  Thus bitcoin will continue to grow for the time being.  If a more innovative government comes out with a universal currency that can be digitally transfered w/o cost then the game is off.   I could see China doing something like that as it competes for world reserve currency power.  It would be a massive draw to their currency for trade.
This also ignores the technological limit on bitcoin.  Last I read there is a cornerstone encryption piece that essentially cant be swapped out with newer encryption tech.  So the second viable quantum computing comes out, or computers become fast enough to crack that encryption in real time then its game over as well.   Its been a while since I looked into it so I could be completely mistaken on this point.
Bottom line - its like the gold rush on bitcoin, the second the government starts offering notes with the same convenience they will be adopted b/c they are safer to and easier to 'carry' for most people.
@_date: 2012-10-25 19:39:38
I love how you cant answer the question.  There are no talking points for it in your world view bubble so lacking fundamental knowledge you simple ignore the question to maintain your limited perspective.  
@_date: 2012-08-31 19:25:38
In principle currently you are correct.   But the mass/vs local debate is changing.  Economies of scale arent as important for certain things and can be applied much better on a need by need basis.  Thats one of the reason JIT manufacturing is so popular today.  Basically large scale production is moving more to on order production, which 3d printing is just a next step of.
But yeah, crap quality so far, high limitations etc etc.
Also there used to be big printer house you sent stuff to get printed at.  They still exist, but there are far fewer of them because of desktop printing. 
@_date: 2012-10-15 12:14:52
If you would stoically accept your loss and move on, then do so.  If your acceptance is a mistake then you'll be happily surprised when you get your documentation and money back...  Its pretty simple really.
@_date: 2012-10-25 16:11:28
All of your suppositions here are based on fringe chances and low probability.   
I think you nailed it on the head about pirated music.  What happened in that world?  Pirating was hard and limited, pirating was easy and rampant, business duplicated convenience of pirating and boomed, pirating was made difficult through legislation (pending ISP 6 strike laws), pirating is on the decline for channels that have legitimate alternatives (for music).
Transparency is not diminishing. I cant even begin to imagine how you think that is even vaguely true.  We have systems that track ever call, every facial recognition on cctv, every post, every purchase, every ad click, every link click, every gps request, every passive link via friends, every phone call, every email, every txt, etc, etc.  And its increasing every day and the mining ability is getting better every day.   The cool part is the same tools are starting to make it into the public world so people can find the same info about their leaders as the leaders have about them.  This has been going on for decades and both the interested parties and the majority of people are ok with its expansion as long as they feel their is value to it (convenience).   
Like I said before, I believe in bitcoin.  I have money in bitcoin.  I think its an awesome system that will disrupt our status quo.  It will not however remove powerful people from power or somehow become the harbinger of a different world b/c its inherent value is in convenience that can be easily replicated by more 'legitimate' systems (gov or corp) that will cause much wider adoption.  Im not saying I like this, Im not saying its right, Im saying history has proven this to be the pattern and there is no reason to expect otherwise in the future based on the fundamentals at play here.  
Finally, I myself would not hide my income from the government even though I know how right now, I actually enjoy the services that are rendered through my tax dollars.  Im not so fond of all the wars and defense spending but I recognize the necessity of some of it (that being 50c of every dollar in taxes).  If everyone hid their money, even though that is completely unrealistic, not only would the state break down in some libertarian wet dream but social order itself would break down.  If there are no cops to stop someone from raping your mother, your mother will be raped.  If there are no municipalities to build roads your economy will fail.   If there is no defense of your territory or rule of law to respect contracts, you will be taken over by someone that can guarantee those things through rule of law or strength of arms.   These 3 examples were proven at the fall of rome and the rise of the dark ages.  That is what happens when you remove the primary arm of social order - government - in whatever form it finds equilibrium.  
@_date: 2012-10-27 00:57:23
Not all of them.
@_date: 2012-10-25 19:29:27
Actually I was more referring to the article being gold bug paranoia and you continuing to think its valid and accurate.
What exactly is wrong with the state?  I believe civilization has been built on laws through out history.  I think its also valid and true that at no other point in history with no other form of government or system of trade have we had so much wealth spread so evenly around the world or so much wealth accumulated in individuals.  The living standards of everyone has risen under this 'state' system.  What was your complaint again?
@_date: 2012-10-25 13:17:31
I disagree.  Cash itself is still highly legal and highly used and is a government system of currency with built in privacy.
And again 90% of people dont give a crap about privacy if they have convenience. 
@_date: 2012-10-25 14:51:32
He's proving the point.
Regardless government/military internal documents != consumer behavior 
@_date: 2012-10-26 13:33:49
Ok did some digging into what was a concern in the crypto community sometime last year (The eventual breaking of SHA256).  Looks like they have addressed this for the most part.  Here is a reasonable discussion with links to sources on both the concern side and the ideas for solution:  
So no not completely false, just out of date as I said it might be.  Oh and the encryption wasnt designed to be updated actually.  Thats what started the discussion, itd be non-trivial.
@_date: 2012-08-18 12:49:07
If Im not mistaken the guy who proposed the idea created an example that simply stores files as a proof that it could work.  I saw it on a wiki page about this somewhere.
@_date: 2012-10-27 12:36:32
please explain the inherent flaw in the fiat system.
@_date: 2012-08-18 13:33:33
haha there goes my day.  Thanks this game is fun.
@_date: 2017-10-08 11:56:32
Please explain (with links preferably) how 2x is a corporate take over.  This is the first Im hearing of this.  I really dont keep up too much these days but need to decide what to do.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:16:06
And Im sure everyone would love the opportunity to discuss your arguments as to why deflation is a problem.
So please, elaborate.
@_date: 2013-11-30 22:50:57
So here is a thing that will get in the way before mars colonization does.  
The foundation of the btc economy is that it has a limited number.  That there is a scarcity attached to it.  It may be divisible but there is a limit on growth.  These means prices rise with demand.  The problem is, there really ISNT scarcity.  Its artificial.  If btc ever becomes big enough and successful enough to warrent it, then there is little reason alternatives, even exact copies wont be produced in order to fill demand.  In regards to the above.  There will almost certainly be a different coin on the planet b/c its more effective.
TLDR: basically the artificial scarcity in btc is the same trap we are currently stuck in w/ modern capitalistic economy.
@_date: 2013-04-05 21:03:15
Well, to that audience, no it really doesnt.   Do they care about the form of gold they hold when they purchase 'paper gold'? No. Do they care about the transaction process when moving from a forex based portfolio to commodities?  Not really.  So as far as the tech goes, its important for the 'bankers' and 'traders' to understand for an analysis of the fundamentals but the audience of bloomberg are not those people.  That sort of information is best reserved for the financial analysis papers that come out quarterly and have a subscription fee of $10k in my opinion.
@_date: 2013-12-28 12:04:57
As someone that works with several on the east coast, no they aren't.  Most of them think it's a tech fad like MySpace or worse junk like penny stocks.  Some see the potential but the vast majority think its a technological ponzi scheme. 
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:18:11
Thats exactly the point.  Buy on the drops.  
"When people greedy, I get afraid. When people get afraid, I get greedy"
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:35:40
You are suffering from perspective bias.   You understand the dollar and all currencies fluctuate in price?  You actually lose money everyday (on average) in dollars but that doesnt upset you because you dont realize it due to your current bias and the slow speed.  Where as bitcoin holding (on average) you gain money everyday, its far more apparent due to its current growth, again its price velocity is very high during the adoption phase.
I have no issue with bitcoin never being used for day to day transactions.  Its deflationary nature means unless its ubiquitous and more frictionless to get into and out of then it is now, it will never ever be used for day to day transactions.  But it sure is great for savings which is something our current inflationary system do not encourage - and due to the retirement crisis, we're about to regret highly.
Bitcoin is not good for investing or lending but your reasoning doesnt make sense and is again too dollar biased.  If I invest or lend in bitcoin with an expectation of getting more bitcoin back then I lent, then the value in dollars is irrelevant as I would only do that if 1) I was sure the return in btc was worth the risk 2) I could use the return to buy or invest in something else - ie the economy is robust enough that I dont have to worry about the price in dollars I can just be happy I now have more bitcoin.  Your arguement is equally valid against any external currency lending - like if I were to make a loan in Euros from dollars I would run the risk of currency devaluation messing with the value of my loan... but there are hedges for that.  The hedges in bitcoin have to be different becuase they are not going in the same direction so there will be a wider split but they are far from impossible.
The real problem w/ borrowing bitcoin is that spending it is not worth it as most things you bought now (on borrowed bitcoin) will be worth far fewer bitcoin in the near future so the chances of you returning the full amount plus interest from most investments is very small.   This isnt a good thing for our current economic model which is built on lending, interest, and inflation (ie devaluation of the dollar).  But in the deflationary model bitcoin creates its great for savings, purchasing for value/durability, and encouraging responsible use of resources (ie removal of planned obsolescence and mass consumerism).  This is a good thing for resource usage, but admittedly is a bad thing for economic factors like economy of scale.  Interestingly though we're starting to fall out of the efficiency curve for economies of scale.  They still work in the most part but with the invention of 3d printing and localized farming and of course the reduction of fuel development, local and durable are actually better for the economy then scale and global.  This is already starting and bitcoin is a means to aide that development, though I dont think most people realize that yet.   That said, there are massive issues with bitcoin unrelated to anything you said which are likely to find bitcoin being the myspace of 'crypto currencies' and some other better and more efficient protocol replacing it as the 'facebook'.  And honestly that will likely get replaced by many varied but super frictionless forms of transactions as distributed automated corporation and other forms of decentralized value creation begin to appear.
TLDR;  Stop thinking about bitcoin in USD, start think of bitcoin like any other alternative currency (euro, peso, etc) and realize that those cross boundary limitation are manageable and irrelevant.  While you do this look at what is different and the implications of bitcoin in a functioning whole view economically.  Oh and yes people here are over optimistic and hype filled - but thats ok for the adoption phase.
@_date: 2013-12-05 21:06:19
Seriously buy btc instead.  $700 in BFL equipment got us 1.2 btc.  If we had invested at that time it'd be worth over a lot more (more then 2x as much).
@_date: 2013-08-19 13:33:04
While I completely agree with this as a general principle and financial strategy it is important to note that bitcoin IS still relatively untested in a number of ways and IS rather risky as far as general asset or portfolio diversification goes.
I advise a number of people on their investments and I always state bitcoin is exceedingly risky due to the unknowns of regulation, some of the known potential security issues (51%, encryption crack or weakness in SHA etc) and various other factors I wont go into here.  I still recommend holding it for a multiplier of value though between 2.5-5x seems a very safe bet.  As anyone knows expecting a multiplier return w/in a few years is more in line with investing in startups (high risk high reward) so any savvy investor recognizes this immediately.  
Worth it, and worthwhile but do not put money in you cannot afford to lose.
@_date: 2013-11-22 13:48:32
I was inspired by:     
to start referring to everything in Satoshis and was unable to find a simple calculator.   Let me know what you think and if there are any features I can add.   Right now it pulls the price from the bitcoinaverage API.
@_date: 2013-12-25 22:28:49
Trust less system. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 21:20:49
Computers and cell phones are deflationary storage of wealth.  They are literally better at an expected rate (moores law).  This doesnt prevent people from buying the latest.  In fact they line up for days to get the latest.
A deflationary economy will provide two fundamental changes that will be valuable to a world that is running out of resources and needs to consider optimizing efficiency.   1)  It will cause a pressure to save money for greater value tomorrow.  2) It will cause a drive towards goods that last instead of ones that are easily replacable.  If you're trading future value for an item, you want it to last as long as possible and be worth it.
Both of those factors will reduce wasteful practices in modern capitalism such as planned obsolescence because people will prefer to save until they REALLY want/need something and when they do buy it wont be enough just buy something of sufficient capability, you will want to trade your save value for something that will last as long as possible (alternatively something that is as cheap as possible).  Both these factors are important motivators when considering a post scarcity existence and a zero sum economic structure.   Both of these factors are looming quickly for the world economy.
Bitcoin is unlikely to become the answer to EVERY purchase, but it will cause sufficient pressure on the economic/financial sectors (due to its free frictionless movement of money that is crowdsourced) to trickle into the economy of consumption.  
Hope this helps.
@_date: 2013-12-25 22:29:35
I agree 100%.  Eye on it, but a sceptical one. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:10:04
Its definitely not that simple.  Regardless, it makes 100s of moves in the time it take you to process whats on your monitor, much less click a mouse button.
@_date: 2013-11-18 01:21:10
Anyone who sells at a gain rarely feels bad at further rises.  I sold twice at 200%+ gains.  Watched it go wildly higher after, then crash.  I've never regretted a sell.  How could you regret a gain of 200%?  If you do, you're trying to time the market, which means you WILL lose your money b/c you're investing from emotions and those are the easiest way to separate you from your money.
@_date: 2013-11-22 13:44:43
I am 1000% on board with this idea and will refer to everything in satoshi.  I went to look for a simple calculator and was unable to find anything.  So I just built this last night and put it up.  Let me know if you think there are features worth adding:
@_date: 2013-11-25 17:55:17
The problem is the psychology.  No one is going to use these denominations b/c they are part of a whole.  We should just skip straight to satoshi and value everything like that.  Its not only easier, but will last a lot longer and isnt even that hard to relate in terms of symbol and statement.   I read the article on here recently about it and created a tool to help with easy satoshi conversion at  
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:08:27
Not to mention technically you owe taxes on every sale you make...  and the tax is as Income (Im assuming you're US).  BTC is way better as a long term cap gain.  There isnt a portfolio out there that goes up 1000-4000% per year.  Why would you bother selling and mounting up taxes and fees?
@_date: 2013-11-27 13:08:49
Quick question, would bitcoin really upgrade to include hiding the transaction register?  I think one of the most powerful aspects of bitcoin is you can follow the money.   Transparency appears to be the future in every way from corporate power to political power to day to day people.  Bitcoin actually helps with that and honestly it would be useful for the world to be able to watch how banks move their money around.  I mean Libor would have been much more transparent if all transactions were public record.  
@_date: 2013-12-25 22:30:24
Not from what I've seen. The 'green' part is reason enough to take note IMO.  
@_date: 2013-12-04 21:32:07
Try mousing over the balance?  I think coinbase hides your balance past .00 but if you mouse over its .000000000.  
@_date: 2013-03-21 15:59:59
Yep I did that, Im not whining.  Just curious if Im insane or validated.  Ultimately this looks like the answer is no one knows.
@_date: 2013-09-27 13:18:54
Hey, dont get me wrong I made a 3x  multiplier on my money by watching the silver bugs freak out and then pulling out before the inevitable asset crash.  It was easy to see the pattern.  Actually, yours is exactly the line that led me to take advantage of the situation.  And it was pre 2008.  Funny how people use the same lines over and over and over to build hype for something only to watch it fail again and again and again.
I would highly suggest a deeper education on global finance.  There are classes available for free online.  They will open up a greater understanding of how this all works then Alex Jones, libertarianism, et al. will ever allow.  Those types dont want to educate, they want you afraid, because then you're easy to herd into places that make them lots of money.
@_date: 2013-09-27 15:15:27
On gold/silver: Not really, the premise was it would hit 2-5k b/c fiat would collapse and gold backed currency was the future.  A future that is still not upon us.  Those that listened then, held through the big drops in that chart you have there.  They are still holding the bag while JPM, Goldman (and people like me) got out.
I dont see why we are limiting our discussion to QE, fiat, or a supposed currency crisis, when the article has nothing to do with that and its largely a non sequitur to the article, the ops intent, and my initial comment.  The financial crisis was not caused by reserves, fiat, or a currency crisis.  The actions taken and in the article are not due to fiat or currency issues.  Fiat is largely irrelevant to any of this unless one believes that fiat is evil by default and the root of all financial problems.  Which I'll repeat is ignorant, as defined as: 'lacking knowledge or awareness in general; uneducated or unsophisticated', and is not an ad hominem attack, just an accurate use of vocabulary, b/c we've heard the same story before in a different setting for the same purpose of pumping a 'secure' asset.  Its a classic pump and dump fear mongering scheme and I really hope it doesnt visit bitcoin b/c it will ruin its chances at being part of a functional economic system.  Which is exactly what I said in my comment.
So here is some information that contradicts your position:   If we are in a currency crisis that is being cause by supposed 'printing money' (which, by the way, is an inaccurate description of the mechanics of QE), then why in the world are we seeing deflation indicators after months of this printing?  This is the opposite effect of what occurs when you print money to save an economy.   
Additionally see if you can tell me this:  where does the fed's balance sheet end up?  Since this action of QE is so dastardly whats the net impact of its creation, and eventual dissolution?
So far all you've added to the discussion is gold/silver bugs are right b/c fiat is going to collapse b/c QE.  Which doesnt actually make any sense at all, and is irrelevant to the post, ops point, and my comment.  So please, by all means, illuminate me w/ your knowledge of how this all works and is going to collapse.
@_date: 2013-08-13 15:07:27
This is exactly true and will/is reflected in the price required for payback on capital investments.  I mine, and due to deflationary nature of bitcoin I know if I hold long enough (all else equal) the price of the coins will go up.  So I set a target price before I buy new equipment and I dont sell until I reach it.  So yes, miners absolutely have an effect on the supply of bitcoin and thus the price.
@_date: 2013-11-25 20:34:52
Oh for some reason I thought this was mod run...   
@_date: 2013-12-28 12:10:35
I'm still waiting for whitelisting.  I've only ever lurked there since 2010. But this is probably a good idea. Thanks. 
As for the ideas I'll share them public ally eventually but I'd rather start with a conversation with people that might be a good fit for the project. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 00:57:02
Buy a beer for your friend at the bar they are sitting at across the country.  Cant do that w/ a cc or cash.
There is actually a ton of stuff you can do easier with bitcoin right now then fiat money.  You just arent using it...so Im guessing you're just a speculator.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:55:08
I actually really like and respect Krugman.  In many cases he is dead on.  I personally believe from a governmental stand point most Keynesian policies are very useful and that demand driven economics bear greater consideration in regards to political policy setting during economically extreme times.  So no, this doesnt bother me on the surface.
But Krugman's entire basis of economic knowledge comes from an education built at the end of a long period of inflation driven economics.  At the core, he wont even be able to consider the alternative position.   But let me just offer a single counter point to his article:
Based on his belief that 'if money is more valuable tomorrow then it is today then no one will spend it'.  Then the entirety of the information technological boom proves him absolutely wrong.  And case in point, he said that computers would have no greater economic effect then fax machines.  So let me break it down a bit.  By Moore's law alone since the inception of the transistor there is a diminishing return on an economic investment of hardware.  That means in the entirety of computing industry a dollar tomorrow will have more purchasing power then a dollar today (like bitcoin).  This is due to technological advances that happen at a steady, rapid and predictable pace, doubling in power approximately every 18 months I believe.   Ok so, if you follow me.  This means, by Krugman's logic no one would ever buy any computers, ever.  Silicone valley would be rife with unemployment and wages would fall there.  As we know though, people tend to buy the latest and greatest computer they can afford, not hoard their cash waiting for the next one.  Technological advancement and efficiency are top concerns for the industry as a whole.  Prices DO drop which only spurs further innovations so the next one is worth the same price.  Demand for innovative people is up and their wages are up as a result.  In fact they had nearly no unemployment as an industry and are now in a severe talent drought which of course only raise wages.
Basically, in this miniature model, he's wrong on every count.  But you cant expect otherwise because he's working from faulty axioms that only function properly based on previously assumed foundations that no longer hold true (that scarcity is perpetually prevalent - which is the entire reason capitalism was started - to get rid of scarcity via Wealth of Nations).
@_date: 2013-12-27 13:52:50
I have two very solid innovative ideas that involve bitcoin or bitcoin like technologies (decentralized ledger).  I have business knowledge and connections to both funding and legal resources.  I need techies.  
I've tried to reach out to the community a few times but havent gotten much response.
If you really want to build businesses, reach out to me, I've been looking for people that understand it enough to do so.  I run a software startup but my techies arent fully up to speed on how bitcoin works and its not really their sort of thing anyways.  
@_date: 2013-03-21 12:27:54
Quick summary and relevance?  Thanks for the advice though.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:43:27
Dont worry, you'll see that price again w/in a year or so most likely.  Well assuming the exchanges go through another round of upgrades on security and capacity so they become more stable again.
@_date: 2013-10-24 20:59:15
I bought in at $10 and $17.  $17 was on the run up which crashed down to under $10.  I never lost faith in the return.   I ended up selling at 60s because I needed the cash.  I dont regret it at all (who triples their return in a few years?).  I kept 1 for fun.  I pretend it was the first one I bought for $10 just so my return feels that much better.
Now I advise people with more money then I'd know what to do with on the purchase and sale of bitcoin in my spare time for fun.  So far my average roi for them is +90% in under a year.
@_date: 2013-12-05 04:03:18
Bitcoin can be tracked. It's not particularly hard at this stage.  And therefore it can be taxed.  If you beleive bitcoin earnings are not going to be taxed then you will have a painful lesson to learn in the near future. Pay your taxes.  
@_date: 2013-04-20 14:29:23
Dont forget to mention it has a lot of interest from the traditional economies as well.  I know many will feel this is a bad thing but in all honesty economies are not islands, they never have been even in the pre-nationalism days.   
We have legitimate, legally recognized links between our new born experimental economy and all the large, well established ones.  This is a very big deal.  
@_date: 2013-12-26 15:56:48
No.  Chase is very anti-btc on a corporate level.   If this is for personal use then you shouldnt hit any problems but as a business chase has a policy to lock any transactions to BTC.
@_date: 2013-12-09 15:19:43
If you are doing this from a US account one of the reasons is you passed the $10k red flag threshold.  Due to US financial services and money laundering restrictions they are required to hold it longer (7-10 business days I think) + processing time.  They are in high demand now so expect that to take a while.
They are doing just fine considering their volume.  A client was able to pull $50k out even after providing the wrong banking information in under 7 days.
If you are putting $50k and arent used to processing times with large sums then you may want to look into money laundering and tax evasion regulation.  You have now been flagged by the IRS assuming US bank account into bitstamp (this does not automatically mean you will be audited).
Source:  I help wealthy individuals invest in btc and sell btc.  I have looked into the laws, tax requirements and banking regulation so I can inform them of risks and allay concerns.
@_date: 2013-11-18 13:04:38
Right, thats exactly it.  Except paypal has a large fee, bitcoin doesnt.
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:23:20
Interesting.  Feedback:  how do you switch between tabs easily?  I see the sidebar thing but thats hard to tell what I have open at a glance.
@_date: 2013-12-30 19:20:48
This is the most horrible handwaving 'be afraid of guvment' article I've read in a long time.  And I think Krugman is utterly wrong on this one, but this article just makes bitcoin supporters appear to be uneducated anti-government fear mongers.
@_date: 2013-11-19 13:16:53
Of course they dont but its worked so far and locking in losses is dumb no matter what type of investment.  
@_date: 2013-10-29 18:48:44
Well if you need custom software or IT consulting services we accept bitcoin.  Though we're hardly the first. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 17:41:44
Did the same thing w/ wealthy clients before the rise above $60.  They battled the crowds on MTGox to get in and got in at the peak of the April crash and on the down side after.  I told them, dont worry just hold, we'll see $1000 by eoy.  They are very pleased with the results.
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:08:36
Most people consider me of a Keynesian slant and I agree 100% with the above.
In fact, the above leads to a Keynesian universe where money will essentially be doled out b/c companies wont keep full time employment, or actually in reality almost no employment.  The awesome part of this is that w/ the basis in a deflationary currency, the poor who are aided by the whole system will actually be able to get out of the hole with relatively little aide or effort.
Additionally taken to its furthest, there will be no jobs from the above and the historical concept of 'corporation' will again return as a driver of innovation and commerce for the betterment of the people (a requirement for corporate charters up until modern times).  They will also be almost entirely automated from top to bottom.
@_date: 2013-11-22 04:46:37
You are correct it was a Mis use of terminology.  I meant use of wealth.  They are depreciating assets. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:59:25
Hold, I've seen 3 people do this.  DO NOT lock in losses.  Just hold 6-8 months and you'll get a 3x multiple on that investment if it continues to behave the same.
@_date: 2013-11-18 01:04:33
Treat it like a short term (or long term depending on hold period) capital gains.  This is what it would be if you made money shifting between currencies.  This is what they will be treated like by the IRS.  There is very very little chance that it will be anything else.  Tell your accountant this and get professional advice on how to plan around that.  
Note: I am not providing professional advice, I'm just familiar with a lot of stuff.
@_date: 2013-12-18 15:36:26
Thank you!  You stopped the crash.  It takes at least 1 of these sacrifices to keep the gods of bitcoin happy.  Or at least there is one every time it crashes...
@_date: 2013-11-25 18:00:47
For those wanting to convert numbers and currency easily check out  I couldnt find a tool that did this so I created this hoping it would help with the adoption of satoshi as a standard denomination.  I myself will be using satoshi whenever BTC doesnt make sense.   
By the way 100Ks are worth 78 cents.
@_date: 2013-09-27 12:11:00
This is absurd.  Sadly Zero Hedge becomes more and more fear monger BS everyday.  Look at the content.  A limit on a bank account size (like the US has had for decades!) is somehow going to equate to a haircut in iceland.  Thats just ignorant hyperbole.  
This article is trash and worse obfuscates the real issues where this has and will ACTUALLY happen by trying to make it a bigger thing then it is.
Zero hedge has now made it to my 'dont bother reading that tabloid shit' list.  Hope you all see it similarly or bitcoin is destined for the grandiose success of the gold and silver bugs... ie, not much but a bunch of bs hype.
@_date: 2013-04-03 12:12:30
Yep.  Still early phases - media attention/institutional investors.   I believe I saw that JPM and GS were see hitting exchanges something like 60x per day a month or so ago.  This is where they got in low.  Now they and various other groups are pushing the media frenzy.  Just watch out for the paradigm shift.
@_date: 2013-03-21 19:02:51
Absolutely, its the pacing that is surprising and rather unnatural.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:24:09
Ok.  This is how you do it.  You stop trying to time the market (sell at the peak) and you sell now.  B/c thats the only reliable way you can lock in returns.  Trying to sell on a fall is always where you lose money.  Its literally the dumbest move in any investment.   Once a stock falls do not lock in losses by selling.
Or as Warren Buffet says:  "When people are scared I get greedy, when people are greedy I get scared"  Ie he sells when the velocity up is high (greedy) and he buys when the velocity down is high (panic selling).
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:40:59
Why are you getting down voted?
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:50:08
I like the topic and discussion so I already gave you an upvote.  Just wanted to point out that one mans humble is anothers gilded and its just a subjective feeling in the end. Thus any 'virtue' associated with it is equally undefinable and antithetical to a logical, rational discussion.  Its inherently irrational and subjectively abstract.
Maybe Im being far too pedantic.  It was just ironic and funny to me.
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:41:49
One thing:  You cant talk about having a rational discussion and then in the next breath talk about humility and virtue.  There is nothing less rational or useful to a logical discussion then utilizing abstracts to justify feelings.  Sorry if this seems harsh.
@_date: 2013-12-06 13:28:13
Wow you get upset easily.  I specifically said keeping it all in the system is one way to increase anonymity.  But I guess you failed to read that in your internet rage.  Its still not perfect... see the two links plus a simple google search on 'making bitcoin more anonymous'.  
There is a reason that people who are security conscious connect through tor to get and send btc.  Because that IS the only way to stay anonymous.  Which means that the tax man can find you if its worth their time to do so.
I hope you look into this more, because your anger indicates that you are in some way invested in the concept that btc is hidden money but havent actually learned how to make that true.  If you are spending or moving money w/o using tor, you are trackable given the right subpoenas (ISPs, shops, etc).
For example, I could probably look up your bitcoin tip account, find that address, link it to the funding address through the blockchain, determine your isp and ip through reddit, figure out where you live, track back that address with a funding account associated with the btc addresses.  So unless you are doing very sophisticated actions to hide who you are (such as tor and proxy servers), its not particularly hard.  If you believe otherwise you are the one who is naive.
Internet money makes things MORE transparent, not less.  Thats actually a good thing imo.  Transparency is the inevitable future.
@_date: 2013-11-26 00:43:30
Im going straight satoshis. No point in doing otherwise and its a hell of a lot easier to figure out mentally.  Not to mention easier notation.  100Ks is apx 78 cents right now.  2 symbols instead of uBTC, 4 symbols.  Everyone know K is thousands, M is millions B is billions and you can cut it up easily, 125.5Ks,  10.5Ks, 20.7Bs.   Easier all around, and no further adjustments needed until we are in a very very high price range.
@_date: 2013-12-25 19:50:16
Just to let you know:
1) NXT is significantly different technology unlike most alt coins.  
2) Its source is to be released on Jan 3rd, its in pre-beta.  
3) Its not premined, it doesnt function under the same technological concepts as BTC ie its not proof of work its 100% proof of stake which required all 'shares' to exist in the beginning.  This is highly useful for future DACs.  
4) this is not trying to replace bitcoin, it requires bitcoin to 
 a) create the genesis block and
 b) purchase any, but it is not a replacement for btc at all its a system for proof of stake.  If anything its chasing mastercoin and color coins.
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:25:08
Sounds like you make rash financial decisions.  Be very careful with your earnings.  Also be very careful how you withdraw the money and use it.  Taxes can end up making you more poor then when you were homeless.
@_date: 2013-04-09 12:36:22
@_date: 2013-03-21 16:03:34
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:57:06
With actual dates?  Im new to the whole rig world.  Did they say on this day we start shipping, and then they didnt ship?  Or did they just say 'we're hoping this month'?
@_date: 2013-12-04 13:32:38
@_date: 2013-12-10 21:22:57
Well you just tagged yourself as a mark...  Hope you have your coins offline or somewhere safe.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:29:30
Guess you lost your shirt.
Deflation isnt a problem.  Im actually considering opening up several consultancies which take bitcoin and convert them to pay out workers in fiat or btc depending on what the workers prefer.  This means that my payment today from clients will be worth more tomorrow and I'll be able to charge less then competition at spot price then gain a profit on valuation from point of sale to paying for costs.  Deflation as a multi currency business structure is a perfectly fine thing.  In fact it encourages saving, smart spending, seeking quality, and seeking durability of service/good.  Personally, I think all of these are needed in great abundance in today's planned obsolescence world.
Bitcoin is backed by the trust in the algorithm and the system.  Nothing else really matters.  The exchanges dont matter b/c at all points there has been a way to sell and buy BTC at a price point.  Never was this impossible if you've setup your accounts (something that takes some overhead admittedly - but not compared to say getting a line of credit at a bank which is typically a 3 year minimum wait or massive multiple of assets as collateral).  So yeah, the fundamental of trust is unbroken.  The only trust that is broken is in MTGox's exchange, and in the price point of $260.  But then again I was on here saying this is insane when it hit $70 or so.
Additionally, with this currency, Im able to hire from all over the world to provide digital services and pay instantly w/ almost no fees.  And this is the major advantage over other currencies.  Because its not cheap or easy to convert from one to another currency or even to just pay across borders. 
So, Im sorry you bought into the hype and lost a lot of money.  But the fundamentals are still there and thats why even now, at this crash its above what I considered insane only a few weeks ago.   Welcome to capitalism where following the herd gets you slaughtered.  Do your self a favor and hold if you still can.  Because of that deflationary structure, we're sure to see the $260 price again in the future.
@_date: 2013-12-05 00:04:46
Well, mine doesnt, I just looked to see.   It says 0.00 BTC ~ 0.00 USD.  And when I have a balance on there it keeps it to 2 digits until I mouse over.
@_date: 2013-11-18 17:54:04
Ok ok ok.  I want you all to realize this is exactly the same price velocity that has occurred right before every previous crash.  Im not saying this isnt a good valuation (or even that $1000 isnt)  Just realize the dynamic of this thing and dont get into really unsafe positions.  
To the moon :D.
@_date: 2013-10-24 20:53:37
What the heck... Never sell on a dive.  What are you part of a herd?  Is your life savings in this thing?  If either answer is yes, you should not be responsible for risking your own money.  Give it to someone who understands basic principles.
Never buy on a rise either.
I dont understand how this isnt obvious to everyone.
@_date: 2013-12-28 12:01:10
Actually, while I love bitcoin it's an environmental disaster already.  There are way more energy efficient ways to handling the proofing in the system.  It will work for now but expect something new to eventually take over with far better protocol properties in the long run.  
That aside I do not see how bitcoin will lead to the wealth disparity fix you speak of.  Those situations typically only arise through government actions such as jubilee historically or large public works and high taxes in more modern times.  To be completely honest it's already showing to make wealth differential way worse.  You can see it in the concepts of 'satoshi might be the first trillionair'. Bitcoin is a more free market and an awesome technological innovation but from a financial perspective the market is highly immature and easily manipulated and will likely oly lead to further widening the wealth gap as it provides an easily stolen value from the less technologically savvy to the more so (ie wealthy enough for the education and tools to learn tech vs the less fortunate). Still an amazing system but long term a very unsustainable one.  
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:47:42
Hold tight.  I bought at 10 and 17 right before (1 week or so) it spiked to 35 and then crashed.  I woke up one day and checked it and it was at 5 or so.  I was sad but just sat on it keeping an eye.   A year later and it starts spiking again.   I got half out at 2x my initial investment.  Took the rest out at another x2.7.  By any standards I made a killing.   I missed the big bump where I could have pulled at x18 or so but do I care?  Hell no.  No one makes a 270% return on investment in a 2 year period.
So hang in there.  I was you a year ago.  I pulled out 'early' and still pulled in a killing.  You'll have your chance too.  Just remember, when everyone is scared - get greedy, when everyone gets greedy - get scared.  Pick a number and pull out no matter what at that point and you'll be sitting pretty like me.
@_date: 2013-11-25 19:11:22
Can we change it to mystified monday instead?  Seems less offensive.
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:33:53
Go after them under finCEN?  Isnt that what those regulatory guidance's are for?
@_date: 2013-12-10 14:00:33
Credit Union....   just like occupy was pushing for.  I participated in bank transfer day and have had no issue with bitcoin transactions.  I will continue to free myself and my money from corporations that arent serving me.
Fuck the big banks, I have no loans or account with any of them (I moved it all to my credit union). Fuck apple if it wants its walled garden it can have it, I enjoy a free to do what I want nexus 4 on TMobile.  Fuck At&amp;t not even listening to their investors about the privacy invasions and relationship with the NSA.
Yeah that sums it up for me.  There are options, dont whine, use the options and vote with your money, its the last vote you really have so you better use it.
@_date: 2013-11-21 21:00:53
Interesting!  Thanks.
@_date: 2013-12-29 14:48:02
I built one a month ago:  
It's a little more useful in format but still needs some work.  
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:51:32
0 is highly unlikely.  Low numbers, sure but $0 I doubt it.   None of the fundamentals have shifted, only the idiots who bought in to this new fangled 'commodity'.  At the end of the day, if it was going to go to $0 it would have after the crash of '11.  It was way more likely then.
Again predicated on the assumption the exchanges get their acts together.
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:43:10


If anything, it feels like an average value of multiple currencies that are involved.. like a basket of currencies, like SDRs, except accessible to the whole planet's populace instead of just multinational banks. 
@_date: 2013-03-21 12:14:31
I signed up.  I'm currently running 2 companies and have stake in 3 others (equity for tech/bus dev).  I'm definitely interested in getting involved in a bitcoin startup and some of the people I know are interested in investing in something like this.
I have contacts in several VC/Angel circles and know some interesting individuals worth pitching to when the time is right.  Bitcoin is still a bit of a hard sell to these east coasters but I've managed to get a few monied individuals to jump in recently, so its not impossible.
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:14:22
Because the amateurs freak out and sell on the crash, thus locking in their losses.  Usually losses they cant afford, ie money they owe. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 14:55:18
Yeah you broke it right there.  By being stateless you also have no laws, therefore you cannot transact lawfully.
I like the general idea and am working on some concepts to aide the Decentralized Automated Corporation movement but this doesnt really do anything to further bitcoin or non-authority based businesses.
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:31:39
@_date: 2013-09-27 14:17:54
I dont think the current system will last forever, I dont believe the US will remain a reserve currency.  That would be ignorant. I also didnt state anything remotely close to that.  So stow your straw man.
I did say that acting like that article is anything short of pure hyperbole and fear mongering is ignorant.  That was my point as I stated.  I said it distracts from the few valid points it does make.  The only people who would buy wholly into that tripe are those that bought into the run away currency devaluation theory in 05-07 and bought gold/silver under the assumption that the dollar was dead.  That fiat money is over...  The same line Im hearing today but associated w/ bitcoin and QE instead of gold and EU/China/Globalization.  Further, nothing in that article, the current scenario, or otherwise indicates "OMFGBBQ buy bitcoinz! b/c the evilz gov is gunna steal all my bank accounts!".  Which is what the article/op seems to be indicating.  That, shows a lack of basic understanding of global finance. 
Fiat isnt going anywhere anytime soon and honestly it'd be horrible if it did.  This does not preclude the rise of bitcoin to something spectacularly useful though.  The two are NOT mutually exclusive.
@_date: 2013-12-05 21:03:58
They are pretty secure for an online location but nothing is invincible.   The rule of thumb is dont keep your coins online.
That said, I believe coinbase follows this rule of thumb and puts something like 85% of their coins into cold storage.
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:03:44
Check the wattages.  You're using the wrong light bulbs.   Or your house has very bad electrical and surges regularly (maybe a microwave on the same circuit as most of these burn out bulbs?).  
@_date: 2013-12-04 14:14:04
I wish they'd switch to mBTC though. Then I'd be locked.
@_date: 2013-12-06 16:10:54
Bitstamp seems ok.  I believe its 7-10 day turn around on transfers once you've been validated by them.  They do it through international wire though so there are fees associated with it.
@_date: 2013-12-24 16:13:29
LOL... really?  You havent been watching bitcoin very long then?  This is the best period.  Its quiet, its boring, its stable.  This is the time to get your plans together and prepare before the madness begins to hit again.
I've been doing this since $10 a coin.  Its fun, dont despair, enjoy the ride!
@_date: 2013-12-05 22:09:11
If you are bringing it back into the fiat world yes it can be tracked.  The public ledger and the exchanges/trade markets are the weak point.  Its how you tie a bank account with a transaction.  It is imminently vulnerable to subpoena.  
That said, if its so anonymous why do these exist:  
So like I said, you dont know what you're talking about, and if you try to avoid taxes through bitcoin - fiat actions, you're going to have a very bad time (assuming the amounts are large enough to be worth going after).  
Why do you think all the verification requirements are there for exchanges etc?  Its to be legally compliant with money laundering and tax avoidance laws.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:08:20
Right.  There is nothing you've done, and no replies here that were not initiated back when this article was posted here:   (see all three parts).
It wouldnt surprise me if the info you got at the talk was actually based on these articles.
Im not trying to be offensive but you havent solved any of the problems of a 'block chain company'.  You've just put a piece of paper w/ your name on it into the record.  The paper has no inherently legal value, it means nothing and in fact by the nature of this action I could put my name on the exact same paper and it would be equally valid because its in a stateless, and lawless form.   Articles of incorporation only work in the context of a legal system.  Since the blockchain is not a legal system your articles are meaningless in and of themselves.  Thats why setting up a company in different countries has different requirements.  They are requirements of the law of the land.
Thanks for spurring conversation though.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:55:21
No not a forex speculator.  The workers will do work in the consultancies' industry.  Probably in something digital that can benefit from multi-country access to labor (think web work done in india, ukraine, but sold in the US or globally).
Where do you get the 2-8% fee? I havent seen that at any of the exchanges.  Maybe .02%.
Im not sure you can be a deflationary economic system and a ponzi scheme at the same time.  The one by nature of economics would preclude the other from being true except in so much as it goes above the actual economic value of the system.  Anything deflationary would naturally go up in value, therefore a return is built in and a ponzi scheme isnt the core economic function.  Certainly you could build a ponzi scheme on top of such a system such as what Pirate did 6 months ago.  And of course there are all manner of possible pump and dump schemes available to the unscrupulous.  But all of that is irrelevant to the value and health of the system at the fundamental level.  Thats just fools jumping in to scams with out understanding what they are doing.  Scams exist everywhere.  Look at Libor for instance.
I just assumed you were bitter over a loss b/c your message sounds so angry.
@_date: 2013-12-06 15:16:12
Yep you can do that and make that money.  Good luck getting the usd out of Gox.  There are people on here who have been waiting 4+ months for withdraws.
@_date: 2013-11-18 13:02:38
I'd feel the same b/c I still beat out 99.999% of portfolios out there.  
@_date: 2013-12-05 20:47:41
Doesnt really matter unless you keep it in the system and purchase from with in the system exclusively.  You cant just have hundreds of thousands of dollars show up in your bank accounts without paying the tax man.  If this is really why people are using it they have not only missed the point but are also going to have a bad day.  Not to mention, its going to create a bad day for ALL bitcoin users due to those who are abusing it.
@_date: 2013-12-05 12:56:54
See my above comment, this person does NOT understand how bitcoin works.
@_date: 2013-12-05 12:56:38
You understand the entire record is public and not anonymous right?  Thats why there is a call for a currency that is fully anonymous.  There are a few trying to come up with solutions which may ultimately get implemented in bitcoin.  As of now via meta data tracking you can link individuals with transactions fairly easily.  
The only purely un trackable way is by buying it on the street for cash (which is possible but very impractical for amounts worth chasing down for tax avoidance) and earning it through services you offer (including mining) and then NOT cashing it out but spending it.  
Other then that you are absolutely 100% trackable with very little effort on the part of the IRS/FBI.
