@_author: senoide
@_date: 2014-03-15 13:36:31
This sort of Internet Austrian nonsense is either completely wrong or completely meaningless from a business standpoint.
How the fuck do you think Warren Buffett is sitting on a portfolio valued at $58,500,000,000? Throwing darts at stocks and fiddling his fingers, hoping to hit the right answer at the global financial crabshoot? No, his job is to evaluate business fundamentals, which is to say, to find the best approximation of businesses' Right Objective Value by looking at all available data. (To be sure, he does game the state as well, but that's not how he made the bulk of his wealth). He's mostly very good at it, which is why he's a billionaire and Lew Rockwell isn't. Yes, it's all fleeting and fragile, because it's just human consensus expressing itself as partial equilibria, but that doesn't mean it's not real.
Buffett is wrong because he's an old dude who doesn't understand technology too well, not because he doesn't understand value.
@_date: 2014-03-22 15:41:27
It's not hypocritical at all - nobody's saying Mark Karpeles would do well to confess to everything, while simultaneously telling drug dealers to STFU. It's a question of rational self-interest: if I'm Karpeles and I know I dun goofed, I would shut up, but if I'm one of Gox's victims, I would want the courts to come down hard on him, while knowing that Karpeles likely wouldn't help them in any way.
@_date: 2015-03-14 22:45:46
It matters because most of the world's population, which includes people that cryptocurrencies would benefit the most (poor people in third world countries with no access to international banking), are not white and male. If the Bitcoin services are marketed (explicitly or implicitly) toward that narrow demographic, that might alienate the rest of the world, who might (wrongly) come to see Bitcoin as nothing more than a curious toy for geeks with disposable income and time. 
Maybe those worries are unfounded, and Bitcoin will( due to its intrinsically revolutionary properties) take over the world without any need for social targeting. Still, I find it interesting to see what kind of people are attracted to Bitcoin - now and in the future. 
Plus, if Bitcoin escalates into the public consciousness like the Internet did, then the interests of the BTC community (as it stands now) will become irrelevant anyway. The vast majority of the user base will not give a fuck about encryption, coding, finance etc., and the services they will use will be ones that the current ~150,000 subscribers won't give a fuck about. It won't be cultural marxists that will implode the community, it will be Bitcoin's success itself.