@_author: senor_gringo_starr
@_date: 2018-01-08 17:57:54
First off, I want to apologize. Upon a second reading, I realize my tone above might come off as baiting or "poking the bear". I've been thinking about this since Bitcoin started making headlines a couple weeks ago and I just am not seeing the advantage of removing the regulation from our monetary system.
I guess it really boils down to one thing for me: Do I trust the masses to self regulate OR do I want to have an elected official (answerable to the public via election cycles) to oversee and regulate the rules of our financial institutions. While not perfect, at least there's someone steering the ship and if it gets off course, has mechanisms to put us back on the right course. If one company (or groups of companies) get out of line, there's an agency answerable to the public to put them back in their place. 
I fully admit, maybe I'm missing something here, but can someone explain how the market would correct itself in this situation if there were no government regulation?
1. One company with immense capital and a huge technology footprint (Google, Apple, etc.) decided to create 50-100 shell companies to mine and purchase up as much Bitcoin as they can get their hands on. They end up controlling more than 1/2 the available Bitcoin (the only currency in the world). If they hid the fact they own these companies, how would we even prevent something like this from happening (too much power in the hands of one company)?
If the ended up controlling SO much of the economy, wouldn't they effectively be a private sector Federal Reserve answerable, not to the public, but to its investors? 
@_date: 2018-01-08 18:32:42
Yes, the German Government  screwed up but the reparations imposed by France on the German people was the real culprit for collapsing the German economy, not the Government intervention into manipulating their currency. In fact, I might take it one point further.
The Treaty of Versailles imposed huge (punitive) payment on the German people. After the war, the government was in shambles was the economy was stunted to begin with. After imposing these huge fines upon the German people never really allowed them to grow their economy. It was like having a huge credit card debit, but only having enough money to make the minimum payment; you're never gonna get ahead. Then Wall Street crashed in 1929. Yes, you could make the argument that the government shouldn't be setting interest rates (which caused wide-spread borrowing), but I'd say the lack of regulation on speculation using these borrowed monies is one of the main contributing factors in the crash of 1929. 
Anyway, the crash happened (IMO) because of the lack of government regulation, this sent ripples throughout the world's economies and Germany was not able to make its payments. There was little they could do, everyone was screwed, but they did the one thing they could do; manipulate the currency. Yes, it was a bad move, but people were starving and something needed to be done. Did it accelerate the collapse of their economy; most likely. Did it cause the collapse of their economy; most certainly not. 