@_author: sentin1
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:09:52


The average person can write thousands of words without getting tired..


Who the fuck uses a typewriter.


Yeah it kind of is. The "solution" to this already exists. Enable autosave or download a word processor that has it. Do you want people to install the program for you also?


I've never had an issue splitting the cost of a pizza...splitting money isn't a reason for a new currency, anyways. You develop new payment methods. Currency has nothing to do with it.
@_date: 2014-03-15 02:51:12


because when i have USD, i don't hold the money waiting for that $1 to be worth more. With bitcoin, NO ONE buys bitcoin to make a purchase. No one says, I want 1btc so i can buy x item or visit x place. They buy bitcoin because they want the price to ride. Drugs might be exception to this but gl making a currency based around drugs.
They then buy items with the bitcoin (again, drugs are an exception) purely out of convenient so that they don't have to go back to USD. But that's okay, the merchants instantly convert them back to that precious USD\local currency because they know bitcoin isn't worth holding.
I'm not saying that there is no reason for bitcoin. In a perfect world there are a few(albeit nothing important enough to re-arrange the financial world) reasons to use it. I'm simply saying that because 99.99% of people buy bitcoin to make a profit, it's not going to last very long as a currency at all. It's not being used as a currency it's being used as a commodity.


So far bitcoin has just had disaster after disaster. Nothing about this seems safe to anyone, and so far as of 2014, there have been no safe cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2014-03-15 03:52:37


With no purpose, though.


Debit card? Wire money? There's no reason to use bitcoin outside of principle, and you can't run an economy on principle.


You can't 'save the economy money' you can only slightly lower the transaction fees.  That money wasn't just dissapearing.
Will a crypto-currency eventually catch on and become popular? I honestly don't know I'm not even cloooooose to an expert.
But will bitcoin fail? I'm 99% sure it will. I mean ok theoretically it could last but let's be real, it's still really volatile, no one is using it as a currency enough for it to become stable, it's not safe at all, and there's no reason for the average joe to switch to it.
 
@_date: 2014-03-15 01:04:55
The point is that bitcoin is useless and the only people who post here in favor of it have a monetary stake.
No one buys bitcoin in order to use it, they buy bitcoin to make money and occasionally spend their bitcoin.
