@_author: sentinelrv
@_date: 2015-12-03 04:36:05
It has always been Sunny King's intention to disable centralzed checkpoints in a future version of Peercoin once the network is stronger.
Also, the Nu Network (NuBits) was started by a group of Peercoin community members and centralized checkpoints were completely removed. We've been checkpoint-free for over a year with no problem.
@_date: 2015-12-04 04:09:05
Disabling checkpoints at any point before the network is truly ready to handle it just in an attempt to appease Bitcoiners is both risky and careless. It is reasons like this that I'm glad Sunny King takes the slow but cautious, long-term security minded approach to development, rather than fast schizophrenic development and stuffing the network with boatloads of new features.
@_date: 2015-12-03 04:41:57
As far as I know, Peercoin has never reverted to a previous checkpoint. Where did you hear this? I've been with the Peercoin community since early 2013 and have never seen this happen before. Also about checkpoints, I'll post my quote from below...




@_date: 2015-12-11 01:17:59
The creators of NuBits are actually working on a decentralized exchange that will use NuBits as the base currency of the exchange. NuBits will be tradeable with Bitcoin and other altcoins and even cryptoequities. The exchange will directly trade real assets, rather than proxy assets like many decentralized exchanges. It's called Blocks &amp; Chains (B&amp;C) Exchange. You can find out more info about it here...
@_date: 2014-06-08 00:44:06
Time will tell I guess.
@_date: 2014-04-06 02:27:17
You can start here...
NOTE: Ignore the sensationalist title. Even the author thinks it is.
@_date: 2014-08-05 14:43:05
Just wanted to note that centralized checkpoints will start to be phased out in v0.5. They're only there for early security while the network is young and while minting participation improves.
@_date: 2014-06-14 19:42:57
I know you have other other concerns about Peercoin besides the "Nothing at Stake" attack, but I thought you might find this interesting. In a recent counter-argument, Jordan Lee laid out the specific steps to replicate this attack and showed that it may not be a serious threat to Peercoin after all. Check it out if you want...
@_date: 2014-05-02 23:13:32
I agree, but unfortunately my question about Peercoin was downvoted into oblivion, even though it was maybe the 2nd or 3rd question asked. I got my answer from another question he answered though. Coinbase is the answer to altcoin support from Overstock.
@_date: 2014-06-08 19:29:01
Peercoin is working to remove checkpoints, maybe in v0.5, but first we need to work on ways to make the network stronger and more secure with more participation in minting.
@_date: 2014-04-06 04:06:27
Sunny King created Peercoin and Primecoin. He wanted a Pow/PoS hybrid coin and a PoW coin in the market. He doesn't plan on offering anymore and has commited to development on his two projects with Peercoin receiving the most attention.
@_date: 2014-06-14 20:09:02
I posted it because Jordan Lee is the person behind many of our projects, Peerunity, Peershares and Nubits. He knows the code extensively, so I imagine he knows what he's talking about.
I wouldn't really know who to show it to though. I'm sure somebody that knows how to argue against it will see it eventually and respond.  If you want to, maybe you could pass it along to somebody who knows more about the subject and would want to try and refute his argument.
@_date: 2014-11-27 22:10:57
NuBits is not like other altcoins. I agree that most altcoins are junk and scams, but have you read anything about NuBits? It's like a decentralized bank that emits a currency (NuBits), which is pegged to $1. A non-volatile crypto provides lots of uses.
Just one example, I wanted to buy some Peercoin, but I needed to buy Bitcoin first with my USD. In the time that I bought the Bitcoin and transferred it to an exchange, it had been devalued by $10. If I had bought NuBits first, I wouldn't have had to worry about the volatility risk.
It also allows you to easily withdraw a USD equivalent from exchanges in crypto form, much easier than trying to withdraw USD itself.
@_date: 2014-06-14 19:36:11
This was recently posted by Jordan Lee showing the "Nothing at Stake" attack may be no threat at all...
@_date: 2014-08-20 17:51:15
For those that like to trade volatility and take this as bad news, we don't yet know enough about it to know how it works. I'm making an assumption here, but I'm thinking it will somehow separate the speculative investment from the stable currency. If that's true, then people will still be able to trade volatile markets and others will be able to use it as a stable currency. Again though, I have no idea and am not on the NuBits team. Just passing along the news.
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:17:50
Cunicula has been around since Sunny King introduced Peercoin. He knows a lot about proof-of-stake.
@_date: 2014-09-22 07:42:55
Yes, Peercoin doesn't rely on transaction fees to sustain its network. Due to low-cost minting, it's a much better fit for OT than Bitcoin is. The entire system was designed with off-chain networks in mind.
@_date: 2014-06-07 23:40:21
Sunny King stated today in an interview on PeercoinTalk.org that he would consider removing broadcast checkpoints in v0.5. Right now they're there for security until the network grows stronger....
- "The checkpoints is there for temporary protection. It can be removed right now, but unlike some of our competitors who don't quite care about security, I take it very seriously. Last time I mentioned that even though proof-of-stake security is getting stronger during last year, we could do a lot better still."
Two things he wants to work on implementing in the near future are cold-locked minting and increased minting incentives. These things will improve minting participation. He wants to start opening up development to the community to get these features implemented. Once network security gets to an appropriate level, it will be removed, but not before then. Trust me, I want to see them removed as well, but I'd rather wait for these features to be developed first.
@_date: 2014-06-14 05:25:07
It seems as if there's no way to talk about newer technology without being labeled a pumper that's trying to scam people. It sickens me. People assume too much about others.
@_date: 2014-09-22 19:21:29
The question though is whether transaction fees will have to go up more than Peercoin's transaction fee.
@_date: 2014-08-20 19:05:49
Here is another update from Jordan the other day offering an opportunity to those who have the ability to offer exchange support and those who have the funds to help the NuBits team run exchange operations...
- **Source: 










If you're interested in helping and want more details then you'll need to contact Jordan.
@_date: 2014-06-08 01:41:22
I'm not trying to get you to invest. I'm simply telling you what the current plans are. They're not written in stone either. There's a possibility something could delay it further, who knows. If you don't believe it will happen, then it would be a good idea not to invest. It's your choice.
@_date: 2015-05-28 15:49:44
3) Profits from exchange fees will be distributed to BlockShare holders in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-22 07:38:15
Responding to the article itself, I don't think it really applies to Peercoin. They seem to be talking about the many people that are launching coins with some slight improvement, such as anonymity improvements, etc... Peercoin and Proof-of-Stake directly challenge the entire system that Bitcoin runs on. It's not just a mere improvement. It's a total overhaul of the system itself. Open Transactions may be able to provide a lot of the same features that developers are trying to build into altcoins, but they can't fix Bitcoin's fundamental problems. Bitcoin may reign for a long time, but it's not designed to last forever, especially if the majority of transactions end up taking place within OT, which would cancel out the fees that miners rely on.
@_date: 2015-05-12 21:31:51
Hmm, I was not aware of this. Thanks for pointing it out. It seems they use proxy assets correct? If it works as intended, B&amp;C will allow you to trade real Bitcoins, rather than proxy assets.
@_date: 2015-05-20 14:22:22
I believe liquidity pools like these have the potential of becoming even bigger than proof-of-work mining pools. The reason is because no expensive hardware is needed in order for people to join the pool. All you need is some available funds that you can use to provide liquidity with. Most people have access to at least some money they can use, so a large barrier to entry in pool participation has been dropped with this technology.
@_date: 2015-01-04 18:51:27
In case you're unaware, Peercoin's security comes only from PoS, so it could also be considered the first 100% PoS coin, at least when it concerns security. PoW in Peercoin is used only for initial coin distribution and it will end up being disabled at some point in the future once the community has reached consensus.
@_date: 2015-05-11 16:04:20
I just wanted to share this excellently worded post about B&amp;C by learnmore on Bitcointalk...














@_date: 2014-06-07 23:45:31
I'm not sure what you mean here, but Peercoin's network security only comes from PoS. PoW is used only for coin distribution.
Also, Sunny King stated today in an interview on PeercoinTalk.org that he would consider removing broadcast checkpoints in v0.5. Right now they're there for security until the network grows stronger....
- "The checkpoints is there for temporary protection. It can be removed right now, but unlike some of our competitors who don't quite care about security, I take it very seriously. Last time I mentioned that even though proof-of-stake security is getting stronger during last year, we could do a lot better still."
Two things he wants to work on implementing in the near future are cold-locked minting and increased minting incentives. These things will improve minting participation. He wants to start opening up development to the community to get these features implemented. Once network security gets to an appropriate level, it will be removed, but not before then. Trust me, I want to see them removed as well, but I'd rather wait for these features to be developed first.
@_date: 2014-09-22 07:31:07
OT is actually damaging to Bitcoin long-term. Peercoin is better suited for off-chain networks than Bitcoin is. This is a quote from Peercoin's intro [sticky thread](
"...one of the purposes of Peercoin's 0.01 PPC/kb network transaction fee is to eliminate blockchain bloat caused by microtransactions. As a result of microtransactions, Bitcoin's blockchain has grown massively in size, takes days to download and consumes high amounts of hard drive space. By comparison, Peercoin's blockchain remains tiny even after two years, the download time is quick and the entire blockchain is small enough to fit on mobile devices. This makes Peercoin more manageable than Bitcoin.
Even though the transaction fee has been a positive for Peercoin so far, many people are concerned with the fee heading into the future because it would seemingly prevent Peercoin from being used as a transactional currency. A major part of the story is missing here though. In [an interview]( dated 10/24/13, Sunny said:


A decentralized, censorship resistant blockchain is suitable for safe and secure storage of value, while a centralized or less decentralized off-chain solution is better for transactions due to high performance and low fees. Sunny thus designed Peercoin knowing that such off-chain networks would become important in the future.
One example of an off-chain network is [Open Transactions]( or OT for short. When implemented, OT will allow any size amount of Peercoin [or other crypto] to be transacted instantaneously, enabling Peercoin to retain its ability to be used as a transactional currency, even with the 0.01 PPC/kb fee still in place.
Another advantage is that Peercoin will handle its connection to an off-chain network like OT much better than Bitcoin. Bitcoin miners won't receive the fees from transactions happening within the OT network, which could become problematic for Bitcoin in the future once the block reward lowers. Peercoin on the other hand is perfectly set to handle this potential future due to the low cost of minting.
Peercoin and off-chain networks like OT are perfect for each other. Peercoin provides a decentralized and secure currency while OT provides fast and inexpensive tools to manipulate and exchange Peercoins in everyday life. And Open Transactions is only one example. Peercoin will be able to connect to other high speed off-chain networks as they are developed and released."
@_date: 2015-07-17 18:30:00
Hey Erik, I know you're a very busy person, but if you ever get some free time check out this history I wrote for Nu which is now listed on the main website...
I wrote this because Nu has undergone some major changes in its design since release and it was apparent that many people didn't realize this as they were still talking about the way it used to be.
For example, NuBits can now be destroyed in order to permanently reduce the supply in times of decreasing demand. At launch, we could only raise the parking interest rate, in order to entice people to withdraw their NuBits and park them, but that only temporarily reduced the supply and ultimately increased it in the end once the interest was released to those that parked. This is no longer the case as NuBits can now be permanently taken out of circulation. This has already been used to reduce the supply from 1.8 million NuBits in circulation to under 600k. The supply of NuBits will further be eroded when we introduce shareholder voted variable transaction fees in v2.0.
Another major design change is our conversion to a zero reserve model without counterparty risk, reducing the disastrous effects of exchange hackings like what happened to Nu in February when many of our main exchanges were hacked. It's a testatment to Nu's design that the peg was kept in the face of a major disaster like that. The transition to our zero reserve model was carried out by fully decentralizing our liquidity operations using the trustless liquidity pool software developed by Creon/Noerc.
You can use this history to find out about all of this. It's about 2 months old and needs to be updated with the latest info, but it's a very useful tool for catching up if you'd like. Hope that's helpful.
@_date: 2015-07-19 16:38:01
As has been said by Cybnate, this wallet is a tool to be used by Bitcoiners, just like other tools that have been released that attempt to help the volatility issue. Rather than a centralized approach though, we've created a decentralized solution. It is a complementary service to Bitcoin, not competition. It is a peg to fiat, not a cryptocurrency that can exist on its own like Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-17 22:56:29


Wow, I didn't realize that the parking interest that has been distributed so far was this low.
@_date: 2015-07-18 04:55:53
I don't really see why NuShares is a problem here. Nu is a decentralized autonomous corporation. It's business model is providing stable pegs, whether USD, Euro, Yuan, etc... NuShares and the potential for profit (whether in distributed dividends or increased valuation) are the incentive for shareholders to take great care of the pegging mechanisms. There is nothing wrong with profiting from providing a service, which is exactly what NuShareholders are doing.
Further, the Bitcoin philosophy and the philosophy of the Nu/Peercoin communities are totally at odds with each other. Nu is based on the Peershares template, which were both created by Jordan Lee. Peershares is a template for creating highly customized DAOs and DACs. Nu was the first implementation of Peershares and B&amp;C Decentralized Exchange will be the second. Here is a quote from Jordan Lee...


The quote was directed to Ethereum, but can be applied to Bitcoin as well. We believe that one blockchain to rule them all solutions are destined to fail because blockchains were not designed to do everything. The Bitcoin blockchain size is now growing at an astronomical rate. Last time I looked it was over 44 gigs. Adding all this stuff will make it grow even faster.
Compare this with Peercoin (the original PoS coin), which has been operational for almost 3 years now and is only around 400 MB in size. The reason is because of Sunny King's design choice of a mandatory minimum transaction fee of 0.01 PPC/kb, which prevents dust transactions from clogging up the blockchain.
Nu is forked from Peershares, which in turn is forked from Peercoin and it carries over this same mandatory fee for transactions. This prevents the blockchain size from growing out of control and allows as many people as possible to easily download the whole blockchain to run full nodes, which takes just hours instead of days.
The fee policy, which prevents out of control blockchain sizes combined with separate Peershares implementations for diverse business models I believe will win out in the end. I predict seeing thousands of DAOs and DACs in the future, each one providing a different service, each one working together as a group or in competition with one another. It's all based on modular design and it's a more sustainable model in my opinion than stuffing everything possible into one chain.
Of course, this is only my opinion. I can't predict the future, but it's the way I see things going and it's the philosophy I believe in. Check here in case you'd like to learn more from Sunny King about how the fee protects the blockchain...
@_date: 2015-07-17 23:52:46
With all the hackings on exchanges and other centralized services, I would personally rather just pay the fee and have peace of mind knowing that my money is safe on a decentralized network.
@_date: 2015-04-29 21:37:49
Both the Peercoin and Dogecoin community's chased them out...
- 
- 
@_date: 2015-04-28 15:12:02
The team building this has a lot of experience working on large projects. They started working together on Peercoin, created Peershares and then built the [NuBits]( and NuShares network. They're very professional in what they do and Jordan Lee is a great architect and project leader. Check out the design plans they have for this decentralized exchange. It utilizes Peershares as a foundation just like NuBits did.
@_date: 2015-04-28 04:17:14


As am I. Hopefully as more DAOs using Peershares launch, word will spread The B&amp;C decentralized exchange should help greatly with this, since it will bring many coin communities together as more cryptos are added to the exchange. People will become more aware of the technology that powers the exchange itself and will seek to use it to power their own ventures.
It doesn't even have to be a greatly customized network like Nu or B&amp;C. It could just be a simple company that wants to raise funding by selling equity via Peershares. The shareholders could then make decisions about that company in a decentralized way through the motion voting mechanism and if the company makes profit, it is automatically distributed to shareholders in the form of any cryptoasset. And if shareholders choose, they can sell their shares in the company on any exchange just like selling stock.
@_date: 2015-03-30 15:51:14
I don't believe this will be the case with NuBits, which was created by Peercoin developers and uses PoS.
The Nu network is split into NuBits and NuShares. NuBits are pegged to the dollar (1 NuBit = $1.) while NuShares are volatile and represent ownership in the network, allowing shareholders to make the important decisions necessary to maintain the peg through decentralized voting mechanisms.
NuShares are used for minting and voting. They are used for securing the network through proof-of-stake. On the other hand, NuBits (which are most likely to be held by a bank) are just tokens and do nothing to provide security for the network, thus banks wouldn't be able to use them for any evil purpose. At this time, the majority of NuShareholders have held onto their shares because of their responsibility in maintaining the network, plus the fact that they receive Peercoin dividends by holding onto their shares.
@_date: 2015-03-30 16:01:34
Opt-out of centralized checkpoints will begin with the upcoming Peercoin v0.5 release, as Sunny King has stated in his previous weekly updates. It won't remain this way forever. It was necessary to provide some protection to the network in the beginning until minting participation increased to an acceptable level. With cold storage minting also being released in the v0.5 update, (which ensures coins can't be hacked or stolen while minting online) that participation will only continue to increase.
EDIT: Also the Nu network does NOT have centralized checkpoints because of its initial distribution. Jordan Lee and Sigmike made sure they weren't part of the design.)
@_date: 2015-03-28 23:21:30
It's true that the money invested is important for the development of Teehe, but keep in mind that this will be a DAO based on Peershares, thus we'd like to have shareholders that will maintain an active role in making decisions, including proposing motions to be voted on that will influence the direction of Teehe. Peershares contains a decentralized voting system that will make this possible. You can see an example of this in NuBits. We'd like to have shareholders that will take an active role in moving Teehe in the right direction, so we'd like to know what they feel they can contribute before just handing out shares.
@_date: 2015-10-10 11:08:31
Owning that many Peercoins, I suspect you must know about its long-term potential, as it takes a completely different focus when compared to every other crypto. If not though, check this out...
@_date: 2015-03-29 03:40:29
Thanks! Just let us know if you have any questions. :)