@_author: septimus-
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:43:10
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You’re fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that’s just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little “clever” comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn’t, you didn’t, and now you’re paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You’re fucking dead, kiddo.
@_date: 2013-12-18 06:30:49
Wrong. It's impossible to get CNY into Chinese exchanges at this point, making it very difficult to invest into BTC. Bitcoin is as good as gone in China and that's what's mainly causing this massive correction. 
At the end of the day it's a good thing because the sooner those pumpers and dumpers are out of the picture, the sooner it will recover and become usable as a currency that doesn't go up and down 50% in one day.
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:17:19
If you're in it for the long haul, then these daily fluctuations don't really matter. If Bitcoin succeds, it will be worth thousands or tens of thousands in the future. If not, it'll likely be worth nothing... but neither of those scenarios is going to play out today, this week, month or anytime soon. Unless you're desperate for cash and wanted to make a quick buck, this volatility shouldn't really matter to you.
As for China, the sooner they're all out, the better off we're all going to be. The price might plummet in the interim but it will eventually recover and be much more stable and sustainable. The only way for BTC to fail is either if a critical bug is uncovered in the codebase or if the western countries decide to ban it (there might be some resistance but an outright ban is extremely unlikely).
That's my take on the whole situation.
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:10:46
@_date: 2013-12-18 05:04:43
Seems like it. I know a local guy who charges a 30% premium on coin sales. Big spread is generally a natural consequence of low liqudity. Exchanges are still the best place to get affordable coins.
@_date: 2013-12-17 02:31:28
If your government thinks it's okay to rob you at a gunpoint (like mine does), you might want to go to somwhere else to cash out your coins.
I heard there was a crypto exchange in the works in the Caribbean, does anyone know anything about that? Cayman islands are a tax haven, it might be worth flying there and opening an account if you own a lot of coins.
@_date: 2013-12-19 07:44:46
Are there any exchanges in HK?