@_author: sercunt
@_date: 2017-11-05 15:25:56
No not at all. Bitcoin is far from useless and devalueingit isnt gonna change it being unable to replace everything.
And you cant just devalue it, its not a choice, there is increasing demand.
Bitcoin has its own uses and can become worth hundreds of thousands of dollars each, without replacing even 5% of all finance.
Okay so you should realize that Bitcoin has 1MB blocks that allow for so many transactions, this keeps the blockchain small and that has its benefits. If it were to truly scale it would need blocks bigger than 8MB or increasing it every few years or another solution shoukd be found, but these changes need hardforks, which is dangerous.
This scaling has nothing to do with hashrate and miners, miners wont need to use more electricity or more miners to calculate the blocks. The difficulty only increases when theres more miners, and when mining is getting more profitable like when the price increases, then more miners come. This has nothing to do with how many transactions can be sent.
@_date: 2017-11-05 12:46:12
I dont think you understand bitcoin scaling.
More transactions doesnt automatically mean more miners. The amount of miners increase most when the bitcoin price increases. It wont keep exponentially increasing if the price stops exponentially increasing, which will stop.
Not only will bitcoin never replace everything in finance, it is unable to. And if it were to scale to allow for far many transactions, for example by increasing the blocksize limit a lot, then the required hashrate wont go up much because of that. The hashrate isnt needed to calculate the transactions, its just the algorithm makes the calculations more difficult the more miners there are which is why its increasing exponentially now, but this increasing will slow down.
But it will replace some instutional transactions, that might or might not be more or less than Bitcoins electricty cost.
Dont forget that this direct profit out of cheap electricity incenticives people to develop efficient and durable energy and might even help the speed of the transition to global renewable energy.