@_author: serialnvestor
@_date: 2018-03-26 20:26:19
It has a wallet, and a new wallet is on the way, and its quantum immune. It also has masked authenticated messaging, and better data storage properties than ethereum or bitcoin. Also, iota is in the alpha stage, it hasn't even hit beta, for where it is in the product roadmap, it's definitely not vaporware. Also, it has handled transaction spikes far better than any blockchain has due to its fundamental structure. 
The coordinator does present a chicken and egg problem for its own removal, however simply having the coordinator does not make the project vaporware. It's an issue, and one that will be solved when the network gets more hashpower.
@_date: 2018-03-30 17:08:55
Fuck cryptochristianity. This is the church of bitcoin, and we worship the one true crypto god, and his pseudonym is satoshi nakamoto. We shall never know his true name for he is anonymous, amorphous, the lord of secrets and master of mathematics, shadows, and secrecy. Amen.
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:33:09
Not to sure about education and religiosity and wealth being correlated like that. Your making two assumptions and using that to make a third assumption. Its a logical chain, but you have to remember that the older folks tend to be more religious, and the boomers have a lot of wealth.
@_date: 2018-03-19 21:48:25
@_date: 2018-03-26 16:12:55
The coordinator is an ugly thing, but its the training wheels. Back when bitcoin was first launched, if I was teleported back in time with a few antminers, I could have easily performed 51% attacks.
@_date: 2018-03-15 17:07:55
we (including have no sisters or girlfriends and our mothers are dead. Also, is sterile.
@_date: 2018-07-17 13:24:39
He made me rich when he posted his meme about litecoin moon dolphins. Before Charlie I was a debt slave for student loans to the state. Now I am a free man. Anyone who hurts Charlie  hurts me. &lt;3 Charlie Lee is the best.
@_date: 2018-04-10 16:44:40
The number of growing dollars makes the dollar weaker. And when the dollar is weaker, people like me who use dollars suddenly have to pay 80 dollars for groceries each week instead of 50 dollars. Also, until congress bumps up the minimum wage, minimum wage workers are in effect taking a pay cut. 
Then we also have the fun side effect of interest rates going up, and the real world buying power of wages going down everywhere. Add to that the fact that businesses increase prices to compensate, and inflation is a huge motherfucking problem. It hurts people, contributes to poverty, and causes children to go hungry because their parents can't afford to feed them because the government made their wages worth less.
Also, saving is a thing. When people spend their money as fast as possible they don't save. The difference between saving and not saving is the difference between a house downpayment and renting for life. That is keynesian economics, and it is evil. 
The value of the dollar DOES go down. You can track its decline by measuring its buying power. Or you can measure it against a basket of other fiat currencies:  Also, see  If the price of gold, silver, groceries, commodities, and houses and cars is going up, that means the dollar is going DOWN. 
Also seigniorage (the ability to issue tender) is not a crime. Governments and society define crime and they haven't called it so. However, mass printing of money will continue to drive the buying power of the dollar down. The civilians will be screwed and the money will be wasted in pointless wars in the middle east. Also, macro economists who say it has no value are deluded, or simply not informed. Bitcoin is a very good yardstick to measure goods and services in transnational deals. It also perfectly solves counterparty risk. Normally, escrow services are used for counterparty risk elimination. Bitcoin solves it all. 
Also, when it comes to value of exchanges, I have been trading stocks and cryptocurrencies. I know exactly how the free market works, and I can tell you right now that you do not understand what a currency that can be divided down into smaller values than the zimbabwe dollar, but with individual units worth 7,000 us dollars means. That in and of itself is the most accurate yardstick in the entire world. There will come a day when bitcoin will eat at minimum 10-20% of the value of the gold market. And it has already been chomping down on failed state currencies and places where no banks exist like africa and south america. Chomp. Chomp. Chomp. 
Bitcoin is the perfect monetary solution, and it is a testament to the strength of our existing monetary systems that bitcoin hasn't devoured them whole as of yet. 
The bitcoin end game is around 500,000 -1,000,000 dollars per bitcoin. When that will happen, I don't know, but I do know it will happen within 50 years. 
@_date: 2018-04-08 03:00:20
If you want to talk about decentralized trust for computing, I would say look more closely at hashgraph, iota and ethereum. Speaking of iota, It would be very interesting if they turned their coordinator into a smart contract and hosted it on the ethereum network. 
Bitcoin is bitcoin is bitcoin. Bitcoin maximalist forever. &lt;3
@_date: 2018-04-23 16:13:55
God damn that is amazing support. I am extremely tempted now...
@_date: 2018-04-28 18:13:00
I cashed out around december 10th because I had hit my investment goal of being able to pay my student debt. I am glad btc crashed, I'm buying more :D
@_date: 2018-04-09 17:39:15
Btc has intrinisc value, and if you don't understand it, you shouldn't be buying. 
1. Bitcoin clears in 10-15 minutes. If you try to send money via a bank, it takes days to clear, and you don't know where it is while it floats in clearing limbo. Also, the banks take fees. Large fees. Bitcoin takes tiny fees. 
2. The dollar has no value. Its just a piece of paper, and the government is always printing more in a never ending cascade. Its becoming worth less and less every day. 
3. bitcoin is a currency despite the fact that the irs classed it as a commodity. Ether might be a commodity because its used to fuel gas transactions for smart contracts, but bitcoin is a currency. The only thing it doesn't have is state backing, but states are backed by their populations, and bitcoin has over 20 million wallets.  even assuming that some people have more than 1 wallet, that's still alot of users! That's more than the population of romania or the netherlands. We don't need the government, we are the people! We are bitcoin! Hoo haa!
4. The average cost of producing 1 bitcoin by mining is around 7,000 usd of electricity. 
5. You want to buy bitcoin as a consumer and immediately use it instead of credit cards because identity theft and credit card theft is a thing. You want to buy it as an investor and hold it because its value fluctuates, and you can make lots of money by playing the market. 
6. You want to accept bitcoin as a merchant because it protects you against scammers on ebay who order goods, post a fake address and chargeback, or who say merch was damaged, chargeback, and return an empty box. 
7. I profit by shopping with it. 
8. Bitcoin isn't a greater fool argument. It is a currency, and people who play the daily swings are traders. Before the big blowout hype of 2017, it was a stable and slow growing currency and was used for exchanging value. Hopefully we can go back to those days. 
9. Great utility makes me pay 50 cents to turn 10 dollars into quarters for a washing machine on laundry day. Stop lying about "utility doesn't add value hurr durr."
10. Bitcoin should be accepted by banks and used in place of dollars because they are more transparent than dollars, and illicit btc can be tainted properly in a fifo manner to track illicit btc, and to lock it out of the system. No more funding of drug lords via laundering once everything is electronic. 
This is a proposal to extend the power of bitcoin by adding a voting protocol to it. This is not about the existing power of bitcoin, which is pretty fucking amazing. the fact that btc is worth 7,000 dollars today goes to show its absolute domination. No other world currency can match btc in both absolute price (7k) and minimum unit (1 sat is less than a hundredth of a penny.) 
You are spreading irrational fear, lies, and misinformation when you claim btc doesn't have intrinsic value. You are attacking my idea because you want the price of btc to go down, simply because you want to buy some, or your envious that a friend bought some and you didn't, or your just cynical. Either way, ugly stinky emotions. Go somewhere else, or buy into btc with me, and praise the lord of btc, satoshi nakamoto. Praise be unto his holy and most valuable name.
@_date: 2018-04-23 17:12:28
It is time to take decentralized exchanges to the max. 
Cryptocurrency is a tool to destroy the ability of government to control money, surveil people, and control their lives. Cryptocurrency will break governmental control over all victimless crime.
No more laws to stick people in cages for eating things by their own choice, that make them feel funny and might kill them.
No more laws about who people can and can not fuck. Prostitution makes it possible for guys who don't have social options with women to have some enjoyment out of life. The alternative is to ignore the need, get depressed, commit suicide, try to find a girlfriend and get rejected yet again because of an ugly face, or go rape somebody. Depression, suicide, rape. Or we could have prostitutes. Shut the fuck up sanctimonious christians, we know what you do with the choir boys. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 22:37:53
Well the bitcoin itself has no value, however what is backing bitcoin has value. The only thing backing the monetary supply of the united states is the whims of a single man. The only thing backing bitcoin is the whim of an unchanging, unthinking, distributed, undestroyable entity that exists solely to validate transactions. Go fuck yourself fed chair. Your government is worthless, wishy washy, and greeeeeedy. So fuck off!
@_date: 2018-04-09 22:52:40
I think the question you should be asking is why does western union charge so much? Even if bitcoin were worth $1, it would still be cheaper to send money than by western union. 
Also, you are making a mistake when you say the value of the dollar is carved in stone. Here is the value of gold against the dollar: 
Here is the value of a big mac all over the world.  So, what does this mean? It means its a bad idea to buy Kroner, and a good idea to buy pesos and rubles. 
Lastly, you can't seize my bitcoin. The 13 word combination is in my brain. Memorized. You can destroy the file, but with those 13 words, I can resurrect my wallet. You can try to copy the file to your computer but it is password protected. Those bitcoins will last forever. There is no way to inflate or deflate the number of bitcoins in circulation. Dollars will burn away once america goes bankrupt, but bitcoin will remain. Alone. Solid. As eternal as the millions of computers running full nodes.
A system that is instantaneous, eternal, incorruptible, and not subject to the whims of elected men is far more stable than the whims of men like trump and his ilk. 
@_date: 2018-04-10 15:04:24
Here is the problem with your obligation theory. The number of dollars (and dollar obligations) inflates. 
Secondly, the fed charges interest to banks. But, where do banks get enough money to pay the entire sum back+ interest? They can't, because the people can't. And then what happens when obligations are not met? 
Every single day, there is quite a few bankruptcies somewhere in the united states. Where do those obligations go? 
And finally, let's put the nail in the coffin. If the dollar were subject to your theory of the dollar holding real value beyond the market:
If this were true, it would be immune to the market forces of supply and demand. Supply and demand govern commodities. And yet, when the federal reserve prints dollars, the value of the dollar goes down. It is called inflation. The value of the dollar is a hallucination, and it is especially bad because many of the worlds dollars are not on the market right now. If the dollar had no value, people would not work for them. Soldiers would not work for them. Police would not work for them.
Now, lets compare the dollar to the value of bitcoin. Bitcoin has a set number of units. It is not subject to the whims of fed chairman. It will last long after the dollar has ceased and the american empire has collapsed. As such, bitcoin far outperforms the dollar on the free market. Bitcoin is a currency, and it is going to eat the dollar alive :D
@_date: 2018-04-10 17:56:31
First point: The reason you have to spend bitcoin is that its free to spend. Compare to credit cards that charge 3-4% (sometimes more) per transaction. 
Second point: After 21 million, the cost of production of a bitcoin is infinite. There is no way to produce more. We have not reached that point yet, but we are in an exponential expansion towards that point that has held for over 5 years. The expansion is backed by math in the core code of bitcoin that cannot be changed by anybody. 
Third point: Bitcoin already is a monopoly in terms of the most expensive single unit of value. 
Fourth point: Selling pressure is fine. That means that merchants are accepting bitcoin, driving its network effects and helping it devour more dollars in valuation. 
Fifth point bitcoin does its boom and bust thing all the time. Its economic cycles. Normally, bubbles don't reinflate. Bitcoin has had about 10 major bubbles, each one making the bubble before it insignificant. We are 1-3 years away from the 100k price point by the long term trend. 
Sixth point I pay bills in bitcoin. I shop online with bitcoin I live in a bitcoin world. You live in a dollar world. Your money is not your own. If a bank want's to they can divest you of all money. A stock brokerage can divest you of all stock. The state can take your home. But nobody can take my bitcoin. I don't care if you are the NSA, working in concert with the FBI having the backing of an act of congress, under direct order of the president. My bitcoin wallet seed is memorized. My wallet is encrypted with a 20 character phrase, using a mix of characters, numbers and special characters. You have no hope of divesting my bitcoins from me. You can throw me in jail, kill me, do whatever you want, but I have full power over my property in a way you never will unless you move to the blockchain.
@_date: 2018-04-10 20:13:29
Let's take a bet. 
In 3 years from now, if bitcoin is higher than 50,000 you will give me a month of reddit gold. 
If bitcoin is lower than 50,000, I will give you a month of reddit gold. 
:P Nothing burns like the shame of having to gild your debate opponent and admit he was right.
@_date: 2019-07-20 18:59:35
Tesla Roadster. Specifically a tesla roadster that has been to space. You know which one I am talking about. :)
@_date: 2018-09-04 23:27:29
I expect it to be kentucky fried chicken, not kentucky fried rat, or kentucky fried dog...  
But then again, you might not know the difference seeing as you cook in thailand.
@_date: 2018-09-05 19:02:24
Memish moonboi response:Oh stop it with this false hope stuff you fool. Tis the season' to thank satoshi and rejoice, for shortly thy dollars can obtain MOAR bitcoins! If your feeling frisky, sell 10% of thy stack and rebuy in later. Don't buy, save for the holy 6k support line. If you must buy, place a buy order at 6100 and forget it.
Serious response:Right now, its not the time to try to pump up the market. The price is obviously collapsing, and we need the 6k support to hold. Why? Well btc is forming a very protracted descending falling triangle. See: [ Falling triangles can break down, or they can break up. If you trace the two trend lines, we are coming to the end of the falling triangle, and we are on the descent. That is Hella dangerous. What this means is that we have a chance to break to the downside if we don't have enough support, but if we do have enough support, we bounce and at that point, we break for the upside. So, what is the wise move to do for now? Sell your trading stack. I won't say sell your hodl stack, because this is btc, and btc is valuable. However, sell the trading stack now, and put in a buy order at 6k. The reason for this is that you can trust yourself to buy the bounce resistance point, you cannot trust a short seller to close their shorts at 6k. They see that and just get greedy. So take the short sellers options away from them. Sell, drop the price down asap to 6k, and bounce it. If we do that, properly, we can retest the descending resistance line, and quite possibly break it to the upside which would mean a bullish pattern full breakout. I put my money where my mouth is, and in 2 hours AFTER I make this post, I will sell my btc for usdt. I have not done so yet, because to make a Fud post after I took a bearish action is dishonorable. Regardless, stay safe, and lets try to keep btc above 6k. If it breaks below 6k we will all be crying lets not let that happen.  
EDIT: Their is always risk in trading. I jumped in and started trading btc last year. I turned 4k into 60k on the wave up, and I sold at 65k on the way down. I have been trading for a year, so I am still a noob compared to many people here. My advice isn't rock solid, and I don't guarantee you will make any returns with it. However I stand by my own advice, and I put in my trade just now for a sell of .5btc. (which is my entire trading stack)
@_date: 2018-09-02 22:44:48
Only reason to move to binance is to buy other cryptos. Binance does not offer a fiat exit, and coinbase is better than binance for ethereum/bitcoin transactions. The mystery party only has a couple of options. Buy altcoins, move btc off exchange, or do nothing. I wouldn't trust this much on exchange, so...
So we are going to see an altcoin moon and a btc crash....
@_date: 2018-09-03 03:46:45
Well, I think they will buy a crypto that they can take positions for on another exchange, and buy on binance to spike the price there. The one I am hoping for is iota, but theres lots of others.
@_date: 2018-09-04 13:24:04
So, you can try, but you will find that bitcoin users are remarkably adept at hiding themselves behind hidden tor services, vpns, and dead drops. You will also find that we are widely distributed around the world, and without a worldwide consensus among all governments to kill us, we aren't going anywhere. 
@_date: 2018-08-16 13:22:32
20-30 bitcoiners should show up as a party. Proceed to buy hundreds of dollars of food. Offer to pay with bitcoin. Bitcoinbistro owner refuses to accept. Party walks out. Bitcoinbistro guy now has lost hundreds of dollars as punishment for deceptive marketing.
@_date: 2018-08-16 14:09:33
Actually, even better they could hand the bitcoin restuarant owner a paper wallet full of bitcoin for payment hahhahahhahaha
@_date: 2018-05-17 15:41:48
Not really. If its cheaper to use solar the bitcoin miner will buy solar power. if its cheaper to use gas the bitcoin miner will buy gas power. If its cheaper to buy coal, same thing. However, a group of bitcoin miners will saturate the solar market, causing gas and coal to become far more viable than they currently are.
Also remember if we came up with a way to do hashes for lower power costs that would also solve this issue.
@_date: 2018-05-21 20:11:06
All markets assume identical barriers to entry for all competitors. However, first mover advantage can distort barriers to entry and result in what should be a free market being turned into a semi-free market that oscillates between free market and oligarchic monopoly based on the current state of competition.
The reason that there is ONLY one cable company to choose from in the vast majority of america is primarily due to big cable fighting startups through every possible measure, including price. I got a massive cut in my cable bill when my town got a small internet provider. Later, that internet provider went broke. Then prices on my internet bill went up by over 40%.
This shows that cable companies are quite cognizant of competition, and use their existing size to drown competition. Of course, if competition coordinated and popped up everywhere at once, then the cable companies would have a run for their money. However, that simply does not happen because laying cable is expensive, and the barrier to entry is enough to prevent competition from being simultaneous. Cable can then leverage their size to crush local upstarts.
That is what government should prevent, but they are not preventing it in cables case or walmarts case due entirely to regulatory capture. Now imagine a world where ALL industries experience this type of capture without any guidelines? That is a hellscape.
@_date: 2018-08-20 18:53:59
Ok, post your wallet address! :)
@_date: 2018-08-20 18:10:39
You know that bitcoin can be traced right? There are blockchain analysis companies that the fbi can hire.
@_date: 2018-05-21 22:02:22
I would say that governments are effective at things other than waging war. However, government spending on the military (especially US spending) is horrendous. 
Patent laws. Insurance market pricing. Emergency room funding. Funding for poor children. 
As a society, if you start ignoring these, you will end up with some people dying. And there is absolutely no free market solution today for ensuring a child at the age of 3 survives into adulthood to become a good worker. However, if we simply ignore these children and let them starve, we get a scenario where a society goes childless. Oh well, humans are good for nothing anyway, replace them all with machines. 
Capitalism does not fix everything. Unbridled capitalism results in as nightmarish and totalitarian a system as unbridled communism. The one thing that marries communism and capitalism is that they put money (and how much of it one had) before people. 
Money is just a number, and as a fellow bitcoiner, you should be more aware than most that money is nothing more than a collective hallucination. Put people before money, otherwise your no better than a fiat bankster.
@_date: 2018-08-16 13:47:44
If you won't accept bitcoin take the name out of the restaurant name.
@_date: 2018-08-16 14:56:29
Well then fill up a paper wallet with payment + generous tip, hand it to the owner and walk out the door. He will have to learn to swim in the bitcoin world, give him a generous tip while he is at it! Bitcoin businesses accept bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-29 16:48:26
Well then he would be a poor satoshi :P
Nobody can resuscitate themselves from death, and although satoshi is the most deserving of all humans to get the resurrection card, I doubt he will get it. I cannot think of a more noble and fitting end to satoshis coins than to become part of the ether of bitcoin. Perhaps even a commemorative "this was part satoshis stash" notification.
@_date: 2018-08-20 19:37:18
No its not magic, and if I asked you to track my credit card transactions, without a credit card number or a merchant, you couldn't either. Give me a thread to start and I can pull it all up. Put up or shut up.
@_date: 2018-05-25 15:35:29
Let's say the value of the dollar went down. Real estate markets factor in how much the house nearby them was sold, and how much the house was originally purchased for, and owners are not usually factoring in inflation. They are ecstatic they can sell for more. Woohoo. 
So, real estate markets lag fiat markets. Also, without external comparisons, most people are blind to the fluctuations of currency. So the only thing that they see is a rising price or a falling price of bitcoin, not a rising or falling price of the usd. 
So, this would be great for bitcoin over a medium term. As the USD dwindles, btc gains more buying power against usd, and against real estate it gains tremendous buying power because real estate is lagging. 
Now, a fast crash is... more speculative. In a fast crash, money is looking to flee as far and as fast as possible to safe havens. That means gold and real estate to traditional investors \(remember lagging real estate prices\) But bitcoin...? For people like me, I would take out loans to buy more bitcoin in the event of a crash, but normal folks are not as trusting of btc, and see it as a remarkably volatile and risky asset. \(which I agree with on the volatility side\)
TBH, I would probably move to ETH in the event of a major crash, because eth and iota seem to have more of their shit together.
@_date: 2018-05-29 16:21:28
No it wouldn't be just anyone. It would be miners and it would be a special transaction, and it would have to be approved by the entire network.
@_date: 2018-05-22 04:30:11
I would prefer to live in a society where use of force is monopolized and locked away behind law.
@_date: 2018-05-29 17:57:30
no, its not theft. When people are dead, they are dead. We have a real world and eventual problem that someday mining rewards will be 0. Thats not cool. Bitcoins are slowly disappearing into the mist, and we need to recoup them or someday the entire network will be done to one bitcoin. Or less. Being traded around by everybody, forever getting smaller. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 15:35:04
Humanity and their interactions are the substrate to ANY currency, crypto or otherwise. 
Extreme energy usage will directly harm the substrate of transactions through two primary drivers:
1. Drive global warming by making electricity production more profitable, and by matching any new energy supply with new energy demand. Bitcoin may be eternal, but global warming can kill our civilization in under 500 years.
2. Outcompete other industries on electrical costs and drive costs up. 
And what do we get for it? We already have enough hashpower to laugh at any nation state and tell them to fuck off. Even if the entire united states government tried to launch a 51% attack on us, it is doubtful they would be successful. To be clear, bitcoin's energy usage today isn't that much of a problem. Its energy usage going forward IS A MASSIVE problem, and we need to fix the energy usage before governments around the world attack us by launching a cryptocurrency that directly competes with bitcoin and then outlawing bitcoin use, and requiring all credit card companies work with the new fedcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-16 14:08:42
Party then sues for deceptive marketing :D
@_date: 2018-05-17 15:13:01
However, the network is meaningless if the substrate it is meant to manage falls apart due to the network's energy usage. 
@_date: 2018-08-16 18:41:30
Well then accept them!
@_date: 2018-05-14 17:58:55
That is even more stupid. Bitcoin has value because it is bitcoin, and for no other reason!
@_date: 2018-05-14 14:55:22
What did I just read....
@_date: 2018-05-29 18:20:50
And when a single transaction costs 1 satoshi to execute- and no block rewards occur other than those single satoshis, then what?
@_date: 2018-05-14 17:16:55
So to paraphrase...
Some unrelated gold mining company out of africa is going to have a bot predicting whether they go up or down.
\~That's fine.
Then if the bot does great and gets an awesome prediction streak going, the bot's predictions will be given more weight.
\~That's sensible, but shaky. I will roll with it. 
Then, anyone who owns cryptocurrencies can redeem the future forecasts for their own cryptocurrencies using the same algorithm as the one that predicted the gold market...
\~Wait wut?
1. Correlation is not causation, and there is ample argument for gold and crypto to correlate and negatively correlate. For example, goldbugs could be selling gold to buy bitcoin \(I know I have\). Normal folks could be selling shares to buy gold and bitcoin. Or people could be selling shares to buy ONLY bitcoin. The prediction market should be based on pure crypto, not on an unrelated second asset class.
2. Prediction and trader bots are great, and are excellent at front running, and making profits on small market swings, etc. However, unless your trading with a bot yourself, getting predictions from a bot really does nothing for strategy.
3. Bitcoin derives value from people. Houses derive value from people. Gold derives value from people. Fiat derives value from government, which derives authority from people. Shares derive value from corporations, which are influenced by government and derive value from people. Bitcoin doesn't need to be backed by anything. Bitcoin has the same backing level as the united states government, perhaps more so because the us government is gerrymandered, and controlled by banks and corps. Bitcoin is the most real thing there is.
@_date: 2018-05-21 17:30:29
So... would you like to not have all of the services that government bureaucracy pays for?
defense against monopoly
@_date: 2018-10-25 12:04:42
Its proven feasible on test nets, but it relies on high volume, and high volume isn't coming until qubic launches. Then, volume will be going to the moon. But this is not about iota, this is about launching a dag as a side chain to btc.
@_date: 2018-10-25 04:45:01
Not really. iota is a Dag that is in the process of decentralizing their coordinators. Ultimately though, the way they will decentralize is through some complex rules involving random walks, and lots of transactions per second that make 51% attacks impossible. And you don't need authority nodes. You just need a provable path of transactions back in time. Just like how blockchain has a provable path through the chain, so too can a dag have a path back through multiple seperate nodes to rebuild a discrete history. But... why would you want to run a dag on btc? They are two completely different techs. 
@_date: 2018-10-25 19:26:29
You are not understanding the core concepts here. The iota structure cannot function in a low volume environment. The best comparison is to jet engines. Bitcoin is a jet engine that can start from 0 and ramp up. However, it has limits that are hard to break on the speed side. Iota is a scramjet. If you fire it up at 0, it will leak fuel all over the ground, and start a fire. However, if you start the engine while going supersonic, it creates a propulsion ploom that can take you multiples of the speed of sound. 
Yes the lightning network is amazing, but again the lightning network is not about transmitting data. It's about moving money. If you want to upload sensor data to the blockchain, or even prune old transactions from the blockchain... goodluck and you can't. 
In iota, you get to prune the transactions you want to prune, so you can manage your internal memory and you can also store massive amounts of data there. You can store entire movies inside of a mam stream if you wanted to. You can't do that on blockchain! Also, it has real world exposure, its publicly traded, and its security is being tested by hackers all the time. Just like bitcoin was tested in 2011. 
Iota is not the next bitcoin. Iota is its own thing and its going its own direction, and to answer the original question, iota is the best example of a dag, and no it does not make sense to run a dag as a sidechain to btc. 
However, to bash iota as a shitcoin is to completely misunderstand what it is about, how it works, what its project is and so forth. Shitcoins are stuff like dogecoin. No technical innovation. Just clone btc copy paste swap a few numbers and put a new logo on it. THAT is a shit coin. Iota has no blockchain, their code has no similarities to btc, and they use a different consensus model, and the only thing similar is the fact that they have publicly traded tokens. That's it. It's like if a soldier who was used to driving jeeps his whole life stepped into a hovercraft and criticised it for lacking wheels and a gear shift. No shit sherlock, it doesn't have them, but your jeep doesn't have fans and a pontoon under it either. xD
@_date: 2018-10-25 15:50:07
You are not getting why volume matters. Volume in iota is like hashpower in btc. Total transaction value has nothing for securing the network. Also, you know nothing about iota, and yet your bashing it. Just like how trump calls other nations shithole countries. Trumping is disgraceful, and it belongs in politics, not cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2018-10-25 18:04:38
So for your enlightenment, the iota protocol has no miners- specifically to avoid centralization issues in the long term. The kind of centralization issues that bitmain brings. When you post a transaction, you have to verify two other transactions in the mempool that verification includes a small amount of PoW. So, you verify them and then you wait for someone to verify you. The tip selection algorithm ensures that bad users are not allowed to verify their own transactions, and it forces the tangle to grow in one direction. 
However, the tip selection algorithm can be attacked in two ways, and so each method of attack needs a defence. The first method of attack is to launch a double spend, and then verify your own transaction. This method requires that the network has low volume. If you have a powerful machine and a good network connection right now, you could launch double spends, but the coordinator would catch them, and would refuse to attach any transactions of its own that references yours. The coordinator right now posts a transaction every couple of minutes, and it refuses to validate transactions that indirectly approve of double spends. 
The other method of attack is parasite tangles, but they also go away once you have higher volume. 
Of course, that brings in the fundamental question- how do you remove the coordinator? You do it in one of three ways. The first and most obvious way is to pump up insane amounts of txps. Because iota has no upper scaling limit, this is completely plausible to do. However, its not the only solution. The second solution is to require all transactions to do secondary or third level checks on transactions, to ensure they are not a double spend. That is the random walk approach, and it is feasible in today's environment, however it is still plausible for a sophisticated attacker to pull off a double spend at low volume like we have today, if the attacker were to be using asics. 
The other way to remove the foundation coordinator would be staking or company run coordinators. For example, mitsubishi could run a coordinator, and bmw could run a coordinator, and a random guy could run their own coordinator. In this case, users choose the coord runners that they trust, and if any of the coord runners decided to flag a possible double spend, other people avoid it and have to reattach on other points on the tangle. 
Again, you don't care because you think I am a shill. I am not. Iota is not competing for you, and the lessons to take away from here are technical, not monetary. A dag as a sidechain to btc would not make sense, and the usecases for iota are different than those of btc. Btc has dust. Iota does not. Btc has transaction fees. Iota does not. Bitcoin has a stronger mining hashpower footprint. Iota is more lightweight. Bitcoin is a store of value. Iota is a protocol to support quorum computation. Bitcoin is a monetary standard for humans. Iota is a monetary standard for machines. Bitcoin is rugged, simple and easy to understand for anyone. Iota is a deep and complex, and complicated well of mathematics and statistical analysis.
So, price wise, iota may go up or down. It probably will outperform bitcoin in the long term as an investment, just like ethereum did around $2. You will end up buying iota not to buy stuff from people, but to buy computation power.
@_date: 2018-10-25 13:31:14
Not entirely. The better definition is number of transactions done by separate actors. And spam is a way to get there, but its not a healthy way to get there. The best way to get high volume is to have transactions that are being done for their own sake, not for the sake of the network. That is half of why most iota folks are going gaga over qubic, because it essentially is a computer embedded in the tangle, and those transactions will not be carrying any monetary value, they will be carrying data. Its a lot like etherium, if etherium were free of gas fees, and had a higher txps. Also it enables other cool stuff like mam which I would rather not go into here, because this is about btc here, not iota. 
@_date: 2018-10-07 16:06:06
What if the pokemon strength was based on how much you had in your wallet, and all the pokemon you caught for candies were really small amounts of crypto? We could have an elemental typing associated with each crypto. 
The thought being that each crypto has a monster associated with it, and you train your monster by acquiring more crypto.
Adittional stats given from highest all time wallet balance, number of transactions sent, number received, and current balance.
@_date: 2019-08-17 23:05:03
How do you propose to be the eye in the sky or enforce either party? This just seems like counterparty risk increase from either side. Increasing number of checks reduces counterparty risk on both sides, unless your a escrow with existing credibility? Even then, how do you enforce in a situation where one side doesn't have the means to come up with a whole btc?
@_date: 2018-06-14 16:47:11
Except I am hearing reports of legal residents with greencards and permanent visas who own property and who are not criminals getting arrested and deported by ICE agents who are seeking them out. Then I hear about them looking to strip legal citizenship of people who failed to disclose their traffic tickets from multiple years before they applied for citizenship. That's fucked up. They get deported, can't access their money. 
All of them need bitcoin.
But the point is that america was an ok place before where you could survive without bitcoin. Now? Not as much.
@_date: 2018-06-19 02:30:51
Sell? Are you mad? I am buying right now!
@_date: 2019-08-03 11:31:16
In 2017, it paid off all my college debts. This year, it netted me a nice return. (i took out a loan to buy btc in march)
@_date: 2018-06-25 16:06:03
I am buying more bitcoin, and mining more bitcoin \^\_\^. Your fudding at low price! Your the retard! You have no faith!
@_date: 2018-06-25 17:34:43
No, Go-li said that mining bitcoin was only bad if you looked at it from a capitalist point of view (paying dollars to mine bitcoin that people will exchange for dollars) You however said fuck off capitalism gave you your computer, which means that your saying capitalism is good, not that capitalism is flawed. The idea that ANY sort of exchange of fiat money away from a fixed supply currency is flawed inherently. You are supporting that direction of exchange, based on the whims of the market. 
@_date: 2019-08-17 22:31:02
I am willing to do it for a certified check with you at a 10% markup. We can do it with multiple certified checks if you want to lower your counterparty risk. I will buy the btc once each check has fully cleared. It will take about a week to move money to coinbase or gdax where I would buy it under my name. I will send it to your wallet and you can handle tumbling. I live in the US.
@_date: 2019-08-17 23:00:30
Rofl. Nobody said a thing about tax evasion here...
@_date: 2018-06-25 18:08:02
Nah, your the retard. You're implying its dumb to mine bitcoin at a dollar loss. As if dollars were the standard and not bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-25 16:00:03
No you fuck off. Capitalism is fine, but keynesian economics is not. Dollars will inflate into infinity, and are therefore worthless. Mining is the cheapest method of acquiring bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-18 20:52:15
wait thats [ccn.com]( not [cnn.com](
@_date: 2018-06-14 17:59:50
Don't dis dreams. I came into bitcoin/ethereum after I had a dream about it. And I had that dream at the beginning of last year.  Bitcoin paid off all my debts.
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:45:48
Steve bannon is NOT someone we need in bitcoin. Bannon and his ilk are behind turning america from a democracy that was ok to a totalitarian state where we need bitcoin to actually do business. Great for btc adoption, but bannonites are pure poison to our brand. 
@_date: 2018-06-25 19:04:53
Two things.
First, capitalism in america is defined by who values what. In and of itself, capitalism is a great system. 
Second, I see you less defending capitalism, than defending capitalism at the behest of keynesian economics. Keynesian economics as opposed to austrian economics is what causes the great crashes. Booms and busts. You pull demand forward from the future when you use Keynesian economics. You push demand into the future when you use austrian economics.
@_date: 2018-06-14 19:12:55
Who knows. I am just glad bitcoin exists. I am hodling bitcoin, ethereum, and iota. 
I really love bitcoin mostly because it is free from developers through the nakamoto consensus and the BiPs. Bitcoin is the foundation of digitized ownership. Without bitcoin, none of this would exist.
I really love ethereum because of smart contracts and the coming PoS.
I love iota because it has the scaling speed to beat btc and eth, and has a weirdly fascinating consensus protocol. 
@_date: 2018-03-26 19:29:48
oh it certainly works currently, its just they have the coordinator in play.
@_date: 2018-03-19 22:00:16
Obviously. Also am atheist myself. However, many conservative americans especially the older ones are evangelical and rich and very very afraid of confiscation of assets by a totalitarian antichrist.
@_date: 2018-03-26 17:09:11
With risk comes reward. go 25x or go home baby.
@_date: 2018-03-26 19:19:25
The blockchain incentivizes miners to run nodes for profit. However, there are cryptocurrencies that do not do this. For example, the iota network forces all users to provide proof for other transactions. The problem for iota is that without new transactions pouring in every second it becomes trivial to perform a 51% attack on it. As such, they implemented a centralized coordinator that they claim they will remove once they get enough users. A real chicken and egg problem.
@_date: 2019-01-15 13:49:11
Aren't bitcoin addresses private/public keys random?
@_date: 2019-01-08 00:57:34
Interesting. Although this is quite vague, I can see the connection, but it doesn't actually prove anything. Who knows? CFB may well have faked the paper in 2014 and you might be just catching up now. Regardless, it is an interesting lead, and probably warrants research. Maybe. 
@_date: 2019-01-15 13:32:23
Stop lying op! You can definitely crack wallets that have sent bitcoin! And many such wallets (including some of sathoshi's) have been lying around for years! This type of article is creating a false sense of peace when we need to be panicking, moving our funds to wallets with no sends, and innovating new quantum secure signatures!
@_date: 2019-01-15 13:43:57
Actually it does. The current public/ private key scheme can only be cracked by quantum computer. For example look into factoring a multiple of two primes. They haven't been cracked as of yet, but any wallet that has made a send transaction is vulnerable. This is not fud, its plain facts. And I know this because I'm a programmer and a bitcoin afficiando and I have a degree in computer science. ._. Cheers.
@_date: 2019-01-15 19:32:14
We estimated last year quantum computers were 3-5 years out. Predicting the future is tricky and the knowledge curve is exponential not linear.
@_date: 2019-01-15 14:09:13
OK true. But I'm talking about actually random selections here. Those random selections are vulnerable to quantum attack.
@_date: 2019-01-22 14:31:38
Crypto is the antithesis to governments printing of money to devalue their base currency. The problem that crypto enthusiasts have with governments is that governments today do not represent the will of the people. They represent the will of industry, and industry represents the will of a small number of ceos who want to make profit above all else. The problem is that the ceos have their own way of making profit, which includes unfortunate things like making weapons, drilling for oil, and logging or mining substances that are harmful.
For example, asbestos mining. Asbestos was outlawed in the US, but trump ordered that we start using and importing asbestos again. Asbestos that should be noted is mined in russia. There are other materials that we can use, but instead of investing in the industry to use those other materials, the russians want to use their existing industry, because there is no profit to be had in revamping existing infrastructure for them.
And this is the crux of the problem. Trump with his actions is representing the interests of a foreign COMPANY over the interests of his own citizens. That means that we are being taxed without being represented. I would be fine with being taxed IF my government represented me. But they don't. If I as an american citizen were properly represented, the budget currently being poured like water into the middle east to fuel massive wars of attrition would be used for research, construction of critical infrastructure like roads and bridges and construction of space infrastructure like a space elevator, in addition to asteroid capture and mining missions.
But am I properly represented? No. The only people being represented are CEOS, and I am downright rebellious over it. I resent the government of the united states for giving bombs my tax dollars paid for to the saudis. They dropped MY TAX DOLLARS on little children in school buses in yemen, not once but two weeks in a row. And you know why my tax dollars were used to murder innocent children? Because it was profitable for the CEO of a weapons manufacturer to sell american made weapons to a foreign power. Over just that, I would be willing to join in armed insurrection and rebellion against the united states government if I thought it would work. You greatly underestimate how much seething hatred we americans have for donald trump, the military industrial complex, and the lack of representation in congress. But, still we have to work in the legal sphere, and challenge the party politics to implement things like ranked choice voting and bitcoin that can starve the beast and reign it in.
For me, every dollar I put into bitcoin is a dollar unit of value that is removed from the juggernaut. If bitcoin ever takes over, the dollar will die. And it will take the US with it. And extreme widespread bankruptcy would break the ceos, and the US government, and its military. And if that ever happens, I want to be one of the people who can step forward with enough wealth and value to implement systems that crush the life out of the remnants of the military industrial complex, and maybe remake it into a space industrial complex. :\\ Dreams...
But for now, I buy bitcoin. Because it is the only act of rebellion I can take without being murdered or imprisoned for life.
Also, never forget: 19 of the 9/11 hijackers were saudi citizens, radicalized by saudi clerics, funded by saudi princes, and they travelled to the US under saudi visas. The house of Saud, and the subsect of wahhabist islam IS the enemy. Osama bin laden was the poster child, but Iran is more trustworthy than saudi arabia. The only reason we work with the saudis is due to the oil and the oil politics.
@_date: 2019-01-22 15:01:01
If the dollar crashes, the entire world economy resets. Of course dragging the ceos into the streets and giving them guillotine + french revolution mob treatment is an option. But the entire system is hopelessly corrupt from the fed down. The rampant inequality is part of the corruption. But the lack of representation in congress is another issue. The problem really goes back to how the two parties literally co-opted every single state. In a perfect US, every state would be its own political party. No republicans or democrats. We are a democratic republic, and people need to remember that. We also need ways to recall senators and representatives, and we need a body to oversee the government. Mitch mcconell pulling his shenanigans with blocking merrick garland and now blocking government reopening resulting in government workers going without pay is a high crime, and in my opinion he should be tried for it in court. 
I am not against government workers. They build our roads, make our flights safe, and deliver our mail and check our food. I am not even that much against the military. I am against the ways they have been deployed. I am against the fact that the pentagon failed an audit. I am against the fact that the graft, corruption, and lack of visibility has created a murky environment where graft, embezzlement and corruption thrive. I think putting all transactions on the blockchain would force some much needed light into this environment.
@_date: 2019-01-13 05:09:35
The ONLY good reason was the 2018 reason. Time to buy :D
@_date: 2019-01-16 20:54:38
You should not lobby for tax reductions on capital gains. 
You should lobby for no taxes on transactions that are not bitcoin-&gt; fiat. Ie if you spend your bitcoin to buy groceries.... no taxes. If you spend your bitcoin to buy ethereum.... no taxes.