@_author: seriousaccount0
@_date: 2015-06-02 07:16:57
I don't think it's directly immoral because all you're doing is providing someone with an item (or possibly a service). I don't like to blame people who aren't directly responsible because it leads to finding anyone who had even a tiny part in something guilty of murder. I think it just takes away from the fact that it was one person who committed the murder. The one who pulled the trigger made the choice to kill. Everyone else may have helped, but how do you evaluate the percentage of guilt that person should have? I think people get carried away charging people with barely any involvement with a crime. 
However, while I don't believe there should be legal penalties for being an accessory, if I knew someone deliberately helped to murder another peaceful human being, I would shun that person and encourage that he be ostracized so as not to condone such behavior in the future.
I hope that made sense, I feel like I'm rambling tonight.
@_date: 2015-06-02 03:10:49
But 30 years from now, there will probably be more people conducting even more transactions. Not just because of increasing population but because of increased living standards among the world's poor.
@_date: 2015-06-02 05:42:08
I am not in the minority. There are many laws, and many people believe that certain laws are immoral. And some laws are just completely asinine.
Nor do I need to defend any position in this case. The law that currently exists is forced upon me, and everyone else, by a government that I never consented to and do not support. I believe that government is just a monopoly on the use of force, that the initiation of force or violence is immoral, and that voluntary institutions should replace the functions of government.
Therefore, I do not believe the government has any right to impose its version of "law" upon us, though obviously some laws are nearly universal, like proscribing murder and rape. The penalties and the ways of dealing with violations of law are also dictated by government, and I do not believe that putting people into cages where they get raped and tortured for years is the best way of dealing with those violations.
However, I do not need to defend my position, because I am not forcing my belief on anyone. The government, and those who support it, are forcing their beliefs on me, and forcing me to support it financially through taxes and to obey it, even when obeying it is immoral, and when government is the cause or the prime driver behind poverty, racism, war, sectarian violence, global climate change, and trillions of dollars of wasted productivity and resources.
* And just to be clear: you think being an accessory to murder is not immoral?
It depends on what you mean by being an "accessory". I think it's a vague accusation, and Ross Ulbricht is certainly not an accessory to any murders.
@_date: 2015-06-02 03:24:11
He was an enabler, but what he enabled (i.e., buying and selling merchandise, completely voluntary, non-violent acts) was not immoral.
@_date: 2015-06-02 04:20:04
* Why was it not immoral? If someone is addicted to drugs, is it a moral act to let them destroy themselves?
You aren't "letting them destroy themselves". What you're saying is that it's ok to control people for making choices that you don't agree with. If someone is happier getting high and dying early instead of staying sober and living longer, that is their choice. We are not their parent or guardian. We do not make their decisions for them.
* If someone is trying to kill someone else, is it a moral act to sell them cyanide?
These are two distinct acts. Selling someone cyanide and killing someone else. Selling cyanide is neither moral nor immoral, it's just a transaction. Society might shun the person selling cyanide to someone else if that person knows that it will be used in a murder, but the act has no morality attached to it.
* Is it moral to sell kilos of cocaine to third party distributors which will then go on to fuel drug related violence in some of the poorest communities in the US and abroad?
Again, neither moral nor immoral. You aren't responsible for what someone else does. I am not responsible if I sell you a bottle of whiskey and you get drunk and go for a drive and hit someone. I might have known that was likely to happen, but it's not my responsibility to police your behavior. You own your actions, not me.
* Whether drugs should be legal (Yes, with caveats) 
No caveats. There should be no laws of any kind regarding drugs. No law can get rid of the demand for drugs. That demand is there regardless of any nannying the government tries to do to us. What the laws do is try to affect supply. They make it riskier to sell drugs, which drives the price of drugs up, which makes it more profitable to sell them. Which means more people want to get into the market to fulfill the demand that already exists.
* whether Ross operated in a way that mitigated harm to the users of the silk road.
Ross isn't responsible for any harm that the users of the silk road brought to themselves. He simply provided a platform for people to conduct peaceful, voluntary, non-violent transactions. He is not responsible for the behavior of other people.
* There is ample evidence that he did not, the site practiced almost no risk mitigation whatsoever, and was designed to expand the market without regard for the consequences to the users or anyone else.
Nor should he have to worry about any of that. Ross isn't your mom or anyone else's. Anyone who used the Silk Road service was a mature adult able to make his own informed decisions.
* These types of actions have effects beyond the end user
All actions have effects beyond the end user. You are not responsible for the endless chain of cause and effect that flows from your actions. You are only responsible for the proximate effects of your actions, and only then if you violated the property of someone or injured him bodily..
@_date: 2015-06-02 05:06:03
I did not speak to its legality. I spoke to its *morality*.
This applies to both of your points.
It is a shame that people assume that morality is defined by the law, which is monopolized by government. For example, it is illegal to drive without a driver's license. Does that make it immoral?
@_date: 2015-06-02 05:46:45
It really is a shame that people think morality is derived from the laws, which in turn are passed down by government. This takes the personal responsibility for developing one's own morality away from the individual and assigns it to the bureaucratic whims of a violent monopoly (i.e., the government).
Edit: Guess the Nazi Youth Corps decided to downvote me.
@_date: 2015-06-02 05:36:31
It would be, but I'm saying that it is not immoral and therefore should not be illegal.
@_date: 2015-06-02 18:32:50
I'm basically equating "immoral" to "violates the Non-Aggression Principle". I don't believe being an accessory violates the NAP. No, I don't think immoral = should be illegal. I do think that in a polycentric legal system, most (but maybe not all) private courts would have murder as a crime that would require restitution of some kind.
@_date: 2015-06-02 06:03:32
I wasn't ignoring the question. I had a different perspective on it than you did. Once you start throwing out insults, though, I shut down, because the conversation becomes unproductive.
No, I personally don't think it's immoral to be an "accessory" to murder as you've described it. As an accessory, you're not initiating violence, though you are facilitating it. I wouldn't condone being an accessory to a pre-meditated murder, and I would probably shun such a person, though I don't think that it is actually immoral. But supplying alcohol to someone who you thought would drive drunk...I don't think that's being an accessory.
As for bringing Ross Ulbricht into it, I'm probably confusing this post with another one. You're not the only person I'm talking to on Reddit tonight, and it's kind of confusing. MY BAD.
Edit: Honestly, I'm talking to way too many people at once and it's now getting very confusing so I think I'm done with talking to Reddit people tonight.
@_date: 2015-12-23 22:07:23
Government *is* corruption. The two are synonymous.
@_date: 2015-06-02 03:06:38
He's making good points and you're just being sarcastic and setting up a strawman.
@_date: 2015-05-07 20:46:49
You will get taken advantage of very easily by doing this.
@_date: 2015-07-01 08:57:21
I don't know why these people are fighting you. You are making a valid point.
@_date: 2015-04-28 23:53:41
So how can use this to scam him back?
@_date: 2015-04-29 03:15:35
Was with you right up until that third paragraph there, where you re-defined capitalism to mean "crony capitalism" and suggested that laws (regulations, I guess you mean) would make things better.
@_date: 2015-04-29 14:19:39
None of what you said is correct. Wealth does not naturally move into the hands of a small group of a people in a capitalist, or free market, society. When people are free to choose how to spend their money, those who are the most productive are the ones who earn the most money.
Workers organizing has nothing to do with it. I'm not sure why you brought that up.
However, in the United States, we do not have a free market. We have what has been referred to as "crony capitalism", where government has drafted legislation and regulation to benefit certain businesses at the expense of others. This results in industries where there are only two or three "top" companies that all play by the government's rules, while the rest struggle to compete on an unfair playing field.
* it's more about having laws that redistribute wealth to keep the engine running.
Wealth does not need to be forcibly redistributed. The U.S. government does exactly that, though, which is why we are seeing the huge gap between the 1% and the rest.
@_date: 2015-09-21 12:48:48
Well, I've made 12%, so I think you're just doing it wrong.
Edit: Not on BTCJam though. On LendingClub. My bad.
@_date: 2015-03-04 18:34:07
I'm talking about what Karpeles took. Unless the Feds took his money. I don't really know that much about it. The Feds took from Ulbricht, didn't they?
@_date: 2015-03-04 17:50:27
Doesn't matter where the "missing millions" are. We know who is responsible for taking them, so we seize the assets of those responsible.