@_author: serverguy247
@_date: 2017-12-08 12:09:07
This is how I see it...
At that time, I think that was definitely the right decision.  You were not to know bitcoin would rise in the way it has.  In the same way that you had no idea what the winning lottery numbers were that week.
If you look back and regret missed opportunities, where do you draw the line?  You know now what those winning lottery numbers were for last week.  Why oh why didn't you buy a ticket and choose those numbers!?  You are a fool!  The right answer is "how on earth would I have known them at that time?"  and its exactly the same for bitcoin decisions.
For that matter, why didn't you buy apple stock 5 years ago?  Why didn't you buy Tesla stock?  Why didn't you get that coffee at 9:02am instead of 9:04am which would have meant you bump into the VP at work and somehow land that fat promotion?
I am getting a little "out there" but I hope I made my point.  What happened happened, nothing you can do will change it and there is no point lingering on it.  Just make the right decisions in the moment based on the information you have at that time.  You did that and you made the right decision IMO.
@_date: 2017-08-12 00:51:49
Depends what happened.  Economy / bank collapse?  Internet will be up.  
We goto war (but not bombed yet) economy could take a pasting and I can formulate a plan.  Yes...  If I am on the receiving end of an attack, nothing I can do.  But you usually know before shit is about to "go down".
@_date: 2017-08-12 09:07:46
What would you convert them into?  Say the US went to war (a nasty one) and it was not going well (I know).  The dollar would drop a huge amount and you might get hyper inflation (google it for examples).  When that happens your dollar becomes worthless in a matter of days.  No-one would "cash out" everything as it would be worthless in a week.
More likely people would switch to bitcoin as their currency or some kind of blackmarket would pop up where people would just cash out tiny amounts daily.  
That or we would switch to "caps" fallout style. :D
@_date: 2017-08-12 00:56:04
Bills kept coming and internet stayed up in 2008.  Several banks collapsed then and its in-fact what triggered the launch of bitcoin (because of this very scenario).