@_author: settable
@_date: 2015-06-13 06:52:53
just do a demo with one volunteer. Everyone will see the person's reaction, and that should do the trick.
@_date: 2015-06-06 16:46:47
this is true. I bought around then and I remember feeling the exact same feelings expressed in this post as the price just did nothing for like 2.5 years. Good news after good news, and nothing happened, and then when it got to a point that almost all the optimists who COULD be turned pessimists were turned and shaken out of the market, the price started to climb.
@_date: 2015-01-25 18:57:00
It would have to be through a service like coinbase to be as simple as CCs, but it can be pretty damn fast to pay with bitcoin:
&lt;a data-amount="$FareInDollars" href="bitcoin:bitcoinAddress"&gt;pay for your ride!&lt;/a&gt;
Tap the link, your wallet app opens and asks for confirmation. Click send.
@_date: 2015-05-03 21:21:26
Let me try giving a simpler explanation. The problem with digital money is that digital stuff can be reproduced at basically no cost at all. I can, for example, send you a photo in an email, and it doesn't cost me or you anything. With physical stuff, that's not the case. I would have to buy the paper, pay for the ink, pay for the postage to send mail you the pic.
So you have this problem with digital money being reproduced, and the way companies like PayPal have solved is they have a database of usernames and passwords and dollar amounts, and when one person sends money to another, they go in their database and make the change. Simple.
The problem is then you have to trust PayPal, and moreover, PayPal becomes a political target. It can control what kinds of transactions occur, so it can be politically manipulated into limiting the types of transactions that a powerful person or group doesn't want to occur.
Fiat currency has a different issue -- the money supply is controlled by governments who can print as much or as little as they want, and a lot of the time, politics can cause the money policy of a government to run counter to what's best for its people.
So if you want to make better money, you need have to decentralize everything.
What the bitcoin protocol is in the literal sense is a piece of code that networks all those running it. The code propagates a math problem, and everyone in the network ("miners") has the chance to guess what the answer is. 
When one node in the network guesses the right answer, it sends it out to all the other nodes, and if they agree, the answer is accepted, and the code makes a note that the node that got the answer has X more bitcoins ("block reward").
Finally, all the while that nodes are trying to guess the right answer to the math problem, they also are holding the database of addresses and the amount of coins that each address holds, and they are listening for new transactions. These transactions are shared between the nodes and recorded into a new block once a miner solves that block. That block is then stored in the blockchain, shared by all miners and is protected by the profit incentive of all miners as changing the blockchain would require all miners to agree on the lie, and in the long term, that lie would undermine trust in the network, causing bitcoin to lose value.