@_author: setzer_
@_date: 2017-12-16 14:55:17
complaining about this is such a wild thing..... I would love to see your post if everyone just snap dumps there BTC down to 8k... I almost want to see it after your display of ungratefulness
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:47:47
See you don't even realize there is a stark difference between plant breeding and genetic modification. Its amazing man. And people will just call me anti-science all day. Just wait until the new generation grow up being taught bullshit at cornell, and in saskatchewan and chicago. Do you really have any idea what goes on with genetic engineering ? its extremely complicated, despite the fact that plenty of people will tell you its an exact science, its ANYTHING but.
I hate to even post links because this is literally the most propaganda fueled topic of all time in my opinion but here is an article on the differences between plant breeding and GM plants:
And here is one studying GM plants and what is actually been done to the GM crops:
Neither of these even talk about the problems with glyphosate and pesiticides. Which is a HUGE problem altogether.
What kills me the most is how people take an opinion and just run with it like its the gospel, its generally america. Why are people like that ? I read about food probably 2 to 3 hours a day and still feel like I'm just learning. And yet some guy will be told something and SHOUT shit down my throat (not saying you are) about how anti-scienceI am. When ironically enough, that person knows nothing about science. If these GMO's are so harmless how come basically all of europe doesn't touch them ? 
The truth is people don't want to dig deeper into whats really happening.
Also, there is enough food in the world to feed people twice over, if you actually believe that there isn't enough food and GM crops are the way, you need to investigate more than just eat up (no pun intended) what people tell you. Also, look up LED farming, works great and uses much less land, but no one talks about it or give a shit because there is no patented seeds or extreme money and profits to be made off of it.
@_date: 2017-11-14 09:28:26
absolute fucking bullshit on many many accounts.
@_date: 2017-11-13 19:01:39
Yo, GMO's are fucking bad. I know all you americans think its great (surprise surprise). But the modifications to the food are terrible for health on its own (BT toxin on steroids). Glyphosate is also awful for human health without question, and these crops are designed to to be used with insane amounts of this stuff. Its bad for the planet in many many many ways, and patented seeds are a bad thing for farming around the world as well. If you wanna talk about persuasion and propaganda regarding cryptocurrencies. Just know that the food you consume is THE MOST propaganda bullshit of all.
If you dig deep enough you will see..... The truth is out there, buried so deep where people prey you will never see.
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:49:30
Thank you for mentioning this. People just love to say this stuff and have no idea what they are talking about. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 20:11:55
You're wrong again. Like I said, they spend every dollar and ounce of power to rig the information so you don't know the risks and problems involved. And whats worse is they are doing a pretty damn good job. It is not fear mongering. You will continue to live your life and consume this shit like everyone else, but if you want the truth I advise you to dig deeper, most people don't give a fuck and thats fine. There are many topics I don't give a fuck about either. Or I am unopinionated on, like wars in the middle east. My only information about whats going on is what people tell me, just people shoving news down my throat and I am supposed to accept a side and view ? I choose to be indifferent, which many people think as weakness. I WOULD RATHER BE INDIFFERENT THAN SPEW INFORMATION I KNOW NOTHING ABOUT. But in america this is a foreign concept, everyone thinks they know everything.
I know very little, and I am quite certain the food system is the most corrupt, lobby'd, shill'd, lied about topic in all of human history. Maybe the only thing greater would be some religions.
If you actually want to know some truths you could try this book: 
@_date: 2017-11-14 07:03:03
"current state of of our scientific advancements" do you even know what this means specifically ? or do you just trust "its science" and thats that? You are believing exactly what they want you to believe. People just read stuff and repeat it like scripts but actually have no idea what they are talking about, and industries spend every waking dollar and minute making sure that every single person is brainwashed into believing this shit. Sites like geneticlit3racyproject and gmoansw3rs are funded by biotech to persuade and lie to the public. I am not kidding. Organic is more expensive yes but do you know why ? It doesn't have to be this expensive. Conventional gmo/pesticide drenched food cannot co-exist in harmony with organic food, in fact it can't really co-exist with the world at all. So to produce organic food you have to have actually healthy soil and microbes which cannot be anywhere near glyphosate and conventional farming pesticides. 
Dig deeper and you will see the truth. You can't unsee it.
@_date: 2018-04-24 12:32:57
just saw this post now. word up