@_author: seyreka
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:07:29
I've been up since 8am dude. it's 5am the next day rn.
@_date: 2017-12-07 09:16:44
I personally bought 100$ more, it's small compared to my regular purchases, but just it case I can make a few dollars more.
@_date: 2018-06-10 17:10:09
As an economics masters student I can confirm that it is a complete pseudo-science. I am befuddled that there is a nobel prize for this field that cannot predict anything accurately ever. It is based on impossible false premises, you cannot test anything since everything is 100% subjective and dependent on utility (which no one knows how to take into account or calculate), and thus every calculation is filled with bullshit variables that serve no use. 
If you cannot reproduce any theorem in a field then that field is a pseudo-science. I won't deny the sociological value of great economists as they really tried to explain human market behavior, but the fact of the matter is economics cannot make any predictions about the future, just rationalise the past.
@_date: 2018-06-10 17:01:21
You have to be a different kind of stupid to think Austrian school makes any sense. It is full of logic holes and fallacies, even worse than neo-classical economics. I won't even get into ANCAP as a toxic ideology for people who think the human race got where we are right now by being selfish solitary losers.
Overall, I would not recommend any of you to dwell to much over any kind of economics since they are all unpredictable pseudo-sciences. I studied economics for years and I guarantee you that none of these models are capable of real-life prediction. They are all based on "utility" and "rationale", which they don't even define properly. Good luck getting Joe's utility, whatever that means, and calculating real-life data with it. All information is asymmetrical, and no one is 100% rational with blatant disregard for evolutionary psychology. Thus economics cannot predict real-life transactions. Macroeconomics is the only branch that makes slightly more sense since it is at such an aggregate level that it's easier to predict something. 
The only applicable use of modern economics is running regression models (econometrics) with existent data, and even then it is just statistics.