@_author: sfafoundation
@_date: 2014-04-17 21:10:21
When Virgin Galactic announced that it was accepting bitcoins, that presented us with the opportunity to run such a lottery.
We will post the video of the lottery event on our site. We will purchase the ticket in the name of the winner and they will be able to pick it up at an appointed time. The winner will be required to post their name and picture at Virgin with the ticket for confirmation. 
We have an incentive to be honest because we want to run many consecutive lotteries. If we blow it on the first one the rest are dead. As is the concept.
We understand that Tor is rife with scams; we intend to prove otherwise.
@_date: 2014-04-17 16:50:49
Because it is illegal to have a space lottery. Your government in action.
@_date: 2014-04-25 16:39:50
The Space Lottery. An idea who's time has come.
Space for All Foundation is hosting a Space Lottery.
Win a trip into space with Virgin Galactic!
The next 500 tickets are free!
Just register at our site:
To keep the sponsors safe the site is located on the Tor network.
The Tor network is an anonymous network that protects the anonymity of a website as well as anyone on the network.
You can roam the internet anonymously!
Get on Tor in one easy step:
Download, install, and run Tor Bundle from the Torproject.org: 
You will be on the Tor network in 5 minutes.
You can visit .onion sites or any other site anonymously.
If you want to buy additional tickets, you will need to get bitcoins.
Bitcoins can be easily gotten at: 
Or through  for cash.
Tickets are .0025 bitcoins or just a bit over an American dollar.
@_date: 2014-04-17 17:19:29
Most lotteries are run by governments and are heavily protected from competition. The first online lotteries were run by private individuals or companies and licensed to operate by small countries. Most private online lotteries have stopped trading as governments have passed new laws giving themselves and their own lotteries greater protection. 
This is the only way we can do this. 