@_author: sfarew42342342
@_date: 2013-01-16 16:45:21
You should be able to do a bank transfer from a bank branch even without online banking.. sure it's annoying to go there and talk to the cashier, but I guess it would work fine.
@_date: 2013-01-16 20:35:28
The central company has to be trusted to have not put backdoors into their product but this is already the case with the blockchain.info javascript wallets and people are happy enough with those.. 
There's still the issue of people rooting their own devices..
As a device for carrying around a small amount of spending money it might be a reasonable idea.
@_date: 2013-01-16 15:08:18
Quickest way is  -- direct trading with other people, pay into their bank account. It usually takes less than 10min and you get your BTC.
Another great way is to use transferwise.com to send an EUR transfer to one of the european bitcoin exchanges. bitstamp.net works well for this.. create an account on bitstamp, make a deposit request; they'll give you their bank info.. then go to transferwise and make a payment request using the bank info and transaction reference given by bitstamp. Finally you make a GBP bank transfer to transferwise to pay them. Once they receive the transfer they'll convert the GBP to EUR and send it to bitstamp via SEPA transfer. If you do this now and pay for transferwise's faster currency conversion (usually they wait and try to get you the best possbile fx rate) you could have the BTC as early as tomorrow, but it might take longer. You could also just do a SEPA transfer from your bank account, but your bank will probably charge £10 for this and give you a much worse fx rate than transferwise.
edit; ah. totally didn't read this properly where you said you have no online banking.. one option using bitbargain is their ukash vouchers.. there's on guy selling BTC for ukash;  you just go to a corner store and give them GBP cash and they'll give you a ukash voucher receipt.
@_date: 2013-01-16 16:29:26
The customers of the hardware wallet vendor would have to trust their vendor.. similar to how customers of  bitcoins must trust casascius. 
Probably you wouldn't be able to trade bitcoins between hardware wallets from different manufacturers without confirming the transactions on the blockchain.
@_date: 2013-01-17 02:34:26
too bad it's a scam. 
@_date: 2013-01-16 23:56:31
yes, they won't know for sure that they haven't been double spent until they connect to the internet and publish all their outstanding transactions and get them included in a block. 
Also, again this is similar to casascius coins received from a 3rd party - you don't know if they're valid until you rip them open and attempt to move the BTC to a new address.. to be fair though, I don't think casascius coins actually circulate much.
I dunno.. in balance it seems like it might work well enough most of the time - on the other hand you would still want to sync up to the net periodically and with mobile phone signals available most places it may not be a great burden to just do online transactions.
I guess there's also a 3rd way that might be interesting for some android wallet to implement; you could have a system for sending transactions via qr code (rather than just sending the address and publishing the transaction to the internet).. the difference being, the payer scans the receiver's address qr code, signs a transaction and the the receiver scans their transaction qr code. This allows the person spending the money to be offline while the receiver has internet.
You could also still do offline payments between trusted parties that are both offline.. really I think this covers most of the main use cases.. shops are always connected anyway because of their need to accept credit cards (I guess in theory they could still accept offline CCs but I can't imagine that working most places these days) and you only usually exchange money p2p with people you know and probably somewhat trust.
I suppose this will probably be more likely implemented with NFC rather than qr codes since it allows two way communication and gets rid of the two scanning steps.
@_date: 2013-01-16 14:17:11
Well not necessarilly, you could have the chip keep track of unpublished transactions too - as long as you can trust the chip not to doublespend then it's fine (the private keys would have to be kept inaccessible to the user and spending would take place through the cryptochip's api).
I'm very skeptical that the hardware could remain unhacked for long .. but this is the same problem that mintchip will have if it ever becomes popular.
@_date: 2013-01-16 20:59:21
not quite [big enough]( to push [wrapbootstrap]( out of 10th place on the [bitcoin ladder](
err: correction! it is! and has been updated.
