@_author: sfdonateperson
@_date: 2015-04-02 21:56:55
Way over-due, but: Thanks! It's always great to hear that people appreciate our work. :)
@_date: 2015-03-25 18:31:26
Hey all, I'm a Sunlight employee working on the donation side. As an FYI: We're currently in the process of redesigning our entire donation page. We're switching over to a payment processor that has a better way to handle bitcoin, but in the meantime we've had enough interest that we wanted to go ahead and put something up. I understand it's currently a bit sad, but priority is on fixing our whole donation process first. The link to the bitcoin address is at the bottom of our donation page:  If you have any questions feel free to ask.
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:28:40
Hey all, I'm a Sunlight employee working on the donation side. I created an account so I could answer questions. We're currently in the process of redesigning our entire donation page. We're switching over to a payment processor that has a better way to handle bitcoin, but in the meantime we've had enough interest that we wanted to go ahead and put something up. I understand it's currently a bit sad, but priority is on fixing our whole donation process first. The link to the bitcoin address is at the bottom of our donation page: 
@_date: 2015-03-25 18:07:32
Thanks for catching the misplaced link to the join page! We'll get that fixed.
To your suggestion: Thankfully what we have up now is only a temporary solution for those that went out of their way to ask us to accept bitcoin. As I mentioned in my other comment, we're planning on overhauling our entire donation page/process. We're switching over to a new payment processor which has a much better way to handle bitcoin donations and will be easily integrated into our donation page. So while what we have now is a start, we definitely have plans to improve it.
@_date: 2015-03-25 14:44:35
Sunlight employee here. It's at the bottom of the donation page now:  We sent the link directly to those who inquired about bitcoin first, and then added it to the donation page later. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me.
That being said, we'll happily accept any bitcoin donations, even if it's just to prove one of our employees isn't being sneaky :)