@_author: sflicht
@_date: 2015-12-17 23:09:45
This is actually an extremely good idea. Also would massively help in drafting legislation, which Congress fucks up all the time (even by their own admission), because it would streamline the "code review" process for lawyers. 
Additional benefits:
* It would be great to have a public record of how various provisions were merged and split. 
* It would be great for accountability to see who is responsible for each specific provision in a clear way.
* Members of the public could make pull requests, and while they have no direct say over what will get committed, there could be a public system for voting on what people like that gives better (or at least more specific, albeit probably biased) feedback to legislators than opinion polling.
@_date: 2014-04-05 13:48:04
What's the over-under on the date the network hits an exahash?
@_date: 2014-01-15 03:50:43
Don't get yourself a car. It's an obsolete technology. You'd be better off saving 80% in fiat and 20% in BTC.
@_date: 2014-04-01 21:56:43
The word is "doublethink" (Orwell)
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:16:59
Disagree. After he denies it and Newsweek fails to produce convincing evidence, the fact that they've fired McGrath will become the story. I'm optimistic things will go back to normal for Dorian soon enough.
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:21:58
Plus he probably has grounds for a lawsuit against Newsweek. If he even files that, he'll probably be able to borrow against the likely several-hundred-thousand-dollar settlement in order to install a home security system. (And if the profile in the article is accurate, he probably already has one installed.)
@_date: 2014-03-14 22:54:29
Until distributed mixing comes online
@_date: 2014-01-08 14:19:30
Charlie Shrem, you wanna fund development so that this can be used to order drinks at EVR?
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:19:16
Yes, I'll be sad if McGrath gets a raise for generating traffic instead of fired.
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:54:43
Wechat is an abomination that plagues east asia with strange chirping noises and whistles emanating from smartphones. It's kind of like an auditory plague of locusts.
@_date: 2014-04-02 23:44:49
To be fair, it's not like the quality of "official" Seeking Alpha articles is that high...
@_date: 2014-04-07 14:49:35
@_date: 2014-04-01 13:21:58
Forgive my ignorance, but this does not extend to the Square POS my local food trucks use, does it?
@_date: 2014-04-04 18:34:10
I took the course previously and highly recommend it.
@_date: 2014-05-12 16:19:33
There's some evidence (can't remember the study's authors atm) that corporate boards with more women perform better. One possible explanation is that people of different sexes have different psychological attitudes towards risk and cost/benefit analysis. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 03:15:45
I would add that credit card interchange fees are obviously set using a combination of (a) round number bias ("surely 1.5% is a reasonable fee" etc), and (b) models for fraud risk that are probably calibrated on massive datasets encompassing a huge variety of merchant scenarios from porn to teddy bears to teddy bear porn. (a) is just silly marketing and amounts to payment processors capturing rents from information asymmetry. (b) is perhaps a necessity of traditional payment processing schemes, but still an unnecessary expense from a consumer perspective, in light of the flexibility enabled by modern (cryptocurrency-based) payments processing. 
At the end of the day, consumers need to bear in mind that the technology used by payment processors actually affects the prices that are charged. Bitcoin isn't just superior because credit card companies are greedy. It's superior because it's better technology, enabling more fine-tuned control over the reversibility of transactions, tailored to the risks and rewards of a particular payments application.
@_date: 2014-03-07 05:16:22
Everyone who goes on about the amazing "donation culture of Dogecoin" versus the "greed culture of Bitcoin" should click that link.
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:22:43
Well, fortunately they're already sort of a joke, right?
@_date: 2014-01-03 18:49:08
How many chargebacks have you actually executed, in the past year, say? Most merchants are not lazy or sleazy; they value their reputation for customer service, and they know that even a one-off failure (if it is for a purchase of significant value) could result in negative press, or even expensive legal costs if they have to defend against fraud accusations. 
It's certainly true that chargebacks offer some consumer protection, but they also cost merchants a lot of money, which is passed on to customers in the form of higher prices. Offering new payment options that avoid this feature only expands choice for merchants and consumers. We'll see which choice is more popular. 
I can't begrudge you your preference for your preferred payment methods. But I'd urge you to consider the bigger picture before entirely writing off bitcoin as a payment platform.
@_date: 2014-03-03 03:44:44
Well, please don't just idiotically conflate two connotations of the word "state". The intent behind the US constitution is somewhat paradoxical. On the one hand, it's meant to embody a certain notion of self-governance that involves local representation, including a degree of sovereignty for the entities we recognize as "states" of the USA today. On the other hand it's meant to embody certain principles of democracy that transcend the vagaries of political whim within said states. Most Americans believe both (a) the federal government should not determine my property tax rate, and (b) my state government should not be free to pass laws which violate certain basic _constitutional_ rights of certain members of American society (e.g. women, or African Americans).  Do we believe our government institutions, at various levels, constrain our politicians to act in accordance with both principles (a) and (b)? I think most Americans believe this. If so, that can only be because our government institutions, including local, state, and our federal constitution, constrain the political process in meaningful ways. But the question remains, whether Americans accurately comprehend the effectiveness of existing constraints upon government power at various levels.
@_date: 2014-11-17 17:04:51
For the lazy, a direct link to the whitepaper: 
@_date: 2014-03-11 13:30:10
A "WikLicense" we could call it! Alert the NYDFS! I'm sure they'd be on board.
@_date: 2014-03-28 03:17:57
Any links with statistical details about CC surcharges in Australia? If vendors really do consistently charge 2% more for CC tx's there, I'm surprised consumers actually are willing to pay that much for the convenience. 0.5% maybe, but 2%?
@_date: 2014-03-06 03:29:19
What is the source for your strong moral intuition that insider trading is a problem that needs to be controlled?
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:26:46
I'm still waiting for a definitive analysis of the average energy cost of BTC vs fiat (e.g. ACH, SWIFT, etc) in Joules / $US_transacted, either in the current state of the world or in a hypothetical state of the world in which bitcoin adoption has reached equilibrium. On the one hand, more than one environmentally-minded person has raised this to me as an objection to bitcoin. On the other hand, I've never seen an apples-to-apples comparison, and my gut tells me that the energy cost of traditional fiat money systems is vastly understated by naive estimates. (Let's ignore, for the sake of argument, the fact that the benefits of bitcoin might be *worth* an additional energy cost, which in an equilibrium where BTC transactions are common could be offset [for example] by a small sales tax on cryptocurrency transactions, with the proceeds allocated to carbon offsets or alternative energy research or whatever your favorite form of environmental impact mitigation might be.)
@_date: 2014-01-09 02:54:18
Yeah, sure, I mean I was sort of joking. But the fact remains that BTC somewhat destroys their business model by disintermediating them, so I'm bearish on the prospects for integration anytime soon/
@_date: 2014-04-07 13:24:10
Good reply: 
@_date: 2014-03-03 03:53:47
For the sake of argument (and I do not agree with this), let's assume that the vast majority of members of society are incapable of understanding the subtleties of macroeconomically optimal monetary policy. In such a situation, it seems conceivable that one might entrust anointed central bankers with the responsibility for ensuring the order of the macroeconomy. Any macroscopic economic system requires some sort of monetary system, if it is to even approach optimality. As such, it doesn't seem to be an inherent contradiction to suppose that some sort of central banking authority should have a role in determining the course of monetary policy. Nonetheless, I think I agree with you that the best evidence so far suggests that a decentralized, distributed consensus is prerequisite to any trustworthy monetary policy, given the current technological state-of-the-art. So I guess I'm asking what we can say about an economic system with BOTH a distributed, decentralized, consensus-based monetary system, AND a role for "expert" monetary policy determined by constitutionally guaranteed, elected representatives of the populace. These features seem to impose strong constraints upon any economic system which realizes them. So I'd like to know what we can say for SURE about such systems, i.e. what theorems are provable.
@_date: 2014-03-01 04:24:20
buttercoin was a great idea, leveraging community support to create something more. but they squandered their goodwill and I don't see how they're anything more than just another exchange platform. the *whole point* was to be open source and based upon the latest technology. but their github hasn't been updated
 in 9 months. why should I give a fuck? show me the source code
@_date: 2014-03-27 23:29:22
Prices really do convey information. Especially with essentially unregulated markets that are easily moved by large block-trades by insiders and early adopters. Sure, it's mostly noise and manipulation, but there's a difference between "mostly" and "all".
@_date: 2014-03-07 01:44:03
Well, I actually think the reporter will likely be fired, but IDK about the editor.
@_date: 2014-05-07 20:55:26
If a US company pays an overseas employee in JPY, but denominates said employee's salary in USD, is the company "using yen as a currency"? I'd say so.
@_date: 2014-03-02 00:36:12
pretty bad article IMO, but hey the guy's got a nobel so he's free to slack off a bit
just another example of an economist missing the point completely, in the vein of krugman or wolfers, when they should really be thinking about the [implications]( to be fair, some economists have had [interesting, albeit not necessarily correct, things to say]( about bitcoin and altcoins. unfortunately shiller's piece doesn't rise to that level.
@_date: 2014-05-01 01:12:19
Yeah it's an appealing idea I've speculated on myself. Tricky to figure out how to get the incentives right, in particular, the incentive for the parent AC to spawn. Presumably parent should be entitled to some flow of earnings (or at least discretionary oversight of) the offspring. Perhaps there should also be some reciprocal flow ("caring for the young"). I came to the conclusion at some point (but forget my reasoning now) that the ideal protocol for this would include the possibility for offspring to vote to "kill" their siblings / parents -- in the sense of cutting off any flows. Anyhow, it's all a bit of a pipe dream.
@_date: 2014-01-03 22:49:31
I have emailed Sharon asking for a BTC address or a coinbase link on the homepage. (So far givedirectly.org does not list any alternatives to credit cards when making a donation electronically.) When and if I hear back, I will edit the post accordingly.
@_date: 2014-04-01 21:51:40
There's a phrase lawyers sometimes use: "bad facts make for bad law". Unfortunately, it seems to me that a perfectly likely outcome of this case is simply a weakening of Section 230 protections.
@_date: 2014-01-09 01:35:54
Bitcoin-mediated assurance contracts make Indiegogo and Kickstarter obsolete. So why bother?
@_date: 2014-03-03 03:33:51
No, I don't think so. I actually think it's a pretty important, albeit flawed, mechanism for restraining the power of government.
@_date: 2014-03-10 16:05:46
Do you ship to the US? :-)
@_date: 2014-03-26 22:49:42
My guess is they will enforce this against companies paying their employees wages in BTC. Essentially it means that even a company which transacts only in BTC (e.g. sells software or web services for BTC and pays its developers in BTC) has to keep accounting records denominated in USD to track the basis of their BTC capital gains and losses. Which, to be honest, I expect most serious companies transacting only in BTC are doing anyway.
@_date: 2014-03-22 14:37:12
selection bias
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:00:42
I suspect that Amazon itself (rather than sellers who process orders through Amazon) has extremely few chargebacks. As a result, they probably can negotiate substantially better credit card processing fees than most merchants can. On the other hand, they probably still (rightly) worry that they're getting screwed, insofar as their ratio of fraud risk to transaction fees is lower than it should be. I believe was trying to emphasize that Amazon has built up reputational capital, and enabling bitcoin payment processing is potentially a way to leverage that capital.
@_date: 2014-03-17 19:52:10
OK, I'll say it. If anyone actually threatened her (even in jest), that's seriously not cool. I think it's perfectly fair to criticize her reporting (and her editor's judgment) via email or any other medium. (I took part in some good-natured  bashing on Twitter.) But the response that she put D.N.'s life in jeopardy with her article always struck me as hyperbolic, and reacting by threatening her with violence is surely not acceptable. So I hope she's just being a douche in this facebook post and not responding to any actual actions by the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2014-03-03 23:15:30
I know nothing about protein folding, so I'll take your word for it.
However, I'm not so sure that this objection generalizes to _all_ useful + hard computation, and to _all_ hash functions.
For example, there seem to be hash functions for which the hash-inversion problem is NP-hard (
What about hash functions for which hash-inversion decision problem is NP-complete? Using such a hash function in a proof-of-work algorithm seems like it should, in principle, allow the verification of the blockchain to be done via work which can be reduced, in polynomial time, to the solution of whatever NP problem one is interested in. Since many useful computational problems are in NP but not known to be in P, that would be the sort of thing I'm interested in. 
(Incidentally, do any protein folding computations amount to solving a certain NP-hard problem? Or are the computational challenges in folding of a quite different nature? I used them as an example simply because it's clearly of scientific value and clearly computational difficult to calculate protein folding.)
@_date: 2014-01-09 01:34:19
This is why [DACs]( are so exciting: they are inherently beyond the reach of the law. (Note that any altcoin is in some sense a DAC, just as Bitcoin is.) The "entity" exists apart from its creators or maintainers. The math, simple as it is, cannot be banned. The Coinye genesis block is just a fairly short string of bits, and Kanye does not have a copyright or a trademark on those bits. Even if by some quirk of the law, a court ruled that that string of bits violates his rights to his own brand, there is absolutely nothing that law enforcement can do about it.
So bring it on. The Streisand effect has no doubt already caused Coinye to explode in value. Personally I don't give a shit about this or any altcoin, but I'm all in favor of free publicity for the cryptocurrency ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-03-17 19:23:39
Of course, right now (as is quite often the case), not a single article on the frontpage of concerns the price.
@_date: 2014-04-07 13:39:03
Thus negating the benefit of open source *development* whereby many eyeballs will spot performance and security issues *before* they become zero-day exploits...
@_date: 2014-03-02 04:19:54
His emphasis on the floating unit of account thing seems misplaced. And note that smart contracts would allow you to achieve roughly the same thing using BTC.
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:03:44
But your first option, the reporter is COMPLETELY lying, is pretty consistent with human nature and the incentives of the journalism industry. Just sayin'...
@_date: 2014-04-15 03:50:53
I do not agree that expressing one's interest in a new technology to a third party, for whom the use of which technology could deliver concrete business advantages, is mindless proselytizing. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 18:43:24
It's possible that merchants will not be lining up in droves to use escrows/arbitration services, even if they are implemented. Is this a big loss for consumers? I don't think it necessarily is. Perhaps consumers are willing to give up the chargeback security blanket if it lowers the prices they pay. Firms, after all, compete on both price and reputation/quality. While frauds and scams happen, it's an oversimplification to assert that credit card companies are the only, or even the main, line of defense protecting against these. (And how many frauds and scams ultimately operate because of insecure credit card credentials, rather than merchants not shipping goods that have been paid for?) We see this even in the Bitcoin world, with the case of BFL. True, some customers who paid with Paypal were able to get their money back. But at least one person has also (successfully, by default judgment) sued BFL, a line of attack on those who commit fraud which is completely independent of the payments system.
I think time, and the market, will tell how much people really value the "consumer protection" side of conventional payments processing. It would be rash to assume that because that's the way it's been done (since 1958 or so) that's the way it has to be.
@_date: 2014-05-08 14:43:34
Paging for his latest forecast
@_date: 2014-02-26 00:57:07
As someone who keeps only a small amount of my BTC on Coinbase (and the rest in secure offline storage), I do get some comfort from Andreas's spot check. At the very least, his findings suggest that Coinbase is solvent and keeping accurate records. But I certainly agree with your broader point.
@_date: 2016-03-04 13:56:27
I don't think this is a valid answer. I think the correct answer is below (KISS philosophy). BUT that doesn't mean this design decision was correct then or remains correct now. For the same reason that a central-bank-managed fiat currency with *predictable, stable* inflation is better than one with unpredictable inflation, a slowly-but-steadily changing block reward seems economically superior to large changes spaced discretely. Namely, since the relevant actors (miners) need to plan their businesses anticipating future changes in the block rewards, but other business-relevant factors (e.g. electricity prices) can change unpredictably, they are best-off if the bitcoin protocol itself is maximally time-homogeneous. 
Of course, the same reasoning means that changes to the protocol -- like smoothing out the block reward! -- should not be undertaken lightly, so this is a bit of a catch 22.
@_date: 2015-01-30 18:04:46
TL;DR -- as few as *four* pieces of credit card tx metadata are enough to uniquely re-identify an individual with almost perfect confidence.
@_date: 2016-03-03 01:37:38
Why did satoshi opt for halvenings at discrete widely spaced intervals rather than approximately continuously exponentially decaying the block rewards at the same rate?
@_date: 2016-02-02 06:58:47
We don't know that, because no discovery was conducted (per Judge Forrest's orders and the "eve-of-trial" revelation of the corruption case[s]) into just what was and wasn't tainted. Ulbricht's appeal brief mentions evidence that the supposedly-untainted parallel investigation was in fact working closely with the corrupt investigation.
@_date: 2017-09-07 22:27:06
That requires entrusting Google with the contents of the email, which in this case would include access to your private keys in some form. Maybe that's OK if you expect your beneficiary to be the only one with physical access to the disk on which your keys are stored, in which case trusting Google with the decryption password might be an acceptable risk. But I'd be wary of trusting Google with, say, both the decryption password and the seed for your hierarchical deterministic wallet.
@_date: 2015-04-10 12:58:37
Reading properly typeset mathematics is much easier than reading non-typeset mathematics. So I hope you were being ironic.
@_date: 2015-04-10 16:03:52
It's also perfectly possible (albeit a little annoying) to compile LaTeX to other formats like HTML. Or one could write the paper in the form of a blog post; there are many blogging software systems that support TeX. To be honest, even if writing in Word, you should at least use the equation editor.
@_date: 2015-09-23 01:56:46
ITT, people defending a patent system that doesn't actually achieve the societal goals which justify having a patent system in the first place.
@_date: 2016-10-29 09:21:44
I don't think the US would attack Chinese bitcoin, unless China was actually using Chinese bitcoin as a traceable replacement for RMB.
I think the thesis behind the post is that yes, China would attack non-Chinese bitcoin to prevent capital outflows.
@_date: 2016-10-29 09:05:28
You're correct that she's generally full of shit, both on blockchain and on other topics. But I still think the scenario Varma envisions here is sort of interesting
@_date: 2013-11-09 18:25:38
Couldn't hurt to email the walletrecovery guys and see if they can help.
@_date: 2013-11-09 18:02:13
See above in this thread:
@_date: 2013-12-20 14:57:07
For comparison, PayPal seems to have processed about ~~$44,000,000,000~~ $175,000,000,000 this year. So BitPay is doing around ~~0.2%~~ 0.05% the volume of PayPal. Room for growth!
@_date: 2013-12-02 16:29:21
A family of five who invest their life savings in dollars is making a poor financial decision. Most "normal" agents keep the bulk of their assets in instruments that bear positive real rates of return, using currency or bank deposits only as their liquidity needs demand. 
@_date: 2013-11-09 17:24:25
Likewise, I am not qualified to speak about the information theoretic aspects. But I recommend following the xkcd_transciber link to Explain XKCD where you can find good analysis (and a link to StackExchange with even better analysis). Also note that my passphrase was significantly harder than the one in XKCD because it has varied capitalization and punctuation. Although I suspect that's what bit me in the ass.
My basic feeling is as follows:  For a cold wallet where you keep a lot of money, but may not transfer funds with sufficient frequency to be confident in your memory, it's best to bear in mind that strength AND memorability are both important. And the message of the XKCD comic is that strength need not preclude memorability, whether or not you want to quibble about the exact amount of entropy involved in Randall's construction.
@_date: 2013-11-09 17:30:03
I actually don't think Dave's cracking feat was anything super 1337 or anything like that. Like I mentioned, the basic task is to efficiently try a lot of combinations, leveraging the known *intended* passphrase to try to guess the most likely mistypings. I imagine that his cracking tool is very different from what a hardcore hax0r d00d would use to run dictionary attacks. If anything, psychology and keyboard layout are the most important factors here. (To be sure, they are also important for black hat password cracking.)  But if you know that you're targeting a specific *mis*typing of a *known* phrase, then you can choose the order in which you test permutations intelligently to try to cut down on your work. 
Like I said, I used a script from bitcointalk, and tried to make some modifications of my own, to attempt this process myself. I was unsuccessful, but Dave was sufficiently persistent to succeed. Since he's interested in running a business around this idea, I would guess he has refined his tools so that he's somewhat more efficient than an amateur like myself. 
All that said, choosing this line of business doesn't seem to imply he has to be a web design guru, so I wouldn't count his using weebly against him.
@_date: 2013-05-17 16:06:35
OK, I won't be at the conference, but hopefully the talks will be recorded? Since you bring it up, what are the precise analogies between your autonomous region and David Romer's charter city, in terms of legal arrangements? Why should a potential investor who was scared off by the Honduras events have faith that your system will be immune from political intervention by traditional states? From Googling you, it seems you've been involved in seasteading meetups. So let's suppose your region is a seastead. What would happen if valuable mineral resources were discovered near the location of your seastead? Would you move the city elsewhere? What would happen if a traditional state said, "Our experts believe there are valuable mineral resources beneath your seastead,"  but you have no way to verify their claim? To what extent would your region have autonomy in fact rather than just in name? Do you plan to make security arrangements with a parent-state? Does that reduce you just to a satellite state? Are you really hoping for a relationship with the United States (or another parent-state) akin to Hong Kong's relationship to China? (That is, I gather, what Romer was going for in Honduras.) Why would the parent-state tolerate your autonomous region's "officially recognized" use of Bitcoin unless your autonomous region's financial institutions were regulating according to the parent state's legal framework? Finally, what's the estimated timeline for your project? 
One of the admirable things about Romer's project was how open he was about the plan, even though it ended up failing. Where can we read details?
@_date: 2013-12-14 03:50:28
If this were to happen, I think the Bitcoin Foundation is probably the best party to coordinate donation addresses.
@_date: 2013-07-13 15:29:04
A thousand times yes!
Seriously, with BTC prediction markets there's no reason bettors should need to have an account with the market maker. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 17:54:59
Donated 86mBTC via coinbase. Will you post a status page showing how much has been raised/matched as part of this promotion?
@_date: 2013-12-14 03:58:54
FTFY ~~adaptation~~ adoption
@_date: 2013-11-09 18:02:53
I am not sure, but I don't think so. 
@_date: 2013-12-28 20:27:45
Almost every time I read a Krugman column, I ask myself why I keep paying attention to this moron, and vow to stop. But somehow he keeps managing to push the inanity envelope, and like watching a car accident, [I just can't keep from looking](
@_date: 2013-05-06 02:06:25
I have a small amount of money at stake, so I am sympathetic to those seeking to get their money back. However, I'm pretty pessimistic about getting legal remedy, and I'm curious for the opinion of any *informed* member of about the legal situation. Read: I want to know what actual lawyers think; not, of course, as "legal advice" in any official sense, but just to have some idea of where the community stands with respect to bitfloor. Basically, those of us who used the bitfloor trading platform did so without agreeing to any terms of service, as far as I can tell. I used CapOne360 and effectively sent my money into the void, trusting Roman et al to have their shit together, and this trust was misplaced. Why, exactly, am I entitled to legal remedy here? Did I enter into some sort of implicit contract with Bitfloor? With Roman? The website claimed bitfloor is incorporated in NY and registered with FinCEN. Does that have any tangible benefit in terms of protection for its customers? When and if Bitfloor, Inc., declares bankruptcy, does it have creditors other than depositors such as ourselves? What is the precedence for repaying these depositors? Can bankruptcy courts negotiate payouts to us if no bank is willing to deal with Bitfloor?
I hope that someone with the requisite legal background has thought about these questions before perfectly good time and/or money is thrown after the bad. For the sake of the bitcoin community, I hope that people who have thought about these matters will share their thoughts here.
@_date: 2013-05-19 06:11:34
One reason this theory is ridiculous is that Mochizuki has a very unique mathematical style. To quote the number theorist Jordan Ellenberg, regarding Mochizuki's work on the ABC conjecture, "Looking at it, you feel a bit like you might be reading a paper from the future, or from outer space." (See  Before certain flaws in Mochizuki's work on ABC were pointed out ( many number theorists were trying to understand it. But none, to my knowledge, had success, which is why the proof has yet to be accepted by the community. If you know something about arithmetic algebraic geometry, you'll recognize how out-there his ideas in this field are: he uses concepts like "Frobenioids" and "Hodge-Arakelov theaters" which he has been studying (essentially alone) for a decade, but are not at all part of the research literature in this field. In the past, Mochizuki has done exceptional research in number theory and algebraic geometry of a less outlandish sort. But his ABC work suggests, to me, that his interests have led him in the direction of conducting work that is more trailblazing, rather than continuing an established line investigation. My limited understanding is that Bitcoin, while an amazing achievement, doesn't involve any bizarre new ideas from cryptography, but rather amounts to a clever implementation of known cryptographic concepts combined with an insightful approach to the economics of cryptographically-secured digital currency. (Please correct me if you think this is not the case.) So on an intellectual level, Bitcoin is not particularly akin to Mochizuki's current mathematical research. Furthermore, Satoshi clearly communicated his ideas on Bitcoin in the early days, writing a whitepaper and even developing an implementation that anyone could look at and try to understand, and going so far as to participate actively in the online community of people interested in this project. Mochizuki has not made such an effort to encourage the dissemination of his ideas, as regards his research on the ABC conjecture. It's all well and good to characterize both Satoshi and Mochizuki as behaving in a "reclusive" manner, but this glosses over a real distinction in the degree to which they have engaged in community discourse about their respective bodies of work. All told, I find it completely implausible that Satoshi and Mochizuki are one and the same.
@_date: 2013-12-01 19:19:15
@_date: 2013-05-26 19:22:12
They seem decent but their website is pretty slow. I guess if they get more volume they can afford to invest in increased server capacity... is that your real motivation for posting here? :-)
@_date: 2013-11-10 01:10:12
Read the description on the website more carefully. I think its odds of cracking a random stolen wallet are close to zero.
@_date: 2013-10-26 01:12:50
20 years from now, the FBI agents who worked on the Ulbricht case may be revered as the heroes who ensured the solvency of the US government. Former SR users everywhere will suffer from chronic depression. Fortunately they will be able to buy antidepressants very cheaply using the same online marketplace  where they buy Krokodil.
@_date: 2013-11-26 22:19:36
To be fair, when my mom saw that I was in a twitter conversation (about bitcoin) with Tim B. Lee she thought the same thing as the seekingalpha guy, and was very impressed that Berners-Lee would be tweeting with me. Just one of the perils of having that name and writing about technology, I suppose.
@_date: 2013-11-09 23:25:29
You're welcome to regard this as marketing if you wish. Skepticism is healthy. I was just happy to get $700 back.
@_date: 2013-11-09 21:50:06
In addition to the general reasons why a small business owner should at least look into accepting BTC (low fees, etc), there may be additional considerations in your case. While the anonymity of Bitcoin is wildly overblown by the media, my understanding is that with diligent use of additional anonymizing protocols (Tor, mixing services, etc.) your customers could in fact be more confident of their privacy when transacting using BTC than when using USD or similar currencies. Given the sensitive nature of your work, this might be quite appealing to some clients. Of course setting up a truly privacy-enforcing payment system would entail a lot of work on your part and might involve additional legal complications for your business. (For example, you'd still have to pay taxes, of course, but filing the necessary paperwork might be much more involved.) Nonetheless, I thought it was worth pointing out, in case you happen to handle interventions / addiction treatment / etc. for very high-profile people (businesswomen, actors, heads of state,...?)
@_date: 2013-06-04 16:38:47
I haven't yet tried to see if it works with my credit card. But it's a nice trick to have up one's sleeve.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:38:20
Because the ROI exceeded the deflation rate?
@_date: 2013-12-01 16:51:43
From their website:
We commit to transferring 90% of your donation directly to a poor household, letting them buy whatever they need. The remaining 10% covers our costs of identifying the recipient and transferring the funds electronically. Our payment processor charges a service fee of approximately 3% to process credit card transactions, including those for charities. We highlight this fee for you as part of our commitment to transparency and note that you can donate by check if you wish to avoid it.
@_date: 2013-05-06 02:31:14
While I'm sympathetic to your point in principle, since banks need to protect themselves from the possibility that their infrastructure is being used for financial crimes, I don't know of direct evidence that banks (and other entities) are limiting their "bitcoin risk" because of actual wrongdoing. Rather, the situation is all too reminiscent of the effort by the music and movie industries to shutter peer-to-peer file exchange companies because of the mere *potential* for those companies' products to be used illegally. In this case, someone seems to have convinced banks that dealing with bitcoin exchanges is an unacceptable legal or business risk. The most obvious candidate for said party is FinCEN itself. If banks, by providing banking services to companies that transact with bitcoin users who may or may not use bitcoins for illegal purposes, are actually committing a crime, then something is fucked up with banking law in the United States. I'm pretty sure that this is actually the case. But if so, lawmakers, not to mention their constituents, are very likely unaware that the legal status quo is being used to stymie technologies which are actually quite promising, albeit somewhat disruptive to existing financial infrastructure. Again, the example of the RIAA/MPAA response to Napster and similar companies is somewhat instructive. Doctrines such as "contributory copyright infringement" are actually pretty fucked up, but in the long lull between the development of VHS and the advent of MP3 filesharing networks, such obscure questions of copyright law were hardly on anyone's radar screen. In the same way, it seems that laws passed with the perfectly reasonable goal of preventing money laundering may now be having a severe chilling effect upon financial innovation in the United States, preventing bitcoin exchanges (and potentially a wide range of other technologies) from even getting off the ground. I suspect that there is no actual evidence that platforms like bitfloor were being used for fraud, and that all of the brouhaha is just a matter of banks trying to cover their own asses. If so, I think it is important for bitcoiners to stand up for the legitimacy of this technology, and that includes holding firms like bitfloor accountable for managing their affairs in an unprofessional manner. Maybe Roman did his best to conduct due diligence when selecting his bank, and he really was screwed by his bank acting in an arbitrary and capricious manner. If that is the case, he should be seeking  recompense from his bank for the damage to his business and his reputation. If not, he should have exercised better judgment in selecting his bank, and his customers need to hold him accountable.
Another possibility, of course, is that we were all just idiots for trusting bitfloor with our money and we don't have a legal leg to stand on. See my other comment in this thread, where I beg legally knowledgable redditors to weigh in with their opinions.
@_date: 2013-12-05 01:29:46
Great show (Warren is the man). The Bitcoin segment was meh... a lot of bloviating, especially from [ 
@_date: 2013-05-22 02:08:40
I suspect that some beginner-friendly Arabic-language information about Bitcoin would be a reasonable place to start. Certainly better than the filler page that's currently at that URL. Probably you can get someone from the Arabic language Bitcoin forum on bitcointalk to help you write a skeleton page.
@_date: 2013-11-09 16:51:40
I don't know what weebly is. Here is the transaction where he sent me the coins: 
@_date: 2013-11-11 18:48:48
Offline Armory requires very little RAM and disk space. Any computer or laptop built in the last 10 years should work for offline Armory. On the other hand, online Armory is fairly RAM-heavy, and requires a lot of disk space due to running Bitcoin-Qt.
From 
On another note, if you want to use it online, in my experience the Linux version uses &lt; 2GB RAM. I suspect you could run it on an old Macbook or maybe even a new Chromebook without much trouble, provided you can get linux running.
@_date: 2013-11-09 17:50:26
In the future you should consider using a wallet program that uses hierarchical deterministic wallets. (
With this protocol, if you keep some numbers on a piece of paper in your safety deposit box, you can get the bitcoins back even if someone literally nukes your computer and all your backup drives. (Unless the key to the safety deposit box is melted in the explosion and/or you die without authorizing next of kin to access the box.)
I recommend Armory. Right now it is not too user-friendly and is a bit of a resource hog, but my understanding is that this will change in the near future.
@_date: 2013-05-02 22:24:27
Incidentally, I just made a new Dwolla deposit today to an unfunded account I created last week. I bought some BTC, and transferred it out. Already have confirmation, so the transaction seems to have worked fine. Possibly CBX has yet to actually implement the 31 day hold on BTC withdrawals for newly-created Dwolla-funded accounts? If you are worried about being subject to this hold, try withdrawing your bitcoins before they get their act together and enforce it!
@_date: 2013-12-14 03:57:11
sed s/wave/waive/g
@_date: 2013-12-22 23:20:42
What is a link to a concise summary of what the deal is with knightmb?
@_date: 2013-12-14 04:06:55
By the way, that's an excellent point. Someone would have to look into whether this is even possible.
@_date: 2013-12-02 20:37:46
Why do you think they will be crowded out?
@_date: 2013-11-10 03:41:41
Amen, brother
@_date: 2013-11-12 16:15:27
The website advertises 20KH/s/client, so for most websites the revenue would be trivial. Even assuming all of Facebook's 1.2 billion users were on the site constantly, I calculate a revenue of less than $9000/day. That's nothing to sneeze at, since I'd expect the implementation cost to be trivial. But hardly revolutionary.
Then there's the whole ethical issue, although 20Kh/s probably has negligible effect on the client's electricity costs.
@_date: 2013-11-09 17:53:17
Haven't heard back about this yet, but I emailed him asking him to post on the thread. He might be asleep (not sure his time zone).
EDIT: 
@_date: 2013-05-15 19:44:22
No, the rules seem to predate BTC by 6 years or so. The PATRIOT act extended FINCEN's scope to "IVTS" systems, specifically because of Hawala networks. See  I don't know the DHS role in this, but I'd speculate that AML enforcement is in their purview. Nothing seems too fishy here, to me, except the question of whether Gox is actually operating as a money transmitting business. This seems like something that can be argued either way, and I don't know whether some sort of preliminary judgment on this question was required for for the judge to authorize the seizure warrant. Presumably not, because Gox had no opportunity to make its case. 
@_date: 2013-12-14 04:11:09
please please make the system transparent. none o this security through obscurity bull
@_date: 2013-11-29 02:21:51
I hope everyone on this sub will actually join the thunderclap. As I understand it coordination is key. We have 70k+ subscribers to Why only 350 in the thunderclap? For the truly lazy: 
@_date: 2013-11-09 16:22:17
Yes his service requires that, as in my case, you have a pretty good sense what the passphrase was supposed to be. Unfortunately, when the passphrase is long, there is still quite a large number of possibilities to try (due to combinatorial explosion). I don't know how sophisticated his cracking script is. Perhaps if he had been devoting more cycles to the task it would have been cracked in days rather than months. 
@_date: 2013-11-21 02:23:11
That is not the correct way to think of dollars, because it rests upon a notion of "total dollar supply" that is pretty hard to pin down. Obviously measuring the money supply is something economists have thought about long and hard. But it's still not clear cut. I learned a lot from this Coursera class on banking:  That's not to say I think the professor is the ultimate authority. Far from it. But a valuable takeaway from the class is to think of money as a hierarchy, or perhaps a pyramid, where height corresponds to liquidity (up) versus illiquidity (down), and width corresponds to the amount. Thus one has base money (cash) at the top [or during some historical periods, the underlying commodity, such as gold/silver, backing the currency], and below it assets such as demand deposits, bank notes, money market mutual funds, short term government securities, and so forth. All of it is money. You might like to think of the stuff at the very top as the most money-like, but the fact is companies can and do exchange stuff further down the hierarchy in just the same way they exchange cash or electronic bank balances. As you go further down the hierarchy, you get to assets such as debt with longer maturity. The relative value of the various levels of the hierarchy - even the most liquid levels at the top, once you factor in opportunity costs - is thus inherently intertwined with expectations of inflation and interest rates, including expectations of the behavior of central bankers who wish to guide those rates. Thus it's totally naive to think of dollars as a % fraction of some money supply growing steadily at some rate of inflation and earning some smaller rate of interest of banks. That may be how consumers interact with the monetary system, but it's not at all how the monetary system ultimately works. By the way, the coursera class goes into a lot of historical perspective, and it's certainly NOT the case that this complicated monetary system is an innovation since the end of the gold standard. (Not to mention the fact that the US left the gold standard during the Civil War, and other such complexities... :). As long as the concept of money has existed, the fact that money now and money later are different assets with different values has been a part of the world. So there have been bankers (or proto-bankers) practically forever. Even when gold reigned supreme as the ultimate form of money, it was still the case that "the money supply" and the monetary system comprised far more than the supply of gold bars or doubloons. 
In short, you are wrong that bitcoin will replace savings accounts, in the sense that *credit* -- the substitution of more liquid monetary assets for less liquid ones, with the loss in liquidity compensated for by a commensurate rate of return -- will certainly remain a feature of an economy with widespread bitcoin use. The interesting question, which I think no one knows the answer to, is what credit markets and the banking system will really look like in such a world. The blockchain technology itself offers extremely interesting possibilities as a tool for intermediating credit markets, not just direct transfers of money (at a fixed level of the liquidity hierarchy) from one party to another. It will be fascinating to see how it plays out.
All that having been said, I firmly reject the "goldbug" argument for bitcoin -- that it is a step towards running our economy on a "sound money" basis. That seems like an incredibly far fetched scenario. The reasons it is far fetched include some of the arguments made by (narrowminded) opponents of bitcoin who decry it as a "deflationary currency". If bitcoin were to be _the_ top of the money hierarchy in the future -- the single most liquid asset -- what then? Would people be paying for all their everyday purchases in bitcoin? I fail to see why they would. In this scenario the banking system would probably evolve to incorporate bitcoin. As long as banks think they can invest bitcoins at a rate of return higher than the rate at which bitcoins appreciate, they will accept bitcoin deposits and pay interest in return, probably through some sort of cryptographically-verified blockchain-based contract system. Such contracts would include provisions specifying under what circumstances the creditor (depositor) would be unable to recover their bitcoin, for example if the bank were to go bust. Just as in our current system, and perhaps relying upon something similar to the existing FDIC infrastructure, we might arrive at a situation in which many or even most consumers accept the risk of bank failure in return for sufficiently high interest. In that case people would keep the bulk of their money in the form of "bitcoin demand deposits", which they draw upon in much the same way we use debit cards etc today. (Although to keep consumers happy, depository institutions would have to offer far better service in this regard than banks do today, since the ease of use of such forms of bitcoin credit would have to compete with the use of bitcoin itself for transactions.) 
Once you have that sort of scenario, the ultimate supply of money in the bitcoin economy is vastly bigger than the 21M bitcoins themselves. In short, you arrive at the same sort of complex monetary system we have today, just founded upon the blockchain instead of the US government's say-so. From this perspective, the "bitcoin is inherently deflationary" objection evaporates: the supply of money in this economy would be governed by many factors, including interest rates, deposit insurance prices, etc., some which could even be influenced by governments who wish to prop up aggregate demand during recessions. So from the perspective of someone happy with the current banking system, I'd say there's no reason to worry. But from a goldbug perspective, I have to say I don't think bitcoin will really solve your problems -- "unsound money", which just means money that interacts with credit markets and encompasses a supply that can expand and contract as those markets dictate, has always been here and will never go away.
Now it's still worth emphasizing that a monetary system (writ large) based upon a bitcoin backbone probably will still look very different from what we have today. I do think that basic features (banking, credit, etc.) will still be here. But the details may be surprising. For example, banks may be a lot smaller or a lot bigger, they may have a lot more or a lot less political power, the flow of credit may change a lot in favor either debtors or creditors. Who knows? The *payment processing* role of banks will certainly change drastically. If you have the option of transacting using bitcoins -- with their decentralized nature -- or instead using bitcoin-based demand deposits that must be cleared through some quasi-centralized network of banks, I think it's likely you'd prefer the former, all else being equal. (After all, avoiding central clearing is what makes bitcoin transactions so smooth today, relative to normal payments processing.)  But you might *choose* to use the inferior system for *some* transactions, if you were *compensated* for the inconvenience. In other words, to attract deposits, banks would have to offer more attractive interest rates. Might they be able to do so? Sure, if they had sufficiently attractive investment opportunities. But who knows if that's a gap that can be bridged. 
Today banks play the role of payment processors because they are the de facto standard. I keep some USD in bank accounts not because it pays positive real interest rates, but because I value having that money in liquid form. Part of the liquidity is the banks' role in the payment network. In the bitcoin world, that built-in advantage for banks -- their ability to fund their businesses on debt (to their depositors) at very low cost -- disappears. Conceivably, without that advantage, banking will cease to be a profitable business. But equally conceivably, banking will persist as a *less* profitable business. Personally, I think the latter possibility is more likely. In that case the world might look like I've sketched above -- similar to our current monetary system in many ways, yet fundamentally changed in others. If this world arises, the "fixed divisible supply" nature of bitcoin may seem like a peculiar thing to have been obsessing about during the early days.
@_date: 2013-05-05 23:21:16
Add another $256 for me.
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:09:04
Since Bitshares-derived denominations pegged to external state (e.g. BitUSD pegged to the BTS-USD price!) seem to feature prominently in the Bitshares scheme, I'm curious if anyone has found a more in-depth analysis of the economic incentives structure "forcing" these instruments to track their target. The explanations on the Bitshares forums (I think they were written by bytemaster, who I think is Daniel Larimer?) were not completely convincing to me. 
On the other hand, Keyhotee is also intriguing and perhaps (I don't yet understand enough about the system) can existent as a "product sold by" the Bitshares DAC completely independently of whether the business with BitUSD, etc., works out.
@_date: 2013-05-16 20:43:36
See Japan for more evidence about why deflation is bad. 
This is not a good argument against Bitcoin. But I don't think there is much reason for nonexperts to doubt the received wisdom among monetary economists. 
@_date: 2013-11-09 21:27:34
Dave says the password was "John Brow, John Brow; apple mattress angst Yeti". Must have been a problem with the "n" key on my laptop that day.
@_date: 2013-11-29 01:02:46
Yeah this is a good idea. Never heard of this thunderclap thing before but I like the concept.
@_date: 2013-11-12 13:15:42
Payments and remittances are really the least interesting aspect of Bitcoin. It's all the *other* industries that have no *inkling* that they will be disrupted yet. (Notaries, contract lawyers, stock and bond markets, and indeed bankers -- but not just in their capacity as payment processors, also in their capacity as financial intermediaries.)
@_date: 2013-12-28 22:17:43
To be fair, the tx/block limit is a current sense in which the block chain will not scale. The protocol will have to be modified, potentially repeatedly, if people continue to push against the limits of on-chain transactions. Personally I don't think it's a big deal, but I think shwag's pov is valid
@_date: 2013-11-09 17:09:26
Also he *knew* the intended passphrase. The fact that he was able to crack it does not indicate it was weak.
I'm not a security expert but the basic message of the XKCD comic seems clearly correct.
@_date: 2013-05-09 21:35:13
At least in my town, every single Starbucks register has a scanner capable of reading digital giftcards on a smartphone. So, yes, it would not be at all difficult for every Burger King to have the equivalent of a QR scanner; probably most already have it.
@_date: 2013-11-09 18:31:51
I just gave him the whole wallet in my case. Obviously stripping the info is much safer, but I had already given up on getting the coins back. Dave was trustworthy in my case, but of course YMMV.
@_date: 2013-12-02 19:54:46
You're right that it would be different from central banking as currently practiced. To perform open market operations, central banks would have to have enough bitcoins to purchase the amount of government securities they need to achieve their desired interest rates. This could, conceivably, be difficult or impossible for some governments, under some market conditions. Governments might be able to influence miners' incentives directly by adjusting tax rates for exchanging bitcoins for government currency (assuming taxes were still payed in government currency). In an all-bitcoin global economy, that would not be available. Governments have other policy levers, though, like payment of interest on reserves. It's hard to anticipate what techniques would be necessary, and which would work. But I don't think central banking would necessarily be impossible. Still, I think your concerns are valid.
@_date: 2013-11-14 04:03:49
Congrats! 
Love LTB, by the way! Moar interviews, plz.
@_date: 2013-11-09 16:56:02
I assume so. Maybe Dave will chime in on this thread with the actual passphrase? For those who are curious, the intended passphrase was "John Brown, John Brown; apple mattress angst Yeti", the first part being an allusion to the wonderful Ken Burns documentary on the US Civil War. (John Brown was a radical abolitionist:  The documentary includes an old historian who, when asked about John Brown, says in a pontificating voice, "John Brown, John Brown ..." before launching into an account of the dude's role in the runup to the war.)
And no, I have not reused anything like this passphrase again.
EDIT: The actual password was "John Brow, John Brow; apple mattress angst Yeti"
@_date: 2013-11-09 21:05:22
Imagine if HAL had a bitcoin wallet of his own.
"I'm sorry, Dave, I can't let you have those coins..."
@_date: 2013-05-17 22:34:04
That's not a completely fair description. Get it from the horse's mouth:  Of course, Romer is trying to be politic in his official statements. But my sense was that this was not so much a matter of totalitarianism, but rather simply the Honduran government jealously guarding its sovereignty in a way that effectively undermined the enterprise -- to the extent that Romer et al. saw no point continuing with the project. This seems like what would happen in most countries, including (especially?) the United States, which I don't consider a totalitarian dictatorship, although I'm sure some bitcoiners do.
But I need to read more about the matter, probably starting with the Reason article jhales linked to.
@_date: 2013-11-21 13:59:44
1. I'll just point out that you have not justified your belief that fractional reserve banking / deposit insurance are necessarily highly constrained or impossible using the bitcoin standard. They may be, they may not be, but I see no actual argument here.
2. Obviously cash and demand deposits are *almost* the same. But don't forget that deposit insurance only affects the small amount of the monetary system that involves retail bank accounts. The differences between cash, repurchase agreements, treasury notes, etc. are more substantial for businesses that turn over large amounts of money. Consider, for example, a large insurance company. They may need to keep a certain (large) amount of money as "cash" (or something with cash-like liquidity) to be able to pay their policy obligations when a disaster strikes. If they keep it in an account at U.R.A.Zucker Bancorp, and said bank goes under, the FDIC will not protect them. 
3. I was not trying to challenge the basic idea of the quantity theory of money. I was trying to challenge the notion that the supply you put in the denominator is an easy thing to pin down. Rather, I think the money supply is not necessarily easy to measure or control. And as you are no doubt aware, the Fed stopped using money supply price targeting long ago, preferring open market operations. 
4. I don't see how you can establish the counterfactual proposition that  IF bitcoin lacked a bounded supply THEN it would not be successful. All I know is that personally I would still be investing in it if it grew at, say, 5% a year. After all, it's quite clear that the adoption rate is growing faster than that. Much of bitcoin's value as a payment mechanism, and all of the brilliance of the blockchain idea, exist entirely independently of the bounded bitcoin supply. There is a legitimate *argument* that the bounded supply is a *preferable* aspect of a blockchain-based currency, for example because it helps align the incentives of the miners to encourage early adoption. But I have not seen this argument written out anywhere as a *proof* that the bounded supply is *necessary* for adoption. I think probably it is not necessary.
@_date: 2013-10-29 12:35:51
I defer to your expertise, sir.
@_date: 2013-11-09 21:23:59
I don't know what additional information you would find convincing. Here is the original bitcoin talk thread where I posted with my quandary:
All I know is that Dave helped me in my specific case, and I did not even use the additional security measures he now suggests on his service's website. (Those measures seem to prevent him taking the coins; see this thread 
Of course, if he really was nefarious he might try to build up community trust by returning the coins from small wallets, in order to lure in *really* big fish. Short of verifying the security of his recommended wallet recovery protocol for yourself, I don't know how to convince you otherwise.
@_date: 2013-05-15 19:56:59
I'm not sure. The FinCEN advisory on Hawala networks says that an "Informal Value Transfer System" can and often does make use of "easily moveable commodities" to transfer value and settle accounts between IVTS operators. They were thinking of things like diamonds. But BTC may fall into this role, by their thinking, in which case a BTC-USD exchange acts like a modification of the the traditional IVTS business model. 
FinCEN laid out its position in its guidance FIN-2013-G001 in March, 2013: "virtual currencies" count for the purposes of regulating businesses that engage in money transmission. What I don't understand is whether the PATRIOT act actually legally authorizes them to expand their scope in this manner. They presumably thought so when they issued their guidance, so my guess is that Mtgox doesn't really have a case here by arguing that BTC is a "non-currency". Probably they'll pay the fine, register as a MSB and resume operations after some time (unless the BTC landscape changes significantly in the meanwhile). But of course IANAL, so who knows?
@_date: 2013-12-14 04:05:33
Note that a government could also indirectly influence the BTC supply by controlling a large supply of hashing power, and/or adjusting taxation policy with regard to mining. I do not know what the ideal monetary policy under a BTC reserve system would be, but I suspect it would be very different from the current operations of the Federal Reserve. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 16:32:42
Think we can convince Give Directly to accept BTC ?
@_date: 2013-12-02 16:27:15
* Lack of central banking
I don't think that a world using bitcoins instead of dollars as a reserve currency would necessarily lack bankers or even central bankers, contrary to the beliefs of some more libertarian-minded bitcoiners. I'm open to hearing arguments both for and against this proposition. But if one grants that a fractional reserve banking system is possible, and even likely, in a world primarily using bitcoins, then this system would presumably involve central bankers trying to control the money supply. This causes the deflation objection to evaporate, somewhat. Instead a more refined version of the objection is that with one global reserve currency, central bankers cannot tailor monetary policy to the individual needs of different countries, since booms and busts do not occur uniformly across the globe. But of course this is already a problem today: Bernanke et al tailor monetary policy to suit the needs of the American economy (as best they can), but because the dollar is used around the world as a reserve currency, their actions have serious implications for the economies of other nations. (Witness the problems in emerging markets this year.)
* Volatility
It is not at all clear why the fact that bitcoin is volatile now should imply that it will always continue to be volatile. Do you have a convincing argument why the volatility is more than just a phenomenon associated with (relatively) rapid technological adoption?
* Anonymity
Bitcoins are not and do not purport to be anonymous. Governments can and will continue to research the most effective ways of tracking identities and transactions along the blockchain. Some people are interested in making bitcoin more anonymous. Governments may be averse to such changes. Such changes may still be a good idea!
@_date: 2013-05-05 23:50:00
You mean *she* is married. I was at her wedding. It was a beautiful ceremony.
@_date: 2013-05-25 17:06:34
Personally I'm not offended by a tax system per se. I am offended by the existing tax system in the United States. Mostly I am offended because it is extremely complicated. This necessarily makes it inefficient. Our lawmakers have achieved a political equilibrium that emphasizes concentrated rather than diffuse economic interests, and our entire country is poorer as a result. OK, fine, maybe we "get the tax system we deserve". After all, we elected these assholes, right? Where I start getting really angry/depressed is when I think about how the political process works in theory versus in practice. Partly it's just the concentrated/diffuse interests issue I mentioned. But more worrisome to me is that the political rhetoric surrounding fiscal policy is completely broken. For example, it's difficult to find a philosophically coherent account of corporate income taxation, or taxation of interest, dividends, and capital gains. Screwy things happen with incentives when the same dollar I earn can be taxed again and again, without me spending it. Or consider tax deductions for mortgage interest, or the non-taxable status of capital gains on the sale of one's primary residence. Do homeowners have a stronger moral claim to their money than renters? Why?
What it comes down to is that most provisions that muck up the tax code amount transfer payments. They were not advertised as such to the constituents of the congressmen who enacted them. Often the transfers don't make sense; that is, they achieve redistribution that it difficult to justify on any moral basis. (E.g. from poor urban renters to upper-middle class suburban homeowners.) Perhaps more commonly, they are simply inefficient, sometimes idiotically so. (E.g. the current political conception of the corporate income tax seems to be that it transfers wealth from the rich to the poor. Why not abolish it and just make the regular income tax more progressive, if that's the goal? Then Congress can stop wasting Tim Cook's time by calling him to testify about Apple's Irish subsidiaries.) 
And sometimes the transfers are just patronizing. Obamacare, for example, uses the tax code in a convoluted way to force healthy people to subsidize the "insurance" costs of sick people. Not only does this degree of government interference essentially undermine the very business model of insurers (actuarial calculations to determine a premium rate that is statistically profitable for the insurer), it does so in a very non-transparent way. The moral force behind Obamacare is the belief that "health security" or some sort is a public good: one should not have to live in fear that you or your child will develop an illness whose treatment will cost more than you have save for or insured against, thus the government should pay for this treatment (directly or indirectly). No one, I think, really believes this principle when taken to its extreme. For example, if you define "illness" as "anything that modern medicine could improve, at any cost", then this principle would lead to ridiculous conclusions that if rich people can afford a $10,000,000 treatment for male pattern baldness, the same treatment should be partly subsidized by the government for poor people too. Since no one thinks that, lines have to be drawn. This is now down in the bowels of the tax code, together with committee meeting rooms at the offices of insurers and those who regulate them, as well as several government agencies. That seems to me a problematic way to adjudicate a fundamentally problematic principle.
At the same time, the problematic principle certainly has some moral intuition behind it. I think it can be questioned -- and some of the more extreme libertarians in the BTC community probably do question it. But let's roll with it. Rather than involving insurance companies via tax penalties for those who lack insurance and complicated regulation of how much insurers can charge, what if we just implemented the principle directly? Raise taxes more (in as progressive or regressive a manner as you please). Then give money to sick people: if you or a dependent gets a disease, the government cuts you a check. The size of the check depends on the disease. Equivalently, tax health. That is, after all, what we're really trying to achieve with this policy, right? But put like this, I find that the moral force of the principle starts to crumble. It doesn't completely disappear. But it starts getting less clear cut. Health, which we are taxing (say, for the sake of argument, in a progressive manner), has various components. Some of them have intrinsic moral force, e.g. the choice to live a healthy lifestyle. Others lack intrinsic moral force, e.g. being lucky enough to avoid a rare disease or serious accidents. OK, so perhaps the ideal implementation of this principle should apply only to the latter, luck-based class of negative health outcomes. But now we are basically back at the classic Rawls-versus-Nozick argument. Taxing luck-in-health does not seem so different from taxing luck-in-basketball-ability. Rawlsians will say yes, we should do so. Nozick was less convinced. But luck-in-health is not so very different (and perhaps even overlaps with) luck-in-height and luck-in-weight. Maniw argues ( that taxing height could be a utilitarian form of redistribution. But he observes, rightly I think, that even diehard progressives might feel weird about implementing such a policy. This is one's body, after all. It is the way it is. It feels strange that some should be taxed differently than others. 
At the end of the day, I think our tax code often hides the real effects of our political decisions, and simultaneously obscures their aims. Both the effects and the aims are, I suspect, usually far less clear-cut than we tend to think. That puts an intrinsic limitation on the extent to which our tax policy is subject to political supervision. In other words, I *don't* think we have the tax policy we deserve: we have a much worse one. The best course of action would be to reboot the whole tax code and start from square one. But that will never happen. I can think of worse outcomes than a transition to a bitcoin economy in which the government is incapable of effectively enforcing the existing tax code. Maybe that would force political actors to actually think carefully about why the tax code is the way it is, and the updated tax system in the Bitcoin-based U.S. economy would more closely reflect the actual values of the country's citizens.
@_date: 2013-07-20 17:37:24
The market maker should be subsidizing the market because an accurate prediction is valuable information that they can profit from and/or show to an audience along with ads. E.g. Intrade's presidential election market data was obviously as interesting and valuable to political journalists as professional polls. So intrade should have been showing ads on the page and doing everything in their power to make the market as liquid as possible. The information is the valuable product, not the transaction fees / commissions. 