@_author: sfo2
@_date: 2018-02-06 17:06:50
That's more or less what I'm saying.  For every Amazon.com, there were 50 Pets.com failures.  Secular market trends can take decades to shake out.
It might take a long time for people to figure out how to use blockchain technology in a productive way.
@_date: 2018-02-06 22:10:26
Interesting, thanks for your answer.  
The government accountability function seems obviously useful, especially for internationally watched events like elections where there is a need for accountable recordkeeping.  It could also make it easier to detect fraud at the start of authoritarian regimes, though as you say, it won't prevent foul play because rulers gonna do what rulers gonna do.
The smart contracts idea seems interesting, so long as the commodity or action is straightforward.  The anonymity piece is less interesting when a contract is between two know parties (eg a supply chain) or between two pieces of physical infrastructure.  Still, could reduce some friction in some cases. 
As you say, it will be interesting to see what people come up with.  Especially in the context of other nascent technologies like AI, IOT, etc.
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:34:27
Wait you've been through a gigantic bubble where the general public inflated the price of your assets by thousands of percent due to a combination of greed and stupidity?
I didn't know that had happened in the crypto markets before.  It happened with tech stocks in the late 90s, and it happened with housing prices in the mid-2000s, but as far as I know, crypto hasn't experienced a gigantic, widespread bubble of the type where my sister who has $200 to her name called me and asked me how to buy cryptocurrency.  Mass hysteria is pretty rare, and we're unlikely to see it again in this asset class.
IMO if you didn't sell everything during the bubble, it's unlikely you'll see a return like you could have had for years, maybe decades.
@_date: 2018-02-06 19:19:58
Well, I wouldn't' say it's completely different.  In this analogue, Pets.com is some shitty ICO selling vaporware.
The point was more that you can't hold Facebook, Amazon, and Google and say "the success of these 3 companies proves that the tech naysayers were all wrong."  There was a mania, followed by a whole heck of a lot of fraud and failure, followed by a shakeout, and a few winners picking up the pieces.  Secular change takes a long time to mature.
If blockchain/crypto is going to become an integral part of society, it would probably happen that way - very slowly, over 20 years, similarly to how the tech industry did.
@_date: 2018-02-06 15:05:41
I bought in 2013, and made several thousand percent when I cashed out.  I've been here a while, and I understand the technology.  
My personal best guess is that cryptocurrency will end up functioning mostly as a store of value, like gold.
I am also a skeptic of the impact blockchain technology will have.  I've been a business consultant for over a decade, working with Fortune 500s.  Nobody has been able to explain to me why using blockchain as a database is desirable in many scenarios.  I'd be happy to provide you with a list of questions I have, organized by potential application.  If you can answer them, I would be thrilled because I feel like I'm missing something here.  
@_date: 2018-02-07 15:31:30
10000/300 = 3333%
15000/300 = 5000%
Delta % = 1667%
You lost 1667% of your gains from your base.
The reason I'd put it in these terms is to illustrate how catastrophic that is in context.  I understand that rebasing would put you at 33% loss, but that simply does not properly illustrate the magnitude of what's happened.  It's a narrative trick.  
In other words, if you'd bought 10 bitcoins at 300, you've given up $50,000 in additional profit.  50000/3000 = 1667%.
@_date: 2018-02-07 00:12:51
You're correct, it doesn't make any sense.
Unless you believe the bubble's crash was predictable.  In which case, you could have had your gains but you purposely chose to forego them.  
Kind of like with gambling.  If you win a little money, you know the house is inevitably going to take it back if you keep playing.  So, many of us treat our winnings as not "our" money, and rather than walk away when the chips are up, we play into certain loss because whatever, it wasn't our money anyway so who cares if we lose it.  That's a gambling fallacy, and I think it applies here. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 20:05:54


That's the best explanation of blockchain potential I've ever heard.  Still, I'm skeptical that peer-to-peer is necessary for most things; why do I need blockchain to sell power to my neighbor?  I don't want to negotiate energy prices myself and arrange the transaction, I want someone else to do all that for me.  And if I don't want to do that myself, why do I need a base layer technology that is anonymous, non-reversible, and distributed for that?  It seems like there could be myriad solutions to that problem.
Why would your cellular provider allow you to sell 1MB of an unlimited plan?  They paid to build the infrastructure, and you just pay them an access fee.  I don't know that you have the rights to unlimited data if they don't want you to.
Same for the others.  Blockchain seems like a solution to problems that aren't problems, in many idealized use cases.  Perhaps I'm wrong, and everything will be uniquely coded to the individual, and new markets will develop for all of this stuff.
But I'm no futurist, and it's not obvious to me as of now why there won't be winners, losers, and dominant players facilitating any marketplace.  The internet was supposed to be the freedom utopia that blockchain now promises to be.  So I'd say 1) blockchain doesn't seem to me to have near the universal potential of the internet, and 2) even if it is, it seems like someone will probably figure out how to consolidate power in that space anyway.
@_date: 2018-02-06 17:40:19
Also I'm the worst gambler in existence.  My friends usually let me play like 5 hands of blackjack and then my "who cares, the dealer is just going to take all my money anyway" attitude gets me kicked off the table for being a debbie downer.  I'm the very embodiment of "they're not my chips" and I try and fight that instinct all the time!
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:29:25
Nah.  It's nothing to brag about.  My wife's ex boyfriend (who is an eccentric software developer) told us we should buy some of this bitcoin stuff in 2013.  So we looked into it and were like OK, may as well put in a couple grand.  The only work I did was half a day figuring out how to buy and trade BTC.
Then we sort of forgot about (or at least didn't pay attention to) that relatively minor investment until it was in the news around Oct-November.  I saw it going exponential, realized we made a shitload of money by sheer accident, and I had to scramble to figure out how to actually withdraw fiat currency.  That was back when Kraken's software was crashing all day, and I thought for sure they were going to Mt Gox me.
So yeah, it was mostly dumb luck and fear, to be perfectly honest.  I guess you can attribute a slight amount of foresight given that we put in a bit of work a few years ago, but we weren't following it daily or anything.
@_date: 2018-02-06 17:04:51
OK, so are you old timers selling a portion of your holdings during monster bear markets, and then buying again after the correction happens?  That's not even speculation if it's longer term secular trend trading, that's just locking in your gains and reallocating.
I bought at 300 and sold at 10,000.  If it goes back down to 1,000, I'll probably buy again.
Also, I generally agree with your stating that it's impossible to lose more than 100%.  What I'm talking about adjusting your base of investment if you KNOW the bottom is about to drop out.  This bubble basically followed Elliot wave to a T, so on the way up, it was pretty obvious it was going to fall.  If you know that's going to happen, I think it's OK to say you actually took losses on what could have been yours.  It's not like holding the S&amp;P through mild dips over 30 years.  This thing was a major, obvious bubble.
My presumption is that this was a black swan bubble event (and it sounds like I'm wrong there possibly?), then it's difficult to justify holding on if you believe the market is on the verge of violently correcting downward.  Then you're making the same mistake I make at the casino - the chips I've won aren't really "my" chips anyway, so if I lose some of them, who cares.  If you're GUARANTEED to lose your chips, there is no shame in selling some to lock in gains and reallocate.
@_date: 2018-02-06 22:47:28
That's true that current business relies mostly on trust.  But we do have many low-friction systems already in place, like EDI and automatic payment remittance, that assume either party delivers on an existing contract.  It works well for repeatable orders.
What really throws me for a loop, though, are the number of exceptions.  Customer X called and they need an extra 5 days to pay because their union went on strike, customer Z changed their order and do we want to honor it because they buy so much volume, oh shit line 4 went down and now we have to delay delivery on 2,000 orders.  It's that 10-20% of orders that drive what supply chain organizations do all day.  So I'm not sure how smart contracts would help with that stuff.  I read that smart contracts are supposed to solve disputes like "you said you'd do X but you didnt," but from what I've seen, that kind of thing is relatively rare.  Usually neither party is willing to piss off a supplier or customer.  
But as you say, who knows how this will go down in the future.  
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:43:46
They've been through drops where they lost thousands of percent of their gains before?  As far as I can tell from the charts, the market has never done this before.
If my cost base is $300, and the price goes up to $15,000, that's a 5,000% gain.  If it then goes down to $10,000, that's not a 30% loss, it's a loss of 1,700% from the initial cost base.  HODLers have potentially lost thousands of percent return through the bubble.
You're saying low cost base HODL true believers have lost that much before?
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:49:17
Hm, I wouldn't say an understanding of the technology is equivalent to believing it is the future.