@_author: sgcleveland
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:23:29


This is ambiguous. Are you saying I'm arguing for government intervention? I did not want to give that impression (e.g. I said "to suggest you want the government to intervene on your behalf seems to miss a lot of the point of Bitcoin"), perhaps you could point out what confused you so I can clarify?
Or are you saying that I'm arguing for "sitting and watching when shitty people attack" Bitcoin? I did not want to give that impression either (e.g. "It'd be fine to point out when shitty people do bad things"). 
If you disagree with those positions, that's great since then we'd be arguing the same side. 
However, you do seem to be ok with government regulation of Bitcoin. 


In which case, I would go back to the point that you're not really understanding the point of Bitcoin. It's not really a matter of whether the state should or should not regulate Bitcoin; it's not up to the state. Bitcoin is built to be censorship resistant. Venezuela can try to make Bitcoin miners register, but it won't go very well. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:46:00
It'd be fine to point out when shitty people do bad things, but that is not what this commenter suggested. 


@_date: 2017-12-21 15:27:49
I don't know if this argument holds up though. Those people could have bought the stock the day before from someone else. They could have even been indifferent to when they bought the stock. If that's true, then how could one person selling it be moral and another person selling it be immoral. The people who bought the stock the day before are just as screwed. The people who bought it the day before would be screwed even if there was no insider trading, since the company is bankrupt anyway in this example.  
Someone dumping the stock adds information to the market. If insider trading was legal, you'd have investigatory firms that spend lots of money infiltrating into companies, and you'd probably find out about a company having trouble way before they file for bankruptcy. In the long run fewer people might be screwed over. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:33:28
Good question. I believe only one side locks up funds. Someone please correct me on that if I'm wrong. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 13:15:29
Prepare your memes
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:23:23




Choose one. 
I don't care if you want the government to intervene. If Bitcoin is going to make it, it has to survive attacks by law-abiding adversaries, by criminals, and by the state. But to suggest you want the government to intervene on your behalf seems to miss a lot of the point of Bitcoin. And, yes, you are "allowed" to miss the point of Bitcoin, but I'm just surprised you would want to go on a Bitcoin forum and announce to everyone that you don't really grok Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:23:41
Here's the thing that I don't think people mention enough; Lightning Network requires the underlying Bitcoin layer. So if you don't want to use Lightning, you don't have to. No one knows for sure, but I've heard some convincing arguments that Lightning will tend towards centralization. If you want to use Lightning with multi-hops so that you open like one payment channel for 6 months and do all your transactions through that, you need to connect to someone who's willing to have lots of channels open, which will probably be a big bank-like entity. 
However, if the software gets there, opening up a channel directly to the coffee shop you frequent will be pretty easy. You can then avoid the privacy reduction by just having that channel dedicated to your coffee shop transactions. This will be more expensive though, and so you'll have to pay extra for that additional space on the Blockchain. You have to decide if that trade off is worth it. However, not having the choice at all (which is what BCH seems to offer) has to be worse because there is no trade off decision to make at all. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:51:43
Hopefully you don't mind, I find this interesting, so the post kind of wanders.
On lemons, I don't think it applies; there is a clear victim if someone lies about their car before selling it. The victim of insider trading is hard to find. It's not the person who bought the stock, since they put in an order without knowing about who was selling or not that day. They could have bought it from anyone, since stocks are commodified. The victim is all stockholders, collectively. Yet the vast majority of the cost borne by stockholders is due to the actual company being bankrupt. In fact, had the insider trading not occurred, everyone who bought stocks that day would have had to pay a bit extra for their stock. 
However, a better argument for your side is if the insider trader bought a ton of put options at high price from a market maker. The people holding those would be super screwed and clearly identifiable. I think it would make more sense to punish people who do those trades than public stock trading. However, that isn't what happened with Coinbase.
Also, it's worth noting that lemons are an information asymmetry problem regardless of whether selling them is immoral. Like even if you're a nice person and tell everyone who inquires all the problems with your car, they may think you are still hiding something, since everyone has to assume the car may be a lemon. Thus, we need other ways around this market failure. Government is one method, but it's got its own issues, not very agile, subject to political graft, etc. A better one is cheap inspections offered by local mechanics, which help fix the problem.  Another is companies like CarMax, which have a national corporate reputation that would be damaged if they sold lemons. 
The point being that long-run, as I mentioned before, allowing insider trading might actually be beneficial, as information leaks more freely when there are clear incentives to leak it. 


Well, information is valuable, and I don't think it's practical to expect everyone to have perfect information all the time (this is a consequentialist argument). It doesn't feel like you're an outstanding person, but just because someone lists something for cheap on craigslist doesn't seem like it should require you to tell them it's worth more. Maybe they know that, but are moving this week, maybe they have two of something and the second one just isn't worth the effort to talk to lots of buyers. And shouldn't anyone selling know not to take the first offer? In this example, no one is being forced to sell anything, so there's certainly not much of a deontological libertarian argument against it either.
In some sense, everyone in trade has access to information the other person doesn't have; this is the source of consumer surplus. You can buy cold medicine for cheap at a local pharmacy because the pharmacy has no way to price discriminate between rich people who are feeling terrible with a cold and would pay $200 for Sudafed, and someone who is cheap and only buying it just in case for $10 or whatever it normally is. This results in huge consumer surpluses on almost every good, yet no one would seriously argue pharmacies or grocery stores are getting ripped off because they can't tell how much you'd be willing to pay for every item. Some renters may be ready to do all sorts of bad things to an apartment, while some will leave it in perfect condition. Is this unfair that the landlord doesn't know what kind of renter their tenant will be? I don't think so. So then what makes insider trading economically special? 
@_date: 2017-12-07 13:14:23
I hope people are making their Captain Nemo memes for 20k. 
@_date: 2017-03-26 23:13:08


TBH, a really big part of my interest in Bitcoin are the apps that can be built on top of it using these protocols. So like what needs to be done to get Lightning, Rootstock/Drivechain? Sure, activating SegWit, but then what happens after that before we can build these apps? And what can individuals do to help, like spending money, running software, or coding?
@_date: 2017-03-30 13:42:02
Yeah it's lower than [Bitcoin's SegWit level]( 
[Groestlcoin]( is the only one I know of that [has activated SegWit](
[Vertcoin is next closest around 40%](
@_date: 2017-03-27 14:47:00
Exactly. We need decentralized algorithm based prediction markets ASAP. Although I don't want Hivemind implementation to get political so I've refrained from talking about it at all. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 14:09:50
I think it's a fair point to say that Bitcoin must be able to survive a group of self-interested (or even malicious) actors trying to attack the network. 
However, that doesn't explain the existence of alt-coins at all. If the market were as efficient as you claim, then there would be no miners for alt-coins, as it would be in their self-interest to only mine the longest chain, or most economically viable one. And I think to explain the existence of alt-coins, you have to point out that different alt-coins are different products from Bitcoin, and thus fulfill different roles in the market. The demand curves for alt-coins are thus distinct, although related, to the demand curve for Bitcoin. But BU and Bitcoin would follow some different rules. Perhaps calling BU an alt-coin is too politically charged, but it's clear that the two block chains would be incompatible. Therefore, the price of the two products would be different, as I believe the demand curves would also be distinct. 
I see miners as the supply curve, and what predicts how much BU vs Bitcoin will be mined is not necessarily who the miners want to back (i.e. rationally attack the shorter blockchain), but the demand curve of each, set by users. Basically, if the miners fork the blockchain, but users largely stay on Bitcoin Core, there will be a huge incentive for miners to come back and only mine 1 mb blocks and get rewarded with "Bitcoin Core" block rewards. That sounds like "rational" miner behavior to me. 
@_date: 2017-03-28 12:52:08
Well, the thing about open systems like Bitcoin is that if you want to download the blockchain and run a node, there's no law or institution stopping you. His description of "banks" is also probably different from what we normally think of as "banks". I don't think he's saying Bitcoin should be controlled by banks, but rather that day-to-day transactions would likely occur on LN infrastructure built on top on bitcoin. All that is left is for vendors to cash out/settle on the blockchain. They may outsource this to banks, or they may do it themselves, but they're outsourcing specialized knowledge, not giving up freedom. 
@_date: 2017-08-10 20:27:22
Where is the "any" key? 
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:38:11
Can someone explain how this can work? Can satellite internet connections sustain the bandwidth needed for block downloads?
@_date: 2017-11-03 13:25:42
No, no you're thinking of Yu-Gi-Oh, this is Vegita, he's from Digimon.
@_date: 2017-11-09 19:50:19
Absolutely. And first we would need drivechains to be implemented and everything that would entail, so yes, it's clearly a long road. I'm very interested in prediction markets and how they can be used to help solves lots of problems. However, there are clearly big obstacles to getting prediction markets done right, one of which is certainly liquidity. Hivemind may not solve that problem since you'd need lots of people engaging in each market to have good predictive power. 
But the oracle problem is still a big challenge, and I think Hivemind solves it better than most other systems I've seen. 
Also, I wanted to say hi Kyle, your Twitter feed is great and I check your Bitcoin news recap fairly often. 
@_date: 2017-11-07 01:07:19
How much does it actually cost to run an AWS full node, just to support the network against the attack? Like if I don't have enough bandwidth at home, would it help to put up a node on AWS?
@_date: 2017-11-09 15:18:39
I mean sure this is fine, but the big problem with these bets is the Oracle problem. If you want this right now, you can use predictious for Bitcoin betting. The problem is that predictious is the oracle and you have to trust them. Certainly a LN bet is great, but you have the same oracle problem. 
[Bitcoin Hivemind]( is a much more complete solution, since it has a specific way to solve the oracle problem in a decentralized way (see [this presentation](
@_date: 2017-04-24 20:05:23
Here's my attempt to explain neutrally.
There's an internal political struggle in Bitcoin right now. Bitcoin inherently resists changes, so all changes must come through a consensus, and right now, there is not a consensus on the best way to scale Bitcoin. 
The political fight could *very* briefly be described as between users who support the most common implementation of the Bitcoin wallet and node (known as Bitcoin Core) and those who generally oppose that implementation and the loose group of developers behind it. That's probably the most neutral stance you could take. Several of the mining pools are the high profile opponents of the Bitcoin Core implementation.
BU (Bitcoin Unlimited) is a Bitcoin implementation (and theoretical scaling solution) that is often run by people who oppose the Bitcoin Core implementation (including several mining pools). If it were to be run by a majority of miners (at least), it could result in a so called "hard fork" where new blocks created by a BU node would be rejected by nodes running the old software. It has also had some big bugs in its software so far.
SegWit is a bug fix for Bitcoin. It was developed by Bitcoin Core, although as a side effect, it would allow for some limited scaling for the Bitcoin network. It is also necessary for 2nd level applications on top of the Bitcoin network, such as the Lightning network, which may be a more permanent scaling solution. SegWit is a soft fork, meaning nodes could run the old software and not be excluded from the network. However, they wouldn't have access to any of the new feature SegWit allows you to do. 
The SegWit soft fork can only currently be activated if 95% of the miners signal their support. Since that is unlikely, with many miners instead supporting BU, some have advocated a "User Activated Soft Fork" (UASF), which would activate SegWit whether miners supported it or not. However, it's hard to say exactly how users would signal their support in this way. Miners have to do "work" to mine a signalling block, so that measurement means something. Users don't have this same requirement, although it does take some effort to set up a full node. 
There is going to eventually be some resolution to this debate. Maybe both groups could go their separate ways and have the market decide which blockchain consensus rules are better. However, there is not much incentive to do that, as there are network effects in Bitcoin and any chain split would reduce the value of the entire ecosystem. The network effects would likely mean any two-chain system would quickly collapse to one chain or the other. No one wants to be on the losing side, yet no side can convince the other, and so there has been political infighting and digging in, resulting in the current stalemate.
@_date: 2017-04-11 23:15:54
Leave Gary Alone!
@_date: 2017-04-19 15:59:44
Sure, but there seems to be little risk. If it fails, or you don't like it, you can continue to use the Bitcoin network just like you are using it now. 
And if LN is unhelpful, there are other second-level ideas out there too, like Drivechain, which would allow for sidechains connected to the Bitcoin network which could have their own rules or strategies. I just don't see the objection to providing an option for building things on top of Bitcoin. It seems to be an improvement by definition. 
@_date: 2017-04-19 19:04:47
Well, it's inefficient. If we have a system that can work, it would be less costly to fix this one than to move to another system. There are networking effects, so you want to be certain that the one that wins out has good foundations. Lots of people have been looking at Bitcoin code for a while, so it should be pretty good. 
@_date: 2017-04-19 12:44:33
I'm not a "Core supporter", I wouldn't personally mind a SegWit + 2 MB compromise, but that's mostly because second level applications seem like a great idea. I thought even liked the Lightning Network. What's written in this article seems pretty radical and bad.
SegWit would help scaling a fair amount, although its malleability fix is still pretty important. I'm not sure on whether ~1.7MB blocks would be enough to cover current transaction demand, but it would definitely drop the transaction fees.
I don't understand the objections to the LN. If you have a LN node, you have to have a Bitcoin address too, in order to be able to broadcast the Lightning transaction. Therefore, if you don't want to use the LN, you can just use a Bitcoin transaction instead, but you have to pay a higher transaction fee. The LN is strictly better than what we have now, because it **is** what we have now plus another method. And if you want to open a Lightning channel directly with a person, you'll probably be able to do that too and avoid a centralized LN hub. I can think of plenty of applications where this would be useful (i.e. LN channel to pay for 6 months of VPN subscription). 
The argument that SegWit makes it harder to scale the block size is possibly true (I don't know enough to say), but any block size increase will have to be a hard fork anyway. 
The final point is purely political. If the past points didn't win over people who disagree with whomever wrote this, this additional point is mostly useless. And no offense, but there are diverse implementations and developer groups, and some of them are building other cryptocurrencies which are rising to overtake Bitcoin as we sit here stuck in a political stalemate. 
If these actual technical points are true, then it sounds like a strong argument for a hard-fork to demonstrate in an open market that alternative code is better. If LN is really that bad, build an emergent consensus blockchain on your own and the market will follow. I just don't see that happening. 
@_date: 2017-04-03 17:46:34
Right....that's why there's been a scaling debate for 2 years over how best to fix that problem. 
@_date: 2017-04-12 13:44:53
Suppose SegWit never gets pushed through on Bitcoin, but it does on Litecoin. What else would Litecoin have to do to be a viable substitute toward Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-04-19 19:39:56
What about the responses to that? ([Luke]( and [Greg](
@_date: 2017-04-03 00:50:35
Bitcoin is over as soon as this political fight gets so expensive that other currencies catch up in a few years. 
@_date: 2017-04-03 21:51:29
So how does this work once it's "live"? Can you just run a LN node and then post it to the blockchain? Can it run without SegWit?
@_date: 2017-04-19 19:06:57
Objections to the LN are raised in this article. 
I thought the HK agreement was that SegWit would be released and then a hard fork blocksize increase would happen after it was adopted. 
@_date: 2017-09-20 20:03:26


Not things I thought I'd read on the Bitcoin subreddit. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 15:16:56
The author wrote in July in response to a piece Voorhees wrote. 
@_date: 2017-10-18 11:47:30
Yes. In countries where the legal currency is in serious trouble, it's obvious Bitcoin has a role. Venezuela's currency simply can't compete with Bitcoin's stability, and so even if it's ruled illegal, the practicality of the national currency's own doom is so overwhelming, people will still use Bitcoin. 
However, in developed countries, fiat offers a very good alternative to most people. If Bitcoin was made illegal in large parts of the developed world, at the very least the price would tank. I don't know if it would kill Bitcoin, but it might set back adoption for a long time, maybe even decades. This is a serious threat to Bitcoin, and the bigger Bitcoin gets, the more state attention it will receive. This poses a significant financial risk to hodlers IMHO.
@_date: 2017-10-23 18:18:16
Yes, but you're the one who posted it to the subreddit. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:30:08
What are you talking about? You don't even need a full node to stop that attack. SPV nodes have all the block headers. It's pretty easy to notice when someone tries to give you a block that doesn't build on the last one, when you have every block header and it takes up like 50 MB on disk.
@_date: 2017-10-27 11:52:24
OH. You mean a chain reorg from the beginning of time. Yes that's theoretically possible. You'd still have to spend a lot of computing power, which means it would take a very long time. And, I don't actually know how nodes figure out timestamps in a reorg, meaning you might have to find them at a vastly higher difficulty than when they were originally found. 
I really don't think that type of attack is worth worrying about. It would be insanely risky for a miner to do that. They might have to repeat computation for the entire blockchain, which would take years. If another mining group overtook them during the attack, all their attack resources would be wasted. 
@_date: 2017-10-03 14:12:21
This is very well written, and honestly despite trying to keep up with Bitcoin and the scaling debate this past year, this was the first time I really understood the point about UTXO set growth. Really worth working through this article. Lots of of good information there despite the length. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 15:21:30
I've been looking for something to go in depth on Bitcoin for a while. It's harder than you'd think to find resources to learn Bitcoin on a technical level, not just a "I want to use it" level. This is amazing. 
@_date: 2017-10-06 12:24:19
Ok, then buy BT2 tokens on Bitfinex. It's at 0.3 BTC right now, so you stand to triple your money. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:55:32
Good point
@_date: 2018-02-07 14:09:02
I think it's simpler than this. Bitcoin (or Ethereum) is ruled by "consensus". "Consensus" is subjective, like value. Individuals will disagree on what each coin is "worth" and so they will disagree on who is following "consensus", since these concepts are linked. Ethereum Classic may be following the original rules, but many more people/market power have accepted the "consensus" that Ethereum post fork is the right one. 
Likewise, I'd argue that there is a greater "consensus" that the "original" or "most accumulated work" chain of Bitcoin is the "real" Bitcoin. You could look at accumulated mining difficulty since that should reflect user demand, but perhaps market capitalization is a useful measure as well. I'm not sure that anyone can exactly define "consensus" because it's a mental state, a market opinion. 
@_date: 2017-10-06 14:00:34
Is that because you don't think 90% of miners will back SegWit2X?
@_date: 2017-10-24 15:32:48


I don't think it needs to be that complicated. Increasing the block size imposes costs on nodes in the network. The magnitude of that cost is in contention (i.e. we don't really know), but it's clear that the person who knows that cost the best would be the people running the nodes. So we can take a look at revealed preferences and notice that most nodes don't seem to be supporting the 2X fork. There's no real need to yell at people on the internet, we can just look at what people are doing. Nodes don't seem to be supporting it, so I guess the costs are too high as judged by the people bearing the costs. That seems to make it pretty simple. 
However, you also cast aside many other objections people have to this fork outside of the block size increase. I don't think those should be discounted so easily. Perhaps some people are ok with a block size increase, but don't like how this hard fork was implemented. It's fairly common for people to enforce norms on people in a community who break the norms even if the actual actions of the rule breakers isn't actually that bad. Societal norms can be highly valuable, and so if you are arguing that "yeah the 2X fork was done in a scummy way, but the underlying block size is a good idea", that's fine. But I wouldn't be surprised when other people are uncomfortable with your endorsement of breaking the social norms.  
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:30:58
Exactly. Worst case, 51% attacks can censor some transactions, but other miners can just include them later. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 14:52:33
The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the most blatantly insane, government overreaching cyber law ever created is being touted on as a good idea. Now I've seen it all. 
@_date: 2017-05-26 15:20:24
Those are a lot of claims. Maybe you should hold off and see what code is written for the Silbert agreement (none is written right now AFAIK), and see if SegWit is actually "another version". In fact, I'm skeptical such software could even exist. Does Segregated Witness break all ASICBoost or just the "covert" type? If it's just the covert type, could the witness even be segregated without breaking it? I don't have the technical knowledge here.
Moreover, I think there's a more important critique: they have no code written for this agreement, so we should be skeptical it's happening at all, especially given the low amount of input they got from the technical community. 


That's an interesting prediction, but it seems relatively easy to get an Antminer and test it out yourself. That information would be hugely beneficial to everyone involved in Bitcoin and this entire debate. I don't think I'm going to do it myself, because I think the chances it is true are extraordinarily low. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 18:40:04
Well actually there would be a chain split on August 1st, because some nodes would start rejecting non-SegWit signalling blocks. That's the whole idea. The new chain would only have blocks from SegWit signalling mining pools, and thus it would be shorter than the legacy chain, which would have both. However, a smaller, SegWit-signalling chain would then activate SegWit even if there were no miners mining actual SegWit transaction blocks. 
There's a chance then that SegWit signalling miners would be concerned by the chain split and actually stop signalling SegWit at all, that would be the only way to have nothing happen on August 1st. 
@_date: 2017-05-08 03:24:44
Holy crap. Can you imagine if there was a whole untraceable crypto currency that could let anyone buy drugs? The horror!
@_date: 2017-05-25 13:47:20
Except for...you know...the invention of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 19:18:09
Yes, but if this proposal is to hold, we don't want to endanger it by adding too much to the hardfork, given past consensus issues. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 18:53:12
Isn't this only true if other miners don't use ASICBoost as well?
@_date: 2017-05-23 12:59:29
Perhaps you are correct. In some ways I kind of hope you are, as I'm very concerned that a low support fork could hobble along. I don't know if users would act rationally and abandon the chain even if it's not economical. They could force it along and have it pop up later with full SegWit support. That would force the rest of users to choose between a new SegWit supported altchain that might have their Bitcoins on it (depending on how old their input transactions are) and a non SegWit main chain with a higher hashrate. I think this would be one of the worse possible outcomes. If you say it can't happen, well that's better for everyone.
@_date: 2017-05-17 13:35:01
What sorts of regulatory pressures do you envision? The IRS already technically requires you to report any sold Bitcoin profits as capital gains. But essentially no one does it. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 22:55:14
As I stated before, the driver of value is the demand for the coin. I agree that if there isn't sufficient demand for a new forked chain, there won't be many miners and the chain won't be that great. The only point of disagreement is how we are using the term "risk". There's always risk that you're not mining the best chain; right now Bitcoin miners are "risking" that they're not mining an altcoin. The risk is that the mining PoW won't be valued by the users; that's always the risk. 
Miners will know the value of the minority coins via any exchange that is set up to buy or sell coins between the two chains, just like any other alt coins. 
It's certainly possible that the UASF chain will be crappy, but it has a significant chance of continuing to exist despite low miner support. Plenty of alt coins still exist despite small use cases. But on this chain, millions of user already have coins, and while the first 2016 blocks are a problem, if no one is mining, the future marginal revenue per unit of electricity input could be very high. 
Again, I'm not even saying BIP 148 is a good idea or anything. I'm just saying that lack of miner support on August 1st won't kill the chain unless there's also no user support. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:20:25
No, I made a mistake as pointed out by I agree then that 0% mining share would result in a chain stoppage. But it appears that there are miners willing to build on top of a the UASF chain, at least that's what Bitfury has indicated. If this holds, there will still be a chain split on Aug 1, regardless of whether we like UASF or not. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:43:00
This isn't exactly accurate either. If there's a chain split, there are two separate coins. The value of a coin on each chain depends on demand for each. For the first 2016 blocks on the new chain (and the first on the old chain), the difficulty will remain the same, but the reward will be reduced on both, relative to the market valuation of each chain. 
The choice isn't to "risk" mining on one chain while the other chain is stable. That may be true, but it may not be. If the market values a soon-to-be SegWit enabled chain more than a non SegWit enabled one, the block reward could be much higher on the new chain, even with very few miners. This is thus a function more of exchanges and services that support the new chain more than the miners. That's my point. 
To be clear, I think BIP 149 is better than BIP 148. But I think the lack of miner support on a UASF chain is not the problem; it's the lack of user services and fungibility. 
@_date: 2017-05-11 18:01:36
I think you guys are too hard on them. Bitcoin is still pretty arcane to most people. Only one of the 5 said it was crazy. Another hedged and said if China clamped down on Bitcoin trading, it could see a big value drop off. 2 others said they didn't know enough to determine whether it was "unhackable". Obviously they don't know crypto, but they get that Bitcoin can be used to get around capital controls, and they also get that it's fairly risky and volatile. None of those observations are improper, especially if you don't know about crypto systems and thus what the long term potential of Bitcoin can be. 
@_date: 2017-05-09 19:17:17
[I wrote this a while ago]( it covers some of those things.
@_date: 2017-05-22 20:28:51
So if you take a look at [BIP 148]( you'll see this: 


The header being set here is not the implementation of SegWit, it is the signalling for SegWit. When you say:


This is partially true, but not necessarily relevant. The miners may or may not be supporting UASF, but if they are signalling SegWit, their blocks will be included in 2 chains come August 1st. 
This is why BIP 148 is so powerful and possibly dangerous: given today's mining landscape, it would result in a chain split right now, and one chain would be guaranteed to activate SegWit, regardless of exchanges supporting that chain or even regardless of miners actually mining SegWit blocks once the new chain has SegWit activated.
@_date: 2017-05-03 20:25:08
In order to work properly, it needs SegWit. You can apparently implement it without it, but I think it's fairly complex and not well tested if done that way. 
If you want more technical details, someone else will need to help you out.
@_date: 2017-05-22 18:37:15
Well, if all we care about is SegWit and the technical benefits of that, what does it matter if we get SegWit and ASICBoost stays? I think there are better reasons to criticize the leaked "backroom deal", in that it makes little technical sense. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 19:06:38
I'm sympathetic to this view, but it's also important to avoid simply thwarting any optimization that occurs. We would want to avoid looking like we are punishing a specific person with whom we disagree. If other miners could implement ASICBoost themselves without interfering with SegWit (that sounds dubious), then ASICBoost isn't the problem. 
Assuming the leaked deal is actually the deal that was struck (there has been no large announcement as far as I know), I would oppose it on the grounds that it has no technical basis in reality; it cannot activate SegWit immediately without activating BIP 141, which it seems to reject. It promises a supposed hard fork in September with no code having been written yet. That doesn't make sense. If we are going to wait to activate SegWit later, then BIP 149 is the way to do that, not whatever this deal is. The implications of this deal with ASICBoost are concerning, and would provide an explanation as to why it makes so little technical sense, but ultimately seem more of a side issue compared to the problems I see with it. 
@_date: 2017-07-01 15:06:54
How is it a consensus breaker if the software gets miners on board to activate SegWit?
@_date: 2017-05-26 15:07:55
Exactly. This is why I was so confused that the agreement said they would implement SegWit "immediately". They can't really do that. 


The reality is this could take quite a while. I think the only real question is whether it will be deployed and signaled before August 1st. If it isn't, there will be a lot of push towards BIP148 in the lead up. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:43:29
[It seems the concerns voiced by Shaolin Fry are still there]( how are they going to immediately implement SegWit via bit 4 if BIP 141 is using bit 1? They would need to write and deploy code before implementing SegWit. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 02:39:09
Can someone explain what the difference is between Rootstock and [Drivechains]( Does one implement the other? Are they separate proposals?
@_date: 2017-07-01 15:30:03
That's very poetic and perhaps may even be true, but I am unfamiliar with such events. Could you provide some sources as to what you are talking about? 
Otherwise, could you explain how the SegWit2x code in particular is consensus breaking if it gets miners on board with SegWit, something most of the rest of the community already seems to like?
Miners being self-interested is a true observation, but as everyone already knows that, I don't know what it has to do with breaking consensus. 
@_date: 2017-05-03 22:17:38
Haha well that's sort of the main source of conflict over the past few months at least, and really more than a year. 
Read my comment [here]( for an explanation of the whole scaling debate. 
If you want SegWit to be activated, one of the more interesting solutions is a User Activated Soft Fork. You can read a quick summary in my linked comment and more in depth at [this discussion today](
@_date: 2017-05-24 17:00:52
Well isn't that the billion dollar question? 
@_date: 2017-05-03 22:21:17
It's an idea. But if people are supporting SegWit because it's a soft fork, then a blocksize increase would turn it into a hard fork, which might have less support. So it's hard to say. What data we have seems to indicate SegWit right now is being supported by a huge swath of full nodes. A fundamental change to the malleability fix (like having it be a hard fork) might damage that support level.  
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:37:10
Yes, people have been discussing the scaling issue for quite some time!
Have you heard of the [Lightning Network]( It's a pretty cool idea that would make payment channels mostly offline from the blockchain, using the security of the Bitcoin blockchain for settlement after many transactions. 
Or have you heard of [Drivechain]( This would allow for pegs to sidechains of the Bitcoin blockchain, which would allow for transactions to occur off the Bitcoin mainchain, while letting people transfer money in and out of sidechains. These sidechains could support all sorts of different applications and smart contracts. 
@_date: 2017-07-01 16:19:01


Can you clarify here? A SegWit block mined by a miner using the SegWit2x software just looks like a SegWit block to a node, right? So how does that break consensus?
Or do you mean, once the hardfork happens down the line, *that* breaks consensus?
@_date: 2017-05-22 20:43:08
That's a good point. It seems likely that some miners will want to jump in if the market demand is high enough, but yeah you do need someone to mine on top of that block. 
[It looks like Bitfury might do that actually](
@_date: 2017-05-22 20:39:48
Right. I think that would be a much stronger point. Although I am not sure how powerful patents are in Bitcoin, given the whole point is anonymous currency. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 03:11:53
[Here is an explanation I wrote](
@_date: 2017-05-22 18:35:14
Can you clarify? What do you mean aren't controlled through centralization?
@_date: 2017-07-01 20:32:39


This is confusing. Is the entire security of all sidechains based on just 15 entities? That seems very low, doesn't it?
@_date: 2017-07-19 16:21:08
Do you have a link? I hadn't heard this.
@_date: 2017-07-15 20:35:48
I'm not being obtuse. The one person said there has been a blocksize increase out since last year. This is true. 
There certainly are other proposals to make blocks even larger, but that doesn't have anything to do with the fact that SegWit would allow for more transactions per block, and would require nodes to download more data per block. How else can you define a block size increase?


That's subjective, but again, you said there isn't a block size increase made available by Core, when one has been available since November. 


If it's a problem that there are too many on chain transactions, you have to move them off chain. But then you say you don't want anything off chain. If you want no limits on block size, that's a position, but it's somewhat reckless and unsustainable. 
Why don't we start with a small blocksize increase and move on from there?
@_date: 2017-05-04 15:06:55
It's the same currency, they just hard forked it in 1973.
@_date: 2017-05-22 14:05:45
Yeah will we ever get a finalized announcement?
@_date: 2017-07-20 20:52:03


Ah I see so now that you've decided it I guess we don't need to check with everyone else who was buying things on those sites of their own free will. 
Plus, this means instead of going to a website where a seller could have a reputation and market forces could prevent people from putting extra stuff in their drugs, now people will go buy things in person, where it's much more dangerous. And you're more likely to be buying something cut with something else. 
@_date: 2017-07-15 15:56:36


*Links to something only Luke Dash Jr said*
Apparently one person's position in a large decentralized organization now counts for everyone's. 
It is a fact that SegWit was released by Bitcoin Core in late 2016. Are you arguing the point that SegWit doesn't count as a block size increase? Perhaps then you should read this [explainer]( 
@_date: 2017-07-14 16:56:18
July 21, BIP 91 Signalling is set to start (on bit 4). This would be done by miners supporting the SegWit2x agreement. BIP 91 would allow for SegWit to activate with a very short activation window. It could be locked in as early as July 23, and I believe the deadline is July 29.
Miners appear to be signalling that they will activate BIP 91. If  they are being truthful, we will have SegWit activated by July 29th at latest. If even a few are lying, the miners signalling BIP 91 would drop below the required 80% and SegWit would not activate. 
August 1 is the deadline for the BIP 148, the User Activated Soft Fork, where all nodes running that software will begin rejecting non-SegWit signalling nodes (BIP 141 signalling on bit 1). If BIP 91 is activated before then, nothing much should happen. If not, there likely will be a (at least for a small amount of time) chain split. This will depend on whether miners mine on the BIP 148 chain and whether exchanges will trade on it. There appears to be quite a few nodes supporting BIP 148, but without big exchanges, miners may not want to mine the chain if they can't then liquidate those Bitcoin for cash to pay their costs. 
That's about as far as I'm willing to predict. I think the chances of SegWit2x and BIP 91 depend on whether miners will stick to the agreement. In the scenario where BIP 91 fails to activate, the chances of BIP 148 success depends on where economic power lies. There is uncertainty surrounding the true values of these factors, and there has been a lot of debate surrounding them.  
@_date: 2017-07-20 20:54:03
Yeah, but right now non-SegWit (bit 1) signalling blocks are majority hashrate. 
@_date: 2017-05-26 18:59:05
No one cares. Make your money off the dumb people and you'll be rich. Isn't that good enough?
@_date: 2017-07-01 15:31:57
I saw [this on twitter](
@_date: 2017-07-01 16:34:24
This makes much more sense. I would tend to agree with you that the hard fork is pretty risky. Although, at that point, we would already have SegWit implemented and there would be no going back. So here is the fundamental question as I see it: is creating software for miners to run that will hard fork several months after SegWit activates bad enough to wipe out the benefits from finally getting SegWit activated?
If there are seriously no nodes that would accept the hard fork, and the expected value of that chain is low, many miners might abandon running that software anyway, at which point we would have SegWit and no hard fork. 
@_date: 2017-05-03 21:53:55
I agree with your first paragraph. However, on the second point, "ideally" is the operative word. SegWit is likely the only fix that can be done via a soft fork, so it seems unlikely that another malleability fix could have a higher level of consensus. 
@_date: 2017-06-22 11:15:19
Not really. Electricity is an input in securing the network. Miners use that input to secure the network, and are paid with mining rewards, which they use to pay for the electricity. The market clears. 
This is like asking if cars are a "waste" of steel. Steel is indeed an input of cars, and when you use that steel for cars, you can't use that steel again (until the car is scrapped). But if people buy the car, then the steel isn't wasted, it's used.
The way it differs is that the price the network pays for security is fixed in Bitcoin (network security can never exceed electrcity input of 12.5 Bitcoin / 10 minutes). But since the value of Bitcoin itself can fluctuate, it's still somewhat of a market, it's just that demand for space on the blockchain is converted to willingness to pay for security at a fixed rate. 
@_date: 2017-06-09 01:24:05
Ron Paul is a bit doom and gloom, but it's not *entirely* stupid. It's hard to have big intercontinental wars without big centralized states, and it's hard to have big centralized states without big central banks. 
@_date: 2017-06-27 12:40:20
Couple points.
1) LN is one layer two method. Drivechains are another. Have you read the post stickied to the top of the subreddit? You could create a Drivechain implementation of MimbleWimble and just swap out your Bitcoins for that, and conduct transactions on a more secretive and scalable sidechain. There could even be several Drivechains with different implementations, competing for who is most decentralized and safer. That's one solution.
2) The other point is that the Lightning Network doesn't get rid of Bitcoin. By definition, if you are conducting a LN transaction, you need a Bitcoin address to broadcast the final transaction with. If you feel like the LN is too centralized, you can pay higher fees for space on the more decentralized layer. This seems like a good trade-off to accommodate competing preferences for transactions on the Bitcoin network. 
I think we should have both. And honestly Drivechains are really the best answer here, as they could allow for a drivechain with much larger block sizes if that's what people wanted, and we could see whether they were successful or not without harming the main chain. 
@_date: 2017-06-28 15:12:03
On this specifically: 


Isn't that what happens with *blind* merge mining though? Have you read  ?
One disadvantage to “blind merge mining”, is that if miners never validate sidechains at all, whoever bids the most for the chain (on a continuous basis), can spam a 3-month long stream of invalid headers, and then withdraw all of the coins deposited to the sidechain. Since the mining is blind, and the sidechain-withdrawal security-level is SPV, miners who remain blind forever have no way of telling who “should” really get the funds.




On everything else, yeah I agree. 
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:55:52
I hope so, but I'm concerned about the long term viability. See the essay [here](
The short summary is: Augur can't pay its oracles/market deciders if Gnosis or another new Ethereum app cannibalizes its market decisions without paying any oracles.   
@_date: 2017-06-15 16:49:26


They realize not that winning is impossible, but that it's far too risky to keep mining the legacy chain without replay protection. There's no upside to mining the legacy chain. At best, they continue on with the status quo because BIP148 dies. At worst, they lose all mining rewards mined on the chain after Aug 1 with a reorg. 
They think their product is better than SegWit (or they have to because of ASICboost or whatever), so in order to try it, they *have* to hard fork the chain or else suffer the risks outlined in this article. 
@_date: 2017-06-01 19:03:51
Prediction markets. [Hivemind]( is a cool project on this. With prediction markets, we can aggregate human knowledge for interesting events in a decentralized fashion. This rewards people for inputting their knowledge into the market, and even people who don't participate get benefits. You could even have entire decentralized insurance markets this way (you buy shares of "hurricane hits my city in September 2017"). 