@_author: sgs2342342
@_date: 2016-01-05 23:49:02
You can't know for sure.. fancy clients could try to guess by watching how much other transactions that were recently included in a block have paid ( i don't know if any do this yet, but it will happen eventually ). It's like any market.. all you can do is advertise your transaction with your fee and hope someone takes it.. the market conditions could change suddenly and then your fee might no longer be enough to get included in the time that you'd like.. so then you can increase your fee and try again.. the thing is that with RBF you can now do that whereas before you basically would have to wait until everyone had forgotten about your transaction before you can replace it with one paying a higher fee.. and all the while there's still a chance the old one might go through, so you can't just pay again with some other money or you risk double paying. As fees increase people will try to bid as little as possible which makes it more likely for their transactions to get stuck - this is why RBF is needed.
@_date: 2016-01-05 23:57:57
I'm not really up on all the nuances of the different possible RBFs, but 0 conf was already plenty insecure.. if it were ever used in any large scale operation it would be abused.. it is only because it's mostly used in infrequent face to face transactions inside a relatively small bitcoin community that it's safe.. and in such a context it will probably remain fairly safe because people are relatively honest. 0conf could not for example be used on an unattended vending machine, even for low value items like soda because it would be robbed.. sure it wouldn't work every time but with a vending machine you just keep trying and in 3 or 4 goes you'd have it.
@_date: 2016-01-05 21:34:43
That's how bitcoin works and always has. RBF makes it so that when you don't pay enough you can send more rather than have to wait a couple of days and try again.
@_date: 2016-01-05 20:57:04
Without RBF, if you send some btc and it doesn't get confirmed in the time that you'd like (and maybe never will if it has dust or is otherwise considered non-standard) there's nothing you can do about it other than wait for it to fall out of everyone's memory pool.. or at least one miner's memory pool and delete the transaction from your own wallet (how? it's probably not even in the UI) and then randomly try re-broadcasting a new transaction until the one who dropped it sees the new transaction and mines a block. Basically this is highly unpredictable and a terrible user experience where your money is in limbo, potentially for days.
RBF solves this.. it's absolutely necessary imo and well worth the cost of 0 conf transactions that cant be trusted anyway. If you trust the person paying you, you can still accept 0 conf post RBF and probably most people are honest. Any large scale retail deployment of bitcoin is never going to use 0 conf bitcoin transactions anyway.. it'll have to be some kind of offchain solution or maybe lightning.