@_author: sgtdirtymike
@_date: 2018-01-29 15:49:42
Really really impressive stuff. Bought your app and plan on using it! Fellow iOS dev here. A couple tips: 
For the loading wheel, those you can apply constraints to, so you can just apply some horizontal constraints to center it. 
Secondly for the initial load, I saw your comment about a caching server. That’s a great idea, but it’s more infrastructure for you to run. I would do a lazy load on the crypto prices, so run an API call for the first few items, and then display those while the others load in. This way the likely most relevant information will be displayed promptly to the user and they can wait for some of the more obscure cryptos. Additionally I would make the table non-empty to begin with. Start the app by listing all the cryptos by name, and then fill in the price data asynchronously. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 02:04:57
Since you are an investor, is it incorrect of me to assume you are likely 30+? I think there is a fundamental generational gap that people struggle with, and this explains why Bitcoin is such an enigma to older generations. I would never tell anyone to for sure invest all their money in Bitcoin, but to disregard its value entirely suggest one simply doesn't understand it.
@_date: 2017-12-11 22:44:45
Yes, but it has mathematical rarity, at least on this planet. It's scarcity also makes it rather difficult to obtain, which implies effort in its acquisition. Bitcoin is not dissimilar. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:14:59
How did that happen? Clearly if you had kept your money in and not gotten antsy you could’ve sold at 19.5k. Bitcoin has been on a upwards trend for well over a year. It’s sad that you mismanaged your money so poorly. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 04:00:27
I just read. Ha! OP invested in a stock that went BANKRUPT. Bitcoin cannot go bankrupt as long as there exists the web. What a fool he is.
@_date: 2017-12-12 01:16:28
Again, this is a bad argument.
If all of our energy was renewable, and it very well will be eventually because we will run out of fossil fuels, and say we used solar to generate 100% of the power used in the mining network, then what's the problem? We use electricity and industry to mine gold, to build superconductors. That increases CO2 production and pollution too.
I realize it's not renewable *yet*. But the point is that it very well could and should be.
@_date: 2017-12-11 03:57:07
He was stupid to do it either way. You never invest more than you can stand to lose, let alone in a stock. This is Finance 101. Bitcoin is different as it has the potential to not burst any time soon, as the mining difficulty increases exponentially. That's not to say there is no great risk. But the chances are the value will only increase.
@_date: 2017-12-12 00:15:49
We are in a digital age. If you are comparing a king's crown to decrypting incredibly difficult and complex mathematical formulas, it is abundantly clear you have no idea how to bridge the gap - how to make such an analogy. As we mined and scoured for gold with our physical strength, we decrypt coins with the power of machines built with our minds. 
Is winning a Nobel prize in mathematics monetarily valuable or intellectually valuable? Or is it both? Is it the prize itself that holds value or the sum intellectual property developed to earn it? To begin to answer that question is to actually understand here why Bitcoin has value. A simple comparison doesn't do. I will not attempt to tell you to "invest in Bitcoin". I think it is important however to at least understand it, and not make such simple comparisons.
Secondly, your point about beanie babies is completely illogical. I could start selling my shit on the streets and assign it a value. It's rare (comes only from me), took "effort" to produce, and is "unique" in that the chemical composition varies dependent on what I ate the night before. This is the case with my shit, this is the case with beanie babies, this is the case with stocks of companies that go belly up.
This is capitalist economics my friend. The difference with Bitcoin is that it is the first currency that holds intellectual value. Imagine if Bitcoin was actually mining coin for protein folding or genetic sequencing. The potential that such a widely distributed network of computing power has could bring humanity itself to such great heights. 
Gold will never solve human problems, and neither will beanie babies. I agree, it's all human and all made up. Bitcoin relies on some fundamental processes in our universe, it relies on mathematics and how we envision and explain the world. 
To see it through such a narrow lens is to saddening, because you've completely missed the point.
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:18:11
Ha. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 23:12:06
Before the semiconductor was invented, there wasn't much of a use for gold outside of displaying ones own wealth. I would argue it had value even before it had a use. Its use cases now have only driven its value and its scarcity. 