@_author: shableep
@_date: 2014-10-02 19:34:58
Ah, right. Yeah, this sounds just as likely, really.
@_date: 2014-10-02 14:36:35
I totally agree.


@_date: 2014-11-24 18:22:07
Well, sadly, I'd say that it will probably take a while. The cryptocurrency revolution seems to be a slow going but inevitable one. I agree with most here that I would rather have the cryptocurrency revolution happen soon. But there are very large social constructs dependent on the way money works today, and there are those that benefit greatly from those social constructs, like the banking system. Bitcoin will obviously simplify how we deal with money and make it much more dynamic when it does catch on. But, right now, the way money is handled is heavily culturally and socially ingrained, and social change takes time.
I'm hoping social awareness of bitcoin will eventually put pressure on Wall Street to embrace bitcoin. But there's a possibility that the world of cryptocurrency will leave the United States behind. I'm afraid that would happen, which is why I would rather Wall Street embraced bitcoin. I have family here, and I don't want to have to move because my government didn't know how to modernize enough to participate in the new world economy.
@_date: 2014-04-16 19:59:56
Yeah, definitely.
@_date: 2014-04-23 14:57:17
this is really fascinating to me. it'd be cool to see peoples thoughts on the merits or disadvantages of a more valuable proof of work algorithm.
edit: so, looks like i'm being down voted for trying to start a discussion on the possible merits of alternative proof of work algorithms. don't get me wrong, i think bitcoin is great. but with bitcoin being in it's early stages, it seems important to discuss the possible negative aspects of bitcoin in it's current state. i was thinking the community would be receptive to constructive analysis of potentially better uses of their cpu cycles, or even the legitimacy of alternative proof of work algorithms. i was hoping this would be the community for that sort of discussion.
@_date: 2014-03-05 06:40:34
If you've still got one, an invite would be awesome. And I think you do need an invite still. I signed up for the beta a while ago and didn't get any email from them yet. :/
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:24:23
If this is true, it seems very weird to me that a guy that believes so deeply in anonymity would use his real name online. That just doesn't make any sense...
@_date: 2014-10-02 19:43:48
It's still, potentially, a great tool to transfer value between financial institutions. Sort of like an interop layer between banks. If banks around the world were running on bitcoin, and had an interface with exchanges, transferring value between organizations could be completely automated. For example, if I wanted to send you $1, and both of our banks accepted bitcoin, all I would have to do is send your bank account $1 in BTC, and your bank would use its interface with a bitcoin exchange to convert and deposit $1 into your bank account. In fact, I could communicate with your bank which exchange I'm purchasing my bitcoin from, and both banks could buy and sell from the same exchange. We're still a long way away from something as seamless as this happening, but it's a really cool possibility to consider.
@_date: 2014-04-23 15:29:48
yeah, kinda seems like he isn't really willing to acknowledge how useful bitcoin already is without the world saving proof of work. he admits that bitcoin is more democratic in nature, which seems like a way to make the world better. so if he wants to take one step to make the world better, more democratic money sounds pretty good...
@_date: 2014-10-02 19:34:10
I'd love to read their take on the same subject. Do you have a link?
@_date: 2014-10-02 20:17:15
That'd be great. Then, crazy enough, Ripple could even provide a seamless interchange between USD and BTC. Sounds like Ripple, in that case, could maybe be used to build a bridge from banks to bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-23 15:28:12
ah, yeah. good point. plus, we have a bunch of altcoins experimenting with alternative methods for proof of work. sounds like, possibly, when we're ready, we'll jump on to a different cryptocurrency. or bitcoin will implement the best aspects of the most successful altcoins somewhere down the line. sounds like it's all part of a gradual evolutionary process.
sounds like the guy in the blog post just doesn't like bitcoin at it's current state, even though it is a measurable improvement over the status quo.
@_date: 2014-04-16 17:52:49
I love this idea. I live in the US and would love to buy some whenever it's available.
@_date: 2014-10-19 13:45:23
OP specifically said "blockchain related programs". This could be anything that utilizes blockchain technology, like "Lighthouse". OP seems to really be asking how to program decentralized software on top of the blockchain, which is a really interesting and worthy effort. So I'm not sure why you're driving this conversation into a thread about altcoins.
@_date: 2017-04-26 17:30:01
The conditions are actually very reasonable. Currently the block size is not an issue with Litecoin, so they made it part of the agreement to prepare for a block size increase when capacity is over 50%:


@_date: 2017-04-26 17:39:00
The conditions were actually really reasonable and understandable. The agreement was for developers to look into increasing block size when capacity reaches 50%. Nothing about the implementation of Segwit has changed.


@_date: 2013-12-01 08:37:31
Just a few thoughts. Coinbase has, so far, seemed very trust worthy and has a list of very visible employees on their site. The fact that they're putting their faces and names out to the public leads me to trust them more than other Bitcoin companies. [
Bitcoin v0.9 will add support for refunds, and it's planned to add an escrow service that could function similarly to a charge back. The features are on their way, and I'm sure more features will be added later. Eventually bitcoin will have more features than cash or credit. I'm pretty excited about that.
I agree that the fanboy mentality definitely hinders the clarity and honesty of information and debate, but r/Bitcoin is only one part of the bitcoin community. If you want to hear other oppinions, try [bitcointalk.org]( or check out the awesome bitcoin podcast at [letstalkbitcoin.com]( They often bring up a lot of important questions about bitcoin. 
I wouldn't say bitcoin is in shambles. I would say that bitcoin and bitcoin services are still in their infancy. Services are improving, and they do have a way to go still. But from the beginning of bitcoin until now, services have slowly improved, and look as though they'll continue to do so.
@_date: 2013-08-24 16:28:18
I'm just genuinely wondering what makes you think ASIC mining would kill bitcoin? Is it that you're worried the cost to mine might eventually outweigh the reward? If that's the worry, it'd only be a temporary one until faster technology comes out.
@_date: 2013-12-06 10:40:16
The Bitcoin Foundation is pretty reliable. So is Coinbase. I guess what I'm saying is that there are those who have a reputation they'd rather not tarnish and could even use the positive publicity. 
Or something like what bangers89 said (multi sig wallet + law firm). I feel like there has to be a way to pull this off. Maybe there's more clever way that would show off aspects of bitcoin's features. Escrow, maybe?
@_date: 2013-10-18 14:59:32
This seems pretty cool, but I can't tell how much time passed during the animation. Hard to tell the impact without knowing how fast this is all happening. I'm guessing this is showing the past 6 months.
@_date: 2013-12-06 12:06:31
I think Woo is underestimating bitcoins attractiveness as a store of value. With Coinbase for Americans, and ATMs for Canadians, bitcoin is actually more accessible than gold or silver. Even the price is accessible since you can buy in as little or as much as you want. I think this attracts an additional demographic that wouldn't normally invest in gold or silver. And bitcoin isn't even nearly as accessible as it could be down the line.
@_date: 2013-12-02 12:37:41
Outside form how you feel about Bitcointalk, there are alternatives:
[Lets Talk Bitcoin]( is very well informed and extremely interesting. They interview a lot of industry leaders. I really feel like they're a great model of what other bitcoin communities could be.
[Coin Chat]( also seems to have a pretty good crew of people that hang out over there.
I imagine Theymos isn't any more a leader of Bitcointalk users than a manager at a pub is over his customers. The users find the pub a little run down with some broken windows, but it just happens to be where all the user's friends hang out. Theymos pulls cash from the drawer, and everyone knows he's running the business into the ground. But as long as the pub is still open, they'll stop by and continue meeting with friends. I would say that people value discussing the merits and challenges more than whatever antics Theymos is up to is the background. If whatever those antics might be start interfering with their conversation, developers will probably move on. And if a nicer pub opens up across the street, they'll just move on to that one.
@_date: 2013-12-01 18:02:26
It's sounds to me like you're willing to ignore an entire community of people because the guy that runs the forum is selfish. Sure, he's selfish, but people really don't seem to care because they'd rather just talk about bitcoin. It's definitely possible to have a good conversation and ignore Themos and his mismanagement of his site. It doesn't seem to have much effect on conversations. Which is good because it shows people would rather talk about bitcoin. It's also a good source for information on bitcoin. If I want to know more about the Bitcoin Payment protocol, I google it and the bitcoin talk forums is the 2nd result. It's a really useful FAQ on the feature. It seems wrong to me to ignore a whole functional community because of one bad apple.
@_date: 2013-10-29 16:36:47
Agreed. Bitcoin as a world currency is definitely a long ways off. But actually, on the note of the issues with bitcoin, I think almost all of these will be fixed when financial institutions develop services using bitcoin. For example, the average user shouldn't ever have to worry about their bitcoin wallet. I imagine that a modern bank that learns how to use the bitcoin protocol would make bitcoin use completely invisible to the user. User sends dollars to a seller, the banks checks to see if that seller is in a "trusted network". If they are, then the "in network" banks tell each other that some bitcoin is on the way, and instantly update the seller and buyers balances. Meanwhile, the buyers bank transfers the value of those dollars through bitcoin to the seller's bank. If the seller is not in network, then the user gets a notification that the transaction will take 10 minutes to process. The bank then sends bitcoins directly to the seller who might be managing his own bitcoin wallet. The seller who operates in bitcoin only could then send a bitcoin refund to the buyers bank wallet, and after 10 minutes, the dollar amount shows up in their bank account. The buyer never owned a single bitcoin and thinks of bitcoin as a payment network. 
And I imagine this bitcoin management service could also be provided by a 3rd party, saving the banks some trouble. But either way, the function to the end user is the same. 
I think bitcoin is in "good enough" territory. It has proved it's self as a store of value, and that just might be good enough. A lot of technologies seem to gain a foothold more when they've become familiar technologies and "good enough". HTML/JavaScript/CSS isn't the best software technology, but it's good enough to get most things done, accessible and, primarily, very wide spread.
@_date: 2013-10-30 16:48:45
I actually was thinking the other day that it would be cool if Second Life switched over to bitcoin. Or maybe supported both. I was thinking to myself that if I were to make an online game and run a virtual economy, I'd probably just use bitcoin to save myself the trouble of sustaining my own economy.
@_date: 2013-10-29 05:22:45
As far as a competition of which has a better chance at becoming a world currency, I think bitcoin wins by it's nature of being completely politically neutral. Bitcoin seems to have a greater chance at being a world currency simply because it doesn't require the recognition of another nation's government to exist, and because the political will of another nation (or nations) can't control it's existence. Bitcoin's economy is very young and might not quite be predictable today, but it's nature is very predictable and apolitical.
@_date: 2013-11-02 16:50:32
I'm just wondering if this is what's causing problems with other people:
Did you enter all your information to verify your ID into Coinbase? Or have you left it at the minimum?
I verified as much info as I could before making my first purchase. I'm just wondering what you're doing differently that might make their system red flag you. If we can figure that out, then we can help people avoid getting red flagged.
@_date: 2013-12-16 04:35:46
It's sad to me that a demographic that can be helped by bitcoin financially is being called "cheap", "lazy" and "avoiding taxation". Here is someone that simply doesn't support the current payment systems, just like so many in the bitcoin community, and they're being torn apart before they even get through the door.
There's a few things I find wrong with this post.
1. We don't know enough about this company to come to any conclusions about how lazy or cheap they are.
2. Merchants don't need to shoulder any volatility of bitcoin if bitcoins are being transferred immediately into fiat currency (which is often the case).
3. Debit and Credit transactions both cost money to the merchant, and it's often colloquially understood that "no credit cards" encompass Debit, Check, and Credit cards.
I'm not sure why it's a popular comment to undermine someone we don't know who could very well use the help of the bitcoin community.
@_date: 2013-12-16 06:24:57
1. We still have no idea what company this is, or why they posted this sign. There are simply no grounds to scrutinize from. And their refusal to support antiquated payment systems aligns with much of the ideology surrounding bitcoin. It's odd to me that the community would hold this against them. 
2. [Coinbase charges 0%]( for merchants receiving, and cashing out bitcoins into fiat all the way up to $1 million in transactions.
3. All local business I have asked that I shop at have told me that there is a charge for both [Debit]( and [Credit]( cards.
@_date: 2013-09-09 20:18:30
Noticed they currently only accept Dwolla, but pretty sure I've read of people having their Dwolla accounts frozen when Dwolla noticed that they were sending money to a Bitcoin exchange. I'm pretty sure it's against their policies, unless that changed.
@_date: 2013-11-09 09:48:08
*raises hand*
@_date: 2013-08-12 21:00:00
I think regulators attempting to regulate BitCoin at the same time actually helps legitimize BitCoin. All these headlines about regulating BitCoin also make it more visible to the public eye, which is also good for BitCoin.
I understand that from a libertarian perspective this is bad news. But BitCoin, being politically disconnected by design, can really be used by anyone with any agenda. That's sort of the nature of BitCoin just by how free it is. Things will be done with it that you don't like, including regulation (at least in some parts of the world).
BitCoin its self is not affected by regulation, but you as a citizen of your respective community will be held responsible for the things you do with BitCoin based on the money laws of your community (for better or for worse. Or both).
@_date: 2013-12-27 11:06:59
I did 8 individual transactions with Gyft using Coinbase with no problems. I've also transferred money to BitStamp using Coinbase. Not saying things don't go wrong, but so far everything has gone very smoothly for me.