@_author: shadovvvvalker
@_date: 2018-01-08 00:11:40
Crypto is inherently a decentralized scarce currency. It is digital gold. 
Either it's digital gold or private funny money. 
@_date: 2018-01-07 23:45:37
Unfortunately Bitcoin is a poster child of crypto. If your going to support crypto your going to support Bitcoin. Otherwise it's like taking home Depot credit but not visa. All made worse by the fact that Bitcoin pricing affects other crypto pricing. 
@_date: 2017-11-24 19:17:05
Its incredibly simple but you can't admit it once you drink the crypto koolaid. 
Governments control money because we want them too. Because before they did money was controlled by private entities who produced it. Those entities manipulated currency at the expense of the market for private gain. To curb this governments took control. This went as far as some countries completely abandoning gold as a primary currency in favour of notched sticks or giant stone donuts. 
The current form of currency we have has evolved over time to encourage stability and fairness. 
Crypto nuts hate centralized curency that is regulated and manipulated by the government and prefer a completely wild currency with no regulation to it what so ever. Aka a volatile currency. 
Its using digital technology to roll currency back 90 years and make it global. Its value is almost entirely speculative and its structure limits its ability to speak to market trends. 
In almost any metric that we evaluate currency, its just inferior and out dated. 
You need a regulatory power of some sort. It can't be automated unless you can perfectly predict markets until the end of time. That regulatory power needs to be accountable. No structure where the power can be accountable to the public doesn't result in a form of government. 
@_date: 2017-09-28 00:29:39
Its not a scam. 
It never was a scam. 
Noone is behind the strings stealing money from a system which needs your participation to float. 
However, **Bitcoin is inherently a commodity currency.**
Anyone interested in economic history generally stumbles across a simple reality: It is beneficial to a community to move away from a commodity currency. 
The benefits of Bitcoin to an individual are inticing. But to a nation they are few and far between. 
And the most important rule of currency comes in to play. 
**Short of an economic crisis, peopple hold value in whatever currency they pay their taxes in.**
Even if Bitcoin starts to see widespread use its not going to replace the currency of a stable economy. 
@_date: 2017-10-28 18:56:27
I mean from an objective perspective Bitcoin is a volatile unregulatable commodity currency whose value is entirely dependant on speculation but considerably tied to our ability to do math. 
Its not crooked advice if it's correct. Bitcoin is a high risk investment. 
Its not even an investment where breakthroughs benefit the investor. If a major breakthrough is made in Bitcoin its value goes down. So it's expected value is essentially how many people invest in it versus Moore's law. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 19:14:18
Crypto is all about hype. Who cares if the models are fundamentally unsound? Hype it up cause I might make money if it keeps going up. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 23:06:24
I really read your comment and realized you missinterperate me as being pro crypto. I am very against crypto. I just don't like being dishonest about what gives money value. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 19:13:21
I know plenty about Bitcoin. That's why I hate it. I hate commodity currencies. I hate private currencies. The model for crypto is a choice between the two of them. Either you have flexibility controled by a private entity with incentives that generally dont line up with the needs of the users, or you have an inflexible commodity currency whose value is incredibly vulnerable to manipulation. 
We have thousands of years of development into currency systems. Crypto likes to pretend that it's the next evolutionary step in currency but the reality is it's simply a digital commodity using new versions of previous currency ideas, that rolls back on numerous improvments to currency and pretends its advancement. 
Crypto wants decentralization. 
Not recognizing that centralization is necessary for regulation and stability. 
Not realizing we have had decentralized commodity currencies in the past and they regularly destroyed economies overnight. 
Not realizing that their inherent technological model solves towards a mining monopoly.
Not realizing that they still create a private currency controled by an organization. 
Its a psuedo libertarian wet dream to have money without government. But the reality is governments only got into the money trade to stabilize it because it used to be a fucking shit show. 
Crypto wants to be considered a currency. 
Despite having a value that fluctuates so rapidly its nearly impossible to transact without change in value. 
Despite having base values that aren't feasible for transactions without ridiculous subdivisions based on fractions of value determined by the comparative price to a real currency. 
Despite horrendous transaction times, excessive power consumption, extremely complicated handling, ridiculously restrictive management, and a very unlikely chance of ever being supported by basic POS systems. 
Despite the fact that it will never be used to issue a loan by a bank because crypto is designed to hate banks. Which is important because fractional reserve banking is how currencies primarily increase their money supply without minting all of it. 
Crypto wants high value and rapid growth. 
Despite high value being purely in the interest of investors at the expense of its currency applicability. 
Despite literally no form of economics supporting the idea that an economy with a base value 900x higher than par is a good thing as opposed to a currency closer to par with more currency on circulation. 
Crypto is a commodity currency controlled by private "Goldsmiths" who benefit from having a stock tradable commodity rather than a currency. Crypto has no inherent use outside of being a currency. As such crypto becomes this hommonculus which pretends it has currency value so that it's trading doesn't tank but behind the scenes the crypto is attempting to increase trade value rather than actually make it a currency. 
This is digital gold without the real world uses for gold. 
Gold is no longer a currency for a reason.  
Its a speculation stock masquerading as a currency. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 23:45:13
Either someone has their hands on the lever. Or the lever doesnt get pulled when it needs to. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 10:07:45
Interesting.  That's even worse. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 23:12:26
The backing of a currency isn't the problem. Currencies can be backed by nothing and still exist as long as people agree they have value. 
The problem has never been "is bitcoin valuable". Bitcoins were fine when they were worth pennies. 
The problem is crypto currencies are a commodity currency fueled entirely by speculation. The real value in crypto is hoping it rises over time by magnitudes with little effort.
Which is fine for an investment. Its a stupid high risk one but it is an investment. 
The problem is currency wants to be stable, reliable, and steadily increasing marginally. Economies favour predictable currencies over erratic ones. 
And without a general AI with a complete world model manning the production of crypto the lever is either in the hands of an algorithm that can't be left alone to manage the coin or an organization that cant be considered objective in how they run the coin. 
At the end of the day crypto is not decentralized. Crypto still has a mint. The only thing is the process allows independent mints to form they just become part of a pool of minters. The mint will still decide how much currency exists. 
And because of how the economics of mining works, you will get a centralized private mint. 
Currencies need less and less printing done as time goes on. In some cases they diminish currency before going back to minting surplus. That's the nature of economies. They don't scale linearly over long periods of time. 
As such mining needs to get more expensive to accomplish over time. Which reduces the margins of the coin. As this process repeats more and more miners are knocked off as their scale is no longer economically viable. Eventually one firm mints all the coin in the currency and noone can touch them. The economy eventually reaches a stasis where the numbers are kept just above what would shutter the Minter but not too much as more would kill the economy. 
To do anything else would flood the economy with too much currency and devalue and crash it. 
Again. Speculation is what drives value here. Not use as an exchange. So if it stops being a good investment they VC pulls out. 
Eventually when the system weeds out all but one minter you reach the problem. 
Your decentralized currency consists of two entities. An organization to determine how much coin is needed. And an organization that will mint as much coin as said org allows. 
The technology is amazing. 
The implementation does not live up to the ideals. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 23:02:36
The fundamental thing that gives a currency value is the agreement that it has value. 
We have had and technically still do have examples of currency that do not get collected in tax but still have value because taxes do not define currency. 
They shape it and they do give it value. But giving value and defining value are different. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 21:45:34
Here's the reality. 
What you just said is tantamount to sacrelige.  
You are arguing against the criticism of ideas due to the absence of original thought. 
Aka. 
No peer review. 
Aka. 
No science. 
Ideas proposed need to be criticized freely without the need for alternative solutions. Otherwise no ideas can have its faults made apparent. 
You need to invent the internet to criticize phone lines, but you can't invent the internet if you don't know they problems with telecommunications. 
This isn't how criticism works. 
If an idea cannot withstand criticism it is the fault of the idea not the critic. 
To prevent criticism is to create propoganda and echo chambers. It is to deny the semblance of rational thought. 
If someone is going to stand on a soapbox and pretend Bitcoin isn't an archaic idea using modern technology then they deserve to have to answer to why they are pretending it isn't the case. If you want to claim the sky is orange you need to be able to be told is isn't. Otherwise you are a coward who is trying to be decietful. 
But let's pretend just for a second that we live in your magical world where criticism needs alternatives to exist. 
Blockchain technology is fundamentally one of the greatest accomplishments in computing science. The ability to have unreplicable digital tokens is something far beyond what we originally thought might ever be possible. 
The technology has only scratched the surface of its use. 
But nothing about crypto currency apart from blockchain is original. There are numerous criticisms of these types of currency schemes. To prophess their greatness in absence of these long standing criticisms is to be intentionally dishonest for your own purposes. 
You don't stiffle criticism you answer it. If you can't answer it you are wrong.  That's just how it works. If you lie be prepared to be called a liar. 
Crypto has fundamental problems that you can't ignore by lumping it together and calling unoriginal. If that's the case this entire sub is entirely void of original content by your standards and noone should be praising crypto. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 10:09:30
Here's the thing. Currencies exist which do not get used within a tax system. Many trades are also often made with foreign currencies. 
Taxes make currencies but they don't define them. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 18:43:42
Erm. Dude. Think. 
If taxes go away does the US dollar lose all value imeddiately. 
No. 
Taxes are not the only defining source of value for a currency. 