@_author: shadow_nirvana
@_date: 2014-02-04 17:03:55
1-Ah, okay. I thought it was used for research and other stuff. I remember there was a site for where you could donate computational power for medical research, thought it might be something like that. Is that why it is getting harder to mine bitcoins? The community is growing, so the computational power needed is more?
2- Ah, must be a myth then.
3- So what happens after 21 million bitcoins have been mined? What will the reward of mining be? How will the security be established then?
4- Ah, wow, didn't know that.
5- Dark enlightenment is sort of a community that thinks the reforms after the French Revolution have been destructive and Europe has been left kingless for too long, that feminism has been destructive to society. They preach human biodiversity and race-realism etc. Not really a savory community, but they seem to be obsessive about Bitcoin. Maybe for the reason you explained.
6- I see. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 17:11:59
3-So what happens after 21 million bitcoins have been mined? What will the reward of mining be? How will the security be established then?
5- Dark enlightenment is sort of a community that thinks the reforms after the French Revolution have been destructive and Europe has been left kingless for too long, that feminism has been destructive to society. They preach human biodiversity and race-realism etc. Not really a savory community, but they seem to be obsessive about Bitcoin.
6-Isn't Bitcoin a currency that the majority of places don't accept? Maybe it's my county that's the problem, though. Also, it grew from a percentage of a dollar to nearly a thousand dollars. It will even become more valuable. I don't know...
@_date: 2014-02-04 13:56:38
-What is the computational power really used for? I mean people are spending electricity to solve the 21 million piece puzzle, but isn't this sort of meaningless without the computational power being used for something?
-Also, is it true that 6 million bitcoins were mined before it was made public? 
-Why does it have to be mined anyway? Isn't this just giving money to someone based on their computer? (I have zero idea about the logic behind mining.)
-How can it stay decenteralised when huge tech companies that have insane computational powers at hand can use it to mine and hoard bitcoins?
-Why is the dark enligtenment obsessed with bitcoin and is this currency their idea? (This is one of the biggest reservations I have about bitcoin.)
-Why would anyone spend something that is shown to be growing exponentially in value constantly?
@_date: 2018-11-22 00:28:03


Even if you don't agree with the others, it is clearly an **environmental disaster** that if adopted worldwide would be the reason for extreme complications (even if you could get the network to handle that many transactions, which you can't). 
@_date: 2018-11-22 00:47:51
They want more money for more profit?