@_author: shadow14l
@_date: 2018-02-27 19:20:20
Yes I'm salty that I missed out on easily making millions of dollars on Bitcoin. Except I'm not, because so few people did, that I would've had a significantly better chance at gambling on the lottery or in a casino every single week since then. It's just so wrong to think that because I never had any intention of putting any money in it years ago anyways. It sucks to not put money into Bitcoin when it started just like it sucks not to put money into Apple when it started.
But, you just completely ignored all my points and what I said because you know you can't address them. In an argument, typically people try to point out the faults of what the other person is saying. Telling someone that they're wrong because "facts" and they're a joke just shows how childish, incompetent, and ignorant you are.
Also by the way, it's been 8 years, so what have you bought with Bitcoin in that time? How many millions have you made? Do you even have a single BTC of worth? I'm going to assume no to those because it's plainly obvious have no idea what you're talking about.
Maybe I'm wrong though and you're one of the thousand wallet owners that owns half the Bitcoin?  - But then again it doesn't really matter either way because it's proof that Bitcoin has failed as a currency.
I'm done unless you actually want to try arguing that Bitcoin isn't scammy, otherwise feel free to insult me and call me as many names as you want. I've seen Bitcoin from day 1 and followed it until now, when was your first knowledge of it? A few months ago? I'll even make it easier for you and admit there were a few short periods of time that it had a really good chance of being completely legitimate, but unfortunately those times have passed. There are much better crypto coins out that will completely outpace and take over Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-26 23:51:55
Your assumption that any of those people saved that late amount of their coins for this long is wrong.
@_date: 2018-02-27 18:56:18
What did you buy with your BTC when it hit $40 transactional fees? There's a hundred other coins that are much better as a currency.
Even in the sidebar it says, "As such, [Bitcoin] is more resistant to wild inflation" - 
Do you know how many people were advocating and convincing normal people to invest in Bitcoin, even right before the latest crash?
Do you know what I think of people telling others to invest currency? It's a blatant scam just like Forex. Extremely few people win. The majority loses.
@_date: 2018-02-26 23:16:05
Surprisingly, I wasn't wrong.
@_date: 2015-09-15 16:19:49
I think Bitcoin is a fantastic idea in theory, but it still has real world flaws unfortunately. Also the spawning of all those other digital coin systems (litecoin, dogecoin, etc) aren't helping.
@_date: 2015-09-15 03:53:13
And I'm still correct to this day, what'ya know.