@_author: shahkalukaking
@_date: 2016-02-10 17:04:51
...But I am doing research... :P
Thanks for your time and tips and advice. I'll pursue Electrum and the offline paper wallets.
@_date: 2016-02-09 18:43:37
1. I want to make a wallet that is completely offline. Can Electrum do that? Is Electrum proprietary? 
2. If those addresses are "hashes of my public keys", then where are my public keys?
3. Do I need my public keys to receive bitcoins at this wallet, or do I only need an address? 
4. Do I need my public keys to watch this address's activity, or do I only need an address? 
5. If I need my public key for anything, can't I check it in QT? If not, why not?
6. Do I have any need to see my private keys, or is my encryption passphrase sufficient for retrieving funds from this wallet (someday)?
7. If I do need to know my private key, can I obtain it through the normal bitcoin-core (or bitcoin-qt, or whatever I'm supposed to say)? If not, why not?
@_date: 2016-02-10 02:02:00
I'm reading... sorry... I had to work one of the jobs I don't have for a couple hours. ;P
I'm all for experimentation, but I am also trying to rapidly investigate secure cold storage, because I don't have much intention of using Bitcoin for myself in the foreseeable future, and my friend is not as interested in moving his Bitcoin around as he is in storing it for the long haul in a way that is extremely difficult or impossible to hack.
@_date: 2016-02-10 02:28:50
Thanks for the link. I'll figure it out. It can't be that hard. As far as I've already learned, my first wallet is functional. I could theoretically use it. It just might not be my best option. Progress is being made. Tripping is part of learning to run. I already know how to stumble forward awkwardly. Perhaps I will Forrest-Gump my way to victory. :P
@_date: 2016-02-10 02:33:27
Thanks for the straightforward advice. Perhaps I will investigate Electrum. 
Do you have time to explain the following statement in detail?: "Qt is meant to be for full or validating nodes, and is shitty as an offline wallet."
I am about to look up the meaning of "full or validating nodes", but I suspect that I won't immediately see what you mean by this whole statement for awhile without a bit of explanation... so I'd appreciate the effort. If you're busy, I totally understand, and I'll look into Electrum on my own.
@_date: 2016-02-09 20:06:54
Okay, new questions...
1. Could I receive money to this wallet at all four of these addresses? 
2. Can I use my passphrase to spend out of this wallet using bitcoin-qt (in theory)? If not, how do I spend money out of these addresses?
3. Do I track the individual address activity of every address in one wallet, if I want to know how much money I have in that wallet without loading the wallet online?
4. How do you "use" private keys without knowing them? By entering your passphrase?
5. Is Electrum suitable for indefinite cold storage? Can I create an account offline with Electrum that will be ready for easy depositing, and also easy access when the time comes?
6. Should I really create a new address for every transaction? If so, will this cause any insane spending complexities for an account that manages hundreds or thousands of transactions, and thus addresses? -- or can I easily pay out of all addresses simultaneously when I am ready to "cash out"? 
7. If Electrum is as secure as bitcoin-qt and will provide me with a secure, mostly permanent, completely offline wallet solution, do you know of any specific walkthroughs that are particularly thorough (i.e., intended for people who don't already understand much about bitcoin account management)?
@_date: 2016-02-10 17:07:19
Thank you so much for your concise and coherent breakdown. I really appreciated this.
@_date: 2016-02-10 02:01:17
Sorry to take up so much of your time. Absurd though this may seem (I, too, have eyes, despite my bitcoin illiteracy), I'm being paid to set this up for a friend who is even less savvy on these issues than I am, so, in a sense, this is my job. For now. Feel free to ignore these questions and allow someone else to answer... I didn't know where else to go to find quick, straightforward answers from people who know a lot more than I do about this topic.
1. Given that you consider paper wallets ideal for cold storage, how do you recommend that I go about safely generating offline paper wallets for cold storage? Should I just use one of the offline-runnable websites that can be used to generate a public and private key from a passphrase, run it offline on my passphrase, save the generated public and private keys for the future, and give out the public key to anyone that I want to be able to pay money into the account that is connected to that public key / private key / passphrase? Since reusing addresses is detrimental to privacy, how do you generate multiple addresses for one offline paper wallet using the same passphrase?
2. If I use a deterministic wallet, will it be fundamentally less anonymous (and thus less secure) than a wallet that generates random change addresses, albeit to a small degree? The person for whom I am figuring out this garbage is paranoid and will probably appreciate maximum anonymity.
3. Can I monitor my QT addresses separately, considering that I have no intention of spending money from this wallet in the foreseeable future? Is there any serious risk to using a QT wallet that has received money through hundreds or thousands of addresses, in theory, if all is done well and no spending happens? Or does it simply open the door for confusion once spending begins, because my change will be randomly redirected to new addresses within my wallet?
4. When change automatically generates a new address within your QT wallet, does that address show up upon loading that wallet in QT? 
5. Is there any offline way of knowing what random address was used for the storage of QT change?
6. You say that addresses are infinite... are QT addresses finite? If I take enough payments to enough unique addresses, will my wallet run out of space for more addresses? Or will it delete old addresses to make room for new ones, thus potentially deleting access to money?
7. Are HD wallets easier to hack, given that their addresses are deterministically dependent on a seed? Or is it practically impossible to parse a seed from a set of known addresses, and thus generate all possible addresses for that seed, if you are not the original creator of the seed?
8. Electrum or paper, given what you know about my intentions?
9. Any recommendations for a thorough, trustworthy paper-wallet creation tutorial?