@_author: shahe_b
@_date: 2013-04-02 16:57:05
You can't do it with ledgers in bitcoin because to actually exchange a bitcoin, you need to send bitcoins. The system needs to process the code and make sure you had a bitcoin to send and that a legit bitcoin was sent. And once it is sent, the system records that you no longer have that bitcoin and the other person does. 
Unless the system says that the new owner has a real bitcoin, they won't be able to spend bitcoins. If they can't spend the bitcoin, what's the point of a loan? 
Again, you should perhaps learn how bitcoins work first. You can't just create a new bitcoin by yourself. It doesn't work that way.
@_date: 2013-04-02 22:55:56
I know how fractional banking works, you dolt. 
A bank can't lend out more BTC than it has in possession because bitcoins can not be created from thin air. They need to be created by the system/code and in order to transfer them and use them, the system checks your bitcoin codes with the codes of the block chain to ensure your coins actually exist. 
If a bank takes in 100BTC in deposits, it can ONLY lend out 100BTC in loans. And if it lends out 100BTC in loans, none of the depositors can withdraw money until the same amount of BTC are paid back to the bank. 
So if I put in 60BTC and you put in 40BTC and Person X took a loan of 65BTC, there are only 35BTC remaining on count in the bank. Both you and I can not withdraw all of our BTC until at least some of the BTC are repaid/deposited. 
That's because in order for the bank to transfer BTC to my wallet, they must first be in possession of BTC (BTC Code). If the Bank only has 35 BTC on hand, me and you can only withdraw a conbined max of 35BTC.
There are no IOUs with Bitcoin. you either own a BTC or you don't.  
Go learn stuff and then come back. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 22:59:25
Of course I see yours. 
Again, I'm not saying don't switch to bitcoins. 
I'm saying once you do, don't sit on it. Use it. Make it your new media of exchange. Tell people about it and start trading in it. Sell your own things for bitcoin. Keep the system moving. 
Do you see what my point is, now?
@_date: 2013-04-03 08:35:06
I hope so, but no one knows for sure. I'm just hoping that you're right and that my worries don't come to fruition. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:18:59
Exactly! This is why i've always said, DO NOT HOARD BITCOINS. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 23:38:31
It's not possible because there are no extra bitcoins once the limit is achieved. 
Think about it like this:
You are the "bank". If there are 21 apples in your cart and I borrow an apple from you and promise to pay you back 2 apples. You now have 20 apples and I have 1 apple. the only way I can pay you back two apples is if I take/receive an extra apple from someone who's holding an apple. 
Sure values and such can increase, but the number/amount of btc can not increase, therefore fractional banking is impossible once the limit is reached.  
@_date: 2013-04-02 08:17:03
Anyone telling you there can be fractional reserve loans in a bitcoin economy is clueless and has zero idea how the coding of bitcoin works. A bank can't create new bitcoins to loan, only the bitcoin programming can do so and even those are accounted for. There are only 21 million bitcoins and there will never be anymore than that. 
"The problem with that model is the rate of bitcoin deflation. Assuming bitcoin keeps growing even at a 'modest' 10% a month" ... LOL. 
God, you have no clue what you're talking about. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 23:34:28
I never spoke about value increase (or deflation, if you will). My concern is with the point in time when all bitcoins are released. no new bitcoin will be created so in order for the economy to continue to grow, a second (third, fourth, fifth, etc) currency will be needed because being limited in supply can create many monetary issues, like shortages. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 00:27:33
It's no different than buying a gold ring and losing it. 
Also, what does happen to "lost" bitcoin? Is it just gone forever? Inaccessible? Can it ever be recovered?
@_date: 2013-04-03 04:22:07
The onus should be on the bitcoin owner. They need to seek out takers of the coin as well as start accepting btc themselves. Help jump start the cycle. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 23:06:25
As Mises once wrote, hoarding fiat currency for value is like trying to hold air in a balloon with your fingers. Over time, it will eventually leak out. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 23:51:21
I agree, I just think that this could be the fatal flaw of bitcoin. Being a scare and finite resource isn't necessarily a good thing. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 07:20:43
I just had a long post about this: 
Here's the thing, bitcoin isn't just an investment vehicle, it's supposed to be a currency. Bitcoin isn't art or music or anything with utility value outside of being a currency. 
Since it is a currency, it needs to be used and wide spread and the supply has to meet demand, or else you have a shortage and the scarcity can cause a crunch and that can turn people off from the usage of bitcoin and might lead them to alternative currencies that don't have such shortages, thus making bitcoin lose value. 
So, no, in the long run, lost bitcoins aren't a good thing. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:00:05
Only an idiot would think a single $13,000 move in a $1 billion dollar market would make any sort of significant difference. 
My only concerns are how did someone get so many bitcoins and why they are giving them away for free. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 08:16:50
Right, but that doesn't answer my question. 
Bitcoin will continue to grow in supply from here to 2140. But in 2140, the growth rate completely stops. 
If you thought the last money supply shortage caused a bad recession, wait until 2140. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:45:56
Depends on what kind of inflation you're talking about. 
If the money supply is perfectly maintained (or just well maintained), you would see very little inflation and what you would actually see is the money supply increase very slowly to keep up with demand and you'd have  progress and efficiency in production actually drive DOWN the price of existing goods. 
This is called deflation. The deflation would also be slow and steady because hyper-deflation usually ceases up the velocity of money because no one wants to spend because they believe goods will be cheaper the next day. Of course, there is time preference there (you'd spend on food and stuff or if you reallly wanted something). 
But money supply inflation that leads to price inflation is NOT a good thing. It's a bad hing. A very, very bad thing. 
If you made a $1,000 and put it in a safe, at an inflation rate of 3% to 5%, let's go with 4% (the targeted inflation rate of The Fed is around 3%, real inflation is slightly higher), you'd lose almost 35% of that $1,000 in the first 10 years. You'd lose over half of it's value in 17 years. And in 40 years, say about the time you're ready to retire, that $1,000 you had saved is worth about $195 in present value. 
Since the Federal Reserve was created, the US dollar has lost 96% of it's value. This means that what a $1,000 can buy you today cost about $40 in 1913 dollars. 
How does that effect things? The minimum wage in 1955 was $1. You got paid in four silver quarters. The value of that silver today (which is not hit by inflationary practices) is worth almost $30. No one gets paid $30 as minimum wage these days, but that's the value of what the minimum wage used to be. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 00:16:27
I don't think you understand. 
There is a finite limit. Where do these "profits" come from? Where does the "insurance" get the bitcoins to pay the bank with? In a closed system with finite assets, it becomes a zero-sum game. it must be taken from someone in order to be given to another and there is no growth of the currency because it is limited to 21 million coins and that's it. 
In other words, in order for the bank to profit on the coin it lends, others must lose more money. In order for the insurance to pay the bank, others must lose money. It's a closed system. New currency is not generated in order to sustain the need for growth. The money supply is limited to a known 21 million bitcoins. 
In a way, this is more finite than anything else we use for money because we aren't sure if all the gold or silver has been mined but we know as a certain fact that only 21 million coins will ever exist. Sub divide that to an infinite number and it doesn't matter. 
The only alternative I can think of is that the bitcoin is continually appreciating in value and that people don't pay you back in full amount of coin but in full amount plus some in purchasing power. 
For example, if 1 bitcoin can buy you 1 apple and you lend it to me. I must pay you back enough coin to buy 2 apples, (or whatever term we agree on). I get less bitcoin in return but because I lent it to you, I helped increase the value of all my other bitcoin (thanks to whatever you did with the coin you borrowed) and we are both better off for it (and the whole system is too). 
That's a MAJOR paradigm shift and I'm not sure if even full supporters of bitcoin are ready for it, but I guess I can see it working out like that. 
EDIT: Just a heads up, as I mentioned in the OP, I'm trying to think through all of this. Thanks for being my muses and also for the feedback and clarifications.
@_date: 2013-04-03 08:19:53
The very first line of your link:


And that's the same disagreement we are having because what you are calling "fractional reserve banking" isn't what FRB is in today's world. 
That's standard lending. Banks today can lend more money than they actually take in. 
You can't do that with bitcoin because that money doesn't exist. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 08:00:54
Very good concerns. 
The simple and short answer to  is that in an all bitcoin economy, banks can't loan other than 1-to-1. It's impossible. 
and the answer to  is that Person B can't pay back with interest unless Person A puts more bitcoins into the economy. 
This is the problem with a finite currency like bitcoin, it creates a zero sum game and you run into these issues. 
The only way bitcoin survives is by more and more competing currencies popping up as the demand for money increases and the new currencies supplemental the demand. 
If the economy becomes a bitcoin-only economy, we will have huge money shortages. 
EDIT: I've had the same exact concerns - 
Also, anyone telling you there can be fractional reserve loans in a bitcoin economy is clueless and has zero idea how the coding of bitcoin works. A bank can't create new bitcoins to loan, only the bitcoin programming can do so and even those are accounted for. There are only 21 million bitcoins and there will never be anymore than that. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 22:50:00
Of course it's a worry. 
The reason the price is skyrocketing is because more people want to buy than those that want to sell. Therefore it's a sellers market. Sellers get to ask for more and buyers will pay it. 
It's nothing to worry about until the price gets so high or the supply gets so low that people no longer want to or can buy them. This is what happens when the deflation (or increase of value) rate is very high. People think it's better to hold and sell in the future than to sell now and lose out on profits in the future. 
The only thing that gets people to spend NOW as opposed to hoard for later is a time preference. But with bitcoins, you can't necessarily spend whenever and wherever so the time preference is somewhat obscured or diluted. This leads people to want to hold more since to spend on most typical goods/services, they'd have to convert and pay a fee. 
What I'm talking about isn't happening yet, at least not on a massive scale. That's clear by the growth of popularity of the coin. But my fear is that it is headed in that direction. Bitcoin trading trends and people's posts on here point in that direction. 
I'm just trying to encourage people to use coins (not sell out of them or avoid them) so that the value and integrity of the system is retained. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 23:48:30
From what I've read and understand, you're wrong. 
Bitcoin can be subdivided to the one hundred millionth of a Bitcoin (1e-8) also know as a Satoshi. 
That's 2,100,000,000,000 transferable pieces. Sounds like a lot but it is still a limit, making BitCoin a finite asset. 
Meaning that, yes, once the limit is reached, in order for one to obtain a bitcoin (or a sub-denomination) someone else must lose it. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 23:40:18
I know the difference, thanks. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 07:48:56
I know how inflation/deflation works. I know how fucked the current banking and federal reserve system is. My post has ZERO to do with any of that. 
You say loans are possible, but you don't explain how. How does one come of with additional money in a bitcoin world without taking from someone else? 
Here's another question for you: Once a bitcoin is transferred as a loan, the actual system doesn't flag it as a loan. The blocks get written as if the loaned bitcoins were no different than transferred bitcoins, right? So to the entire system, the bitcoin loan looks simply like a payment, right? 
Also, banks can only loan the bitcoins they have, this means that they will always have to have a shortage of deposits. In fractional reserve banking, it's just a ledger recording and created money in the form of 0s and 1s. If Man A deposits $1,000 and Man B takes out a loan for $600, the makes the loan. If Man A comes in and asks for $500 back, the bank doesn't have to recall the loan to Man B in order to pay Man A back because the reserve level still allows for a $600 loan to be floated with only $500 in reserves. In fact, $5,000 in loans can be out there with that much in reserves. 
But with bitcoin loans, that isn't possible. If Man A deposits 10 btc and Man B takes a loan for 5 btc, Man A can not take out more than 5 btc of his money. Man A will either not have access to his own money or Man B will have to make a repayment (partial or full) before the planned on doing so. This could be disastrous for them, their business and even for their suppliers down the chain. The uncertainty would be incredibly bad. 
I'll read your loan post and get back to you here. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 23:07:06
I've already bought bitcoins and plan to buy more. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 00:08:01
Thanks for clarifying. I haven't seen anything on it being a soft limit. Any source/documentation on this?
But denominating still doesn't fix the issue of paying interest without making the whole thing a zero-sum game. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 20:25:06
It's so sad to see how many of you don't understand simply economics and currency functions. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 20:24:18
I believe you're agreeing with me without realizing. 
Sure, save some coins. Some can even hoard. But if the majority hoard and none are actually used in the market, the market will soon shy away and find another method of exchange. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 20:19:13
Scarcity isn't enough to create value. Whoever convinced you of such took you for a fool (or was a fool themselves). 
Value comes from demand. If no one uses bitcoins, then the demand will soon phase out and those left holding coins will be hoarding worthless computer code. 
Yes, value is assigned by people (it's not intrinsic), but lets say you and all holders of bitcoin think that each coin is worth $1000 each but no one is willing to buy and no one is willing to accept bitcoins in exchange for goods and services (also a form of buying), then what are the coins really worth? 
The price is set at an equilibrium, which is set by what the buyers and sellers agree on and whatever drives that demand. Right now the driver of that demand is fear (of the alternative) or greed (of the prospect). 
If people bought bitcoins and then sat on them, what would their value be? It would plummet quickly. There would be a stop in transactions. This would lead to people seeking alternate methods of exchange because bitcoins become scarce in the marketplace.
This is why I say that in order for bitcoin to survive, people need to use them, not hoard them. 
But from what I've seen and read thus far, most people are hoarding them. It's only a matter of time until the demand exceeds the supply (it already has, hence the soaring prices), especially given the finite nature of the coding. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 20:22:35
Gold succeeds as a storage of value because there is a utilitarian value to it. Gold can be used for jewelry and manufacturing, thus there is always demand for it, even if not in the form of currency. Meaning that even if no one uses it as a media of exchange, there is still value in it in the form of a commodity. 
Same can be said for land. It can be used as a method of exchange but the land itself has utility value because it can be used to farm or live on. Therefore, if no one wants to buy your land or exchange for your land, you can still derive value from it. 
Bitcoin doesn't have that luxury. 
If no one wants to use bitcoin as a method of exchange, then there is no other demand left for it. It's either a currency or it's nothing. 
@_date: 2013-04-01 23:58:26
Yes, and that's probably my broader point. 
Many people anticipate bitcoin growing and growing and becoming a mutli-trillion dollar entity. That would put the value of each full BTC at well over $100k in today's dollars. This is what has a lot of people doing jumping jacks to buy and adopt bitcoins. They want to be first in and watch the value of their investment grow. 
My over-arching point is that it's impossible because the system can't sustain it's value. I think that bitcoin is actually very limited because of this and this brings another point up. People need to start using bitcoin regularly, not just putting money in it and setting it to the side. In order for bitcoin to realize it's full potential, it can't just be traded as a stock or investment. It needs to be exchanged for actual goods and services. Sadly, I think most purchases of bitcoin are simply using as an asset by which to store value in. 
This is obvious a terrible thing for the coin. 
If no one uses it, it becomes even more scare over time and the price jumps far to high and people don't adapt it. Essentially scaring them off, creating a shortage of buyers and an excess of sellers, causing the dreaded bubble that some fear. 
As an investor or as a person who wants to see bitcoin catch on, I don't want to see giant leaps in the exchange price from investors hoarding and causing shortages or demanding higher prices. I'd much prefer a slow, gradual increase from more and more usage, bringing in more value. One is a bubble the other is sustainable growth. 
Not exactly sure where btc stands right now, but my gut says bubble. 
@_date: 2013-04-03 08:31:38
Okay, I think I can clear up our disagreement. 
I believe that you are saying fractional reserve banking is possible with bitcoin substitutes. Yes, this is true, but that's only because these substitutes expand the money supply. 
My question, as you can see above, is about an all bitcoin economy. 
In an all bitcoin economy, fractional reserve banking is not possible because no one can expand the money supply by issuing new money, only direct lending. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 20:15:24
You're not really staying liquid. And you're doing yourself a disservice if you are simply buying and holding. 
What you should be doing is buying and using and also accepting bitcoin.
Join the market, don't hide in a vault.  
@_date: 2013-04-02 20:08:19
The dollar can be an investment? Temporarily, sure. But overtime, holding a dollar nets you a negative result. 
If dollars are hoarded, more dollars are created to help quench the need for money in the system. The hoarders are punished by suffering losses of inflation. That's how the whole system is designed to function. 
And it's designed to function as such because a fiat currency has no value unless it is used. Once it losses it's place as a widely used currency, it loses value. 
Why do you think the dollars decline and the world moving away from the dollar as the world's reserve currency go hand in hand? 
People can currently park or transfer their asset base from euros or dollars to bitcoin, but unless bitcoin becomes an adapted and used form of currency, that value will disappear in the long run. 
That's because if no one uses it, you will soon find it hard to transfer those bitcoins in exchange for other assets or services except for with others who are also hoarding coins. 
The ENTIRE system depends on people using bitcoins and not hoarding them. 
The fact that many of you don't understand this is both frustrating and a sign that bitcoin is doomed if this continues. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 03:11:10
That's not where profits come from. At least, it's not the only thing. 
Our economy and the world economy is not a zero-sum game. 
@_date: 2013-04-02 03:09:30
Why is that?