@_author: shaihalud
@_date: 2014-04-22 05:04:55
still useful in fez
@_date: 2013-10-06 21:32:35
recently ive come across some money to invest, and originally i was going to use it to buy a miner, not necessarily to make a profit but just because i find it interesting and sort of fun.
However, with the crash of SR i decided i would by bitcoin instead, because they reached an obscenely low price of less  than 90, but by the time i had made the decision to do so, btc prices recovered back to 130.
And now difficulty has spiked, and listening to people wiser than me tells me i shouldnt buy a miner right now. Its frustrating i feel like i missed the boat on everything.
@_date: 2013-10-07 03:25:00
haha no. despite how impressive that miner is i only have 350 to spend on what i like right now. so either a 5gh/s bfl miner or a couple bitcoins. i wish i had more capital to play with but whatever
@_date: 2013-09-30 09:12:25
as a kind of newbie here, ill give you a run down of how its working for me.
Currently im mining on my desktop, with free electricity, and im making about 1 cent a day. I'm doing this because I want to learn how to mine, as well as how to use and troubleshoot different mining clients. 
Now i just purchased a little 5GH miner from butterfly labs at $300 with shipping. It is the least cost effective miner, or one of the least, but its also the cheapest, and I'm a college student so I can't really front the money.
If i had it now, it would take me 145 days to break even, and will have netted $360ish over a year.
If i had started 2-3 months ago it would have taken me 126 days to break even and net $450ish over a year.
When I start maybe 2 months from now it will probably take me 160 days to break even and net $310ish over a year.
This is all assuming profitability decline as given on the bitcoinx mining calculator, and also assuming price of bitcoins don't change, and bitcoins per block dont change. Also I'm not paying electric as i said earlier.
Yes prices of bitcoins have and probably will go up, but seeing how the difficulty has raised in only a few months, i have doubts as to whether ill ever make a return, not to mention the hardware bubble from people waiting on preordered miners that are currently in development.
However, right now I'm not too concerned with making profits. I like the idea of bitcoins as well as mining them. I think its cool, I legitimately think bitcoins are in the developmental stages of a revolution, and I've learned a lot throughout the whole process.
So if you're looking for money, you did miss the bus, as did i. But if you're looking for an interest then go for it.
@_date: 2013-10-03 21:47:45
i agree that shutting down SR is a testament to the tenacity of bitcoin, andI agree and sympathize with the idea that bitcoins should not be defined by its darker nature.
However, if anyone thinks that bitcoins are not an ideal way to launder and/or attempt to make anonymous transactions, then they straight up aren't be realistic at all. 
Historically, these intentions were usually achieved through the usage of cash, which has much of the same applications as bitcoins, except bitcoins are obviously digital.
If cash is becoming obsolete, its because its being replaced by bitcoins. If bitcoins cannot achieve the same anonymity or privacy, then it will not replace cash. despite how cool or useful bitcoins are, this is the fundamental purpose even if it is not the ideal purpose.
@_date: 2013-10-06 23:02:33
this rings true with me. i was planning on buying the 5gh/s bfl miner, at 304 with shipping. this miner is the least cost efficient miner, but also the only miner in my price range. again i wasn't expecting on making a profit, i simply wanted to learn more by experiencing. However at this point i feel i'd just be throwing money out the window.
So yeah maybe ill buy bitcoins now, and if i ever have more money ill buy a more cost efficient miner