@_author: shai251
@_date: 2017-07-13 01:20:55
What you're saying is that the bank gave you money; that is true. Me buying dinner is also a transfer of money and it is no different at all.
The money is multiplied not when the bank gives a loan. That is just a transfer of money. The money "multiplied" when you make the actual deposit. If I borrow $10 off of you to go buy weed, I'm technically multiplying the money by two in the same exact way. You have a $10 deposit with me, and the drug dealer has $10 in cash.
The problem is that you're thinking of bank accounts as actual cash when in reality it's just an IOU. It feels like money because you can withdraw it at any point, but it's actually just a loan.
@_date: 2017-07-13 02:01:19
You're assuming that our banking system is insolvent when it's not. There has been no bank runs in FDIC insured banks since the Great Depression and the creation of the FDIC. I'll just keep using normal money since I see nothing wrong with it.
@_date: 2017-07-13 01:04:22
Bank loans are not interchangeable with dollars. Banks can sell someone their loans but that's only because they are assets. Their is no legal privilege banks have that you do not. You just don't have the money and infrastructure that they do.
@_date: 2017-07-13 01:45:53
Let me give you a better example. You have 100 friends give you $10 each, contingent on you giving them their money back whenever they wish. You now have $1000. Let's say you now loan a total of $500 because you trust that not more than half the people are going to want their money back at once. You have now multiplied money! Your friends each still have $10 in their account with you, and there are another $500 out there as loans for a total money supply of $1500. Assuming those people deposit $400 back with you, and you loan half of that, you will have a money supply of $1700! So on and so forth.
That is all banks do, but just with more people and money. You can do it with cryptocurrency if you want as well since it's a form of currency. You could also do it with salt or sheep if you wanted to. The only thing stopping you is that not enough people trust you with their money as they do with banks.
@_date: 2017-07-13 00:41:52
You have a misunderstanding of the system. The banks don't actually print more money. They accept deposits and then loan that currency as mortgages or what not. Then those people deposit some of the money from the loans, and we repeat the process with the subsequent deposits being smaller and smaller.
There is no actual money in your bank account. That is just a simple way of expressing it. In reality, you are giving your bank a loan with the stipulation that you can withdraw your money at any point. The banks keep enough reserve cash to cover any realistic amount of withdrawals and borrow money at very low interest from other banks if their reserves are too low at the end of the day.
You could do the same thing yourself. That is essentially what local banks are. You just need to have a lot of starting capital (around a few million dollars) to maintain your reserves before you have many clients or have received FDIC backing, but there is no actual laws stopping you from doing the same things as them. The large banks are actually far more regulated than small ones.
@_date: 2017-07-13 03:07:46
Your second sentence is very unclear...
@_date: 2017-07-13 03:06:20
Those measures were for the investment banking divisions, not the commercial banking. Nobody was worried about losing their checking accounts because those are FDIC insured. They were worried about investment banks and large car companies crashing, which would cause the whole economy to crash. The dollar would have been fine, there would just be less money being moved around. You would have been equally affected, unless you're a hermit who doesn't have a job or operate within the global economy.
I don't know what you mean by accumulating bitcoin. If you mean that you're gonna buy bitcoins with dollars in the hope that they would be worth more in the future then you are not being rational. For one, nothing goes up in price forever for no reason. Secondly, there are many problems with deflationary currency, which is what bitcoin would be at that point, which has been seen many times in history.
@_date: 2017-07-12 23:41:33
Banks multiplying the money supply is a feature, not a bad thing. It's limited by the fed at an amount they consider safe, but the money multiplier is one of the main reasons our economy is so strong. Where do you think mortgages and business loans come from?