@_author: shakeweight_984
@_date: 2018-04-03 20:38:48
They still have to deal with fraud claims, attempted chargebacks, and the inevitable issues when someone completely screws the pooch tax/law wise
You should not use a debit card for most transactions. Not because your consumer protection is worse (many have comparable protection to credit cards) but more because you are actually out money while things are settling and that may impact other aspects of your life due to not having said money in your checking account when you need it.
@_date: 2018-04-04 13:52:21
Except that they have years of fraud claims and similar evidence that they used to make that claim.
And actually, it is the bank/credit card company's responsibility. Every time you file a fraud claim they need to make a judgement.
@_date: 2018-04-04 22:57:40
I also have problems with it, but I think the idea is that it is an exception in the sense that it IS the "usual" punishment and people should stop before they are subject to it.
It isn't so much that future people who are caught won't be held to the same standard. It is that nobody "wants" to hold anyone to those standards, and by making it clear what they are most alleged criminals will stop committing the crime
Think of it like cops on a highway. When you see someone pulled over, you slow down to the actual speed limit, not the +5 mph most people drive at. The idea is that by giving that person a ticket more people will drive the speed limit, but it doesn't mean only that person would get a ticket.
Obviously traffic citations aren't the best example due to their impact on funding public works, but the idea of making an example of someone to keep everyone else in line holds.
In the case of Ulbricht, he got the expected punishment for a kingpin of a drug empire who put out a hit on people. By making an example of him, would be successors realize "Hmm, this is actually super insanely illegal even though all I am doing is running an online storefront."
@_date: 2018-04-03 23:29:20
They have a fraud department, just like credit card companies do
But if you see an activity that leads to very high rates of fraud and IRS issues, you save yourselves the headache so that you can use your existing skeleton crew for the "real "issues
And this isn't Big Bank Trying to Kill Bitcoin. They want you to spend as much as you can and go crazy because that is how they profit. This is the result of years of data and fraud resolution