@_author: shamanas
@_date: 2014-03-05 15:24:38
You need your wallet.dat (or your private key in any measure) to be able to send coins from your address.  
  
This is why it is so emphasized that you backup your wallet.dat file.  
As bitcoin is decentralized, there are no accounts. Your software just looks into the blockchain and finds transactions towards your public addresses.  
This is all public information (anyone can look up a public addresses' balance).  
However, to send coins you need to sign the transaction with your private key, which has been saved by bitcoin-qt in wallet.dat  
  
I don't personally use bitcoin-qt. I highly recommend Electrum, which is a thin client (doesn't download the blockchain but instead connects to an Elcetrum server to access information needed) and uses a 12-word seed which can be used to recover your private key.  
That way, you write down 12 words on a piece of paper (never send it online) and place it in a secure place, and when you need to access your bitcoins from another device, you just need to write your 12 word password in electrum (it also creates an encrypted wallet.dat file like bitcoin-qt, don't know if they actually use the same format though)
@_date: 2014-03-05 15:14:12
No, you do need your wallet.dat  
Basically your private key, which is needed to prove you own your coins is saved there in some form.  
This means that if you download bitcoin-qt on another pc you need to import your wallet.dat file so that you "recover" your wallet.
@_date: 2014-03-23 20:14:38
  
Quick-edit: well, forgot to refresh page, didn't see this was answered already
@_date: 2014-03-06 01:08:08
I'm not quite sure how the seed generation is done.  
From a quick look at the code, it seems that a random 13 byte string with ~139 bits of entropy is created and the seed is worked out of this string. Each word selected depends depends on the previous and current byte of this string.
Electrum uses a 1625 item wordlist, so the number of possible combinations (assuming each word is used once and all possible combinations can be generated as described above) is 2.02471646e+30.
  
However, the seed's hash must begin with '01' and I don't know how much of an impact this has on the number of possible combinations.
  
Still, there should be a huge number of possible word combinations, so, to answer your question, I don't think there is a significant chance of this happening.  
Also, the '01' prefix prerequisite actually makes it harder for someone to find used electrum seeds. (one would have to calculate the seed validity of every combination or actually try invalid combinations, both of which increase the required computational power/time, which is already far too high for anyone to profit by doing this [actually noone can do it, let alone profit from it])
