@_author: sharkaddy
@_date: 2019-01-01 03:22:20
I don't know how, but somehow you missed the point of what I was saying. You're just another reactionary wave in a long pattern of reactionary waves, and your movements are getting smaller over time. That's why I mentioned how big the KKK was in the 30s. 
And there is no evidence that young white people are more racist than their elders. That's something that feels true to you because you're so used to getting your info from inside a bubble that tells you what you want to hear. White supremacists have always fooled themselves into believing that everyone is as racist as they are and are only keeping it secret because they're afraid of being labeled racist. You guys have been, and continue to be wrong. 
It reminded me of Idiocracy because the premise of that movie is that poor, uneducated people will have too many kids they cant take care of, while college graduates will have none, and we'll end up with a society of morons. Poor and uneducated / Educated also describes the split between conservative and liberal. So by saying far-right people have more kids, you are bragging about the fact that you are the overbreeding morons Idiocracy is about.
@_date: 2018-12-29 18:55:52
I see you get your information from inside a little bubble that tells you what you want to hear. Your movement is shriveling while liberalism and progressivism remain the dominant cultural norm and are unaffected by your little temper tantrum. 
You guys are careening towards the garbage can of history just like the KKK before you.
@_date: 2018-12-31 20:30:50
You mean like how the KKK was the largest private organization in the US during the 30s with one in four white men being members? Their numbers cratered a decade later, just like yours are right now. White identity politics comes and goes in ever shrinking waves.
Also, I think it’s funny that you’re championing the behavior that leads to a population of morons in Idiocracy.
@_date: 2018-12-29 17:02:45
You guys are fading into obscurity and ridicule so quickly that you’re trying to disavow the alt-right label you were so proud of a few years ago.
This is fucking beautiful.