@_author: sharpedon
@_date: 2015-06-29 23:21:28
"and are probably blocking sepa transfers as well"
It is.. complicated : credit/debit payments (not cash withdrawals) are currently unencumbered but for domestic purchases only, e-banking functions normally(?) but from one side I hear you can also buy stuff from abroad and from another cards can be for domestic purchases - transactions only, and on top of all that everything can change with a mere signature of FinMin Varoufakis. 
And all that in one just working day, the dawn of the second day has not cracked yet. Chaos and disorder is imminently expected and, as usual, some vultures such (e.g. loan sharks) are expected to profit out of it.
@_date: 2015-06-29 23:34:59
I really wonder what it's like for anyone owning gold or other valuable commodities in Greece right now. I have not yet heard anything about that by the government, would such transactions be legal? And, if not, on what grounds? Is the central Bank of Greece still buying and selling gold? Or it has not opened either? If I ventured a guess I'd say that what's illegal is not to trade in gold but to take it out of the country, the same with Euros.
@_date: 2015-06-30 00:00:53


If Greece folds Bitcoin could potentially gain value not by the Greek buyers but by the realization by the markets that the Eurozone is not an entry only club. If Greece can go back to their own currency and its economy is revived that would be a huge incentive for Portugal, Italy, Spain etc to do the same. And that would be the end of the Eurozone. So, just because the Euro endured (with help from the Central Bank of Switzerland, who bought plenty of Euros) in the first post-referendum working day of the week (of a referendum the Greek government never connected to a Grexit) it does not mean it would endure a *successful* Grexit. 
There are many who harbour that illusion ("You see? Euro held its ground. So it can survive a Grexit!"), but no economist ever said the Euro would collapse the next day of a rumoured Grexit or even the next day - or week, or month even- of a *real* Grexit. The Eurozone will almost certainly dissolve (or become much smaller) if Greece leaves it and it manages to overcome the crisis. 
If Greece is not revived though then the Eurozone will not only survive but it will become much stronger than it already is, which is why many in Greece expect not only zero support by the EU if they dare go on their own but even a silent or less silent sabotage by Germany and its satellites, to ensure Greece fails and the Euro survives.
@_date: 2015-06-29 23:40:09
@_date: 2015-07-05 03:45:19
Sure, I get your points.