@_author: sharpenedstinger
@_date: 2017-08-17 13:59:09
I'm curious as to why you disagree. Or did he just hit a soft spot you can't respond to?
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:10:49
This is very wrong. As a ring merchant and connoisseur, I can in fact tell you that MANY if not most people buy rings because of their looks. At least the people I have come in contact with never even considered it as an investment except when they "remembered" that pretty ring they bought actually had real resale value. 
The jewelry industry is an industry based on feeling. A jeweler who is cutting a diamond on a ring will lose his job if he cuts a 1ct diamond into .99ct to make a prettier cut because it will be worth MUCH less. Diamonds have very little use outside of being pretty.
You cannot buy a gold plated jewelry, sure you could fool people but if they find out the truth they will not be able to look at the ring the same way and will NOT want it. But this isn't because they "feel" the ring being worth less. It's because they imagine it not being pretty on the inside and feel cheated
Outside of this, gold has other tangible uses in many industries including electronics. 
At the moment, as someone who hasn't invested in bitcoin and doesn't know much about it , it just seems like a fancy stock that only keeps rising because of the fact that it keeps rising and people are trying to get their hands on it. Except unlike stocks it doesn't translate to anything real. And given the climate of this subreddit, how many people just just see it is as a fancy money maker than a real currency, I stand by what I said. A big scare will happen, and then many more and that will be all it takes for people to lose faith in this virtual currency and it will drop. Prove me wrong
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:32:28
No no no, see you're thinking with your rational brain. I don't think you've stepped foot into a ring market and see what sells and what doesn't. Purchases are made based on feeling. It's not the monetary value they're after, it's the "value" of gold --all of it.. the pretty lady they saw one time wearing that fancy ring that everyone was jealous of;  the displays of wealth by gold in ancient egypt; the countless tv shows hyping it up. the monetary is just a small fraction of it. Bitcoin will never reach that level, even though I see it as just the same thing as jewelry. a bunch of nothing that people decided to give value to. Except that bitcoin doesn't invoke any feelings other than a fancy stock that just keeps going up.
@_date: 2017-09-14 16:00:15
RemindMe! 16 days
@_date: 2017-09-14 16:11:04
You said remember so you must know the details of what happened when china closed the exchange for 4 months. Is this the exact same scenario? What's different t his time? There must be a reason people are panicking this time if Chinas crackdown last time was nothing more than a 4 month long threat 