@_author: shatterpulse
@_date: 2016-11-27 07:15:58
This is a good question, but no, QE doesn't cause inflation.
Under QE, newly created money isn't released into circulation (which would cause inflation). Instead, it is immediately spent to purchase treasury bonds. The idea is that this helps keep long-term interest rates low, thereby making capital more easily available and stimulating economic growth.
Understanding the Central Bank's role is crucial to fully understand why the theory behind QE. One of the primary jobs of the Central Bank is to set the interest rate that it lend to other banks. In the US, this interest rate is called the Fed Funds Rate. By raising or lowering the rate, the Fed makes it easier or harder for people and companies to access money. Lower interest rates = more economic growth.
After the crash of 2007-2008, the Fed put the interest rate at zero, but wanted to do more to stimulate economic growth. Thus, QE was invented. Banker's posited that, if they bought large amounts of government bonds with newly minted money, the yields for bonds would fall, and this would encourage investments in companies (stocks)--further encouraging economic growth in the long-term. Whether this works or not is hotly debated.
@_date: 2016-11-07 22:23:46
Can't wait
@_date: 2016-11-26 17:07:09
This comment is absurd. The government (Fed and Treasury) control the quantity of money in circulation. However, if they were to print fiat (i.e., expand the nominal supply of money) at a higher rate than the real economy is growing, high rates of inflation would occur. 
Bottom line: the government cannot create money to "fund itself" without creating hyperinflation.
Friedman' monetarism is a great place to start if you want to educate yourself. Inflation (π) is determined by change in money (ΔM), velocity (Δv), and real output (ΔY).
π = %ΔM + (%Δv – %ΔY)
@_date: 2016-11-27 18:11:49
Thanks for your response as well. I agree it might result in some level of inflation. I also agree that QE was designed to satiate desire for safe money... M2 (near money) but also bonds, CDs, and other low yield investments. That said, I'm highly skeptical of anyone who claims to understand the long-term impact of QE.
Under QE, The Fed buys treasury bonds from approved Primary Dealers (e.g., Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, and 16 others). These dealers are free to sell the Fed their own bonds OR bonds owned by their clients. Their clients can mean high-net-worth individuals with brokerage accounts, hedge fund managers, traditional banks, hedge funds, corporations, et cetera. This means that QE moves newly minted money directly into the global economy. The intention, I believe, is to remove duration risk from the market through the purchase of longer-term securities, thereby boosting prices of other assets. By making conservative investments less attractive, QE encourages alternative investments such as bonds with very long maturities, dividend paying stocks, real estate, precious metals, etc.
Bottom line is that QE is an attempt to lower long-term interest rates (and keep them low for a understood period of time) while flooding the economy with cash to increase consumption and more risky investment. Trying to predict the behavior of millions of market participants is extremely difficult.