@_author: shaunm001
@_date: 2014-04-23 14:11:21
Advising people not to buy into "the most inefficient" process is ignorant? I don't follow. True, if you buy at the right time you can make your money back in the minute-by-minute or hour-by-hour minor price fluctuations. But hold those GHS any longer than a day, and that money is pretty much gone. Just go look at the price history on CEX.IO own website - straight line decline over past month. They don't show you any more than 1 months history, but it's out there and it's straight line decline as far back as you can see.
@_date: 2014-04-23 13:31:36
That was my reasoning for going with CEX.IO versus buying my own mining hardware. When you buy mining hardware with dollars, that is sunk cost that you can never recoup except through the bitcoins earned by your miner. All my calculations pointed to a barely breakeven scenario no matter what hardware I purchased. But with cloud mining at CEX.IO, I reasoned, you could put your money in and get it out at any point. Sure, there would be volatility risks as BTC/USD and GHS/BTC prices rise and fall, but I never imagined a scenario of *constant* price decline in GHS/BTC. Who would ever buy into a model like that? Well, that is exactly the case with CEX.IO and after patiently waiting for 4 months for the price to bottom out, I finally got fed up. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 16:40:28
Ugh...I wish I would have read this before I bought a contract. I just bought a contract a few days ago and I'm already concerned. 
1) The website shows pictures of iOS apps on iPhone and iPad, but I can't find anything from them on the App store.
2) The BTC market price they quote at the top of their website seems to be tracking Mt Gox price only. Anyone who has been following the news should know that Mt Gox price is not accurate and BTC indexes everywhere are removing Gox from their calculations.
3) The website says "Enable two-factor authentication", but when you go to the dashboard, there is no option to enable it.
4) Website says "Live customer support" but there is no where on the site to start a live support session, only email support.
7) Website has a link entitled "Can I cancel my account" which refers you to their terms and conditions. But the word "Cancel" doesn't show up anywhere in their terms and conditions.
6) After purchasing a 10GH/s "Silver" contract, I went back to the website a day later and saw that they had changed it to "30GH/s". I sent a support request (email only) to ask if my contract would be changed to reflect their new terms, but I am highly doubtful they will honor this request.
I would advise people to steer clear at this point.
@_date: 2014-04-23 10:53:34
Price is looking pretty good right now - except that it will fall by 50% in the next few weeks. And then again. And then again. I'm not sure how the site can continue to exist in the long run.
@_date: 2014-04-23 13:21:58
Sorry, but it's not simply a matter of the difficulty rising. Of course I researched and was well aware beforehand that difficulty does rise. The problem - with CEX.IO at least - is the constant decline in the value of GHS/BTC that erodes away all of your account value. I can only assume the price is constantly declining because more people, on average, are selling than are buying. What boggles my mind is how there are still any people left that have any GHS to sell since there has been a constant selling trend for at least a year now. The price of GHS/BTC there will soon be approaching zero, so what happens to the site then? CEX.IO is on a bad trajectory and I don't think it will end well for anyone still left with money in the site. 
@_date: 2014-04-23 13:25:39
I agree that individual/personal mining is a fruitless endeavor now, and that is the point of my post. Bitcoin is still up-and-coming, there are new people coming on board every day, and I just want to stress to those people not to be lured by the siren call of "earning money through bitcoin mining" like so many of us have been.