@_author: sheeproadreloaded2
@_date: 2014-03-23 04:24:14
.com usually denotes a website rather than an app.
MTGOX was a website. same with io.com, sheepmarketplace, silk roads 1 and 2, Pandora etc etc
In fact EVERY PLACE THAT HAS EVER STOLEN BITCOINS. If somebody else has the private key, you've given them your bitcoins.
I saw a guy with an iphone the other day on the tube. He was either an american or a graphic designer. they love being bossed about by something they own.
@_date: 2014-01-13 00:58:57
Of course its ridiculous. Bitcoins only exist in a file called the blockchain. They don't "flow about" between phones and computers. You can't edit the blockchain without an internet-connected wallet app.
@_date: 2014-03-26 14:31:32
I don't think I could even memorize the name of one wallet. I would have to have it recorded somehow, or even more dangerously, have the wallet on a computer.
I find wallets again by paying 0.000666BTC into them.
@_date: 2014-03-22 15:52:20
I've already spent longer than I intended to on Reddit. 
I'm sure there must be a few people here who understand the blockchain, and can answer all the "what's a bitcoin" questions. I'm pointing at $500 million dollars, stashed in February 2014. Its a fact, and I'm not commenting on it, aside from a little speculation to guide your thinking, which I can't factually support.
Look where my finger is pointing. Don't stare at my finger, or speculate about the owner of the finger. Reddit is quite american dominated, and while I love americans, they're not always very polite in forums. They're already pissed at Simon Cowell telling them where they're going wrong, and take it out on SR Reloaded 2.
So reddit users, I'm giving you the finger, and nothing else. If somebody starts a red herring disinformation rumour, ask to see their working out.
I have to go back to my day job. Driving round in a van, solving mysteries.
A simple "thank you" will be sufficient.
@_date: 2014-03-23 04:29:37
If you get your bitcoins back, ditch the iphone, otherwise you'll have to use a web-based wallet. Like MTGOX's.
'nuff said
@_date: 2014-03-21 10:47:54
**I THINK THESE 120 WALLETS, EACH CONTAIN 10,000 BTC OF STOLEN FUNDS. THEY CHANGED THEIR MIND WHEN THEY WERE FOUND ON 16 FEB**
I don't think they've just "found" them. I think I "found" them, so they decided not to steal them. Or it jogged their memory. There are at least 120 wallets, each containing 1000.000777 BTC. 
Here is a typical one:-
The 1000BTC was moved into each wallet in February, then the thief marked them all the same day with a 0,000777BTC payment from a phone wallet:-
 I sat on the discovery for a few weeks, then discussed it with a bitcoin forum moderator and posted it a few places. It was ignored. 
Then I emailed Kolin Burgess. He's the guy who did the protest outside Gox, then organised a group action. 
Click on any of those red arrow "777" payments. Who could possibly stash half a billion $US of bitcoins in early february? 
Satoshi, the Winkelvii, or the Mt GOX owner. T
wo of them looked smug, one looked confused in his driveway, and one was sweating like a shifty-eyed pig.
 I think the phone wallet (now empty) was used to record the public keys (wallet addresses). The private keys would have been printed off and stashed in the same order between the pages of a book or something. A private key on its own is useless, and not evidence unless somebody tries to unlock every wallet in the world with it, and gets lucky. 
Those malleable transactions, eh? 
**Bollocks! Bitcoins started being stolen in 2011 if you look at the oldest wallets**.
 I was working on another job, and just checking out big chunks of bitcoin moving about. I always mark suspected stolen bitcoin wallets with a "666", or a combo of 3s, 6s or 9s depending on my level of certainty. I kept noticing these 777s in piles of bitcoins and I wondered if I'd done them when I was drunk or something.Seeing my own marking method being used for crime instead of philanthropy pissed me off. 
So I "666"ed that wallet. I 666'd it up good, using my 1Ah "blockchain avenger" wallet because he was obviously familiar with its work
The first time on 16 Feb, I didn't put 2 and 2 together to make Gox. I did some more poking about when I finished my paid job on the blockchain, posted a few places, but not here. I don't like Reddit.
Maybe the wallet owner noticed 666's in it and knew the gig was up. "Oh! Here they all are!". 
**Lets see if those wallets start having transactions now. We've got that phone owner bang to rights. It can only be a GOX employee**
Apologies for the long post. Just to remind you of the sums and dates, here is a typical 10,000BTC cashpile again that somebody stashed and marked 
Over a hundred of those "777" marked ones alone. He market other wallets with other numbers, but haven't worked out his code.
**Please satisfy yourself that there is half a billion dollars of bitcoins in 120 wallets, moved in, then marked by the same android phone wallet in early february, and base your comments on if its factually correct, or technically flawed. Sometimes you can point at half a billion dollars, and Reddit users talk about your finger.**
I asked Kolin Burgess to buy me a nice sponge cake if his group get their bitcoins back.
@_date: 2014-01-08 13:14:49
North Korea is a very advanced bitcoin economy. Don't believe me? Type Pyongyang as your location in 
Would they be openly trading bitcoin if the government didn't LOVE bitcoin? Crystal meth goes OUT in diplomatic bags. Bitcoin comes IN, because they don't trust their own diplomats with foreign currency.
Bitcoin is the ultimate sanctions-busting currency. Type in Tehran, Zimbabwe, anywhere!
The only places really lagging behind are the US and canada - the lumbering dullards of bitcoin.
The North Korean accepting a bitcoin tip from a yank, pretending to be amazed by white man's fire from the skies, will have imported the public and private keys from that paper wallet into their Samsung galaxy 4 and thought "arogant imperialist pig. I laugh in the face of their Apple iphone with no bitcoin wallet app, but a backdoor to their spy agency. HA! And also at their checked jacket / hawain shirt / baseball cap, sandals and black socks combo. Do they have no european couture in their backward, isolationist country?"
@_date: 2014-03-23 04:45:23
This doesn't ask the question.
What question? I started the thread, and said some stuff. I'm not god. But love is the answer.
Or 42.
@_date: 2014-03-23 03:42:08
do you think they weren't tumbled?
Work back from any of the wallets. There is one unbeatable step in a tumbler. When you deposit a bitcoin, then somebody from yesterday's bitcoin is tumbled.
That never happens with large sums.
Don't speculate. Have a look-see.
@_date: 2014-03-23 04:12:09
MTGOX used web wallets.
They aren't wallets.
@_date: 2014-06-12 00:39:43
Oh, for god's sake. I thought we'd sorted all this.
The MTGOX stolen bitcoins are in the 120 wallets marked by 0.000777 payments from this wallet.
Most of the accounts had 10,000 bitcoins moved in the day after Gox filed for bankruptcy, then the 120 wallets were marked with a "777".
I waqs investigating the theft of the Silk Road 2 escrow for a couple of UK vendors. Blockchain.info used to have a really useful feature (no longer working) where you could see the largest recent transactions.
I noticed all these 10,000BTC caqsh piles with a 777 in them, and I thought "did I do that when I was drunk?" (I mark suspect wallets with a 0.000666BTC payment from my 1Ah wallet).
There are pages and pages of 777s recording the public keys of these 120 wallets, then silence, then a second spike of activity as I marked the wallet with 666's, and tried to send a message to the thief on behalf of the person who hired me - 1=A, 26=z. You can see the two spikes of activity here.
Since then, most of the wallets ahve received a 55 payment and a "begging letter" - both probably from law enforcement agencies (I see that begging letter wallet all the time during my investigations. Sometimes minutes before I get there, with zero confirmations).
That doesn't look like MTGOX money to me. Its only 1000 bitcoins. MTGOX stole 5% of the world's bitcoin, worth more than a billion dollars at the time.
I try to avoid reddit, and the comments following this post will show you why. But assuming you aren't one of the abusive idiots who doesn't understand the blockchain, this is what I think happenned.
Somewhere in a house in Japan, there is a french-language copy of the bible, with 120 Private key QR codes printed out and stashed between its pages. Without knowing what wallet they belong to, they are useless.
On a Samsung galaxy phone in a sweaty, shifty-eyed frenchman's pocket, is a bitcoin wallet which now contains zero bitcoin, but has 120 tiny payments into wallets.
Followed by a 666 payment from me. Followed by a press statement announcing that MTGOX had found 10% of the missing bitcoin in "an old format wallet".
Karpeles will be extridited to the US, forced to name this "old format wallet". It will contain a 777 payment,l linking him to the 119 other wallets, and he will go to jail.
This is my gift to you. I', going now before you all insult my finger. A few of you will notice that its pointing at 1.2 million bitcoins stashed in early february.
@_date: 2014-03-23 04:58:55
Because I'm not serious, and neither is the finger you're messaging me about
But the thing I'm pointing at is
I was hoping that every single question wouldn't be about me, my manner, morals, motivation, or anything unconnected to the blockchain.
I don't feel the need to establish my credentials by presenting a dry scientific paper. The thing I'm pointing at is factually self-evident.
Don't give me a hard time. Ive got square eyes and my phone finger is sore.
One day there will be thousands of me. but I invented this. We don't even have a name in the dictionary yet. It will join "twerking" and "Doxxed". I think blockchain avenger is as good as anything. Somebody pinched a bitcoin off me once and I followed it. Its not hard.
@_date: 2014-11-25 08:48:53
The number of transactions pr day has increased due to the number of wallets bitcoin goes through when tumbled - either a marketplace's internal tumbler, or ones used by drug vendors to exchanges.
The bitcointumbler of the largest darknet marketplace (agora) has been at a standstill since before the weekend. It was fixed today and had to catch up with 3 days of deposits and withdrawals.
@_date: 2014-11-08 01:50:09
I read that you have experience working with bitcoin. That's reassuring that you have experience you're able to tell us about.
My question is, how are you funded
@_date: 2014-03-23 03:46:33
No. I'm pointing at a wallet that is pointing at them. I didn't put those 777s there the day after the deposits. The thief did. this means that, using one wallet address, he can find all the wallets without keeping the public and private keys together.
If he's arrested and his phone checked, the police just see one wallet with a few cents in it.
The private keys will be QR codes printed off and hidden in a bible or photographed and stored on a memory card. Unless the two are put together, they aren't admissible as evidence.
@_date: 2014-03-23 04:31:23
Oh, I was mistaken. I thought apple wouldn't allow bitcoin wallet apps in its istore. Apple users are forced to use web-based wallets, like those on MTGOX.
I stand corrected.
What app is it?
@_date: 2014-03-23 01:25:09
No. Unl;ess the rich list all became rich on the same day in february, and the guy found them and 777'd them the next day.
Don't look at my finger.
No taint analysis was used. I haven't tracked the bitcoiun back to
And I'm sure rthey've all been tumbled.
A tumbler is easy to beat if you see the bitcoin going IN, and there's a large amount. You just follow the largest chunk at each tumble, until you're halfway through and the chunks start to re-aggregate and get bigger. from there, you just do a reverse (forward-looking) taint analysis. Ignore the "% taint". You're looking for the number of connections.
You'll scroll down and they are all 2s and 1s, then suddenly 1017 or something. That's the bitcoin being reassembled.
Anyway, I'm sure I dont need to explain tumblers to you bitcoin experts.
There are more than 100  "777"s. Make sure you look on page 2 etc and thye filter isn't on.
@_date: 2014-03-22 15:26:39
No, Mt Gox are giving it back.
You need to keep up with the news. They found it down the back of the sofa. After their sofa got spray painted with a big "666", a flashing red light and a rape alarm.
Bitcoin can't be killed, no need to cash out. When cash is gone, people will have to "bitcoin out" of dollars. And changing to cash is not that hard if you run the world's largest (once) bitcoin exchange.
He's only returning 200,000 BTC, so maybe he's going to rob the rest using bankruptcy protection.
I'd prefer everyone to get ALL of their bitcoin back, Magic The Gathering Online Exchange to close permanently, and for its owner to go to jail. That's what's going to happen, but its going to be a long wait for some MTGOX victims.
Its my personal belief that no one person should own more than 3% of the world's bitcoin. I happen to know it is also the belief of bitcoin's inventor.
Twins count as two people, but if one were to drown in a rowing accident, I would feel compelled to investigate. President Winkelvoss could pretend to be right handed, when he's sinistral. 
Or "cack handed", as we call it in the UK.
@_date: 2014-03-22 14:40:27
I use a phone to mark wallets with 0.000666. You just point your android phone camera at the QR code in the top right corner of the blockchain.info page, type in 0.000666 (or 0.000777 in the case of this french born gentleman living in Japan) and click "send".
Its an android phone. As we all know, iphones dont have any bitcoin wallets. Also, I think this is a man. Apple is a girl's phone.
android for the boys. I phone for the ladies. Nokia for grandma, Blackberry for the overworked future heart attack victim.
You can see which wallets I've marked as suspicious here. 
Sometimes its a lot. Sometimes you need to write a message where 1=A, and 26=Z. Try pointing a laptop camera at a laptop screen. It just doesn't work.
@_date: 2014-03-23 04:42:53
Its a right pain though. Try doing it 120 times, then hiding a laptop.
Those 120 wallets are probably in multibit client. he can then directly print out the QR code of each private key.
Youve made me think though. rather than using blockchain.info, he probably used the multibit client QR codes to point his samsung galaxy at.
Nice one, davvblack. Yours has been the only helpful message I've had. I don't stash bitcoins, I hunt them. I was thinking like a hunter.
I'm glad my curiosity brought me back to reddit now, for this one constructive message.
Thank you
The multibit client is usually used in bitcoin thefts. This is quite an unusual one. He's copying me, and I know how I do it
@_date: 2015-01-24 17:44:43
It looks like it just moves sideways through a few wallets and ends up here:-
an I missing something?
@_date: 2015-01-05 12:28:42
It doesn't "feel" like a hack or robbery to me.
I'm usually chasing stolen bitcoins. Today, i'm buying artificially cheap bitcoin to re-sell on wednesday.
Everyone knows that bitstamp is one of those terrible american exchanges where you have to deposit money and wait for bitcoin, most people here are using localbitcoins I imagine. 
If its a hack, the FBI will be straight on it as its their jurisdiction.
@_date: 2015-01-18 20:46:00
That geezer seems to ignore that the bitcoin price is event-driven.
In this case, I think one of the Winklevoss twins is talking to the securities and exchange commission about finally getting teir bitcoin ETF listed. The other one was trading large quantities of bitcoin to reduce the price artificially.
In April 2013 they were responsible for bitcoin's biggest price spike. They certainly have enough bitcoin to massively distort the market.
Unfortunately, their ETF is uninsureable, people want the keys themselves, so the ETF will trade at a discount to its underlying bitcoin.
I wonder if they're going to acquire 51% personally, as cheaply as possible, then take the bitcoins out of the ETF wrapper?
Or theyve shorted bitcoin? Nobody has come up with a reason for this so far, and the only thing which keeps this quiet is insider trading.
@_date: 2016-03-01 14:19:51
I don't think a group can be "an open source group" like a computer program can be open source. We don't know who comprises the group, its office, or its motives. Is it a pressure group? does it have an agenda to promote, is it a political lobby group like tobacco or big pharma, sponsored by commercial interests?
Anybody can say anything on the internet. This is reddit after all! Just because this is it's just a bunch of kids on reddit. This sub often has a good understanding of the technical points of the bitcoin protocol, but shows less awareness of points that I made above than This sub sees the detail, but doesn't step back to see the big bitcoin picture. I'm glad that it's here, because the 10% of the bitcoin iceberg above the waterline of legality. The 90% of the bitcoin economy in depend on us discussing  the block size limit, buying pizza with bitcoin, and pretending that satoshi is alive but very quiet, as an unwitting front.
I HOPE you are just pretending that Satoshi is just very, very quiet. We do all know why he's quiet, right? I don't visit this sub often.
Bitcoin has ACTUALLY been decentralized for 18 months now. It used to be centralized around what satoshi thought. He would have decided the block size limit, no arguements.
@_date: 2016-03-01 13:57:40
This "group" seemed as confused about what is a wallet and what is a website hosting wallets as the average iphone user.
Real, actual bitcoin wallets that hold your keys locally seem to score lower than the wallets hosted by websites like coinbase or blockchain.info.
Even if you use a mobile app which acts as a front-end for them, its no different to accessing them via a web browser. They are fundamentally no different to the "wallets" hosted by MTGOX, SilkRoad or Alphabay.
The group claim to include Andreas Antonopoulis, but I feel certain that he would know the difference between full client wallets (hosting a copy of the blockchain on the same PC), thin-client wallets like mycelium, electrum and multibit client, and bitcoin-stealing websites which host "wallets" and look after your bitcoin for you.
"Security" has two possible definitions in the bitcoin world:-
1. Protection from theft of your bitcoin, and
2. Protection of your anonimity. As an example, can   tell that two blockchain addresses are part of the same wallet on the same device, or hosted by the same company, website or darknet marketplace?
My final criticism is that the "group" at some points forget that bitcoins don't live in a wallet, a freezer, or a military-grade bunker with a satellite overhead for some reason (xapo). I'm sure I don't need to point out here that bitcoins don't exist physically, and they don't exist electronically. They don't flow through the internet or TOR nodes like emails or ip packets. There is nothing TO flow.
There is just the blockchain. A database with pairs of addresses that increase and decrease by the same amount simultaneously, simulating the flow of "coins" between them. But there is nothing to flow, bitcoin is an abstract concept to make it easier for people to understand the blockchain (which is ALL of bitcoin, but basically just a great big blackboard with everybody's bar tab).
Is your bitcoin wallet safer to use if a TOR circuit is between your computer and the blockchain? Or at greater risk because you depend on several computers between you and the blockchain, doing chinese whispers?
@_date: 2013-12-04 16:48:51
Its a human failing to assign a value to something, based on its value when you first bought it.
I bought my first bitcoin for £80 GB. I made the mistake of thinking this "bubble" will burst,and it will return to it's "normal" value of £80.
People who bought their first one for £700 are already waiting for the price to fall back to "normal".
Bitcoin is a protocol, like HTTP. Its also a bank,and a western union.Soon it will be an international exchange currency which can't be manipulated or printed.
By the time a bitcoin requires a wheelbarrow of cash to buy, the "big changeover" will begin. Dollars have become as unnatractive as Zimbabwean money.
Remember - bitcoin is just a number on a computer into which we place trust. The number increases at a fixed rate every 10minutes until 2140.
Bitcoin is the reference point - the straight line on the graph. Its the relative desireability of old-economy flat currencies that vary.
The cash zombies on the wrong side of the old economy / new economy fence will need to get their wealth over to the right side,and out of those leaking buckets.
There are 11 million good buckets to get all of the world's wealth over the fence in.
In 20 years, anybody who owns a whole bitcoin will be able to buy a castle with it. It already pays for a decent second-hand car.
On "Silk Road wednesday,I hoovered up bitcoins for £65 each. By Friday, drug users had replaced their FBI-stolen coin and never even went a whole weekend without drugs,and the bitcoin rally began. A bitcoin is £710 today. 500,000 of them have been trying to escape from me and my 666's, but now I've given up, they can be gradually laundered into euros, slowing the price deflation (increase) a fair amount.
Learn from history.
Allthe bitcoins in the world couldn't buy a medium-sized company.It's MASSIVELY undercapitalized.
This isn't as bubble. science tells us that the price will increase exponentially,with the odd scare to make prices even more attractive. Buy them yesterday. If not, today will have to do.
Currency is defined as a store of value, and a means of exchange. Bitcoin wins on both fronts, especially in the internet can't-trust-those-banks age. Science says it will win,and "eat" all other currencies like a perfect virus that can't be killed.
Always trust science.
@_date: 2013-12-13 11:12:09
It means that if a website owner made off with everyone's bitcoins, this software is like an accountant following the money being laundered through hundreds of wallets and tumblers, before being mixed with a gaming site, and going into cold storage as if from a gaming site. The blockchain contains every transaction between bitcoin wallets.
The owner of a wallet can only be determined currently when they change bitcoin into money in a bank account.
When the owner of one wallet is known, this software appears to cluster many wallets together which probably belong gto the same person.
Just to give a hypothetical example, say the sheepmarket scam bitcoins ended up in three Just-Dice.com cold storage wallets, mixed with thousands of tiny bitcoin fragments?
This software would save somebody weeks of detective work.
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:02:09
I know I said I'd stop the detective work now, over on the sheepmarket Reddit. But I got annoyed when the papers decided that he immediately sold 5% of the world's bitcoins on BTC-E. How come an expert money launderer like me can't sell 5BTC without the world knowing my wallet address, name, account and sort code?
Some kind of meat was turned into a curry, then into human waste down in the blockchain, but you can smell the mutton flowing under "Justice". Just-Dice, sorry.
They think they're working the arm of a one-armed bandit. Its actually a bitcoin-slicing guillotine.
Somebody should go to Dooglus' house and ask if he's building a bigger pool or something.
You know who he is and where he lives, right?
When I saw this (possibly) going down, I turned my blockchain avenger wallet on my mobile towards his cash piles. I used numbers like 60606 or 0.000369 for this,in case its an unrelated scam.
If He's OK to take $3M + $1M out, he won't try to prevent YOU from withdrawing your 0.22BTC, will he?
Sheepmarket somehow fitted a delay on the wallet withdrawals. It must have taken a lot of clever coding because standard wallets just let you do what you want.
I sort of imagined Dooglus to be a broke maths student until I saw the mansion this crap-shack is paying for.
You're all the probability experts. How do you rate your chances of getting your money out when you ask? Phone his helpline or write to his registered address if you have difficulty, because he's behind a VPN.  Oh....
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:27:25
Some of you invested in the site. I guess you've got Doog's mobile number at least - he's your business partner. Can you give him a call, and just ask him to settle everyone's nerves?
Here is the surprisingly totally empty hot wallet
and here is the "Online Storage" wallet
$500M have flowed through it - mainly last month. Now there is $0.6M in it.
(usually, if you follow the biggest chunk of the newest red arrow, you find newer and newer wallets, until the red arrow is replaced with a green arrow, "zero transactions", and a stack of hot bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:47:58
"Dooglus" must be buying a new house. He's moved $3 million into a personal wallet in chunks over the last couple of days.
I'm sure the site is adequately funded, and you all have your public and private keys to withdraw your money any time you like. An awful lot of sites, the withdrawals are made difficult recently. Then they blame a hacker for stealing your bitcoin.
I just found myself in the blockchain underneath this nasty windows 95-looking washing machine inside a one-armed bandit box. 
Four million dollars..so that's 1% of the sites $400 million of business. You can never tell,can you? Because it looks like a crap shack designed to splinter bitcoins and mix them in with the SheepMarket moneys via
if you do a FORWARD taint analysis from any of the sites truly MASSIVE accounts.
Dooglus sounds like a good guy. He's got your emergency bitcoin wallet addresses. Just like SheepMarket.
@_date: 2013-12-13 10:45:06


For some reason, Mooshire, I think I remember you saying that inputs.io had found a way of setting daily withdrawal limits as a safety feature.
That would have worried rather than impressed me. 
@_date: 2013-12-13 23:01:56
The hot wallet has zero in it today.
Cold storage had $65M go in and out of it in one day a few weeks back,  
but I never noticed because I was busy trying to catch the SheepMarket money trying to escape around that time.
If your profit margins are THAT tight, paying out 3,000 bitcoins to one person must have hurt today.
Ouch! 
(that 0.000636 was donated by me, to congratulate the winner. If I won 3 million dollars, I think I'd be very tempted to retire)
I'm afraid I have no idea if you're young or old, Dooglus. Do you plan to retire eventually, or go on and on?
I don't want to intrude too much on your privacy, but half a billion dollars going through a wallet in 6 months kind of makes you a public figure. Its a lot of money to "look after", even for gamblers.
I have Richard Gere-style silver hair, due to driving round in a van, solving mysteries. But hundreds of millions of bitcoin dollars, all under your watch,with your investment partners phoning and dropping round all the time - must bring their own stress.
Imagine the tax on half a billion.
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:53:00
"Dooglus" must be buying a new house. He's moved $3 million into a personal wallet in chunks over the last couple of days.
I'm sure the site is adequately funded, and you all have your public and private keys to withdraw your money any time you like. An awful lot of sites, the withdrawals are made difficult recently. Then they blame a hacker for stealing your bitcoin.
I just found myself in the blockchain underneath this nasty windows 95-looking washing machine inside a one-armed bandit box.
Four million dollars..so that's 1% of the sites $400 million of business. You can never tell,can you? Because it looks like a crap shack designed to splinter bitcoins and mix them in with the SheepMarket moneys via
if you do a FORWARD taint analysis from any of the sites truly MASSIVE accounts.
Dooglus sounds like a good guy. He's got your emergency bitcoin wallet addresses. Just like SheepMarket.
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:35:05
That drop was because The sheep scam finally started to leak out. The massive spike in April was the Winkelvii buying 1% of the world's bitcoin. However, 5% of the world's bitcoin being SOLD in one day coincided with the highest price in bitcoin history.
Unless its a pile of crap.All I see is trains full of wool, bundled into neat 500 and 1000BTC bales.
@_date: 2013-12-13 22:45:45
isn't everything randomized and automated? Otherwise you could overturn people's winnings. You have thier wallet private keys., and you're sponsored by a VPN provider.
I'm also being Devil's advocate, Sarbanes Oxley, and the UK Financial services authority. I was poking around in your wallets earlier with my 1Ah phone wallet
and noticed you visiting the cashpoint before xmas shopping,  using your card limit to withdraw $3M dollars in 3 days.
I thought MY christmas was expensive. You must be married. Unless it was a big winner. Somebody cashed their chips.