@_author: sheeproadreloaded
@_date: 2013-11-08 06:13:24
The Winklevoss twins annoy me. I find twins creepy, but especially privileged harvard-types with a grandiose sense of entitlement. I love it when they don't think things through properly and keep making expensive balls-ups.
The bitcoin price spike in April was caused by some twins trying to buy too many bitcoins in a three day period for their exchange traded fund of bitcoins. I won't name the twins, but they have tall foreheads and demand to see the Dean.
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) are an easy way to invest in something that is usually complicated to buy eg a uranium mining ETF.
Bitcoin is designed to be traded on the street. If you have a bitcoin wallet,you own a bank and a western union office,with tiny fees and zero red tape. Brokers, bankers, federal commisions, tax, commision charges, fund managers, and anyone who tries to stop you from doing what the hell you want with your money, when you want, with anyone you choose anywhere on the planet, can go f*ck themselves.
That's why every site, exchange, or anything that smells even slightly of a traditional financial institution either goes bankrupt, steals your bitcoin, or manages to make something cool uncool.
Why would anybody but an idiot buy a piece of paper for a share of some bitcoins on a flash drive in a safe in the Winkelvoss mansion, when they can buy bitcoins? The best things about bitcoin are its portability, and its anonymous ownership.
Who would buy a non-portable version of the most overpriced bitcoins ever purchased (until this week), from two Ivy league guys who will no doubt f*ck it up somehow, then sue you, shouting "don't you know who our father is?"
@_date: 2013-11-04 06:12:21
WHY is it increasing so quickly?
In April,it was the Winklevoss twins hoovering them up ove a few days for their exchange traded Fund
@_date: 2013-11-15 00:40:15
I lost my bitcoin virginity on localbitcoins.com. Little did I know at the time that I'd stumbled across the best place to buy and sell bitcoins by a mile.
Because I got so lucky first time, I just assumed everybody did their bitcoin there. I gradually discovered people using places where they don't get their bitcoin straight away,or have to register bank details.
Whenever financial institutions get involved with bitcoin, they make a cool thing dorky. Or go bust with your money.
If I could predict the next google or facebook, its most likely to be localbitcoins.com.
Its also a very good way of sending money abroad. Don't type in your own town. Type in,say, Bangkok. Find a 100+ trader.
Type in the window "do you want to buy 2.14 Btc?"
"Yes. Go ahead"
"(name, account number, sort code - for the person in thailand you're sending cash to)"
Click "fund the escrow from your localbitcoins wallet"
"OK. I've funded the escrow"
5 minutes wait
"OK, done. Money in your account. Sorry for the delay. My laptop needed a reboot"
"Thanks. I've just released the bitcoin from the escrow. Goodnight"
Then you and the trader in thailand rate each other.
You've just put western union out of business.
@_date: 2013-11-08 06:18:04
Eventually, all that will remain is localbitcoins.com, the only corporate thing in the bitcoin world which is trustworthy and cool, so that we can find each other to trade bitcoins. And markets that allow bitcoin users to buy and sell whatever they want to each other.
@_date: 2013-11-07 22:17:44
Its actually DEflation, because our money buys more.
Until 2140, bitcoin will have many more rallies than crashes, because it can't be debased through quantitative easing aka printing a load more.
Its relatively new, banks are bastards,and having a bitcoin wallet is like owning a bank.
Every country is racing to deflate itself out of debt. We don't notice much relative change because all the currencies are being printed (there are 7 times as many dollars in the world than at the start of the crash).
Bitcoin is not only maintaining its trust, but more people are coming on board all the time. Its just a gradually increasing number with no intrinsic value, not backed by any treasury. And yet, people are buying it with dollars, pounds or euros. More people want to buy than sell, so buyers need to offer more dollars.
Its just catching on with small investors. Next it will be hedge funds. Then sovereign wealth funds and pension funds. But whenever financial institutions mess with bitcoins, they dork up a cool thing. The only way to buy it is on the street, via localbitcoins.com - trading phone to phone with cash and a handshake, or 5 minutes buying or selling via bank transfer to the "100+" traders using the escrow.
As its new, we don't know what drives its exchange rate. April's bubble was the Winklevoss twins buying too many and distorting the market.
It crashed on Silk road wednesday, by friday people were buying them back ready for the weekend on Sheep market or BMR. A fair chunk were out of circulation in the FBI's wallet and needed replacing.
There is also a weekly tidal flow superimposed on the graph. Drug buyers purchase BTC on tuesday and wednesday to pay for their weekend revelry, and the price rises slightly. On sunday and monday, the drug vendors liquidate the BTC they just earned to pay their chemist or farmer, and BTC gets a little cheaper.
The bubbles will outnumber the crashes long-term, as the trillions of flat currency chase a few million bitcoin. In 20 years, anyone who owns a WHOLE bitcoin will live in a castle. I can prove it with maths.
The worst time will be the "tipping point", when a self-reinforcing flight from paper to BTC will see great social upheaval - people racing to buy a loaf of bread with a wheelbarrow of paper money like Zimbabwe or 1930s germany.
@_date: 2013-11-08 04:24:13
I second that. Localbitcoins.com is the ONLY way to buy and sell bitcoins in my opinion - either on the street phone to phone for cash, or by bank transfer with one of the "100+" traders using the escrow. 
I usually choose the trader with the second best rate, because the one with the best rate is always busy and slow. You have a live window to type in, so if I was selling, I'd type "I've got 1.42Btc to sell. If you say yes I'll fund the escrow"
"Yes. I will be 5 minutes,is that OK? My laptop needs a reboot"
I then type in my name, account number and sort code, and click "fund the escrow from my wallet"
5 minutes later "done" appears on the screen. After I check my online bank, or check my account balance at the cash machine, I release the bitcoin in the escrow, say thanks, and leave and receive feedback.
When organisations get involved with bitcoin, they take a very cool thing and always dork it up.
5 days to buy or sell bitcoin? On localbitcoins, I once did a trade because I had no cash and needed to buy toilet roll. It took 10 minutes to turn the bitcoin into cash at the cash machine, purchased the toilet paper, hopping from foot to foot, then ran home to the bathroom and got my trousers down just in time!
@_date: 2013-11-04 06:06:12
Impossible to steal? The FBI have stolen 29,000 of them from Silk Road users when it seized the website.
If the FBI's wallet somehow just ceased to exist in the blockchain, with it's accompanying transaction history, those 29,000 BTC would reappear in their previous wallets, when the chain maths is consolidated
@_date: 2013-11-08 00:38:27
Its not a bubble, and its not inflation. Its bitcoin DEflation. But it's down to dollar inflation.
Bitcoin is just a number which gets a bit bigger every day until 2140. like sand dropping into the bottom of an egg timer. It's a straight line on a graph, completely predictable. It can't "bubble" or "pop" - its the baseline.
What we are seeing is confidence in the US dollar tank against this baseline - people are thrusting dollars at anyone with a bitcoin. The fed is scared to "taper" the printing of money. There are now 7 times as many dollars in the world than at the start of the banking crisis. Even with this, public employees weren't paid last month. How can the dollar remain the world's reserve currency when $7 is chasing every dollar of goods or services?
It can't, that's how. Money is a store of value, and now a dollar is only worth 14 cents. It just hasn't worked its way through against all the other countries which are racing to the bottom. The dollar, pound and euro are like 3 skydivers holding hands in freefall. Bitcoin has just flown past, but it isn't going up. Its standing still.