@_author: shekinahsgroom
@_date: 2016-12-01 23:26:42
The IRS doesn't, but since these actions are probably not even originating from the IRS...it's a means of penetrating an otherwise impenetrable virtual currency. 
Remember how the government was finally able to take down Capone? Mmm, hm...tax evasion. Even though it was never their true intent.
Has anyone else noticed recent ISP changes to their terms of service?
If you haven't yet, you will soon enough.
If the government doesn't have the authority to terminate a virtually currency, then they just terminate it's user's access to the net altogether! That includes your satellite or cable ISP, your cell phone, your streaming box, your Xbox, whatever. Kiss it goodbye and Bitcoin is just an afterthought.
@_date: 2016-12-01 23:49:48
Terms of service changes with your ISP are coming throughout the USA. 
The government is taking down more than just Bitcoin. You can add in torrent sites, child abuse/trafficking, prostitution, illegal or suspicious sales transactions or advertisements, illegal pornography, you name it. 
Your ISP terms of service changes gives your ISP the authority to monitor your activities at will, that includes terminating your service permanently if you make any attempts to mask your IP address via network interference or by using a VIP.
The ISP is one of the largest providers in the country.
Don't believe me? 
Think again man.....my ISP just did it recently.
I couldn't even pay my bill until I agreed to their new terms.
@_date: 2016-12-01 05:05:57
I'm not an expert in Bitcoin transactions, but I have read about the multiple controversies surrounding this virtual currency.
I think that many of you might be missing the 'actual' underlying intent? 
I seriously doubt that the IRS intends on prosecuting anyone or any entity (in the millions of potential users) for tax evasion. It's more likely that they'd be expecting Bitcoin to fight and as another member post pointed out (in video), that they're likely to just say no...or GFY!
That being said, their true intent might come to fruition if Bitcoin traders defy the order(s), which is a probable ban on Bitcoin itself.
Central banks don't like the idea of an uncontrollable and untraceable currency. So if Bitcoin traders have half a braincell in their heads, they'll just let the IRS have what they want and play along. Cuz the latter choice might be worse...by making Bitcoin worthless and terminate the virtual currency altogether (?)