@_author: shellgoldfiatcrypt
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:21:33
Intelligence always rises to the top, that is why intelligence is the goal, make good choices, you will rise. However, that is not true when barriers are in place by others who won you there and bar you from entry with licensing. Bitcoin is new and thus has no barriers to entry, that is what makes bitcoin beautiful. Be smart about it, you may win some but we gotta keep the regulators from regulating normal people without licenses from being barred. It is the peoples currency and the peoples choice! I hope we can create an organization to protect our money from corporate enterprises that will charge us fees above and beyond those of the exchanges already charge. We need an anti licensing 501(c)(3) to protect us from government enforcement and to play the same game other corporations do to protect themselves, we need someone to protect us! 
@_date: 2017-12-07 19:18:22
No. It is based on nothing, "nothing" being the mirror image of the bitcoin market. 
It is a mirror market at CME, the are NOT going to directly buy assets of bitcoin. They are not going to touch bitcoin except maybe transaction fees or limiting the market to where they can buy on behalf of others as an agency of bitcoin. CME will bet on a mirror market with marginal changes up or down of the future movements of bitcoin. That is why they call it "futures market". Watching and betting on the rise or fall of one market unrelated to the actual market. It is like betting on horse races without buying the horse. They call it a "future" but in reality it is a gamble on the future without effect to bitcoin raising or falling except to loose or win their marginal change bets. 
However, the more media they push to sell their futures, the higher bitcoin will rise. They will pay for media attention unlike bitcoin users have not. If a large bet is placed on the changes in the market, they may use the media to cause a short term frenzy to fluctuate the market, however, it will still grow at the upward trend even with their interrupting manipulations. That is why they are acting as an agent for those who want to buy through bitfinex, they intend to profit off the transaction fees when the market fluctuates while also profiting on marginal bets of the future in the future exchange they create.
Eventually if bitcoin spreads as a currency, the Fed will need to buy bitcoin (or bank vault wallets) to preserve the fractional reserve banking system in the U.S. however, we are not even close to that yet. 