@_author: shemhamforash
@_date: 2011-06-10 21:58:01
*Will bitcoin stabilize or tumble?*
It'll do both.
The speculators have created a real hurdle to the use of Bitcoins as a currency -- no one wants to spend them when they're gaining in value so quickly. I'd like to see the market stabilize at a lower value which gains slowly, so that Bitcoins can start being attractive as a currency again.
@_date: 2011-08-13 05:10:52
Not clear on a few things:
1. Is the file itself e-mailed to you, or is a link to the file e-mailed to you?  (Your sample page says a link is e-mailed.)
2. Is the link or redirect secured in any way? That is, can someone pay once, and then post the link on their blog for anyone to use?
@_date: 2011-06-05 04:59:44
[Bitcoin merit badge](
@_date: 2011-08-18 16:46:54


Is there one? A nonprofit equivalent to something like the Mozilla Foundation or Linux Foundation, I mean?  
@_date: 2013-04-04 05:32:55


That's what I'm waiting for. My sense is that Bitcoin is the Napster of cryptocurrencies, the proof-of-concept that changes reality, but doesn't stay on top forever, because future iterations improve on its flaws. 
"Flaws like what?"
Flaws like Bitcoin addresses being long strings of random characters that can't be spoken or easily remembered, or a blockchain that takes far too long to download, or confirmations that take far too long to be confirmed, or transaction limits that don't scale well, or huge amounts of mining CPU power wasted on what is essentially busywork, and so on.
I know there are a lot people emotionally invested in Bitcoin who will defend it against any of these criticisms, but the fact is that someday, when a new cryptocurrency comes along that addresses some or all of them well, Bitcoin will begin to sunset. I would love to see more people talking about what this future cryptocurrency should look like, and working to organize it.
I enjoy reading all the supportive posts here, and everyone involved in making Bitcoin a success has a lot to crow about, but Napster wasn't the be-all, end-all of P2P file distribution, and Bitcoin won't be the be-all, end-all cryptocurrency. A little more skepticism and a little more impatience with its flaws would suit the community better, IMO.
@_date: 2013-03-28 18:21:42
Bitcoin doesn't have to become "the universal currency of the future" to be worth more than $100 each. Even capturing a small segment of the online payments market would account for that. 
Or you can look at the price of gold, which is currently trading at about $1600 an ounce. There has been an estimated [10 billion ounces]( of gold mined over the course of human history, with more being mined every year, but there will only ever be 21 million bitcoins.
It's that unique combination of perfect scarcity, divisibility, and digital transmission that makes Bitcoin attractive as a store of value. 
That said, I don't expect Bitcoin to rise forever. Eventually government regulation will cause market turbulence, and possibly a crash. A successor cryptocurrency that addresses Bitcoin's shortcomings is something to watch for, as well. But in the meantime, Bitcoin has a lot of room to grow, and I believe is significantly undervalued at $100.