@_author: shenzhenigans
@_date: 2018-01-14 09:42:14
Living in a society without people paying taxes sounds like hell. Think about that for a bit. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 13:12:26
Sadly true, but also no military to protect and enforce law. It's a two way street. If you're trying to suggest that a US without a military is preferable then you need to do a bit more reading into government, diplomacy, international relations and international development. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 15:17:44
Comparing finding a wallet in the street to paying taxes just doesn't work. One is random and unauthorized (and post-tax) and the other is systemic and mandated through a democratic system. Comparing a massage and a drink with basic needs like education an security is also terrible comparison to make for obvious reasons. If you don't like taxation, are you proposing an entirely unregulated system of governance with unbridled privatization? Do you believe in protection against monopolies? I'm genuinely curious on what alternative you're proposing as superior to the existence of government. I'm the last person to say this government has it's shit together, far from it, but rather than ratcheting to the opposite end of the pendulum like you're proposing, I'm more for solutions that fix the many underlying issues. Unfunding government isn't one of those. 
Anyone who doesn't like paying taxes can feel free to go somewhere else. Most countries have some sort of obligation of it citizens that fits into their social contract. If you don't like contractual obligations required of citizens, feel free to go to an island without rule of law. You can enjoy complete unilateral liberty while missing out on the multitude of public amenities offered by nation states. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 13:34:03
-Theft=The act or crime of stealing. 
-To steal=take (another person's property) without permission or legal right and without intending to return it.
We can ignore the parts about crime, since the acting government sets taxation. To address the lack of intention to return it, we have public schools, infrastructure that is in the top 50% of the world, relative public order, a retirement system (though flawed, like all human systems), tax incentives for entrepreneurship and retirement savings. This is just surface level stuff. Are many of these things flawed? Hell yes, but show me a human system without any flaws. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 16:19:24
Taxes are not collected at gunpoint in our country. On the contrary, those who refuse to pay are fined and, if still refusing to pay, put in prison where their basic needs are met. Is it a sacrifice of personal liberty? Yes. But such is the nature of a social contract. Every civilized society in the world has the same exchange, though to different extents.
You also seem to be missing the distinction I made between basic needs and the consumer goods and services. A drink, massage, bread, and butter are not on the same level as education, security, and basic infrastructure and protections, unless that drink and bread are essential for survival (comparable to welfare via foodstamps). Your response also seems to imply that you don’t want or never wanted these basic needs that are provided by taxes paid to the government, despite having the basic education to read and write these responses and having the perceived security to not be targeted for expressing your opinions. 
Did I tell you to go away or did I suggest that anyone who doesn’t like the rules can feel free to go elsewhere?
This conversation has, predictably, taken a nonpragmatic turn. Your responses suggest that you feel I’m attacking you personally, when they’re intended to disagree with or challenge the argument you’re proposing. Because of these things, and to save us both time, I’m going to choose to walk away from this conversation. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 23:27:45
I agree with several of these, though I think many are unrealistic given the current state of public opinion and unofficial system of global order. It's easy to make a wishlist of things you want in a government, but it's not a useful exercise if they can't realistically be implemented in the present political environment. Efforts should instead be made towards identifying stepping stones to build toward these goals, which will likely take 50+ years.
Also, I unclear on how you're going to achieve it if citizens can't be taxed. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 12:46:03
Follow up questions for a newcomer? Why use the wallet from coinbase.com? Is Bitcoin wallet less secure or just not able to handle multiple currencies? And is the only downside to buying from bitcoin.com the higher fees from simplex?
@_date: 2017-11-21 12:24:55
Could you give supporting reasons why? 
@_date: 2018-03-07 12:42:15
Yep. I'll keep with my super low .04% fee