@_author: shhhhnsfw
@_date: 2019-02-14 06:04:13
Read Adrian Raine’s “Anatomy if violence”. The problem is when you don’t have free will you’re at the disposal of the physical brain. If a part’s not working right then you’re missing what that part provide. 
A life of crime may have been caused by an inability to internalize punishment. No matter how you punish that person they take nothing from it. Another criminal with poor impulse control may understand what they did was bad but be incapable of stoping themselves in the moment. 
It’s not a coincidence hot-blooded criminals are characterized as having damaged/defective prefrontal cortices, what’s responsible for controlling emotions and thinking of consequences, or overactive amygdala, responsible for producing emotions. In either case emotion is able to overpower their rational thought due to physical deficits in the brain not a bad upbringing. 
This can’t be fixed by “simply conditioning” them. We are no where near fixing a broken brain on that level. But even if we were there’s huge ethical issues with messing with someone’s personality. What’s the limit? How much do you fix them? How do you decide who’s bad enough to need it? On some level all of us have issues that might be deemed fixable until we all living in the gray world of “The Giver.”
@_date: 2019-02-15 00:16:26
The in either case point was for the specific group of criminals I was just talking about not all criminals. Nowhere did I imply all criminals. I brought them up specifically to highlight that reconditioning isn’t always possible.
The pattern of previously mild mannered individual getting arrested for assault shortly after head trauma to the forehead can’t be explained by bad upbringing. Neither can identical twin studies where the twins are brought up in separate environments but have similar issues or adopted kids going down extremely different live paths than their adoptive siblings despite similar upbringings or brain tumors leading to drastic changes in personality or many forms of birth defects affecting brain development. None of that means environment isn’t important. There are just times where a good environment isn’t enough. 
Not here to decide proper punishment but locking someone in jail and releasing them without any rehabilitation isn’t solving anything. Of course certain groups are affected by jail but many are not (i.e the hot-blooded criminals not capable of controlling themselves or those unable to learn from punishment). And yes there are treatments that can help some but you can’t teach empathy to a sociopath with an underdeveloped limbic system. They don’t have the machinery for it and we don’t have the understanding to build it for them.
If it were binary there wouldn’t be ethical issues you’d just fix whats broken and leave what’s not. I fail to see how you could have interpreted my statements to suggest a binary situation when I specifically ask questions about “how much do you fix” and “who do you fix” if it were binary those are trivial questions. 