@_author: shhting
@_date: 2014-11-27 10:28:36
Ahh I see, thanks for explaining.
For the record though, I have not, never did, never ask for, never insinuated or requested any "tips" or any freebies or giveaways etc. Infact, quite the opposite. I asked where I can easily and legitimately buy £1 worth of bits to get started, so that I can play about with it, and try to figure it all out.
I get that some will try to get a free tip or something, but when someone just asks for advice and guidance, mocking them surly only makes the community look like some elite/exclusive circlejerk and that can be very unappealing to new users. 
That can't be a good advert for the uptake of Bitcoin, can it? 
Most people In my day to day life don't use Bitcoin and know nothing about it, in fact, the only place I know accepts Bitcoin is.... None! 
No shops in my area advertise it. Do sainsburys or tesco accept it? I don't kmow? Hence I'm here trying to find out.
I only came across this via a documentary "rise and rise of Bitcoin" where this site is mentioned. 
I thought it was very interesting, and wanted to get involved... and got mocked? That's not a good advert for getting more people on board?
Anyway, I still dont really "get it" or how to get started.
I have tried but I'm not entirely sure what to do. So, I'm off to a cashpoint to get some cash and going to buy some stuff in the sales :D I'll pop back in later in they hope that someone has posited a dummies guide to getting started with Bitcoin :)
I'm not wanting anything from anyone! 
In fact I actively discourage that and will point blank refuse anything offered to me from anyone in any way. 
If anyone wants to "tip"? someone, tip someone in need. 
However, if anyone who wants to help me understand the process of how to BUY my first bit coin and be able to use it, spend it, transfer it etc. and help me transition over to using bits for the odd online purchase etc, that is most welcome.
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:16:16
I think changetip is a quick and effective way to engage new users, that is great for Bitcoin. 
Like many things it comes with +&amp;- but overall it has generated a lot of new user activity and it's fun and easy to use. Many users will not use it as their main wallet anyway, so it seems like a win win as long as users are careful with their data (which they should be anyway)
@_date: 2014-11-27 20:33:25
So it looks like you can email them directly to the wallet of choice for free until July 2015 by entering the email address and hitting send. At least that's how it reads to me. 
From here then there is a further question.
Why not leave all bits in side a change tip account and not bother putting them in the wallet? 
Or is it, whatever is in changetip can only be used in changetip and therefore a "wallet" account is required to allow you to use the bits outside of change tip?
I'm assuming that's the case.
It seems great so far. My only concerne is the lack of ability to actually get hold of a bit to play around with. 
By messing around with those bits I have been able to figure out that I need to make changes to my iOS devices to allow communication. That I can send tips to anyone by using the changetip code, and transfer tips to a wallet by entering the email address of the wallet (and selecting the provider) and transferring them out that way. 
That's a much nicer way to learn and understand what's actually going on. 
I think all accounts should come with 0.00001 (or the smallest fraction) of a bit which will allow users to move it about and figure the systems out. 
This bit will then be deducted from their first purchase or addition of further bits. That way it gets added back into the pot but users are then able to open an account, own a fraction of a bit, but pay it back upon first deposit which must be withing a 48 hours or something maybe. I can see there is a flaw in my idea as people could just open millions of accounts and push the bits Into other accounts and get free bits, but I'm sure the crypto guys could figure something out. I'm not that smart but maybe there is a way to do something similar.
If that option had been present, I'd likely not have required rhe additional support, I could have poked around for my self and figured it out as I went along.
I'd like to see a top up card or in app purchase or somethjng that doesn't require me to tie my bank account to a bit account... Or is this already possible. 
The face to face transactions could be potentially dangerous. For example, could you buy bits on Amazon market place. If you went to amazon market place and advertised some bits, and I bought them, could that work or is that no possible either! 
So many questions and I'll keep playing around and update this post as I figure more out. Then I think I will create a dummy's guide for those who feel (or are met) with that barrier to entry. 
@_date: 2014-11-27 16:16:15
I don't want £10 tip? Please donate that to a charity? I just need advice?
If I go to sainsburys I can buy App Store vouchers, Microsoft vouchers, Amazon gift cards etc and can even buy products and services with my cash and can show them my card and ask for money back (cash back). I can go online and go to my online banking and transfer money to my daughter etc... 
But I'm stumped if I know how to buy a bitcoin easily? 
I can go to sainsburys and buy £20 worth of Microsoft points and I don't need an email address, card, phone, name, address, DOB, SSN Etc? I just whip out £20 and walk out... An anonymous purchase, easy, quick, simple. I'm trying to get my head around Bitcoin, but it seems you have to open accounts and give away all your data to a company before you can them? That seems strange! 
To be honest, this seems like a big head ache, it shouldn't be this hard for a new person directed here by the documentary? It seems like a synicle, paranoid group full of people not willing to let "new folks" in? 
While I accept I'm "out of touch" I'll just stick with cash and move along. Cash will be here for the rest of my life time anyway, so it's no big deal. I just thought it would be nice to be a part of something new, learn something new, try something new... 
Boy was I wrong!
I'll go back to my photography groups (CameraRec Toby and Jarrod et ) as I enjoy learning photography, plus the people are always willing to share tips, ideas, advice, guidance and instructions on how to take good photos and create good lighting Etc.. 
I'm not used to such unwarranted hostility, but that could explain why bitcoin gets a lot of negative press and isn't widely accepted or adopted by all? I wonder if the creator intended it to like this or if this is just an example of those who have Bitcoin now acting exactly like those bankers they previously all condemned. 
It's food for thought...
One last question. If Bitcoin is Bitcoin, what a dogecoin etc I see in Google there is more than 1 type of Bitcoin or are those just different named companies who still only use the default Bitcoin but call it something different? 
@_date: 2014-11-27 23:51:32
Ahh so I can view changetip as a wallet which essentially does everything I need it to in the short term while I investigate the other solutions, fantastic. 
I noticed a few errors with the changetip experience, there are some spelling mistakes in the site, the errors were related to the default iOS Safari setup (I had to make a few changes to get it to work without those errors) I can screen dump them (easy to replicate) and send them over to him (thanks for the info on the user) to fix or look into as this may at some point affect other users.
The scratch card is a great idea, hopefully that will become a reality. This would make Bitcoin easily accessible and more acceptable even if I totally it's seen like a voucher for digital transactions, at least it gets people involved and the word spread.
I'm now really interested in seeing how It can be used to benefit others too.
My passion is photography and my friend has just finished film school (she is 45 and looking for her first documentary, she is a director) my mind is going wild at the moment with ideas of how I can use bitcoin for my own family effectively, how it can help others, and what can be done to really gain exposure to show just how much more efficient this is and how powerful a tool it can be in changing lives.. 
I probably just need to sleep and lay of the coffee as I've been Playing with all these new services most of today, so haven't thought of much else. 
But I think there must be millons of people like me, in my position. Not completely out of touch, but just not exposed to it. It could be really Interesting viewing this technology from a different angle that might alow the transfer of knowledge to others, If that makes sense :)
This is all very interesting indeed and I'm enjoying playing around with the services and learning all about what it can do, and what can be done. 
The fact that people can be instantly supported at a moments notice is life changing... The possibilities are endless, lives could be saved, literally. I wonder if we could document ways in which bitcoin has changed/saved lives that cash couldn't have done? Not discussing it's value, or the technology, but real life examples that people can emotionally invested in.
I read about a guy who paid for his dad's chemo from Bitcoin, and someone who was unable to get to a cash point and was sent bits from a friend instantly that they used at that moment... Also, people who are out of work are doing small jobs for micro transactions and being able to live and get by, donations for those in need etc... 
If my friend documents this (if these people allow it) and It is elegantly, and elaquantly portrayed in a short film or documentary, people will be able to attach/relate those circumstances to their own in an easily digestible manner. While I enjoed the documentary, it was more focused on law, technology, value. But if a short is made demonstrating what I can do, that could be really interesting. I remember watching how to die in Oregon and for the first time in years feeling a severe hatred toward the law makers of the land for allowing people to suffer. The end of that documentary was inspiring and yet completely distressing and heartwrenching. But it changed my opinion on so any things, politics, government, law makers, private health care etc.. But if the film had been approached in a clinical manner, I don't think it would have had the same effect or even interested me into watching it.
I really should sleep :) 
Clearly I'm far to excited ...
@_date: 2014-11-27 23:54:00
Re: coinbase in app purchase comment, I was thinking instead of giving coinbase my details, why Can't I just buy bits via an in app purchase (Apple style) 
Buy 0.1 bit etc directly via apples in app purchase mechanism built direct,y into the coinbase app? I can buy greetings cards etc via in app purchase etc so why not bits?
@_date: 2014-12-17 22:35:07
 
I may have misunderstood here, but I think the OP is opposing the registering of the "bitcoin" because if they (the new trademark filers) succeed, they (the new trademark holders) could then go on to block/oppose anyone who is using the term "bitcoin" moving forward.
Much like xbmc recently changed to kodi and thus blocked all use of the "kodi" trademark on any (related) website/blog. It's now forbidden to use the name "kodi" for a site such as "kodi apps" etc ... They really tightened the usage/restrictions of their trademark even for fan sites or blogs.
This would mean that if the "bitcoin" claim was successful, technically they (the new trademark holders) could then state that "mili bitcoin" (and anything with bitcoin in the title) is in breach of "their" trademark rights... Which would lead to a bit of a mess really and likely a settlement for its use. 
at least that's my take on the situation :)
@_date: 2014-12-18 23:19:21
Ohh dear! Ive embarrassed myself...
I haven't checked all the Bitcoin subredits yet, but I can assure you I'll check there now ... 
Oops :)
@_date: 2014-11-28 23:01:57
The best thing about Bitcoin is:
That our generation will bearly scratch the surface of bitcoins possibilities, we will likely only witness a tiny proportation of the myriad of possibilities that Bitcoin will create.
Meaning ... one day, when we are all old and grey, lying on our death beds, reflecting on our lives... our children will sit by our beds and figuratively "blow our minds" with the stories of what they have all created/implemented and been able to achieve because of bitcoin.
I'm not wishing my life away by any means, but I am really excited and looking froward to hearing those stories from my children :)
@_date: 2014-11-27 09:11:21
If I knew how to get badges and or karma I'd do it... I may need another eli5 on that later. I'm not after tips or give always etc. I just watched the documentary on Bitcoin and came to join the revolution, but I don't really know or understand how to get started and set my self up with Bits :)
@_date: 2014-11-27 20:14:06
Ok, that was not easy?
Here's what has Happened so far. I tried to add the tip to figure out how to use system (I'll tip it right back to you after this to prove I'm not here for handouts)
But here's the upshot.
I was receiving an error "CSRF" when trying to connect the accounts together. It wouldn't link and kept returning an error or forbidden page? Interesting. So I checked my browser, and tried a different browser.. Same again? 
So I googled the error and it appears that this is related to browser settings. Now I'm currently on an iOS device which doesn't really have that many settings to configure so I made a few changes to the security and cookie settings and that now worked. 
So I have a reddit profile linked to a change tip profile, which will kind of allow me to add bits to my kids accounts via the same method? Correct?
However, how do you get your bits from a change tip account to a wallet? I'm still in there trying to figure that out at the moment? Once done I think I will take all my notes and write a dummy guide and also see how users can purchase bits easily.
For example. Could coinbase add an "in app purchase" and allow users to buy bits? 
I like the idea of scratch cards, could coinbase offer a scratch add (like App Store) and allow users to buy bits that way? I'm going to investigate the easiest way to purchase bits without having to faff about with a bank account. As it seems to me, at the moment, it's difficult to get bits without having a physical bank account... At least that is my experience.
I'll continue on and post back more info momentarily.
@_date: 2014-11-27 16:01:43
 I don't know where to begin?
Circlejerk is not reddit lingo? eli5 is... But that's in the front page?
Also, I never said I had not read a post on reddit previously, I said it was mentioned on the documentary as a good place for bitcoin discussion/advice/knowledge. 
I have NEVER asked anyone for any free Bitcoin? Where did that come from? 
I don't want free Bitcoin, I don't need free Bitcoin, I never asked for free Bitcoin, I tried to communicate with the knowledgeable people who use Bitcoin but got blocked by people being dangerously paranoid saying "we don't give out freebies" to  someone who HAS NEVER ASKED for freebies.
As for editing a post?
When you press the edit button it says under a big blue title "formatting help" then it says type star star text star star for bold! I originally pressed edit to fix my autocorrect errors? That's normal surly?
I originally and if someone goes back and checked, actually edited the post and it looked like this [b] EDIT [/b] and it didn't work. So I clicked the format button and read the instructions.. My post then looked like this:
**bold** EDIT
Because I thought typing the star star bold star star would bold everything on that line.
Then I corrected my mistakes and it looks ok. I am not an idiot, but I am clueless as to Bitcoin. But to be fair, I'm happy to let it go as a passing thought.
I watched a documentary, I was enthralled and interested, visited the recommended site, got mocked, got accused of asking for free Bitcoin when I have NEVER requested anything but advice and been met with a wall of obsurd behaviour. 
Maybe Bitcoin is not for me, It's easier to use cash, more places use cash, my bank are always happy to give me advice on how to use new systems like cards, online banking, Apple pay etc and overall and very eager to get me to use the new facilities. I suppose if bitcoin is not welcomimg for those who aren't completely clued up, it's not a place for me to be. 
But good luck with that approach, it's ballsy :)
Not sure if many will take to it, but I suppose if that's the way Bitcoin society is, I'll stick with the bankers, they may be arseholes, but at least they let me play with their toys :)
@_date: 2014-11-28 22:18:58
Yea, I hear ha :)
My family are all into their tech and really enjoy learning or playing with new technology which is useful (well, I think they prentend to be a little more interested than they actually are to keep me happy) :)
today for example, I was demonstrating bitcoin to my daughter (we were out shopping for the holidays) and demonstrated (as an example, not in real time as no where accepts it) the process to her and how easy it would be to make transactions World wide etc and how it holds its value no matte rehire you are located... She is nearly 10 and very eager to have her own bits now, she likes the idea and concept :)
My wife puts up with a a lot, she gets a little annoyed with my photography hobby as I do ask a lot of her (I will post a picture if you like of something I made her do on a freezing cold day, around 0 degrees at 5pm by the sea)
It was quite the task as I asked her to walk out (on to a causeway ledge) and sit there for 10 minutes with no coat on. To be fair, if she asked me to do that, I'd have said no chance :)
I do sometimes feel sorry for her having to deal with me and my interests. But this has really taken hold of me. I'm very interested and will investigate, read up, play with the tools and learn how to use them all etc and will also speak to my friend to she if she would be Interested in creating a shot documentary about the people of Bitcoin and not bitcoin its self. As mentioned earlier, the documentary (rise and rise) was good, but it was very technical and focused on the IT side heavily. I'd like to see stories about how people lives have been changed, how they have been able to achieve things they might not have otherwise been able to achieve. 
The documentary "how to die in Oregon" could have been a bleak boring documentary about the laws of euthanasia. To most they would have likely passed it by thinking it Was a political documentary of protesters etc that most people probably don't want to get invested in on a Friday night. But that film hit me so had, it was not what I expected, it broke my heart, ground my to tears, made me look at my family in a different light and made me confused why we as a people allow random rich/elite to make up arbitrary rules they we have to follow and are punished if we don't... Even if the mass majority didn't vote for these rules/laws or agree with them? 
Watching the rise and rise, I got a similar feeling, but with less of an emotional effect. I like to see people explain and watch a documentry on how Bitcoin saved their father for 6 months, allowed children to be educated, lives to be saved and those in need to be saved/helped. 
This would be an emotionally positive move that could really get people onside instead of them hearing Bitcoin and thinking... Drugs, criminals, hackers?... Perhaps not, maybe I am completely wrong. But even if I am, we as a community would still be here and it would do us no harm in the process. For me that's a win win :)
@_date: 2014-12-17 20:37:56
I'm just beginning this excitng Bitcoin ride, while many of you are going round for the nth time. 
It's such an exciting time for everyone, and I think 2015 will inded be the "the year of the Bitcoin."
The fact that it has infiltrated my family is testament to that :)
For example, I only just figured out how to correctly tip someone this afternoon :)
It was only a tiny tiny tiny fraction (to ensure I did it all correctly) but I can assure you this will soon become my payment method of choice, and I know that my family and friends will likely transfer over too (especially the kids) I'm looking forward to 2015, it's going to be a a dream for technology.
New exciting payment methods: Bitcoin
New exciting technology: Virtual Reality
I can't wait :)
@_date: 2014-11-28 22:29:08
This is a great, I think I will actually give my first "bits" to my daughter for Xmas using this method. I did see on the documentary that actual "coins" can be made too which is quite novel. 
Really great concept, and I hope many support this :)
@_date: 2014-11-27 21:52:55
That's interesting, I'll check out cold storage (his music is very good) :) and the other services mentioned. Which offline storage would you put in the top few to try first in terms of experience. 
It seems that coinbase require you full legal name and details Etc before you can use the account. I don't like that idea, particularly as I may not be a big user and therefore don't feel the they need all that info (particularly if I am just testing the service) if I test 5 services and have to give them all my name, address, email Etc that's a lot of data to give out for no real reason. I'll try circle next. (I'll email coinbase about the spelling mistake on their site too) :)
So the next question is... Will changetip allow you to pay for services in the future? 
If so that would be a very nice way to perform a transaction. That would be relatively seemless and as anonymous as a cash transaction for all intents and purpose. 
So, next question. Other than buying from localbits and buying person to person. Do shops that accept Bitcoin allow you to buy Bitcoin? Is that a thing? Is it possible to walk into a shop, pay cash, and scan some bits? Like "topping up" a prepaid credit card or phone etc? 
@_date: 2014-12-17 21:25:35
That's a good point.. 
Plus, let's say that a genuine event occurs (natural disaster for example) would they rather have millions donating something (even a few bits) when usually those people may not have donated at all (due to difficult financial circumstances for example)
I find that with it being so easy, and such a small amount, we can give small amounts per person, surly that's good.
I admit that I did not donate to every natural disaster around the world prior to Bitcoin, but I can say for sure, that If there is a serious issue that needs the peoples help, a new political party, a recovery from a disaster etc I will give a few bits toward that cause, and I'm pretty sure many others will too :)
@_date: 2014-11-28 22:44:44
As someone who finds it difficult to get to the theatre (kids, work, getting on a bit, it's cold outside etc) :) I'd love to be able to pay to watch a showing of a movie that is currently in the cinema, but have it webcast directly to my house as it airs in the cinema (you buy a showing) that would be fantastic! 
I like where this could be heading :)
@_date: 2014-11-27 20:54:18
Coinbase is out as I can't transfer bits into coinbase without providing them with my full details? I find this absurd as I don't like giving personal data to 3rd parties unnecessarily.
I am happy to provide them with info should I wish to buy some bits, but if I just wish to store them for now (while I figure this all out) it's ssems bizarre for me to legally have to provide them with my name, address etc?
So is there a wallet that can be set up that requires only an email and not my full name and adress etc?
I'll keep looking but if anyone answers in the mean time, great :)
@_date: 2014-11-27 17:24:21
It's not necessarily you who has been hostile but the entire process. Your posts have been ok to a degree. But if you look at my overall experience... It's not been welcoming.
Put yourself in my shoes, if you walked into an Apple Store and asked how iTunes worked and got those responses, would you move to android... Probably :)
Being mocked, told that I was not getting "tips" when I never even asked for "tips" because I didn't even know what they were and people saying I'm a "bot" a "scammer" etc all because I asked how I could purchase £1 worth of Bitcoin was strange and slightly upsetting? I felt disliked for trying to join in?
I never expected that type of response, I thought this would be a welcoming group like displayed in the film. In the film, everyone was bring friendly, supportive, much like a utopian society where people traded freely (when they were at the festival selling food etc) it was great.
I was extremely taken by it, and wanted to join. But my experience has not been a pleasant one :(
I appreciate the "tip" (if that's what the above post is) but as I tried to explain, I don't need a tip. I just needed the community or someone in it to welcome a new member and make me want to use Bitcoin, not make me feel unwelcome or unwanted?
It's a shame because I walked away from the film feeling enlightened...
Then I came here and got mocked, made to feel stupid, called a scammer and a bot? And if you look at my posts you will see, all I wanted was to buy £1 worth of Bitcoin so I could then learn how it works, and set my kids up with a little Bitcoin account too. I just wanted to understand it all and contribute.
I sincerely appreciate the offer, I sincerely appreciate that you must get many visitors here who are unwanted. But treating all new parties who are interested in supporting and joining the community won't help it grow... In fact, it will likely be a reason that contributes toward its demise. If this was my first meeting with Bitcoin, I dread to think how many others don't even get this far. 
I'm not a silly old man, I am quite knowledgable with certain things. But I just didn't understand how this all worked and wanted a friend to help me figure it all out. 
I apologise if I didn't research enough before I arrived, and I apologise for not understanding... But I tried, and I wanted to, it seems that for some reason, I was met with friction and resistance when I arrived here.
Thanks for your responses though, I feel like I'm finally communicating with someone who is more representative of what I believed the Bitcoin community to be like.
@_date: 2014-11-27 18:47:49
More questions for you :)
Who are the best Wallet services in your opinion? 
I set up coinbase earlier (based on the others posters response) but after reading online there appears to be lots to choose from all with varying levels of security, privacy and rights/protection for the user? Who do you trust and recommend? 
Additionally. Changetip... are they good? 
I just checked their website on the link provided and they have a spelling mistake right on the front page? They might want to fix that :)
From my understanding, you can send bits to any reddit users this way, as long as the reddit account is linked to the changetip site which in turn holds your coinbase email address? Is that right or have I misunderstood how that fundamentally functions?
Also, I read the news sites provided from change tips site and it seems the government are pushing for a digital online ID which will be linked to Bitcoin accounts? 
If they get this ruling pushed through, won't that essentially mean we could end up with a "one world currency" legislated by the government? Isn't that what Bitcoin was actively trying to avoid (and quite rightly so)?
Sorry for all the questions.
@_date: 2014-11-28 22:22:43
Which is a real shame, as this would get it into the hands of millions. I wonder if there is a way around it? Because it surly can be "that" different from purchasing "coins" in side of subway surfers etc? I'd love to see someone implament that. It would be incredible :)
Even if you have no Bitcoin, you could open the app, use the in app purchase and then send them to a friend or child who needed it Etc without any real inconvenience.
It's a pipe dream, but that would be wonderful to use. But as you quite rightly say, Apple pay would be affected by this. So we will very likely never see such a simple method of getting bits :(
@_date: 2014-11-28 22:35:51
Thank you, as a new member here I am very interested in learning as much as possible from decent sources, so will go those these over the coming days.
Thanks for taking the time to post these :)
@_date: 2014-11-27 09:07:36
I'll happily buy more, just trying to get started and understand the process. Once I understand I'll transition over in a much larger way.
@_date: 2014-11-27 09:15:48
What did he write, its deleted now :(
I assume he was mocking me ;)
I'm trying to figure it out though, that's a good start, right?
Sorry I don't understand, but I guess I'm not the only one ... But at least I'm trying to understand it all. 
I can take a few rib tickles on the way while I try to figure this all out, but I suppose the important part is that I've taken the first step away from paper toward bits.
I'm just really interested after watching a documentary and will set up my kids with wallets etc too if I can. I expect a little mocking for being such a dumbass, but i'm trying :(