@_author: shigga
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:47:16
Nope you are wrong - look at the published time - 8:01AM vs 10:23AM. The cached article IS the earliest post that I've found which quickly accumulated 213 reposts and 73 comments.
@_date: 2014-03-29 17:55:07
The link mentioned here was 2 hours earlier than Caixin. Widely misreported fact that Caixin was the first.
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:50:08
The original source that sparked a nuclear chain reaction has been deleted this morning.  Corruption anyone?
@_date: 2014-03-28 00:56:07
The original source that sparked a reaction has been deleted, reeks of corruption: 
@_date: 2014-03-31 06:31:26
Bitcoin is a decade-long investment.
@_date: 2014-04-10 03:12:04
15th April is turning out to be true.
@_date: 2014-04-11 03:01:18
Bing Translate:
OKCoin halts China Merchants Bank card business and its plans for bulletin
Dear OKcoin users:
Today around 10:35 A.M., West Branch of China Merchants Bank exactly informed OKCoin: upon the request of superior operation Management Department, China Merchants Bank will suspend the deposit business services for OKCoin. Subsequently, the OKCoin management after repeated communication with the Bank, we immediately issued this statement.
Communicate with the bank details are as follows:
1. higher authorities informed West Branch of China Merchants Bank, calling for the suspension of OKCoin in West Branch bank deposit (prepaid) business operations and stopping the deposit deadline is April 14.
2. notice oral notice, branch has not received any written document.
Suspended on bank card details:
OKCoin will be held next Monday (April 14) to stop using the flag of West Branch of China Merchants Bank account recharge, not affected by other banks, all normal users to withdraw cash, new OKCoin will be released for the first time.
Often behind bad news is good news:
While policy adjustments on domestic bitcoin market has a certain influence, OKCoin as coins trust investors and professional trading platform, we have been proactive in preparation of various types of emergency response plan, to protect the interests of investors are not affected as much as possible. For the Central Bank's policy adjustments, we have decided to adopt the following plan:
1. formally launched a new prepaid recharge--OKCoin recharge codes business.
Recharge for the convenience of our customers and withdraw cash, OKCoin will shut down the bank deposit business at the same time to launch prepaid code function, users can withdraw RMB recharge codes, the recharge code is then transferred to other OKCoin users to recharge. Users readily available prepaid code 0 handling fee, recharging using a recharge 0 handling fee. OK recharge codes can be traded freely between users of OKCoin flow charging, withdraw cash quickly arrived.
Recharge codes are divided into a and b above, paragraph a is mainly used for users to access recharge code validity and stockpiled amounts, for recharging b paragraph. Only to have both a and b can result is successful. RMB cash withdrawal to recharge code also generates a, b two-stage recharge codes.
2. OKCoin station aims to provide our domestic coins provide investors with overseas trading platform is more stable, more secure investment environment. So stay tuned.
OKCoin station aims to provide our domestic coins provide investors with overseas trading platform is more stable, more secure investment environment, is associated with existing internal Web site based on, for the majority of the bitcoin provides a thoughtful, sophisticated, safe overseas services for new trading platform.
Overseas station construction is being carried out, will soon meet with the majority of users. Related services on overseas stations and user tutorials, website online, we will provide to you.
Finally, once again, long-term support us, care for us, and we grow together thanks friends road, we firmly believe that this fluctuation does not make a policy China bitcoins in decline, but the uneven bitcoin transactions platform to develop a test, your trust, and OKCoin today! Also hope that we can continue to go hand in hand, create Chinese bit of financial myth! Granny proved to the world that China is not only a gold bar, there are firm BT Gao Fushuai! OKCoin all the time!
OKCoin operations
In 2014/04/11
@_date: 2014-04-10 04:46:14
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China advised Huobi that their account will need to shut down by the 18th of April.
Bing Translate:
On fire will suspend the bank card services money network announcements
Time: 2014-04-10 12:33:08 source: coin of fire NET
Distinguished fire coin network users:
Fire latest currency information:
Zhongguancun branch of ICBC account managers informed today around 10 o'clock in the morning, received a notice from superior operational management Department, calls for an end to the Bank servicing of fire dollars net, finished in April 18 fire-coin network bank account pins.
10:30 A.M., fire-coin network partner arrived at the Zhongguancun branch of ICBC, account manager communicate face to face with the branch information.
Is as follows:
1) parent ICBC informed does to stop fire dollars net in Zhongguancun branch of ICBC's account, the deadline to April 18;
2) notice oral notice, branch has not received any written document;
3) asked why other rows without notice, replied that there is different interpretation of policy banks is different, sensitivity is not the same;
4) asked if any leeway, replied: no, because is a parent notification, not discussed;
5) asked about how to handle the user's subsequent capital management, said some funds can be transferred to other commercial banks, ICBC is certainly not it.
Among them, also to ask account manager for bitcoin policies as well as other related issues, but are personal views do not represent the Bank's position does not direct business relationships with the coin of fire network, not one by one in this notice explains.
At 12 o'clock in the morning, and back to the announcements made by the company. Before the announcement, the information was not disclosed in advance to any user or organization, the majority of users monitoring.
Fire-currency network by next Monday (April 14) stop using Zhongguancun branch of ICBC accounts prepaid and cash (user bank account are not affected, we will use other banks to transfer funds to your bank account), so far other Bank is not affected for the time being, fire-news-coin network will be released for the first time.
Fire-coin network operations
In 2014/04/10
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:40:31
They're trying to stash the 670k BTC that they found under the pizza box.
@_date: 2014-03-31 11:03:15
BTC China, Huobi and OKCoin have already broken numerous regulations set by PBOC. There is no honesty in Chinese business.