@_author: shiggidyd
@_date: 2017-11-20 06:45:40
While technically and theoretically correct, it's likelihood diminishes daily. I believe generalized statements like this are typically used to in mainstream media to keep simpletons out of this sector. 
Advice is only good if it contains value, and to contain value in this case, it should be quantified.
Logically speaking, there's only two outcomes for bitcoin:
1) it's worth plummets to zero
2) it's worth something above zero
If you understand that bitcoin has had about 9 years to plummet to zero and still has not, the likelihood is that it won't ever be worth zero. Remember there were way more volatile periods than as of right now in Bitcoin's history, and if it were to crash to zero, chances are it would have done so already.
You need to remember, that there are plenty of people who would gladly jump at buying bitcoin at 1k per coin, even 5k per coin. These values are considered cheap in the big scheme of things. That's part of the reason, that the chances of "everyone simultaneously valuing bitcoin at zero" is so insignificant, it's hardly worth mentioning as a possible scenario.
I'm not saying the current value is correct and that there won't be a pullback in any near future, but if you're not planning on selling any time soon then it's safe to say long term, chances are your investment will go up. 
@_date: 2017-11-20 12:47:12
I think you missed my point.
I'm not saying that it won't crash down to 300. I actually think an investor who values "earning life changing amounts of money" could potentially invest 80% or greater into Bitcoin. It is really dependent upon their life circumstances.
If you were earning 100k profit per month from a business. Is there an issue with investing 80k into Bitcoin? If you have a steady income stream why not invest more than 10%? Obviously keeping it in fiat isn't going to do you much good.
@_date: 2019-05-17 20:45:49
Miners are building the blocks and submitting the hash that includes transactions that they picked from the memory pool... So no you can't see it until it's solved and a hash that is under the set difficulty level is found. 
You can view blocks as they are found on blockchain.info
But you can't watch as they are built because miners are trying thousands of combinations per second.