@_author: shiinee
@_date: 2014-03-28 18:41:02
Aha. I actually don't have my transactions in Ledger yet - I just downloaded the CSV from Coinbase, and was going to write a script to create entries in ledger's format from the rows. But if the process requires a script and a spreadsheet anyway, I might as well just produce the result in the format I want to begin with... aiming to minimize the manual work required since I have a lot of transactions.
@_date: 2014-05-25 07:40:42
Japanese pens are my other guilty pleasure! Super excited about this serendipitous confluence of my hobbies. 
Unfortunately I'm not sure if my order went through - after completing the coinbase payment flow I'm seeing an error page. EDIT: Order confirmation email arrived, kuru toga pencil about to be mine. Still might want to look into the bug though!
@_date: 2014-05-25 18:31:11
It looked to me like the redirect from coinbase back to tokyopenshop was the problem. I got a tokyopenshop "not found" page with only a search box. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 05:55:29
What ledger query did you run to get the losses/gains in a helpful format?
@_date: 2014-04-30 08:31:27
Nope. It was a much better experience than the RoboCoin ATM I used at the conference in Austin, which insisted on taking my picture with a little camera above the screen. Unfortunately I'm super fucking short and couldn't get my face into the picture, so the machine wouldn't approve me. They had to go get the RoboCoin rep to manually whitelist me so I could get my btc. ;_; 
@_date: 2012-03-15 23:25:12
most articulate "NO U" I have ever read
@_date: 2012-03-15 23:23:39




Like riseupnet, I'm with you up until the point where you say I can buy and sell bitcoins. The punchline is in the first sentence -- "Bitcoin is money" -- so why would I buy and sell money? Money is the medium I use to buy and sell other things. I'd cut out the 'and' clause and save it for a later section on how one acquires bitcoins.






The business card metaphor is confusing for a couple of reasons:
Foremost, it's not entirely clear that the business cards serve as a metaphor at all. Because they're in quote marks and they show up before the term "address", I'm thinking that "business card" rather than "address" is the phrase to remember. After you start calling the business cards addresses, you then start referring to account numbers, and by this point I'm not even sure which word I'm trying to understand.
Possibly in the interest of simplicity, you sell your own comparison short, by neglecting to explain in what sense bitcoin addresses are like business cards. When you identified bitcoin as money, you explained how bitcoins perform the same function as dollars, but here you skip over equating the function of addresses to that of business cards. The business card is useful as a metaphor because it is a well understood instance of storing your own contact information in your wallet in order that you can give it to other people. 
So, with these points in mind:
"The farmer gives you a *bitcoin address*, which he keeps in his wallet like a business card. You send 1 bitcoin from your wallet to his address."


I like how all the sentences describing this transaction are detailing actions you and the farmer take, and finally the result of the exchange. It feels very concrete, which I have never seen before in an introduction to bitcoin.


You may want to create an additional section later on for the person who reads this and starts wondering if it's okay for that person to know her address just so he can pay her in bitcoins.














This section is a little bit disorganized and introduces a few too many new concepts at once. Now my wallet is in my phone which takes pictures and pays people? And it's also an application on my computer? Then I've got several wallets and I can send my own money to my other wallet online? Jesus H. Christ in a chicken basket!
Maybe you could reorganize it around what items or media the buyer has access to at the time:
"There are many ways you can pay for your banana using bitcoins:
* *With your smartphone*: If you have an iPhone, Android, or Blackberry, you can use an app on your phone as a bitcoin wallet. The farmer will show you a barcode, and you take a picture of it with your phone. Then you type in the number of bitcoins to send, and tap 'Send'.
* *With a program on your computer*: There is a free program that saves your bitcoin wallet on your computer. If you are shopping online, you can open the Bitcoin program and enter the seller's address. Then type in the number of bitcoins to send, and click 'Send'.
* *On a web site*: If you don't have your computer with you, you can log in to a web site that keeps your bitcoins stored in an online wallet. There will be a form on the website where you can enter the seller's address and the number of bitcoins to send.
* *Using physical coins*: There are also physical bitcoins you can hand to another person, just like cash.
All of these choices are faster than opening the register and etc."
@_date: 2012-07-02 00:58:29
I just registered a domain name through Bitronic a few days ago. Their registration system emailed me my password in plaintext. I'm not impressed, but the rep I spoke to says he's working on fixing it.
@_date: 2013-01-29 16:36:29
Thank you! 
@_date: 2013-01-30 01:21:45
You can't edit it in place, but you can make your changes, then click "perma-link" at the bottom left to generate the new link to your edited version. Thanks for the tip!
@_date: 2013-02-28 03:20:10
Thanks for the info! Having read the blog post I am pretty unimpressed with their fraud detection algorithm. Hopefully they will respond favorably to my support ticket...
@_date: 2013-01-29 16:36:45
Thank you! 