@_author: shinaj
@_date: 2014-01-28 23:33:24
This is certainly an accurate statement. The main difference between dollars and Bitcoins is that the latter is accounted for, by everyone in the network. Dollars can be printed and disappear into the unknown, in huge amounts. Huge amounts of Bitcoin moving from wallet to wallet will always be noticed, by everyone. Bitcoin may allow enough anonymity that a lot of small time criminals can use it to their advantage, but it is utterly useless in major criminal enterprise. It doesn't take much of an investigator to track billions of dollars to an individual trade and with a little leg work, they will find the criminal. This is not the case with dollars, they are protected by hidden processes and are therefore impossible for the general public to track and raise questions. Bitcoin may allow a some small crimes to take place, although law enforcement seems to be doing a fine job of conducting productive investigations into those activities. What it does not allow is huge sums of money to change hands, unnoticed. It is essentially useless as a currency, when dealing with the kind of money drug cartels and major gangsters need to move around, without drawing attention to the transaction. I find it disturbing that there seems to be a major, dishonest campaign going on in the media in regard to what Bitcoin is and how it functions. It seems to me that the transparent nature of the Blockchain would be one of the most effective tools ever to be presented to law enforcement, when applied to investigations of major criminal enterprise. It's as close to a road map to the criminals as these agencies are ever likely to get. Why is no one talking about this aspect of the Blockchain? Bitcoin offers opportunity to the little guy, not just criminals but anyone who has a product or service to offer. I think that scares the Hell out of the old guard, who have been running the money game for so long they thought it would last forever. They may have their lapdog journalists, printing inaccuracies on their behalf. They may have politicians in their pockets, ready to outlaw the idea of free trade among the masses. I don't think it's going to do them any good. This is a brilliantly designed P2P system of accounting, and no matter how much misinformation and fear mongering they throw at it, it will survive and thrive. 