@_author: shinji16
@_date: 2014-03-17 19:51:38
Another Ingress player here. There are actually anti-spoofing countermeasures that not one but several local groups have managed to create and test that would be simple to implement, but for some reason Niantic (company inside Google that runs Ingress) hasn't done them. The following is heavily paraphrased: the most popular method discussed is one that uses not only GPS but also 1-2 other satellites that have publicly accessible location data. By having the game client ping them, it creates unique logs that are easy to verify that are very difficult and expensive to generate falsely. It's reminds me of a location oriented 2FA.
EDIT: Found the source. [Quoting from the discussion on this page](
"using GPS signals and gps satellite data could be a first effective measure: 
There are several check-up points:
- azimuth and Satellite code: if I am in Southern Europe, I could "see" at 4pm a number of X GPS satellites, all having their own code. This is the most simple way
- pseudo random codes that are already fed within GPS signals. Faking these is costly and will exceed the scope of any spoofer.
GPS signals from EACH satellite are full of check-up codes.
Curent spoofing tehniques push the fake coordinates at OS level, but there is no data stream from the GPS chipset/Satellite.
We have built a proof of concept locally and it was not very complicated.
The only downside - you would play having at least one satellite visible.﻿
Of course everything can be faked; money can be faked. But making faking so costly as it exceeds the benefit of the action is the proper way to go"
@_date: 2014-03-18 01:02:03
True, but do you think it would be profitable enough to support the costs? I'm not sure what other markets/subcultures would make such a service viably profitable. Seriously asking.
@_date: 2014-01-17 15:38:19
Augmented = using a screen to interact with objects in a 3D space. Think of the QR code things you use on a Vita or 3DS.
Alternate = Uses real life as the playfield, I.e. game characters are presented as real life people (often actors with working phone/email). No clear rules/win condition. Often use the phrase "This is not a game".
@_date: 2013-11-14 23:29:54
You might want to watch this then. Zen Magnets &gt; Buckyballs 
