@_author: shingchui
@_date: 2019-04-26 01:41:27
Tether is one of the major stable coins that is paired with BTC and has a considerably large volume. The problem occurs mainly with USDT being truely backed by fiat. There has been a lot of rumours that the stable coin is not truely backed by fiat but other forms of assets and there is no regulation or proper auditing of the stable coin pairing with the USD. Hence if the stable coin tether has been artificially pumped then the value of BTC is also artificial and hence a lot of individuals are shorting BTC due to this rumour. The basis of the stable coin is a zero sum gain but with no regulation, the price of tether can be printed. 
BTC correlates directly with tether. During this bear market cycle bitfinex have been accused of laundering funds to cover up large losses, specifically tether, and have not disclosed this movement of funds to investors on their exchange and hence has a false volume backed to BTC.
@_date: 2019-04-26 22:48:45
OP, could not have said this better. I would like to add on to this;
Diversification does have its benefits in trading, especially swing trading at low volumes. Alt coins tend to have a bigger growths compared to BTC however as per above all these coins correlate strongly with BTC’s growth also. I myself use alt coins to get more BTC and ETH in the end result and I have found this method to be extraordinarily useful. Trade at your own risk.
If you are diversifying your portfolio, you will need to do some research into alt coins eg. Maybe the top 10 or 20. Do not simply just put money into these coins because someone said so. You are responsible for your investments.
@_date: 2019-04-26 22:24:54
Yes that is also a true statement but overall this news of tether is just a form of FUD which ultimately just causes day traders like myself to just short to alternative coins such as you said other stable coins and BNB.
@_date: 2019-04-26 22:27:58
Ultimately their shit coin is not audited, and the problem lies within that. Thank you for letting me know.