@_author: shirmpy890
@_date: 2014-05-08 19:41:44
Twobit, I disgaree with you on Neville speaking "fluently about the economic theory of money". I am getting a bit tired of all these people who don't understand general finance trying to act as experts. What is worse is people trying to ride of the 2008 crash about "how banks are bad". 
While what happened about banks getting bailed out was not correct for the main street.  But it was about derivatives, CDOs and general breakdown of "Glass–Steagall" act (the act prevented banks from involving in securities, which lead to all this mess). It wasn't fractional reserve banking. 
Fractional reserve has worked for many years and for many countries. So not sure what point Sean Neville was trying to make. 
That said, here are some excerpts: 
1. The 100 - 20 dollar example: There is a gaping hole in Sean Neville's understanding of fractional reserve; it is called "cash reserve ratio". 
To quote from wiki:
"The reserve requirement (or cash reserve ratio) is a central bank regulation employed by most, but not all, of the world's central banks, that sets the minimum fraction of customer deposits and notes that each commercial bank must hold as reserves (rather than lend out). These required reserves are normally in the form of cash stored physically in a bank vault (vault cash) or deposits made with a central bank."
What does it mean in layman terms? If he has got 20, he cant loan out 100 --&gt; that will be insane thing to do. NO ONE, again, NO ONE can create money out of thin air. The banks are required to hold a percent of the 20 bucks, say 1%, and loan only the remaining out. In the 1% case, it will be 19.8
So, the whole take 100, give 100 which he quotes as a "good" example is the worst thing one can do. In that case no one gets anything if things go pear shaped. 
Here's the Fed page on reserve requirements:
Any bank with over 89 million requires 10% to be held up with the Fed to guarantee against the banks failure. And that is the true meaning of "fractional banking" ie banks can hold and do business on a "fraction" of their deposits. Not that they can create money from thin air. 
Lack of understanding of "fractional reserve" all across the crypto currency space is just amazing.
2. So what is backstopping these banks? "Recent history has shown its the government". Did he wake from a slumber recently? This has been the case throughout history since the day Fed has existed. This dint appear out of the blue in 2008. 
3. Lot of anger from people. What about exactly? Fractional banking system? I hope he watches some of the excellent documentaries on 2008 crisis. He should pick up "Inside Job" a personal recommendation. What banks did by giving out high percentage unsecured loans, securitizing the loans and selling it off to people in form of derivatives was insanely criminal. That has nothing to do with how classic banking works. He is just confusing the two. 
3. Comments on how "money is not created by central banks (that was the biggest HUH??!! moment for me)
4. ACH transfers and reconcile of the missing money - Now here's the fun part, a bank reconciles the money everyday. Yep it does. The money never goes "missing" in reconciliation. Banks know exactly where the money went. Its just that like bitcoins, once the money has been transferred and fraud perpetrated, there is no way to get the money back. But I guess "missing" is the trendy word in bitcoin, mt.gox "missing" their bitcoins. If bitcoins can only be created but not destroyed, how is it even "missing"? Its just that the bitcoins are in an address where Mt.gox can't recover from. OR if they really cant find the address, then their audit trail system sucked balls. 
I am also a bit surprised with the bitcoin vs internet comparison. Now what I personally feel is its not about "bitcoin", rather crytocurrency as a whole. So an apt comparison will be Netscape vs bitcoin. We are now in a 98/99 phase where we feel there is never going to be anything better than Netscape (or bitcoin). That might not be true 10 yrs down the line.
I just hope he hires a good economists (or hires me :P) before going through with circle.