@_author: shiskabobb3r
@_date: 2014-02-25 01:42:17
I never said anything about "dissolving national governments". I said, and I quote: *To the degree* you have a CENTRAL government monopoly, you have communism.
Decentralized governance and law will offer such a superior benefit to centralized governance and law that average people will no longer give a FUCK about the two-party system. Centralized systems will be irrelevant.
There will be no "precipitous event" or "government overthrow", as forecasted by conspiracy theorists. Instead, western economies will continue to falter due to unsustainable debt-based financing and increasingly self-defeating measures including but not limited to obscene lies, corruption and increasingly tyrannical legislation, law enforcement, and military activity.
People will turn to decentralized systems A) because they work better, and B) because they may not have another choice.
@_date: 2014-02-25 00:58:34
Needs are everpresent. If it pays for me to fill your need, I and probably a lot of other entrepreneurs are going to want to fill the need. If it makes financial sense to fill your need, it will be filled.
Governments inevitably pervert this natural structure for a variety of reasons, not least of which is that figures attracted to huge central governments tend to be corruptible queens of popularity. Nancy Pelosi isn't efficient.
Government isn't bad. CENTRAL government is bad. To the degree you have a CENTRAL government monopoly, you have communism. Communism doesn't work in reality. It works on paper, not in the real world.
Government works better on a local level. It works better when people are in charge of their lives. Representative democracy is an upgrade to "democracy". [u/FellowTraveler]( has much to say about this.
When you have a small group of corrupt regulators thousands of miles away telling millions of people they don't relate to or care about what they can and can't do, you have a shitty system.
Just peeling off the shitty layers on top will leave us with a more lean and decentralized economy, with law and order in tact.