@_author: shitcoins_club
@_date: 2019-04-14 22:43:08
 
Picture above presents the on-screen view of remote check carried out by our IT team, after someone stuffed coin into banknote acceptor thus jamming it. We are sorry to say that in this shopping centre we are not allowed to carry out any  maintenance/repairs during weekends. The ATM will be up and running on Tuesday, as our operator will be allowed into the centre on Monday evening. Generally speaking we use DASH network to carry out all the  necessary checks and as this works fairly well, we will not be improving it any time soon. 
DASH privKey provided in the text file is a test printout made by operator during ATMs service. The funds transferred to the paperwallet, generated by the operator, are removed from it after a short while. This is part of our standard procedure for testing devices and our server. Please note that most of the funds are being redeemed from the paper wallet shortly after they have been transferred to it (in this case both transactions are in the same block), outside of the opening hours of the West One shopping center, where the device is located.
All of our ATMs are listed on the shitcoins.club website on the "locations" tab. We offer:
1) Our commission in the UK is usually less than half of what our competition has to offer. Our purchase price is 3% lower than the stock price, and the sell price is 3% higher than the stock price.
2) Our ATMs are the only ones in UK which can handle large cash withdrawals. On our website shitcoins.club on the "locations" tab, you can find out exactly how much GBP ready to withdraw holds each of our ATMs. The ATM at Bond Street Station (West One Shopping Centre), has at the moment 30,000 pounds which  can be withdrawn immediately, in exchange for BTC, LTC or DASH. Our ATMs are usually toped up to 20 000 pounds. 
The amount of fiat currency available to be paid out can also be found on the ATM's main screen.
3) We pay out cash after the first confirmation by the bitcoin network. If the network is congested, you can sell BTC using our website shitcoins.club and pick up cash from one of our devices once  your transaction is added to the block.
4) When buying cryptocurrency from us you can choose a transaction fee freely and you are not forced to use the highest fee, as in other ATMs.
5) Our ATMs' uptime is estimated at approximately 99.9%. If one takes into account events such as a coin-clogged note acceptor, it drops to about 97%. We assess the level of uptime of our competition at around 75%.
Our IT team is working hard to provide new services, for instance within a month our ATMs will handle deposits and withdrawals in the LN network. Some of our devices will support BEAM transactions shortly.  
As for our ATMs, we praise them not because we believe that our offer is the best and most competitive on the UK market. We say that competitions' ATMs are not better than ours in any aspect.  
If you think otherwise, please provide one the aspect in which competition's equipment is better than ours. We think that there is no such thing and we are ahead of our competition by several years.
shitcoins.club Team