@_author: shit_exchange
@_date: 2014-02-12 21:50:56
Hi everyone. I used btce for a few month's and one day out of no where I log in and my password doesn't work. Even though I had Google authentication and I always logged in from my phone. Long story short I reset the password and they sent me a new one. I tried to change the password they gave me but it wouldn't let me so I tried to take my coins out and it said I wasn't able for two days because I had reset the password and I had to wait for 48 hrs. After 2 days I log in and see my 5000 cams are gone. I emailed the support and they responded after 2 days. It said that the transfer was confirmed by my email. Fuller up thing is that I didn't get any kind of confirmation. I also am 100 percent sure I wasn't hacked because I had coins on vircurex and mcxnow too and I used the same login and password for all of them. So I realized there is something phi shy going on with btce exchange. I kept emailing support about how I don't receive any email confirmation but they kept sending me the same response. Also they banned me from chat room because I was warning other users. I Google btce scam and my god I can't believe the number of players that are getting screwed Overby the exchange. Take u r coins out before too late. I lost $17000 worth of cams and they are gone forever. I wrote this because I think there is going to more pal looking to use exchanges. Stay away from btce if you can.
@_date: 2014-02-12 22:02:48
Btce is a scam. I've used vircurex and mcxnow for same amount of time and I magically lost all my money on vircurex. How can that be? I know that if I got a virus on my phone or with my email they would take my money from 2 other exchanges too. Also I used Google authenticator. Btce is a scam. You ignorant pal won't take it serious until u learn it the hard way. I wish someone warned me before I put my money into this shit currency. If you Google btce scam or hacking it's own users you'll see that all the exchanges combined aren't even close to have so many users just randomly getting hacked or losing their coins. I don't just say it I actually looked at the reviews for all the other exchanges out there and im showed to see how many users get scammed by btce every single day. Good luck to all of you that trust some mother fun king Russian mafia handling your money. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 22:12:46
Just a correction.l  meant I lost all my money on btce. Don't trust btce people. Please lookup btce scam or btce hacking. 
This guy is not the only one losing his money transfer. I lost 5000 xpms. There is thousands of people out there that are getting ripped off by btce.BTCE is a scam. Please look it up.
