@_author: shlrr
@_date: 2015-03-22 14:26:53
Hate is different from Orwellian propagandized hate, facilitated by fractional reserve banking, i.e. the ability to fund endless warfare and welfare by typing arbitrary numbers into a bank's computer system. IOW, God Mode.
Having less money is a bad thing for people - that's ALL THEY KNOW.
If you take away the government's ability to fund war by keying in arbitrary numbers to a computer system, then you force the government to ask for your money. Sure, they can threaten you, and extort you, but they still have to ASK YOU because they'd no longer be able to conjure it out of thin air.


Your unstated assumption is that billions of people will adopt bitcoin for its "efficiency". Do you think *efficiency* was the only reason the automobile overtook the horse drawn carriage? How about the freedom to go where you want, when you want? How about having more control over your own life? These are the true benefits with mass appeal that the auto industry has harped on in its advertising for decades.
Technology adoption isn't this black and white, cut and dry thing. I mean, PayPal is loads efficient for value transfer so long as you aren't using it for terrorism. Why do you want to use Bitcoin anyway?


What you have just regurgitated is a necessary talking point said by VCs in front of extortionate government thugs in public hearings. It's just a plausible excuse, and it certainly isn't a selling point. You're not about to convince a millionaire to load up on BTC by espousing that generic fucking *garbage*. It's the most lifeless pitch for a meaningless product I've ever seen. Are you a Counterparty investor or something? Yea, let's use Bitcoin for anything and everything except for what it was originally designed to do?
@_date: 2015-03-21 17:21:05
Guess they'll have to fund projects like DarkWallet and JoinMarket so we can all have our fungibility back. Correct me if I'm wrong, but once you make a transaction with multiple inputs and multiple outputs, it becomes impossible to map each input to a precise output.
If CoinJoin becomes common enough, fungibility will be restored. With JoinMarket, it would be even more effective because you'd have the ability to earn interest on your BTC for being part of the mix.
Would end up completely nullifying CoinValidation too.
@_date: 2015-03-21 02:09:08
Plot twist: BTC-e suspends withdrawals for Two Weeks. Pulls exit scam of their own.