@_author: shmullus_zimmerman
@_date: 2016-08-04 21:16:25
Oh my fucking god.  
 
@_date: 2018-01-03 17:37:54
Before we get to much into hero worship, let us remember the things Satoshi -- who was not omnipotent, just a person -- did not anticipate:
1.  He did not anticipate people putting together pooled mining to smooth out variance.
2.  He did not anticipate the ASIC situation, or more specifically, that instead of many makers getting into specialized hardware, the fact that just a few are. 
3.  He did not anticipate that ASICs combined with pools would create cartels of hashpower, where 10 or 15 people can effectively move the entire hash and deploy it at their will. 
4.  He didn't anticipate that mining hardware manufacturers would mine for their own benefit with the newest, best chips, and only make these available on the tailing end to consumers. 
5.  He didn't anticipate that "nodes" that were not mining nodes would exist.   He thought that after a period of time there would be two groups:  Users just running SPV clients; and a large group of big server farms who would be nodes. 
6.  He didn't anticipate the mining nodes would begin little games like immediately mining on a header just broadcast without even having the block it belonged to yet, impacting protocol enforcement and requiring users to run "verifying" nodes if they really wanted to trust the chain.  
7.  And, he didn't anticipate his plans for simply escalating on-chain scaling by twiddling block size would once researched by phds and other smart folks reveal some unanticipated centralization risk. 
He was a visionary and invented a revolutionary consensus mechanism but he was not a god-head, and we musn't treat him as such.  
@_date: 2018-01-03 18:50:31
Very CONVENIENT mistake, given the power all those extra coins give in their masternodes system, isn't it?
@_date: 2018-01-01 22:29:46
I find the statement to be supremely disappointing. 
Yeah, the Interstate Highway system was never "finished" but there were identified, concrete milestones...  the completion of segments between major points so that large numbers of motorists could use it. 
Lightning right now is repeatedly trumpeted as the saving grace for Bitcoin's congestion and the right way to scale.  
Alright, OK, I agree.  
But one guy on one channel doing one Lightning transaction for which channel hopping, and route discovery were not even require does not demonstrate very much.   Its like demonstrating the UI for a piece of software, but finding that none of the menu options work yet. 
What I want to know is WHEN can I tell my investors that it is OK for us to hire a team of programmers and proceed with our project, which will REQUIRE lightning? 
That point in time is easily milestoned.   It is when ANYONE can open a channel on the main net, and LOTS of people have.   Its when successful route discovery and completion of Lightning transactions over X number of hops succeed a high percentage of time. 
I'm not asking for anything of the sort of Service Levels Agreement you would see on a major SaaS project, but saying "its a work in progress" is not quite enough information for people to make decisions in our business. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 18:13:55
SegWit was propagated as a soft fork.  
That seems now to have been a mistake.  
Its time to set a hard fork with a flag day after which transactions will not be validated unless they are spends to a SegWit address. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 05:09:46
Meh.   Our motivated community and activism was weaponized by MS for their own corporate gain.   I don't see that as anything to cheer.    Especially since the obvious answer is that someone (probably a very Bitcoin friendly payment processor) is going to have to eat transaction fees that MS doesn't want to pay as a cost of doing business. 
Of course, I bet MS happily pay the Visa and other CC processing fees.   
@_date: 2018-01-12 17:16:31
Ah, guys....    aren't exchanges (or any users) of bitcoin sort of completely in their rights to blast in a very high fee to make sure their traffic gets to the head of the line in a period of congestion and blockspace contention? 
ETA:   Think of Andreas' story about getting his big donation.   He was trying to move the funds out of his hot wallet address and said he put a very high fee on there.   He needed that bad boy confirmed fast, fast, fast and that's how you do it.  
As for Coinbase, they're bearing that expense.   
For years around this place we said that dust and dice transactions were spam.   Now high fee activity by an exchange that wants its transactions to clear is also spam? 
Presumably, Coinbase's equity holders will want to talk to management eventually about why they're eating those fees instead of leading the charge to get seg wit and batching accomplished (which saves money for them and reduces congestion ... ) 
But in the end, we are dealing here with a natural and probable effect of scarcity of block space.   
I went to a restaurant the other day and didn't get seated while the guy in front of me tipped the hostess $100 and got a table right away.   When there is scarcity there will always be those with cash to throw around to get to the head of the line. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 18:46:05
Technically Bitcoin was largely premined, but not by design.   But like it or not, its early adopters have extreme amounts of coins.   We can all see that it creates power complexes -- and strange hero worship, e.g., in the case of Roger Ver. 
Its my biggest objection to the "store of value" thing we have been hearing lately.    Well over half the supply of coins were mined before much of the wide world even had wind of "Bitcoin"
@_date: 2018-01-07 03:13:26
There are a lot of points I can agree with in the scaling debate, one important one being that Layer 2 is crucial. 
But no one will ever convince me that the ability to run non-mining full nodes is the measure of centralization (or not) in bitcoin. 
Miner pool centralization is much worse and dangerous right now. 
Developer centralization can be a risk (look at how one human being has nearly half the recent code commits on the 'alt' version of Bitcoin right now)
Exchange centralization is dangerous -- witness how the banks are attempting to set up roadblocks to people on and off boarding funds from bitcoin and other cryptocurrency. 
Meanwhile, Any machine from 2008 onward can run the node just fine.   Storage is not the problem, internet bandwidth is not the problem.   Its CPU power and multi-core / multi threading which helps with the initial synch of full node blocks due to the burden of validation. 
@_date: 2018-01-18 16:40:17
Did something happen?  Is Greg Maxwell no longer with Blockstream? 
Looking at the numbered notes on the authorship on the first page of the paper.   Andrew and Pieter get a little '1' referring to Blockstream, but Greg does not. 
I figured that maybe Greg did most or all of the research for this outside of Blockstream, and so maybe he did not want a Blockstream affiliation on authorship.    
But then I went to Blockstream's web page, and the "team" page is no longer there for anyone to check. 
So again, I ask:   What gives?  Greg's still part of Blockstream, isn't he?   Didn't he start the company?  What's going on?    
@_date: 2018-01-15 04:17:20
Not at all.   I'm encouraging people not to change positions.   Continuing to hold is fine. 
But implicit in the OP is the suggestion to BUY. 
Right now, with as screwed up as this market is and the obvious signs of manipulation (especially the patterns since late December) people need to understand its a HORRIBLE idea to buy on margin, or to max their credit cards to buy new Bitcoin. 
I'm not suggesting anyone exit a position they currently have.   But I am suggesting that there are bad actors drafting this market in both direction and taking profits off the backs of people who are rushing in trying to time things. 
@_date: 2018-01-02 03:27:59
"... although it seems like it would be quite easy to solve if centralized servers were used..."
The main problem with that is that the centralized servers, if used for route discovery, would provide a pressure point for nation-states and bad guys to engage in censorship and would break censorship resistance which is supposed to remain a feature of Bitcoin even when using Lightning. 
For example, if the central routing server were in the United States, the government might enforce regulations that bar the server from supplying a route to or from any sender/recipient who has not supplied AML/KYC information.    Totally gross, and that alone would keep a LOT of users from going with Lightning as compared to Bitcoin (or some other altcoin). 
Now don't worry... people ARE working on this.   There's a good paper from 2016 by some guys with Bitfury describing a routing system called "Flare" for example, although I haven't heard much about it lately.    But its a hard problem especially since Bitcoin and by extension Lightning are peer to peer.   You can't just "gossip" every channel opening to the entire world and expect that to scale forever for example, so some smart guys continue to work that problem. 
And all those of us who are DYING to use Lightning need is for someone to set some milestones and goalposts so people can try to get a better understanding of how things are going. 
@_date: 2018-01-19 02:19:31
Thanks.   Makes sense, and that's the email he uses on the dev list. 
Lets hope that it was just a secretary somewhere that left out the little "1" to affiliate him with Blockstream, and not some kind of problem over there.  
@_date: 2018-01-10 15:38:17
Yeah, this article headline sort of exaggerates the current state of affairs. 
Ugh, journalists.   A better headline would be:  "Lightning on the mainnet means we will SOON have the opportunity for near zero fees as more and more business, services and users use Lightning."
As a factual matter, as long as the blocks are full... "fees" in the meaning of mining fees on the chain will not be going to zero.   They'll go WAYYYY down as some of Lightning moves some of the throughput off the chain, but initially at least, all the Lightning channels themselves will require some bandwidth. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 02:10:16
OK, fine.  
But let's be real:   If I'm using a Lightning wallet on my iPhone, the "node" that needs to be online will be a whole bunch of them (redundancy, baby) operated as part of the backend by the wallet vendor.   That way I can board my Jetblue flight without the flight attendants yelling at me about my phone being on.
Now, currently...  my wallet software does not need to send the private keys to the wallet provider to keep on some backend somewhere.  
The concern what you are saying brings to my mind is that in that situation (Lightning wallets, 'light' wallets where you entrust the wallet software to stay online because, yeah, cellular networks suck) the users actually have to put the private keys in the hands of the wallet backend.
Which seems to violate Andreas M. Antonopoulos's first rule:   If you do not control your keys, they're not your coins.  
@_date: 2018-01-09 03:53:35
I can't imagine I'll be suggesting that paychecks be sent to hot wallets.   Whether lightning or otherwise.   
@_date: 2018-01-03 23:27:17
I still think its time to set up a hard fork. 
Call the time period we have been using SegWit since it went active as "validation," and then make it required. 
Set a flag day.   Upon that date, all further spends have to be to SegWit compatible addresses.  
@_date: 2018-01-10 00:34:11
Now you have me trying to google and find where I read that receive signatures could be automated, but sends were not.   Ugh.   
Is that information in the spec Rusty Russell put together or somewhere else? 
@_date: 2018-01-04 00:04:07
Oh, I know.   In the end, I was just trying to be droll.   The reason people hate premines is because it concentrates the power and future value in the hands of developers and insiders.   The reality is that Bitcoin did that, just by necessity since it was first mover and only the truly fervent were accumulating coins. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 12:04:56
FanBois are garbage.   Whether worshipers of Bill Gates, or Steve Jobs, or particular bitcoin investors -- or even Satoshi himself.  
If you search my name, you will see I recently posted about all the assumptions Satoshi got wrong and why the original whitepaper should not be treated as a holy tome.  
I don't go for cults of personality, especially in this space.   Cheers. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 16:19:08
We're not online or in operation yet.   But we will be doing an auction, with purchase averages in the $2000USD to, lets say $20000USD range.    We want OUR operation to be sort of a mini hub.   Buyers would qualify for bidding by opening a channel with us, and that would define their bid limits.    We're trying to jump in and really disrupt an auction system that currently is fairly concentrated, but in the "meatspace" these folks have to do something similar -- i.e., show up and demonstrate immediately available funds to bid. 
@_date: 2018-01-06 21:11:52
Block Weight changes are an ancillary part of SegWit. 
We need SegWit network wide to implement the other fixes it provides, most importantly as a means to enable Lightning.  
Why are you trying to be clever.   There's a big block fork already.  Those who support that direction got what they wanted.   Why must you all continue to come over here and needle those who continue to trust the approach to project consensus from the developers?
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:54:28
Yeah, but the Schnorr paper (the one linked in OP) also does the author email addresses differently. 
Compare with this older blockstream paper where Greg's email, like the other blockstream authors, is listed at an  address just like the rest of the blockstream authors:  
In this month's paper linked in the OP ( it shows Greg's email as  not blockstream. 
Its a def. change, seems to me.    I can see taking down the picture profiles on Blockstream's website after some well reported episodes of personal attacks/kidnappings directed to crypto people.  
But why not list Greg as an author affiliated with Blockstream on the paper and why put his contact through some other email address?
@_date: 2018-01-02 02:10:04
"...as soon as the recipient sets up a lightning channel of their own..."
Not quite.   Having Billy Bitcoin set up a channel with Mikey Merchant in NYC, on the one hand, and Liang Blok Chan set up a lightning channel in China with his favorite exchange on the other hand, simply cannot do anything standing alone to connect Billy and Liang with each other.   There has to be a solution to generate hops and ensure discovery of a route between these two, otherwise the two of them will have to resort to the blockchain to open a channel directly with each other.   And since a channel has to be closed after it is opened, if they don't envision a long string of payments back and forth between them, they're better off at that point just doing a payment right on the blockchain with a regular transaction. 
So, what is needed it seems to me is for some Bitcoin whales with credibility to form the first major hubs, or to help the major exchanges become major Lightning hubs.   We have to get the big, back-bone, high BTC value channels set up so that the odds of any random user having a short number of hops through a discoverable route to any other user works out. 
What I am still trying to find answers to is why isn't this happening if Lightning is ready?   My suspicion is because route discovery has not been definitively solved yet.  
@_date: 2018-01-09 19:38:09
Just to clarify, my understanding is that the receive keys are automated but that the specification does not call for send (pay) keys to be automated.  I supposed wallets could do that, but holy shit... that's like a burning hot wallet and would strongly dissuade people from keeping anything but dust in lightning channels. 
Lightning is often discussed as the "cup of coffee" but honestly, if its going to have material impacts and adoption it should be able to handle a household's traditional monthly outlays -- including up to thousands on housing expense etc.   
If Lightning turns out to be penny-bag hot wallets (possibly with KYC/AML if you're going through a hub in ConUS) it will never solve scaling.  I believe LIghtning has potential to be much more but it is in the end a hotwallet. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 22:33:05
Its dumb hyperbole on both sides. 
Who euthanizes a software project?   What a dumb thing to say.   And yet, people say it...     I'm acquainted with a Microsoft guy (sales side) and in the 1990s they were saying similar things about putting OS/2 out "to pasture" -- same sort of thing. 
But Open Source is Open Source.   And the other project has never complained about the CODE from Core.   They complain that Core and this Sub have made philosophical decisions about scaling that they disagree with.  Handling scaling differently does not, in my view, require a rewrite of other open source code that does not deal with block size. 
So everyone's just blowing a bunch of hot air, and meanwhile I have two wallets that aren't estimating fees worth a damn and a congested network experience. 
@_date: 2018-01-15 03:45:56
Your point about experience may be correct. 
But what won't work is someone posting to a bunch of hyped newbs on r/bitcoin that a trend indicator that works well (allegedly) on stocks has anything at ALL to do with a hybrid currency/commodity market that is being manipulated like this.  All that will happen is those newbs getting slaughtered.
I cannot abide this sort of simplistic investing advice in a forum like this.   About half the time, its actually one of the shithead whales trying to herd the sheep toward the shearing shack.   Bad news folks, bad freaking news. 
The Bitcoin (cryptocurrency in general) markets are flooded right now with a bunch of ignorant new wall street money; there's exchanges that are obviously permitting wash trading, the whales are painting the tape and spoofing big orders that just get pulled after the crowd moves, and if you've followed the Tethers stuff, there might even be some worse things happening with this market.    Its not a place to play around right now.   
@_date: 2018-01-04 21:10:24
If SegWit were the bottleneck then the moment SegWit went active on the mainnet, there would have been announcements of lightning nodes at every exchange, as well as a slew of wallets. 
Right now the demonstrations I've seen have not required route discovery.   I'm dying for Lightning to come on line.   In fact, one of my jobs depends on it.   (I got caught up in the hype about Lightning and over-promised my team's investors... so if its not rocking by March I'll lose some dough). 
Lets go and get this shit released already. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 22:35:52
As I said, it was not by design.   As the first of the first, the technical reality is that half the coins were in the hands of a (relatively concentrated) few hodlers by xmas of 2011.   I didn't say it was an intentional premine, not actually a premine at all if more people had been paying attention.   But the effect is what it is.   
@_date: 2018-01-02 01:15:57
There are at least three teams working on Lightning. 
My investors haven't signed up to help develop lightning.  We're doing online auctions of EDITED (a very particular type -- not going to put the details public for the moment).   Auctions are particularly important to be final when the gavel falls, which means the Bitcoin congestion the last few months would be fatal to our plan.   
I have deadlines and milestones of my own to deal with.  I have our back-end and web-app architect on the payroll now.  He's proposing a team with about 6 areas of focus, only 2 of which are payments and escrow.  Ideally, we want to be a Lightning hub -- because that works best in dealing with buyers and sellers -- and the Buyer's opening a channel directly with us will qualify them to bid.  
Telling my guy that he needs task his proposed team of database and web application guys to jump in and help finish Lightning would be like asking him to find some monkeys to fuck a football.   They're not cryptographers.   They can interface our nodes with an API to make transactions happen with the users entering keys, etc.  They can provide a nice shiny auction interface and a backend that will talk to Lightning, and provide the layer between (we hope OUR) Lightning hub and the users.   But they are NOT going to move the ball on Lightning development, or come up with the definitive proposal for route discovery. 
I owe a progress report in March.   Having been told since July (again and again and again on this Sub and from persons who are supposed to know) that Lightning is just around the corner -- indeed that SegWit not getting activated was all that was holding it back -- that's what I've been telling the money people.   That's what the marketing people have been telling the counterparties we need to make this work.   We bet hard on Bitcoin and I in particular have succeeded so far in keeping this project away from ETH or others.    When SegWit activated that was the subject of a fancy report by me.  But now SegWit is dragging and this Sub and people like Jamison Lopp act like its uncouth to ask about the status.   Lightning is, we are now told, simultaneously  "here" and "not quite ready because its a 'distributed learning process'"   
Its like Schrödinger's cat -- its both ready and not ready at the same time.   Except that its basically not ready. 
And I suspect that if that continues to be the case by March, I'll be out of this project (the word is 'fired'), and the people who are tying up capital waiting for a return will put strategic reliance on someone else.   Maybe my successor will peddle's ETH, or probably more likely, that other 'fork' of Bitcoin that is not congested at the moment.  
I'm surely not the only person dealing with this sort of thing.  Business people and business ideas move at the speed of business.   Business can take risks, but we need a roadmap to quantify those risks.  Lopp's tweet is not at all helpful, and its not a negative nancy to point out that there are other payment solutions that will fill this vacuum soon.  
@_date: 2018-01-03 21:09:37
Your link 1:  Almost 2 years after he released it.   He dealt with pooled mining as a necessary emergence.   He did not foresee it.   
Your link 2:  Has nada to do with ASICs.   He was talking about adding code to the software that would, in essence, discourage empty or too few transaction blocks.   It has nothing to do with ASICs.   I can't find the link, but even when GPUs were emerging he basically asked for a "sportsman's agreement" to to go overboard with it -- recognizing the concentration / centralization stuff. 
Your 3rd and 4th links:   Still don't specifically envision ASICs.   He had server farms in mind.   And when he talked about "users being users" he clearly meant users would be running SPV nodes. 
I'm not trying to spread FUD, I just think its silly for people to go around quoting the Whitepaper when, like any system, what developed is not necessarily the perfect embodiment of the original plan.   
For my $0.02, if I had a time machine I would go back to when GPU mining started to emerge and suggest to Satoshi to fork PoW to something like Monero's memory bound function, but with the scratchpad populated and manipulated based on existing blockchain lookups so that every mining "CPU" or  "Instance" would also be bound by storage and storage &lt;--&gt; memory bandwidth.  
The Cartel of miners will continue to be a problem.   Believe it. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 15:04:04
The problem with analogizing to internet routing is that it oversimplifies what Lightning does, or needs to do, to work right. 
When I send an HTTPS request to Amazon.com, those packets and the intermediate machines that route the packets do not need to know that I just minutes ago spent some of my money on eBay.com.
In other words, Routing protocol does not need awareness of the "state" of each hop in terms of how much juice it has to 'fund' the next hop.   
The routing in and of itself is not the problem.   Its routing with awareness of channel balances along the route.  Its the traveling salesman problem with another layer. 
And the solution probably will be big hubs, because that's really the only way that ultimately works out because the large well funded hubs will smooth over the logistical issue with scarce balances along any part of a longer 'non-big-hub' route. 
And as long as I still get to use the regular Bitcoin blockchain for things that are NOT like coffee where I need the benefits of real Bitcoin transactions, that's fine with me.   I don't care if "Big Bank Lightning Hub" knows about all my coffee and itunes purchases, and most other people don't either. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 02:05:57
So, basically, Microsoft did a power play.   They shit on their customers, to get the customers (and the Bitcoin community at large) to express rage and frustration. 
And as a product of that rage and frustration, the MS bitcoin portal vendor is, what, eating the fees for smaller redeems?   I can't imaging any other way of reading that. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 16:05:26
I think "core" is just fine.  
The developers smartly adopted the badging to signal the 'official' Bitcoin developer group, since other forks were starting to use bitcoin-qt as well.  
"Core" speaks to fundamentals, to protocol, to best practices, to competence.   Its good branding.   It refers to the team and the client, not to Bitcoin itself. 
This sort of thing is silly to worry about.  
@_date: 2018-01-14 22:31:43
Spend some time watching the trading.   There are large trades being placed above and below the action and then withdrawn.   Both up and down pressure.   The whales are playing with you guys, and they're making money off you on the way up and the way down.   
If you have Bitcoin and decided to hold, then hold.   But don't pretend that this market can be read off charts and trends, and don't dare try and time this action.   You'll get eaten alive by the whales. 
@_date: 2018-01-19 15:55:53
Wow...  
So weird with the delayed announcement.  But saying that, I have to think its best they did not announce in November -- it might have caused some drag on Bitcoin's run-up.   Greg is  powerful force on the development side, and with him leaving Blockstream a lot of things change.   For one thing, things he develops no longer have the protection of Blockstreams defense only patent strategy.   I hope the departure was not acrimonious in any way.   But the delay in announcement suggests it probably was not:  You take 30 to 90 days to do a wind up, have the pencil-heads work the books to value the shares/equity of the departing partner and then there will be discussions of whether they buy him out or convert him to nonvoting (passive) equity moving forward.  Its a big exercise.  
@_date: 2018-01-13 20:08:31
Seriously?   Hyping the testnet is not helpful.   Especially with this headline.   
I popped wood and then got blue balls all within seconds of clicking the thread.   Not cool. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:21:16
A similar attitude was seen on Myspace at one point.   
"You stupid users want different FEATURES!?"  "We'll do it if we want."  "You're not entitled to anything."
Then Facebook came along.... 
The problem with your attitude is that its bad for Bitcoin.   And its not as if I'm asking for something weird or off the beaten path.  
Lightning has been EXPLICITLY sold at the solution to scaling for a couple years now.   Its been sold as such to the point of yielding a destructive and contentious fork and a coin that is basically trading off Bitcoin's good will and -- right now at this moment -- may be more useable for the things we are told we have to wait for Lightning for. 
Its time for someone to say "here's a roadmap and expected timing."   I'm not a computer programmer.   Just a user.   But there are a lot more bitcoiners like me then there are super geek programmers.    And people will lose faith if something gets promised for too long without delivery. 
ETA:  And by the way, none of this changes the point that the Core team right now can take steps to make SegWit mandatory going forward so that the network is ready for Lightning.   SegWit right now, if adopted at a higher rate, would ease the throughput congestion. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:38:54
I don't know if Nick Szabo is Satoshi or not, but the appeal to "reputed" or "theorized" authority is even more unseemly than quoting bits of the whitepaper out of context has proven to be. 
Who gives a shit if he is Satoshi.   Look at his proposition, judge the words independently and move on. 
For what it is worth, I think ALL bitcoin (BTC, BCH, whatever) is more centralized by ASIC mining and pool concentration than by anything else.  
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:36:11
Wasn't it a different kind of spam attack Satoshi was guarding against?
I.e., miner creates huge block that takes forever to validate (or would have back then when people were mining and running nodes on old laptops) because of the way its structure and issues with quadratic hasing?
At the time he never confronted "fully funded" spam attacks.   
We know now that quadratic hashing can be fixed, and consensus rules can address blocks that are structured in a way that is intended to hammer validation. 
But we now also know that 1MB blocks make well funded "high fee spamming" affordable.   You showed me in another thread evidence that there's a spam attack going on.   Yet that same attack directed to the BCH chain would be swallowed up and would wind up impossible to sustain. 
On BTC however, it is possible keep inching up the spam fees (pushing organic users into higher and higher fees) and once the mempool exceeds a certain number of megabytes, your spam transactions will get supplanted by even higher fees from users.   The users will pay dearly to get their shit into blocks, and the spammer's transactions will eventually get evicted from the mempool.   
Only adding raw capacity impacts that issue while we await Lightning (which will take impact off the organic users' side of this balancing act).  
Hence why I've been posting that we should immediately proceed to make SegWit mandatory by introducing a fork that activates at 65% hash, and which before that enforces (at the non-mining node level) a rule that coinbase rewards are unspendable except to SegWit addresses.
@_date: 2017-12-16 16:14:10
Have you read the posts in this thread professing an intention to foul up the Coin Base support ticket process with so many SegWit requests that other customers can't get help?    What exactly would you call that?    If you were a customer with a legit support issue and you lost money because of this stupid fucking Reddit game, are you saying you're not injured by that?  
@_date: 2017-12-18 01:55:47
ASIC + Pooling = mining cartel. 
Cartels love to manipulate prices to their benefit. 
If it can be done, it will. 
Some day BTC will have to fire the SHA256 miners and do something else. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:03:09
I thought current, on chain, BTC ATM machines were themselves hardware wallets and this was part of the interesting / better security since transactions hit the net with all the protection of Bitcoin crypto. 
I guess it would have to be different for Lightning, though, because once the channel is opened there need to be the various ledger adjustments.    We are somewhat relying on a hub and spoke topography with that in mind, it does seem to me.  
Maybe that should just be the plan, then the hubs could have the network map and use it to perform routing. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 02:01:25
I think its...  "Beef Jerky Time!"
@_date: 2017-12-19 05:01:11
That cannot be.    I just had a meeting with investors on an auto auction thing.   Bitcoin auctions cannot work without Lightning.   We can't have a completed auction sitting there waiting on confirmations, or subject to unpredictable fees if the BTC chain has a spam attack or something going on.   
There were just press releases.   Its been on this sub again and again that this is just around the corner.  Is it possible you're misinformed, or have your perceptions distorted by alliance with another coin?
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:57:17
They're all blown up by every hyped up wall street dolt trying to make money in the "crypto space"    
Were you around in the 1990s when a run of the mill online pet supply place added ".com" to its name, raised a truck load of capital, but ultimately shit the bed?   Irrational exuberance! 
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:03:29
I think this is fairly "tinfoil hat" kind of stuff. 
Things get rough after a difficulty change because the difficulty change snaps block rate back to 10 minute averages and, with variance, the chain slows down.   Since we're full, that results in people having slowdowns, higher fees, etc.
The amount of fees flowing by, and the fact that pretty much all low fee items were evicted from the mempool suggests to me that this is genuine transactional demand.  And no wonder, we're setting on a Bitcoin that is taking off like it never has before.   Exchanges are overwhelmed, its getting press everywhere, etc.
Its not an attack.   Its just a reason to support Lightning and for everyone to do everything possible to ensure it rolls out ASAP for mainstream deployment.    Remember, a shitload of the transaction traffic right now is trading and the movement of coins in and out of exchange wallets to users.   That sort of thing is perfect for Lightning, with the exchanges being well financed Lightning hubs.   
Lightning is going to be a ground-breaking change.  It just can't come fast enough at this point.   In fact, it would have been so much better for BTC if this latest blast of upward price could have occurred after Lightning was already done.  
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:43:32
The thing about SegWit is that by itself it doesn't do much for users at the transaction level.  (There's malleability fix, but that's never really been such of a much for individual users -- its real benefit is through enhancement of off chain solutions like Lightning). 
For that reason, SegWit is basically like the Microsoft Word rollout of the .docx format some years back.  I worked at a law firm.   Initially, all the secretaries got a memo PROHIBITING them from putting lawyers documents into that format since other firms would not be guaranteed to be able to read them.   It was probably similar in other businesses for a while. 
Eventually, though, new features that required the new functionality from the .docx format became more and more entrenched and it was the network effect of users DOING things with that new functionality that forced people to adopt .docx in their businesses. 
The same will apply with SegWit.   The block weight benefits will not themselves be enough.  
The answer is lightning.  It needs to happen soon, but when it does, it will compel eveyone to jump in with SegWit support.    The reason it was done as a soft fork was to enable the network to keep humming along until that point.  
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:43:07
TMI dude, TMI. 
What happened to the days of gentlemen not kissing and telling?  
I hate the internet sometimes.   Everyone running to announce their most recent pelvic associations. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:32:51
I don't know what the attack is, but we are def. a victim of our own success.   Lightning cannot roll out fast enough as far as I'm concerned.   As I watch 700 and 800 Sat/B fees scroll by, its hard to avoid the conclusion we need a laser focus on scaling.   Now, now, now!   I want Lightning January 1, 2018.   It would be such a relief. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 01:35:31
This is a bedfellow we do NOT want. 
Bitcoin is about throwing of all that cruft.   Jump in bed to sick the government on enemies in the crypto space, and they'll show up knocking with their KYC/AML bullshit when Lightning goes online.    If major well-connected Lightning hubs in the US have to do all that stuff, it will smother the tech.  
Nope, nope nope. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:53:29
I thought she did alright, but it felt a little scripted and I would have really liked to see a roadmap for Lightning. 
She explicitly dodged the roadmap question, which was noticeable to me. 
As an aside, as the farther of a young woman heading off to MIT next fall, I am delighted to see a strong smart woman in this space.   We need more! 
@_date: 2017-12-02 05:11:00
Someone needs to start a find to go fight this.  I'll toss in some Satoshis, and I think all users and the big fish really need to as well, including our big exchanges and other Bitcoin industry members. 
This sort of thing poses a risk to any Lightning Network node that winds up with large connectivity with others. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:30:07
As I posted in one of the other THREE threads on this visible right now:  
SegWit itself does not represent a huge benefit for individual transactions.   There would be a short term fee relief effect if we immediately went to 100% adoption, BUT doing it as a soft-fork precludes any means of applying force to make it happen.   (A hard for would have been better in my view)
Beyond that, SegWit is a facilitating transaction.  I compared it to the old Microsoft Word doc format versus the docx format.   Mainstream adoption really took off only once the NEW technologies (document formats, edit tracking, and collaborative editing) enabled by that format gained a network effect. 
But there are a ton of analogies.   The bottom line is that "torch and pitchfork" methods aren't going to get us SegWit.   What will get us SegWit is to get Lightning running, working, and widespread.   Once it lands, the fees savings along will result in Exchanges having their customers DEMAND Lightning, which will require the SegWit roll outs.   Those that still persist in dragging their feet will get slaughtered. 
 
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:36:59
Not really.   With the only change being SegWit and the community very much in favor, there won't any viability in the other chain.  
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:08:31
I suspect the BCH addition on that exchange was sour grapes from the last three or four times this sub went after them with torches and pitchforks in hand. 
As for moving forward, I really think its time for Core to propose a SegWit hardfork.   Make it mandatory.   It must be in wide use for Lightning (I tried it too... EVERYTHING I am hoping for, except for mainstream availability).  
Since SWSF activation there is a full testing period, so no risk a hardfork making it mandatory would run amiss.   And, you could activate it with only 65% hash and despite the block slowdown if other parts of the hash dawdled, the blocks would have better throughput than now.   Further, there could be a User Activated component to coerce the miners who sleep.   Just rollout new core node software that refuses to recognize transactions from coinbase addresses after block X if they're not to SegWit addresses.  BOOM all the miners will come along.  
Once all transactions have to go to segwit outputs, we'll sweep much of this backlog and clear the stage for Lightning. 
Then tease base block weight increase in conjunction with LIghtning adoption. 
Edited to add:  And none of the above works if "purists" cross their arms and watch all the "use cases" for Bitcoin flee to Litecoin, BCH, or Ethereum.   
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:20:50
I personally think the next core release ought to adopt a rule among non-mining nodes that bars spending of any coinbase rewards unless they are spent to SegWit addresses.    Then put out a Bip to make SegWit mandatory for the network going forward, with lock in on 65% hash power.   Then set a flag day after which all transactions to non SegWit addresses will be unceremoniously evicted from the mempool. 
Those changes could be rolled out in a month.  It would immediately nearly double throughput and put the framework in place where Lightning is not delayed by lagging SegWit adoption. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:53:38
Prosper?   I dunno about that. 
I posted on the other forum the other day a detailed explanation of how the hashpower on the mainchain could take about an hour of time to organize a 100 block long rewrite of the cash chain due to the disparity of difficulty between the two right now. 
And I don't think the core developers are dropping the ball.   I think they're software guys, and are bike shedding Lighting a little too much.  Its just time for someone to say that its necessary to have a firm schedule.  People work better to deadlines, and when they get one it helps move things along. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:09:18
On this Sub of ALL subs, there should be a little more scrutiny to random websites that show up out of no where and want information to be submitted.   WTF guys?
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:57:24
"Look... me and the McDonald's people got this little misunderstanding. See, they're McDonald's... I'm McDowell's. They got the Golden Arches, mine is the Golden Arcs. They got the Big Mac, I got the Big Mick. We both got two all-beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles and onions, but their buns have sesame seeds. My buns have no seeds."
In truth, its a troll thread and doesn't do much to move the ball. 
The Apple / Apple Unlimited;   McDonalds/McDowells type of disputes are resolved by trade marks, trade names, and national and international laws and conventions. 
Bitcoin has none of those protections. 
Satoshi made a mistake here.   What he should have done was to use a modified open source license that included a condition that permitted use, extension, modification of the code but prohibited any implementation based on the code from using the word "Bitcoin." 
Since he did not, we'll get Bitcoin Cash, Bitcoin Gold, Bitcoin Green, Bitcoin 2, Electric Boogalook and, probably, Bitcoin Trump one of these days. 
And in the end the technology will out.  
@_date: 2017-12-19 05:22:51
When you have time, watch this video...  look what it takes to get Gold from mine to the gold bar state. 
Gold is self-evident proof of work.   Just like Bitcoin miners, there is capital invested; just like Bitcoin miners there is a small return for the amount of work put in; and just like Bitcoin, once the Gold is minted, a part of its value is the scarcity and work behind getting it. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:41:14
"Long Island Blockchain" 
That's your signal to take some profits because its overextended and the lemmings are buying anything cryptocurrency related. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:13:23
Yes, I INSIST.
I'm entitled to.   Event though I have been a little concerned about off chain scaling, I stood with Core for 2 years on the basis of a representation that Lightning would be here soon.   The contention on which we have all been materially induced to rely upon is that Lightning will be the right way to scale.   I tend to agree.  Who needs the whole Blockchain to buy a cup of coffee.   
But having made those promises at some time there has to be a solution.   
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:49:47
You guys are insane. 
Posting on a public board a concerted plan (that's called a conspiracy) to submit bogus support requests (your user agreements with Coinbase never promised SegWit, and SegWit is explicitly optional, being a soft fork), with the stated purpose of clogging up their business and causing other paying customers to take their business elsewhere? 
That's called interference with contract.  If the volume of bogus support requests is high enough, it could also be classified as a form of a denial of service attack.
If I were Coinbase's lawyer, I'd file suit and serve Reddit with IP address unmask subpoenas and serve the ringleaders here with lawsuits.   God damn, I don't even care for coinbase and stupid shit like this keeps popping up here. 
SegWit should have been done as a hardfork.   It would have been cleaner and easier and in that case, all the exchanges would HAVE to come along or sit on a minority dead-hash chain.   Coinbase did not make the decision to do it as a softfork.   They have no legal obligation to implement SegWit.   They will HAVE to do so if Lightning shows up soon and generates demand, but until then you guys need to stop fucking with them. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:37:23
Yeah, I typed "Longisland" and my 'puter autocorrected it to three words.   I think the news story was they actually changed it to "Long Blockchain."    Minor point, dontcha think?
@_date: 2017-12-19 04:04:21
Wait, wait, wait. 
I was under the impression that Lightning was an "any day now" thing.   That there was just an announcement that its heading into testing and we should see deployment begin soon. 
Is that wrong?   Developer begs are something I would expect to see far earlier in the development cycle.  WTF is going on here?   
How close (or far) are we from mainstream deployment?
@_date: 2017-12-28 17:27:29
Explain to me th connections here? 
You opened a Lightning channel with Bitrefill?   
And, they then used fiat to refill a prepaid phone on your behalf? 
I mean, awesome.  
But what Lightning features does this use?    It was basically a regular one-to-one no hops no routing transaction.  
But for the high fees, an on chain transaction would have been identical. 
How close are we to having it so I can open up a .5 BTC channel with say "Visa" and then use that (and their connections with everyone else) to send AND receive BTC all on the second layer? 
That's what the true promise of Lightning is.   That's what I'm dying to see come out soon. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:57:59
I've read about long chains, but I guess I always assumed alot of that was activity going on within exchanges.   There tends to be correlation in the long chain stuff and exchange volume for example. 
Besides, blaming this on high-fee spam feeds the big blockers' arguments.  They would just say that if blocksize was 4MB for example, it would be financially impossible for a spammer to put enough high fee transactions into the cue to affect ordinary users.
Of course, some of this could be the miners.   If you look at my historical posts, I've been outspoken in calling them a cartel and saying BTC needs to change over to a new proof of work.  
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:33:15
This crash was crypto-wide. 
It has nothing to do with the technology. 
I can give you two words for this crash:   "Long Island Blockchain" 
A tea company put that on its name and its stock blew up.    That's your signal for irrational exuberance.  
Correction was necessary to shake off all the morons.   They'll suffer some losses.   I'm still up on paper. 
The technology will continue.  
Honestly, a huge correction here is perfect since we NEED some breathing room to get Lightning on line. 
Now its time to INSIST on a release date, just like you would if someone was building a house for you.   When is it going to be ready guys?!
@_date: 2017-12-29 21:01:18
As I continue to observe this action, I do think that the 1MB block size/weight limit (putting aside SegWit for a moment) is a double edged sword for us. 
It was adopted at a time when a miner could create a huge block (and when people were validating and mining blocks with commodity hardware) that would take a great deal of time to process.   So capping block size dealt with that risk vector. 
But it introduced another risk vector, spam attacks.   I'm not sure what things would look like with SegWit fully adopted, surely better, but the reality is that the base block limit makes spam attacks easy to bump against the limit and wreak havoc on the mempool.   
I imagine that since Lightning will eventually require more base block size/weight anyway, we will eventually see a hardfork to bump block size coupled with fixes for quadratic hashing and the schnoor signatures thing.   All these together will mean that an attacker has to spend a lot more coins in fees to come anywhere close to causing "real" network transaction traffic to face blockspace contention.  
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:44:10
Roll out SegWet hardfork and make it mandatory! 
It could be activated at 65% and the miners there would process more transactions than current throughput and get all the fees.   There would not be a lingering survivor chain, no benefit to doing so.  
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:11:21
Are you watching the transactions flying by?   These aren't spam or dust transactions.   Its real money with people trying to do real things.   The fees in the mempool are huge.   We are starting to see fees of over 1000 sat/b fly by.  
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:19:00
Funny you should mention that. 
I think the next Core release should force a UAHF to make SegWit mandatory.   Call the recent period an extended beta test.   It works.  Now everyone must use it. 
Set activation threshold at 65%; then set ALL the validating nonmining nodes to refuse to permit spends of coinbase rewards unless they're spent to SegWit addresses.    Then set a flag day.  On and after flag day, all tranactions must spend to SegWit addresses. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 16:07:03
Its bogus because when you join Coinbase or any other exchange you agree to a set of specific terms and conditions.   Coinbase never agreed to support SegWit.   Its an upgrade that the core devs made optional by implementing it as a soft-fork.   
At most CB users are making a feature request.   Feature requests do not belong in the support ticket process.   Plus people in this thread are saying the specific intention is to clog up support for real issues and cost them customers.  
If YOU or I or any specific person chooses to boycott Coinbase because they're not adopting SegWit, that's one thing.   If people on Reddit band together to destroy CB's customer service responsiveness with the intention of causing them to lose customers who could give two shits about SegWit, that's interference with contract.  
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:38:36
If its likely that Lightning would diffuse to hub/spoke or as you put it spoke-hub-hub-hub-spoke topography, why isn't that just formalized as a spec.   Embrace it and run with it.    Are people worried that hubs having the network map would compromise them somehow?  After all, every user of Bitcoin now is transacting on a blockchain and broadcasting transactions (other than those that use Tor) using regular IP addressing.   
@_date: 2017-12-22 03:22:38
I'm hearing Bitfinex is vaporlocking.   Specifically, Tethers don't work to buy things, and things aren't able to be sold to tethers.   Tethers can't be withdrawn / traded.  
That's jut in the last 20 minutes. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 00:21:11
Core is in the best position to force it.    
It plays as basically a user activated hard fork.  
@_date: 2017-12-30 06:20:25
There's a lot of arguments against the coin that shall not be named. 
The fact they're using open sourced code is not one of them. 
In ANY open source project, including this one, the philosophy has always been "if you don't like the direction this team is taking, fork the code and go your own way."
If some other proprietary approach to the code is desired, then core would need to change the license.   I would stop using Bitcoin --FULL STOP -- if it ever went closed source, but I suggest that a modified license can be lawyered together that deals with the most pressing problem:
"A project that does not achieve 100% compatibility with the consensus rules of the most recent official Bitcoin Core client located at [repo location] may not utilize the word 'Bitcoin' in any naming, marketing, or application dialog conventions."
@_date: 2017-12-20 13:59:57
The panic is partially due to the "hair on fire" nature of this sub in general, but in more general terms it is because if you pull up any live transaction reporter you see a lot of non-spam transactions, people trying to use Bitcoin, rolling by with fees in the 600s, 700s, 800s, and even 900s of satoshis/byte. 
We are getting whiplash about how AMAZING Lightning looks in little demos, and yet the total absence of detailed roadmapping of when we should expect mainstream deployment. 
Its sad to see a part of Bitcoin's use case being handled by Litecoin, but infuriating to see things going to, ahem, other alts and forks.  
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:36:56
Great point.   I wish I could find the post that led me to believe BTC ATMs would / are basically hardware multiuser wallets.  It led me to believe the keys themselves were supplied by the users, and didn't live on the machine. 
Then again, for lightning, the ATM (or, since you're probably right the ATM would only be a frontend), the backend Lightning hub would have to deal with all the key management issues since a hub is essentially a Lighting user with a lot of connections. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:40:27
Ms.  Stark...  I'm working on a project that will require Lightning. 
Can you give us a sense of when there will be a mainstream release with a set in stone API and detailed spec. I can give to the programmers.    I want to walk that fine line of getting them moving only once its clear that there won't be big changes due to adjustments in beta testing. 
Thanks so much, and for being an awesome ambassador for Bitcoin!
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:36:54
There is NOTHING wrong with what you are saying here.  I tend to agree with most of it. 
I worry sometimes that this sub is letting perfect be the enemy of the good.   It would be like Bezos deciding not to move forward with Amazon.com because the customers only had modems and there would be no possible way for Amazon to do its long future plans for video and other more interactive items until broadband hit. 
That's silly.  You maximize your service and usability for your existing enthusiasts and adopters.  You don't shit on them and tell them to wait 10 more months for the next feature upgrade, especially if you have competitors knocking at their doors.  
@_date: 2017-12-19 05:40:04
Well, yes. 
But my point is that part of what gives gold its value is the extraordinary amount of work that it takes to get some if you think you'd rather not just buy it. 
Same with Bitcoin.   Anyone can make a child, drive a car, flip a burger, carry a briefcase, etc., with sufficient time and effort.   But the work for one person to go get $20,000 of gold out of the ground, or to get a single Bitcoin through mining is astronomically more difficult, by exponential orders of magnitude.  
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:02:11
Nonsense. 
A period of turmoil and angst is the last point where we should knee-jerk major protocol changes that would require a fork.    The Core team (and this community I might add) considered the issue over a period of years, and decided on SegWit and Lightning.   Now it is time to stay the course. 
Reflexive / reactive panic moves will damage Bitcoin.  Part of its strength is being obdurate toward the tides and sentiments of the day. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:32:28
What is your evidence of this.   I've been looking through blocks in block explorers and I'm not seeing the things that looked like spam in the past. 
We have unprecedented publicity for Bitcoin with the huge updraft in price.  The exchanges are signing up people like made, there's real demand.    I need more than your word that this is some sort of spam attack.   
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:02:32
I support SegWit, but this torch and pitchfork thing is not going to go anywhere. 
Here's the reality:   SegWit activation was stalled for LONG time at less than 25% of hash support. 
Because of the mining centralization, the miners are a cartel.   The cartel and a number of industry players got together in New York and came up with a compromise:  SegWit2X:   Adopt SegWit and put in place a base block size/weight increase to 2MB.   The SegWit piece happened, the community and a number of other issues killed the 2x part. 
The hash power to activate the SegWit softfork was only there due to the cartel's agreement.  Now members of the cartel who are aggrieved because the 2x part did not happen are proving that the decision to deploy SegWit as a softfork has downsides too.   They're going to hold off on adoption.  
And that will continue to be the case until the functionality that depends on SegWit (i.e., the Lightning Network) generates organic demand, and that demand will kick these guys into acting for their own self interest by adopting SegWit. 
This torch and pitchfork stuff is extraneous to the maths and code and validation, and is just political bullshit.   Political bullshit is one of the things Satoshi was trying to get away from. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 20:10:22
Your post has merit. 
But in my country (US) the legal authorities will always stretch things to get their way.    They will go so far, I believe, as to shut down LN traffic (or Tor traffic) if they have to. 
The excuse (especially favored by big banks already as regards Bitcoin) will be to call this "money laundering" for "terrorism"
@_date: 2017-12-15 23:53:40
None of what you are saying is wrong.
But, this isn't about that.   Coinbase applied its voice in the industry to get SegWit adopted, but did so out of an interest in getting base block size/weight upped through a hard fork.   They were screwed in that strategy and now they're getting their last laugh.    (We can debate later whether it makes sense for exchange and miner poobahs to get together in smoke filled rooms and plan Bitcoin's future as with the Hong Kong and New York agreements -- spoiler: Its totally awful).  
The powers that be decided to do SegWit as a soft fork.   One consequence of that is that the network still works even if people dont' roll out the SegWit code.     Until Lightning makes the added functionality that SegWit enables the "killer app" for Bitcoin, I don't expect to see SegWit uptake go any faster. 
That's not Coinbase's choice, its the devs and community.   And this is where the big blockers get to gnash their teeth and say they told us so.   The growth of Bitcoin and consequences of hitting the throughput wall have been well known going back many years.  
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:24:28
Nope. 
It has to be that they're sent TO SegWit addresses.  Otherwise your flag day would be deflationary destruction of existing coins, including all of Satoshi's holdings.  That's not what we do.  
Plus if it were tried, the surge in people trying to convert to segwit BEFORE the flag day would crash the mempool.   
Keep in mind, if you set the fork to require only 65% miner threshold AND then require coinbase rewards only to be valid if spent to SegWit addresses (enforced by all nodes which would drop coinbase spends to old addy's) you'll get the miners along quick.
But again, the flag day can only be "after this date, you must spend TO SegWit"   That makes the conversion happen orderly, and is not destructive of existing holdings.  
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:33:52
You have to admit it is amusing. 
This sub went all "torches and pitchforks" about Coinbase.  
A fucking Jihad (which I pointed out was a little overheated) over delays on SegWit.   After shitting on Coinbase all week, now are we supposed to be surprised when they support the other coin?  
For what it's worth, I agree with you.   If this Sub has to lobby, cajole, and threaten exchanges to beat out the other coin, that would be a sad state of things.   
We can win on the merits.  The markets and the public will decide.   Bitcoin is kicking ass, back up to 17K already.   Everyone should stop the circular firing squad already. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 14:38:22
Sorry guys, but the other coin is a blip.    If four of our BTC pools got together, they could do a deep rewrite of the other coin chain in an hour that would kill that chain dead.  
This was irrational exuberance by people who decided they'd get rich in a month from Bitcoin.  
"Long Island Blockchain" was the signal to sell.   When cooler heads return, everything will be fine. 
If anything this is good as it will reduce transaction pressure on the mempool and get us some time to get Lightning rolled out for mainstream
@_date: 2017-12-02 05:09:07
"The more you tighten your grip, the more star systems will slip through your fingers"
@_date: 2017-12-29 20:49:14
The issue in general is immutability.   THE basic Satoshi blockchain innovation.   There are other problems for the fork using the same PoW with vastly lower hashes than the world can point at its chain:  Coinbase funds.   On our chain, these funds cannot be spent until ther are 100 confirmations.   To REALLY be safe from an attack, the other chain OUGHT to be sequestering those coins for 900 (at the moment, it gets more or less skewed at any particular time) confirmations.  
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:56:52
Awesome!   Lets roll this tech out to mainstream deployment ASAFP!
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:36:57
Oh, my god.   I hate all these people coming in who have no IDEA how Bitcoin works. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:25:49
Bear with me, but consider it this way:
We need to whip the miners and the exchanges into line. 
With a mere 65% adoption requirement for hard-fork, the miners that activate will immediately scoop up all those fees in the mempool.   Huge incentive.   The other miners will be left in the cold if they do not come along.  The exchanges will have to support Bitcoin Core, and it will demonstrate to the world that our Core team and our Core users own the Bitcoin space. 
Further, it will take transaction fees back to a good place and chew up some news cycles that upstart alts are using to try and smear the real Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 02:11:11
Well, I'm more pragmatic.   During the debate, I was not opposed to a modest base block size increase on the basis that you take rough measures to scale as you first roll out the tech, with an eye toward the more finesse options (like Lightning) later.  
But what I will say is that this sort of "hair on fire" reaction to a little market turmoil would be absolutely terrible for the coin's reputation for careful and considered development.  
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:40:02
Thanks for the links.   I'm forwarding them to my friend.   I realize I'm not exactly being flattering about her nay-saying here, so I don't think I'll share the thread itself.  
@_date: 2017-03-29 17:59:15


Well, there's the chicken-egg problem set forth in lights for all to see.  IF there were a separate written "protocol" somewhere and a consensus on how that protocol gets adopted, you might have a point.   But historically, the code has been the protocol.  And the CODE of Bitcoin is that SegWit is only part of the protocol if 95% of miners lock it in over a period of 2016 blocks between two difficulty adjustments (BIP9).   I would love to have a separate "protocol" but how do we decide consensus is established?  Vote of the nodes?  What about the Sybil problem?   Vote of the Core developers?  We'll have shitheads coming out of the woodwork with blockstream conspiracies.   What Satoshi intended?   Well, he though everyone would be on SPV except mining nodes, and did not seem to anticipate the separation of mining and full nodes that developed.   If you have a solution, I'm glad to hear it... but as it stands right now the "Code is the Protocol" and the Code on my node says SegWit gets activated one it hits 95% of mined blocks during a difficulty period.   UASF is, for practical purposes, a Sybil attack that could be used to get us from 85% or 90% over the hump by, basically, abusing the miners who do not come along.   A better result, in the future, would be to lower the activation threshold to 70% or something like that. 




If we have a PoW change then, by definition, we have 100% of the miners (those running the new PoW) supporting the change.   
That's a pure hard fork, of course, with all the risks and brain damage.  Sometimes it seems like we're looking at a Tijuana standoff whenever there are strong opinions on both sides.  Maybe that's good for Bitcoin, in that its predicable and a part of its strength is that it is obdurate to most changes in direction. 
@_date: 2017-03-10 23:25:32
That's a nice write up _nullc.  
But, even as a SegWit supporter I find it a little grotesque though.   At best, its opportunistic piling on.  At worst, its got the feel of a press release planned a part of the stunt all along.  (Really hope I'm just all wet on that speculation). 
Seriously, though.... Some Questions:
1.   Can you confirm no one on the Core team assisted the person who caused the miner to insert the malleated transactions in blocks with coding, maths, or the like? 
2.  Did anyone on the Core team know this was going to happen before hand?   
3.  Can core please come out and, once again, let people know they should do this sort of thing on the test-net, and not where the attack would impact real world actors like bcinfo?   I don't care someone makes a youtube video explaining how the brand of locks on my house are sub-par.  That's a nice demonstration that doesn't hurt anyone.   But if someone does that on the locks installed in my front door, its still breaking and entering.  Its still an ATTACK.  Its not a "test." 
3.  Malleability can be fixed with a soft-core change to Core that is not tied to SegWit, correct?   I asked a question about this in another thread and someone said BIP-62 or BIP-146 would have prevented this.  Given SegWit is hung up in controversy, then why not a soft fork specific and focused on fixing Malleability?   Put differently, and perhaps a too cynically (hey, I'm in a sour mood today), are you TRULY advocating fixing malleability or using this to push adoption of SegWit which happens to include a fix among evertything else? 
My own speculation is that a pure malleability fix soft fork would be adopted by 95% quickly and with no headaches.  
@_date: 2017-03-27 16:57:47
There are a dozen people who are contributors and whose skill and leadership have earned the respect of the community.   
- You know these people.  On a first name basis I dare say.  
- There is a software code repo where we can see the list of smart and dedicated persons who put the work and brainpower into the core software.  
- We see IRC meeting minutes posted on Reddit with lists of these people.  We watch their contributions and see their influence on the betterment of Bitcoin.    We also get the comic relief section.   I have heard more about some devs' sense of humor than I have about what they think of HK terms and a 2MB block increase coupled with SegWit , UASF, or questions of possible PoW change to deal with cartel behavior by the miners.  
- My Bitcoin Node software says that it is "copyright the Bitcoin Core developers"
With due respect, "the gentleman doth protest too much..."   The core team may change  and might be as amorphous and "rag tag" as the group of poker players that come to my house every other Saturday to play HoldEm.   But just as most people in my group of friends know the regulars at my card game, the Bitcoin community knows who the Core team is by and large.   
@_date: 2017-03-13 02:37:34
Holy shit, you guys.  Is this a serious thing?  
I think some "chill-out" time is called for just about now.  
Deep breath.  
All the concerns the devs have put out there about the practical, technical, and market risks of a hard fork (especially in the context of blocksize for example) are here in SPADES with this little gambit. 
As I read this, we will have a bunch of Nodes out there that separate and appart from the existing BITCOIN PROTOCOL, are programmed to reject blocks for political reasons (failure to signal SegWit) despite the fact such blocks ARE valid bitcoin blocks and ontain no malformation nor any violation of the rules...     
Because if you do this, you may as well have those nodes adopt their own new form of proof of work and take ALL mining back to the nodes.  (Hell, maybe someone can even come up with a memory bandwidth hard PoW that might get it to stick there).    
And, truly, that's the EXACT sort of "fuck you" this would be to (at current) something like 73% of the existing hashpower securing our network.   
Putting that aside for a second, lets wargame this briefly from the point those blocks would start getting rejected (there's an added complication if you include any delay between flag day and that activation point, but that's the subject of another post). 
Here's some stark reality:   If this occurs, there will a couple of Node count arms races, but the one I concern myself with here is the one before activation of the rejection mechanism.   
Team A (the folks who have now apparently decided that SegWit is the hill on which Bitcoin should live or die) will spin up cloud instances of the Node code that has the rejection mechanism.  
Team B  (the folks over on BTC, mavericks like  Mircea Popescu, people associated with Ethereum, Dash and every other alt-coin that stands to gain from Bitcoin's self-immolation, and miners who either oppose SegWit, or merely oppose this kind of bullshit arm twisting) will spin up nodes of Bitcoin software that do NOT include the rejection code. 
Actually, the second batch is the only one that matters -- because it ensures there will be a LOT of valid, working, BITCOIN Nodes that are not programmed to reject othweriwse valide blocks based on a failure to signal for SegWit. 
Now, call the first block number your Nodes decide to reject (again, despite being a protocol VALID bitcoin block) "X"
What IS that block? WHere did it come from?
Well, a bunch of USERS (remember them, the people with unspent outputs and the keys to spend those outputs -- i.e., the pool of existing value in the currency?) make transactions.   
They did so with an intention of wanting to exchange their Bitcoins for whatever they're using this medium of exchange to buy, obtain, trade, whatever. 
So those Users' transactions get folded into a block, and that block does not flag SegWit.    So some (but not all, because of the node count arms race) nodes reject that block. 
I guess you guys are presuming that the miners who are CURRENTLY signaling support for SegWit will run the protocol defying client.  That's a hell of an assumption, but OK, lets run with it.  
What that means is that the SegWit "side's" miners will also ignore the block and continue trying to build a bock, call it X' that DOES signal SegWit.  
If that were to occur right now, however, there's only a roughly 1 in 3 to 1 in 4 chance that the non-SegWit-flagging block filter colluding miners would find a block before the REST of the miners build another block on top of the X block that your nodes are now rejecting. 
So, most likely, the state of the system approx 10 to 30  minutes after this stunt begins (again, assuming the roughly 3:1  SegWit breakdown among hashpower at present) would be:
Regular Chain:  X, X+1
Alternative Chain:  X'
Some nodes (which, again, I would argue are the protocol breakers because they refuse to recognize a valid block just because it does not signal SegWit) will treat the Alternative Chain as the longest. 
Every existing version of the Bitcoin software prior to the one containing that code, however, will treat the Regular Chain as the one representing the most work. 
Meanwhile, so long as the hash power is as it is now (with a large majority NOT signaling SegWit) the number of blocks on the Regular chain will outpace the number of blocks in the Alternative chain. 
One problem for all of us that creeps in about this point is that difficulty remains the same, but now not all of the hashpower is working on the same chain.  So blocks will start taking longer.  The miners running the modified node software that rejects otherwise valid blocks if they do not signal SegWit, at current support levels, will slow down a lot more.    Were this scenario run today, they'd slow down to a 40 minute average while the rest of the miners would bang out blocks on a 13 to 14 minute average. 
After an hour or so of this insanity, it might might look like this:
Regular chain:  X, X+1, X+2, X+3
Alternative chain:  X', X'+1
Even a 53 to 47, or 51 to 49 advantage to the non-block-rejecting hashpower will result in a measurable  disparity after a while.   
And if a difficulty adjustment occurs in the middle of this mess, yeah both groups will be adjusted so their portion of the hash power gets closer to 10 minute blocks again.   But the amount of work represented by a block in the chain with the larger hash (right now, the blocks that arent' signaling SegWit) would still represent more work. 
Meanwhile, once this is all underway, all sorts of shenanigans becomes possible.  People can query nodes by version number and, therefore, start spending the same coins on each chain by picking and choosing how they're announced. 
And the wallets?   Are you guys reprogramming the wallets?  Because the wallets and the entire structure of support for the wallets follows the ACTUAL Bitcoin protocol, right?   So, riddle me this:  Why would a wallet ignore the transactions in Block X, especially once its stacked up some confirmations and remains on the longer chain representing more work?
What are the exchanges supposed to do?   The only way they can act on any of the X' blocks is to ignore the Bitcoin protocol, right?  Or are they supposed to reprogram their software too?  Is that what these written "side agreements" are for?   How are you going to get those agreements?  Is money changing hands?  Do I have a claim against an exchange if it enters into a Civil Conspiracy to act contrary to the Bitcoin protocol by rejecting blocks that the protocol says are valid, especially once convirmed as being on the chain with the most work?   
Let me just say that if we were dealing with "minority apathy" as the reason SegWit wasn't catching (i.e., if we were sitting at 87% of miners flagging support for a long time) this idea would work fine.   Because the nodes breaking the Bitcoin protocol (by rejecting otherwise valid blocks -- have I said that enough times?) would be countermanding the activity of a minority of the hashpower.   Thus, by definition, the rejected blocks would not become the longer chain. 
But against a strong majority of the existing hashpower proceeding in line with the existing Bitcoin protocol (i.e., the 3/4ths of the miners who are not signaling SegWit), this gambit it does not work for even a majority of nodes to get anything done except throw our entire ecosystem into shambles.
So fucking stop it with this nonsense already. 
@_date: 2017-03-29 14:23:05


REALLY hate that characterization. 
They don't have to "leave Bitcoin for something else" to be a problem.  They merely have to continue to process 100% protocol compliant Bitcoin blocks that happen not to signal SegWit. 
Forget about BU for a second.   Less that 1/3 of the last 1000 blocks signaled SegWit.    Most (but possibly not all, due to the precautionary principle) of that hashpower will probably take up and deploy UASF code, meaning those miners will only build on a chain containing UASF signals. 
But the rest of the miners, whether they are voicing favor for bigger blocks or not, will operate as they always have.  Once the UASF network participants fail to recognize a non SegWit signaling block, that block will STILL be built upon by all the rest of that hash rate. 
I think UASF is a great solution for a scenario where a strong majority of hash power signals SegWit, and we need some "force" to push it over the finish line to get to 95%.
But no one has convinced me that deploying UASF against a super majority of hash rate that is not signaling SegWit will lead to anything other than a disorderly chain-fork where all the UASF nodes and the minority of SegWit miners orphan themselves from the much longer chain that is able to process transactions at a much faster rate and as to which there is no way for the users, thin wallets, etc., to avoid having their transactions included even if they wanted to. 
Bitcoin requires protocol changes, whether hard or soft fork, to be supported by a majority of miners and nodes.   Practicality also requires that the changes be supported by a majority of the wallets and exchanges, though that's not a function of the protocol but of the market.   
@_date: 2017-03-29 15:17:23


Careful!   Its not two weeks.   Its 2016 blocks.    Keep in mind that if ONLY the roughly 1/4 to 1/3 of the hash power that has been signaling SegWit since November takes up and deploys UASF code (which is to say they refuse to build on blocks that don't signal SegWit and which the UASF Nodes aren't recognizing or relaying) then due to whatever the then-present difficulty is set at, that 1/4 to 1/3 will be building blocks at 30 to 40 minute intervals on average instead of 10 minute intervals, at least until difficulty adjusts.    That means it will take 6 to 8 weeks, which is the reason this is being adjusted to "start" earlier. 
BY the way, I agree with your breakdown but make one important observation:   There is NO WAY for transactors who are not running UASF nodes to prevent their transactions from being incorporated into perfectly compliant Bitcoin blocks that do not signal SegWit but which the (currently majority) of the miners will be building on once the UASF rejections cause a chainfork.   The only way to keep those transactions from landing in (and getting much faster confirmations) on the non-SegWit signaling chain would be to change the transaction protocol.   That's a hard fork. 
Its the reason, as I posted before that UASF is best suited for a scenario where the soft for DOES enjoy a significant majority of miner support, but not the 95% needed.  In that scenario, the UASF fork will become the longer chain and compel the miners to come on board. 
Where the majority of miners are not (but a significant factor as present) signaling for the softfork change, then UASF behaves as a hard fork and, thus, to compel it to work one would also have to change POW to make all the UASF nodes into the entirety of a new mining network, or as noted above, change the transaction format.  Those are big changes, risky changes, and not the kind of thing that the user ought to be rolling out willy-nilly without review, endorsement, and testing by the Core team.  
@_date: 2017-03-19 23:35:11
Here's a little thought experiment for you. 
If a listed dev. for another coin posted a project like this that the Core devs were explicitly opposed to, how long do you think that thread would last on My sense is that by and large the Core team (and pretty much all of Blockstream) are standing back and being very careful about jumping in to support, oppose, or tweak the UASF project.   There is too much polarization by name right now, so they're wanting to let the community debate the merits on substance first and foremost. 
I do believe before we get too much further down the road, we'll hear from members of the Core team with some detailed insight.  I'm looking forward to it.   My personal view is that activating this in an environment where only a minority of miners are flagging SegWit cannot be successful unless its accompanied by a POW chane so that all UASF nodes also become mining nodes.  
@_date: 2017-03-21 16:50:00
Now would be the time for us to hear from the rockstars in the core team about the risk / reward profile of UASF and any potential problems. 
I'm still stuck on a single point.   Its not just the 36+% of miners signaling for BU that we need to worry about.   Its the entire realm of hashrate that is NOT included in the SegWit signaling group of about 26% of miners right now.
INACTION, which is to say, apathy seems a real risk here.  Miners who have not been motivated to change to flag SegWit by threats of UASF, by the entire dialog of SW discussion, puzzle me.   Seems like signaling SW is the safe move, and yet they are not.  Which may mean they're actually opposed.  
If they do nothing, and given how well the miners are connected to each other and the fact there will be plenty of non UASF nodes still around to relay blocks the UASF clients reject, my perception is this triggers a fork and puts UASF nodes and the UASF rules respecting miners connected to UASF exit nodes in the minority hash rate.   I've posted before that the only way I see UASF having a guarantee of success when confronting a MAJORITY of hash rate that has not yet signaled SegWit is to also make the UASF nodes new PoW nodes, so that its a true, clean, hardfork.    
At any rate, I don't care if a bounty is paid, offered, collected, celebrated or whatever.   I'm not upgrading my core node unless its after the CORE TEAM officially says "this is safe, this is the risk profile, we're comfortable proceeding." 
@_date: 2017-03-27 06:02:50
I understand the sentiment.   Really I do. 
But I'm not evaluating the "risk of 2MB" forck versus the risk of Status Quo.  
But that's not the roadway we see in front of us....
On one hand, we're seeing folks clearly contemplating a UASF.  Never been done before.   Now, if we had 90% of the miners signaling SegWit and needed to nudge a very small minority of miners back onto the reservation (or more accurately, marginalize and ignore them by freezing them off the chain), then a UASF "forced activation" scenario by ignoring blocks that fail to flag would work.   But as things stand ... where this gambit will be playing into a majority of hash power that is NOT signaling SegWit, its going to be just as or more risky than what is traditionally viewed as a hardfork.   The chain will fork.   And the UASF (SegWit) side will have the minority of hash with all the problems that presents in any chainfork.  
Then there's BU, Classic and that whole situation.  Also a "hard fork" potentially on the horizon  (when you add the blocks from the last 24h I estimate between BU and Classic miners w/ 45% of the hash power are onboard... that's perilously close to having a majority, and game theory says that if they break 51% that's a big psychological thing and may see more miners come over).  The BU/Classic style EC hardfor is exponentially more dangerous compared to the orderly rollout scenario the team in HK negotiated.   
So among those potholes in the road, I think now is the time for Core to pull the plug on the upstart.   They can do so, or continue to pretend that they're aloof from this whole thing.  
And the beauty of it is that Core does not have to "concede" anything, not really.   They simply need to say:  "We are standing firm on what that HK document says:   SegWit + 2MB.   We're putting it all in one client, all with a BIP9 activation.   Lock in of SegWit locks in the 2 MB thing (however it is phased to be safest from the engineers' perspective).  Now, take it or leave it.  
And you know what, after the drama of the last several weeks in particular, people will take it.   
I cannot believe the Core team wants to stand by on some strange matter of principle and let a contentious, disorderly, potentially buggy, certainly architecturally screwed up (when you thing of EC) fork even attempted.    Nor do I think it makes sense to encourage this UASF siliness, which has all the risk of a hard fork and at least thus far not even a small percentage of the planning and evaluation as a soft fork scenario.  
Just my few Satoshis.   Thanks for the good exchange.  Goodnight. 
@_date: 2017-03-10 16:29:58
What in the fuck is wrong with you people?  
Messing with users, messing with providers, messing with infrastructure to prove a point and try and leverage adoption of SegWit is terrible optics.  
Here's a quote:  "Luca Brasi held a gun to his head, and my father assured him that either his brains or his signature would be on the contract."
When you take actions that resemble organized crime that's not persuasion, its coercion.  It suggests to those who have not been paying attention that your position cannot be supported logically, and that you have to resort to force to compel people to go your way. 
Serious question:  Can anyone give me a proof that SegWit softfork would have prevented this? 
@_date: 2017-03-17 14:52:12
I know you're being careful not to put a thumb on the scale (and that's def commendable), but do you agree with my post in this thread that the only real way for this UASF to be assured of "catching" would be to accompany it by a change of PoW so that its 100% assured that the UASF nodes are also the entirety of the hashpower on the resulting network?   Also, do you agree that at the end of the day, the only real solution to the fact that mining has become so centralized and hostile (or apathetic) to the rest of the network is to fork PoW and take that power away from them?  I know these are controversial issues, but its important for some of us to hear from the real SME's like you on practical realities.  
@_date: 2017-03-17 14:07:14
See my comments above. 
Suppose that the hashpower remains divided as it is now:  
a. roughly 1/3 signaling SegWit readines; 
b. roughly 1/3 doing no signaling; and 
c. roughly 1/3 signaling big blocks support
Presume the "a" group upgrades their mining nodes to the version that rejects blocks that don't signal SegWit support, and that "b" and "c" groups do not.  
Where am I wrong that there will be a contentious fork caused by this in the absence of ALSO rolling out a new PoW so that the UASF Nodes BECOME the entirety of the resulting hash power of the network?  
@_date: 2017-03-20 17:48:07
Of course, if it makes sense to blast out a new POW in your scenario (i.e., immediately on forking), then if one really believes in Core's vision and competence, it makes sense to go ahead and enable the POW fork IMMEDIATELY before BU even can claim a majority of hashpower.  
But that's a double edged sword, because the predicable reaction is that those SHA256 miners would then have only one place to go, i.e., to the BU chain.   
Suddenly, both chains will be hammering out blocks on 10 minute intervals.  All replay risk for both chains could be mitigated by having the Core chain adopt SegWit as a mandatory change (PoW is a hard fork after all).  
At that point it would really be the "best team wins" but I fear with any significant volume (as we ought to expect with this sort of stuff going on), the BU chain could absorb the volume better than even the segwit enabled additional capacity of the Core chain. 
Hard to wargame this situation, for sure. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 02:05:59
I wish I knew more details about Lightning in practical terms. 
When you say "low/none" LN fees, that seems to suggest there could be LN fees.   
Who gets those fees?  The Bitcoin miners?  The LN hubs?   Who? 
@_date: 2017-03-26 18:10:54
If you're going to push UASF into the core codebase to give users a choice, I suggest you play the role of a hero and also code the alternative:  an option to flag SegWit + a block size increase from 1MB to 2MB phased in over 24 months following activation of SegWit, with increases at each difficulty readjustment until 2MB of base blocksize is achieved.    
I guaranty it would take the wind out of the BU camp sales, all the miners running BU code would abandon it and run the new Core code, SegWit would be adopted the right way (through BIP9 not this crazy UASF windmill tilting by nodes) and our Bitcoin will shoot to the MOON. 
Truly I believe its time for the Core team to step up and lead.  That means putting in the code in the Core software to meet the letter and spirit of the Hong Kong agreement.  Let the miners see the clear choice between continued brinkmanship or accepting what they agreed on in Hong Kong and moving on. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 18:10:08
Did you invent an extension to  Schnorr signatures of some type?   God my maths are rusty and dusty.  
@_date: 2017-03-21 23:08:08
I'm not a super sleuth, but tracing back the chain... are those coins originating where it looks like they are?   
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:01:37
So if friends of mine are running Bitmain miners pointed at Slush and voting for SegWit, what, you orphan their blocks?
By the way:   To adopt that change = hard fork.  
By the way 2:  This is the dangerous downside of pretending enthusiasts are fully qualified to propose and roll out fundamental protocol changes.  Its  a bad odor that's coming from a LOT of mistaken impressions on how UASF could or might work, and its not helping.   
@_date: 2017-03-17 04:52:16
As a practical matter, and even if the hash-power of miners that is not signaling SegWit is due to apathy rather than opposition, a UASF cannot succeed when it is not ALSO adopted by at least 51% of the miners, without ALSO having the UASF nodes roll out a new proof of work and turning all the nodes rejecting non SegWit blocks into miners of a new fork using new proof of work. 
The miners are well connected to each other.  Failure to relay non signaling blocks will not prevent the (currently) super majority of non-segwit signaling hash fork from continuing to build the pre-fork chain, and faster, than the miners that do signal SegWit blocks.   
Again, using today's roughly (just under) 1/3 percentage of the miners that ARE signaling SegWit, what that means is that immediately after this goes into effect and the modified clients start rejecting blocks, the segwit signaling miners will slow down to a 40 minute block production average average while the rest of the miners would bang out blocks on a 13 to 14 minute average.  
The moment this would go into effect, a fork would occur with the nonsegwit signaling miners immediately a block ahead -- they'll just go on building building on the block the (currently) minority of the nodes aren't relaying and that, presumably, any miners running the new code would also reject.  (If some of the currently SegWit ready signaling miners do not upgrade to this code, they will happily build on those blocks as well). 
And because the miners are so well connected, its very unlikely that the non-segwit signalers will be able to prevent the current majority hashrate of unmodified clients from seeing those blocks and building a chain off of them. 
After a difficulty adjustment or two, this would even out, but the fork of the chain representing the non UASF ecosystem will be ahead. 
I suppose one angle here is that there will be off-chain agreements that would keep exchanges from recognizing the longer chain.  Hence, the miners would not get to convert their block rewards to fiat (or even relay transactions from those blocks over the new code nodes), but game theory suggests that this creates a classic prisoners' dilemma and there will be defectors.   
And that's before the giant mess in terms of the perception of Bitcoin in the market and the issue with outputs from the pre-fork blockchain state starting to get included in blocks mined on both chains.
Right now, about a third of the miners are big-blockers.  Another third are signaling SegWit.   The third that aren't doing either right now are either apathetic, or they're opposed to SegWit.  (I suppose some of them could be big blockers, but withholding signaling for SegWit out of a desire for a bloksize increase from the more trusted Core team instead of a smaller team's alternative client). 
But whatever the reason, there's no guaranty that just implementing UASF in the Nodespace will address this problem.   That's why the only way this would work would be to also adopt a change in Proof of Work, so that the Nodes running the new code are also mining it. 
Personally, I wouldn't be opposed to that.   I find the miner concentration intolerable.  There's some truly anti-competative behavior (manufacturers mining on the newest gen of ASIC for MONTHS before making these available to the rest of the network in quantity, for example, and then there's the nonsense with empty blocks which provide no benefit to the network despite paying the miners a lot of coin for that opportunistic nonsense.   
If such a new POW were considered, it ought to run SHA256(SHA256(X)) where X is the current header and nonce structure xored by a mask value created by running a storage, bandwidth, and memory intensive function against a portion of the entire existing blockchain with the mask value changing with every nonce.   I'm talking about a function that would storage of the entire blockchain (mining nodes couldn't be pruned nodes), and with the creation of intermediate data set derived from the existing block chain in the gigabytes range, and lots of bandwidth and memory hard (i.e., not easily unrolled) calculations so that it limits how cost effectively the new work system could be implemented on ASIC. 
Sounds drastic, I know, but if we're going to run the risk to the ecosystem by going to war with miners (which regardless of how you dress it up is what a UASF is), then we ought to be sure to win that war and get some upside in terms of reducing centralization as well.  Back to one cpu one vote, yada yada.  
@_date: 2017-03-11 01:44:12
I know BIP62 was withdrawn.   As I (a decidedly much less technical person that the devs posting rt now) read it, however, part of BIP146 would have prevented the attack performed here. 
(And yes, I'll continue to call it an attack.   If I mail a registered letter, and the post office opens and discards my envelope, and repackages the letter in a new envelope with the same addresses to and from, but with a new registered mail tracking number (so that I can no longer track the letter using the number I obtained when I first mailed the letter) that is still an attack even if the letter gets where its going. 
For some reason, I thought that the stuff in 146 was all going to be rolled into SegWit, but googling around suggests that not all of it was.  Still not clear to me whether seg wit would have prevented the miner from doing this or not. 
@_date: 2017-03-22 01:53:14
Has the UASF proposal been retooled?  
Because I thought the point of it was to basically do a two-stepper:
Step 1, UASF coded nodes begin rejecting any blocks that don't flag SegWit. 
This continues for a period of time, specifically until the UASF nodes and miners signaling SegWit have among themselves strung 95% of the blocks THEY recognize between two difficulty retarget points as SW blocks -- so that goes on for 2016 blocks at least. 
Step 2:  Then SegWit is locked in, but SegWit transactions don't start working for ANOTHER 2016 blocks. 
SegWit doesn't just start working on UASF activation, unless I'm much mistaken.   When UASF goes online, there is rejection of blocks that don't flag SW in order to "force" BIP9 consensus.  
@_date: 2017-03-17 23:10:22
Since you were involved in drafting the document, I'm curious:  The statement appears to address a situation where a fork occurs due to BU starting to mine a chain with bigger blocks.   
But what about the other fork scenario that is brewing and seems increasingly likely to occur first:  A UASF where the vast majority of nodes, but (presently) only about 1/3 of hash power, would be rejecting blocks mined on the CURRENT CANONICAL protocol rules and fully compliant with every prior client, but rejected for failure to flag SegWit readiness? 
As I read the statement from the exchanges, since that would presumably be released as a core client, then even if it were a minority hashrate chain at first...   so long as it came from Core the exchanges would still treat our chain (ultimately the SegWit chain on activation) as the "real" BTC / Bitcoin, right?   That's important to understand, because it seems the UASF is counting on the exchanges as supporting the transition to SegWit. 
Also, on the other hand, any worries about a slippery slope here?   I'm not nearly as paranoid about Core and tinfoil conspiracies as some folks, but I would hope that if Core suddenly got captured by the US .GOV or something and, for example, changed the protocol to increase the total number of coins mined, or to add centralization or KYC AML backdoors for the government, the Exchanges oughtn't be so fast to give deference to the resulting abomination being "Bitcoin."
@_date: 2017-03-22 19:11:33
One thing I hate about how polarized things have become is that both sides get a little too enamored with over the top hyperbole.
The reality is that Satoshi's code and approach to coding did leave some technical debt.   One was the use of assert() in ways that would get you a bad grade in a programming class. 
Greg Maxwell fixed some of these himself in the Core code as long ago as 2013.   Assert should not call functions that change the state, yet that was happening.  The result was that Core (which is to say Greg) appears to have gone in and fixed it where possible, and then required the code to get compiled with debugging enabled to ensure functionality anywhere else it was happening, and the Core team has obviously worked to avoid the issue going forward.  
That said, I'm not sure its entirely accurate to call the code "runtime state corruption protection."    Assert is supposed to permit catching programming errors during debugging not runtime errors, which in ideal code is addressed through robust error handling.  
The error handling, again in an ideal world, would distinguish between an incongruous state in anything that has something to do with crypto, transaction ordering, consensus rules and terminate the program gracefully in such cases; and take bugs like what took down BU last night (a bug in responding to intentionally bad thinblock requests) and fail over as appropriate (do nothing in response to the request that generated the error, and log the error). 
The fact BU isn't ready for the prime time does not mean the core code is delightfully pure and pristine.  The core team is constantly improving it, but it is silly to pretend there aren't kludges in any project.  
Its one reason I continue to think that there needs to be a FORMAL bitcoin spec separate from the code, and sooner rather than later.  
Another thing that I believe Core needs to consider in the long run is changing the license to a "Bitcoin-specific" open source license that carries all the open source  protections, but deems unlicensed any use of the code that fails to comply with the explicit consensus rules set out in the spec, or which have not been adopted through for example a BIP9 process.   Then upstarts like BU would have to code their own stuff.   Core's got the funds, talent and motivation to protect the network through appropriate license terms and should do so ASAP. 
@_date: 2017-03-20 17:29:19
Assuming that BU were to activate with like 75% of the hashing power,  I'm not sure a 51% attack would even be necessary to kill the Core chain.  
The moment 75% of SHA256 miners start making big blocks, the Core nodes and miners will be reduced to finding a block only every 40 minutes.   It will take 4 times as long to get to the next difficulty adjustment for the shorter chain.   
Meanwhile, users will see no EFFECTIVE dip on processing time on the BU chain, the chain with 75% of the hash power will be humming along at a 13.5 minute average block time.   That's advantage enough, but as a practical matter it will be even worse because while they'll have that slight drop in block processing time, they'll be rolling out big blocks which will include 2x 3x 5x whatever transactions per block.  
Users will be faced with "use the currency on the new chain," or "sit around and wait" on the Core chain. 
Philosophy is great, but if tokens cannot be spent or received in a timely fashion, the market will decide on the BU chain by default.  
The way Bitcoin works REALLY favors the longer chain. 
@_date: 2017-03-27 02:10:07
You're right.  But a lot of those that did were miners, including Bitmain.   More importantly, my perception is that the vaunted (at least for UASF purposes) "economic majority" -- which is to say virtually everyone except for the small minority that that rage-quite the scene or were never, ever, going to come on board were VERY satisfied with the Hong Kong terms.   
And 1 megabyte of additional base block space over two years would be a small price to pay to get the miners off the brink, to get SegWit activated this year, and to put this mess behind us. 
The Core team is in the position to pull that agreement out of the drawer, and say "Things got weird.  Everyone is agitated.  Let us be the side to reaffirm those terms, to put the code into the client and see what happens."
A huge number of those running BU and Classic would come around, it seems to me.  And more importantly, the miners who aligned with them out of their disappointed expectations at the Hong Kong thing get to save face, and come on back to the team for the big win. 
Its really a no-brainer at this point.  We all know that SegWit update will not be instant, and I commend for his candor in saying it will not be an instant realization of 1.7mb effective block size.   But struck very reasonable terms in Hong Kong.  We've all experienced the mess from the disregard of that solution, regardless of whose fault it is.   
Its time to put this to bed.  We don't just have buggy 'official' alt clients... now we have overzealous Core supporters compiling and DEPLOYING preliminary UASF code with bugs as well.  Its turning into a circus.   Core is in the position to stand up and get it on track again.   I hope they will.   
@_date: 2017-03-29 22:51:30


In fairness, BIP16 was explicit that majority hash support as determined by, if memory serves, 7 days of blocks with a requirement of signaling for the P2SH at 55% -- was REQUIRED. 
IF UASF had that same requirement, there would not be a risk of a self imposed chain fork with all the UASF nodes and the UASF code deploying minority of miners stuck working on the shorter chain.
The money quote from BIP16 was something to the effect that if the majority of hash support was not there during the measurement period, the rollout of p2sh would be postponed or abandoned.  
In other words, these Apples aren't Oranges.   I'm not sure I like those apples, and my belief is SegWit would ought to have been deployed with a 55% threshold like P2SH instead of with a 95% threshold.   While a 95% requirement would have been appropriate for a hard fork, its puzzling to me why the devs would have gone through all the work to build in backward compatibility (with its technical debt, etc.) so as to make it a soft fork, and then adopt a self-imposed nearly impossible to achieve threshold to the upgrade.  
The thing about it is that if it had been a 55% trigger as with P2SH, I doubt the BU folks would have gotten the steam they have now.  Instead, we'd probably have SegWit in place within a few weeks of last November, the block congestion would have been alleviated, and the onus for the big blockers would have been removed.  
 
@_date: 2017-03-20 17:14:49
Respectfully, I think the editorializing about PayPal 2.0 is only going to push more miners to BU. 
It can be cited as support for the perception that Core didn't actually oppose larger blocks because of the risk to the network or aversion to forks, but merely as a function of whether Core thinks the decision will threaten Lightning or not.   That's not my view, but making the PayPal comments can be read that way.  And the emerging buzz is really starting to suggest that the Miners are most concerned about lightning hitting their fees.  I don't see any reason to feed the fans of that flame. 
Regardless, we are now very close to zero-hour, d-day.   I don't think there should be threats or overtures or talking to death of PoW change.   If the miners are not moved, their most likely reaction will be to quickly jump into and activate a BU larger blocks chain to preempt the Core team.   
But, all that said, here is an idea:   Why couldn't core commit that for a side-chain to be validated by the Bitcoin system, the side chain would need to run SHA256(SHA256(header)) as its sidechain POW?    That would assure miners that they would be "in" on the growth of the off-network solutions. 
But, whether its compromise, or conflict... its time to DO something.  Core tends to be really cerebral and so you guys over-talk and over think things sometimes.   The big blockers are inside your OODA loop.   Its time to take action.   
"When you have to shoot, shoot!  Don't talk." 
--Tuco Benedicto Pacifico Juan Maria Ramirez
@_date: 2017-03-25 19:36:52
No, they don't.   Because nodes and miners that do not run UASF code will build a longer chain from the fork that occurs the moment the UASF folks reject a block (call it X) that does not flag SegWit. 
The miners themselves are well connected.   There will be nodes that are not running UASF code to relay those blocks. 
When block X comes down the pipe from a non UASF / non SegWit miner, the UASF nodes will ignore it.   But the SHA256 miners that aren't enforcing UASF will have the block relayed to them (probably directly from the miner who finds it, otherwise from the miners' close in nodes).   They will add block X to their chain and keep going. 
Meanwhile, the UASF folks will have ignored block X.   Eventually, the (currently very much minority of hash power) miners who do signal SegWit at present and are assumed will adopt UASF code will mine a different block of the same number as X, call it X'.
The miners and nodes that already accepted block X will ignore X' because they saw the X version first.   
Now its a race for the next block (X+1 or X'+1).   At present hash rates (again assuming the currently signaling SegWit miners adopt UASF code and the rest of the miners do not), there's a greater than 2:1 chance that the non UASF miners find the next block.  
If the non UASF hashpower wins the battle for the next block, the fork gets extended.  Why?   Because all the UASF nodes will reject X+1 because its going, again, to fail to signal SegWit and the UASF code ignores any such block.   But the 2/3 of the hashpower that's not currently signaling SegWit and therefore cannot be expected to run UASF code will accept X+1 on the chain, and then continue to mine on the chain of X, X+1, looking for X+2. 
On the other hand, if the UASF side lucks out this time, then X'+1 will be folded right in by the UASF nodes and miners, and the non UASF part of the network would do a reorg, discarding X, and starting to build on top of X', and X'+1.     Temporary victory for the UASF side. 
But with a 2:1 advantage in hash power, over time the outcome will be an enduring fork.   Its twice as likely every new block that the hash power that will not have implemented UASF code will build on the chain that includes blocks already rejected (which MUST be rejected) by the UASF part of the network. 
No matter what the disparity in NODE count, as long as there are enough non UASF nodes to see each other and the miners who have not adopted SegWit flagging, that will continue. 
After 24 hours, the UASF part of the network will have found on average 48 blocks.   During that same 24 hours, the part of the network that has not rolled out UASF code will have found 96 blocks.  
We can expect a transaction backlog to develop as the battle of the blocks will create a lot of action in the markets as people buy, sell, and transfer blocks to try and protect their position or speculate on the outcome.   But the blocks will be a mess.  There will be transactions the UASF folks roll into UASF blocks, that will already have been put into (and have a bunch of confirmations) on "regular" blocks the UASF nodes can't see.  
Its the hashpower disparity that causes this problem.   As I've posted elsewhere, UASF works, comes off without a hitch in the long run, if its deployed to "force" adoption of a something that a majority of hash supports, but which is stuck shy of 95% for some reason. 
It does not work with a minority of the hash rate, other than to create a fork with double spends of things that are already confirmed in blocks within the chain supported by more hash power but which are ignored by the players who have rolled out UASF code. 
And remember:  Under BIP9, which is the ruleset for SegWit activation, SegWit transactions do not become valid the moment UASF nodes start running.   No.    BIP9 requires that within a given 2016 set of blocks between two difficulty adjustments, 95% of those blocks have to signal SegWit.    That "locks in" SegWit, but then another 2016 blocks have to be stacked on the chain after that before SegWit is actually activated. 
With the disparity of hash power, the first 2016 blocks on the (currently less than 1/3) part of the network hash you can expect will conform to UASF rules will take 42 days to get through 2016 blocks.   The backlog, delay, uncertainty and perception of falling behind will cause the UASF fork to die screaming long before SegWit even gets activated. 
Therefore, UASF is as dangerous as a miner initiated hard fork coming from the position of a serious minority of hash rate.   That being the case (i.e., if all the risks of a hard fork are already present) the only alternative (other than preempting the entire debate by rolling out a Core client that puts in a hard fork for 3MB blocks + SegWit), would be to roll UASF out WITH a PoW change so that the UASF nodes represent the entirety of hash on the UASF rules respecting part of the network.   
 
Edited to fix a typo.
@_date: 2017-03-17 15:57:28
It can fly if there is a mechanism for lite clients to consult a random round-robin of network nodes to verify blocks containing transactions with less than "X" confirmations.    Thin clients are always going to be doing something less than full Genesis block to present verification. 
@_date: 2017-03-17 14:55:57
Well, thanks for the pejorative sentiments. 
I do know what nodes do, but there are also miners. 
Therefore what I also know is that if I have some outputs that I want to put in a transaction to your bitcoin address, you can't to anything with the resulting transaction until its in a block.   More especially, a block on the chain having the greatest amount of work. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 13:51:41
Fact:  73.5% of the hash is not flagging SegWit. 
Fact:  The miners are well connected to each other and there will be plenty of non UASF nodes to relay blocks. 
Fact:  UASF by itself taking on a majority of hash rate will immediately fork the blockchain, because the first time UASF nodes orphan a non SegWit block, the rest of the miners WILL accept that block and build on it. 
Fact:  Assuming ALL 27.5% of the miners signaling SegWet also adopt the UASF code, their chain will move 1/4 as quickly, finding blocks at about 39 to 40 minute intervals. 
Fact:  The 73.5% of hash rate that is not currently signaling SegWit will quickly outpace the UASF chain.   Without major code updates to all wallets (especially thin spv nodes) user transactions will happily land on the longer chain run by this group.  Even if users are given the power to direct their transactions only to the UASF fork, users will not long toleate the long backlog. 
Fact:  Difficulty readjustment will be slowed.  Its not measured by weeks, but by blocks.  
Fact:  The human experience with game theory suggests it is virtually guaranteed that whatever they say at the outset, one or more exchanges will "defect" from support only of UASF fork for the right financial incentives, permitting miners on the longer chain to convert their block rewards. 
Conclusion:   UASF can only be guaranteed to succeed if it  is accompanied by a change of PoW so that every full node running UASF code also becomes a miner, and by implication, all the UASF nodes represent ALL the hashpower under the new POW.    It is drastic but will only ever have to happen once.   I would hope the new PoW can be designed to be less cost effective to put into ASIC, but even if that eventually occurs the "day the community smote the SHA256 miners" would be remembered and prevent the type of cartel behavior we're seeing now from ever occurring again. 
@_date: 2017-03-17 17:35:10
Well, I don't pretend to be a hardware architect, but what I do know is that miner centralization via ASIC is a special class of problem from the moment of vertical integration in mining occurs -- i.e., the same company manufactures hashing equipment, deploys it preferentially on its miners for a significant period of time before it can be adopted by what I'll call independent miners generally, and while they're at it fail to adopt advantageous protocol changes like SegWit.   The only way to make PoW ASIC resistant is to have it require ooodles of storage for each proof of work calculation, with memory, bandwidth and branching "hard" problems that cannot be easily or economically unrolled onto ASIC, and even the parts that can still require gigabytes of storage, and memory.   
That said, I don't regard the point you made to be an intractable problem.   Hard wallets and thin client vendors can run nodes THEY absolutely trust, and get the block verification information to their wallets clients through trusted cryptographically secure channels.   Its not impossible, just hard -- like many things with cryptocurrency.  
@_date: 2017-03-24 16:40:31
I'll concede some of the contentions should have been couched as assertions rather than immutable fact.   But the point remains.   Even a majority of nodes triggering UASF is not low risk unless the nodes ALSO change POW.  
Its important to understand that even with that measure of community majority, a reality of power dynamics is that it is easier for a majority to RESIST change than to FORCE change.  
@_date: 2017-03-30 00:53:49


I don't think you can pin it on Luke-jr, though.   The Core team has demonstrated that they will collectively part ways with a developer that is going "too far" from their perspective. 
My SWAG is that it might have just been nervousness over the fact that the hack to make it backward compatible (segwit transactions appear to old softwares as "anyone can spends") may have had folks nervous about getting too close to 50%, since a 10% miner could false signal and then gang up with others to attempt to do bad things with those coins. 
At the end of the day, and with the way the last 18 months played out, I will say that if I had the magic wand to turn back time, I'd point out to everyone that Peter Todd nailed it with the terms he helped facilitate in HK.   I don't care whose fault it was that shit didn't stick, but it would have been the answer with one caveat I describe below. 
Imagine this:   Roll out mandatory SegWit + a max block size to 2MB as a hard fork.   BUT, also add a  "block target" within the range from .5MB to 2MB is determined every 24192 blocks (approx 6 months) in the chain by seeing what the miners are signaling for their desired target, disregarding the outlying high/lows,  and then making a change based on the weighted average of the remaining inputs.  Also include the ability for a temporary (24 blocks) surge or drought based upshift to Max (2MB+segwit) or downshift to (.5MB+segwit) if a sufficient super majority of miners join in putting out a signal for that,  based on the last time they triggered the departure.  (E.g., 65% if no blast in that same direction occurred in last 2016 blocks, 75% of there has been at least one other blast in the same direction in the last 2016 blocks,  85% if there was a blast in the same direction in the last 576 blocks, and 95% if there has been a blast in the same direction in the last 144 blocks).   
A "fee market" doesn't mean much with a perfectly inelastic supply curve (supply of blockspace remains constant), and it is about time we give the miners some room to engage in price exploration in terms of throughput versus fees.   That is not something that the devs should do anything but put some outside bounds upon.    
@_date: 2017-03-17 15:08:14
How is it proposed to force the exchanges to adopt code that rejects blocks that are otherwise compliant with the bitcoin protocol on the basis that they were mined by miner nodes that are not signaling SegWit?  
It occurs to me that unless you have universal agreement among all exchanges, the assumption there does not work out.  And game theory says this creates a prisoners' dilemma among exchanges and therefore there will be defections in favor of self interest.  The miners can offer additional consideration to the exchanges.  They also have something else to offer:  Prioritize of an exchange's transactions for inclusion in blocks.   Even now there are some delays when the network is really rocking.  
As for the hard fork not 'lasting long' I guess its important to understand none of this occurs in a vacuum.  Remember that if only the 1/3 of miners currently signaling SegWit adopt the new Node software, the chain of UASF blocks will be produced only roughly every 40 minutes until the next difficulty adjustment.  Meanwhile, the true "economic majority" -- which are the holders of unspent outputs who  are trying to do transaction, will get hacked to pieces in the crossfire.    There is no mechanism to prevent their transactions from getting mined into both chains (in fact, its guaranteed that will happen:  The mining pools based no UASF nodes will ignore blocks that aren't signaling SegWit, and the rest of the miners will ignore the alternative chain built by the UASF nodes because it will be the chain with less work.... )
Edited: to correct a couple typos and add this:
By the way:   What is to stop exchange customers (perhaps high roller zealots from the other sub, for example) from filing a lawsuit against their exchange:  "My contract requires them to process my bitcoin transactions.   I have a transaction in block "x" but my exchange is breaching my contract with them by running code that ignores my transaction even though block "x" is valid under all EXISTING bitcoin protocol rules.   Even the threat of that may result in additional defections.  
    
@_date: 2016-06-02 18:39:06
Wait, WTF...   They're now calling the Thunder Network a part of Lightning, or a version of Lightning or a type of Lightning?  Can't imagine the 'real' Lightning network folks working with Core and Blockstream will be especially happy 'bout that.   Talk about confusion of the consumer.  
@_date: 2016-06-21 15:45:30
I don't think it will ultimately stick, but the DAO investors purported to disclaim traditional contract law. You built the contract with disclaimers that the "code" was the contract.  You did so on the Ethereum platform, where the very first sentence on the ethereum.org page describes the contracts as "applications that run exactly as programmed without any possibility of downtime, censorship, fraud or third party interference."
And yet there was not a level of due diligence reviewing the contract and its code commensurate with a $160m investment platform .   
A friend of mine in the PLM space had a big contract some years ago with a whale of a fortune 500 corporation.  The contract was for tens of millions (tens, not hundreds).   In order for his little company to take on the project they'd have to hire and increase infrastructure, so they did a strategic transaction bringing in some new investors.   Each of those investors (who put in between $250K and $1m each) spent between $20,000 and $50,000 having lawyers and consultants tear into every aspect of the proposed contract looking for problems.   There were conference calls, there were opinion letters, there were independent evaluations of the technology and issues with the PLM software platform that would be used to produce the deliverables under the contract.    THAT is due diligence.   Where did it happen with the DAO investors?  Where? 
Theft was one cause of the losses, but additional proximate causes were the error in the platform that permitted the theft and the contributory negligence of the investors who were so busy saying "take my money" that they didn't bother with due diligence of the sort that would be prudent for the magnitude of the investments.   
Another, similar, Example:   The hackers that are running amok with stolen LinkedIn hashes and using these to breach users' collateral accounts are an actual cause of the harm.  But LinkedIn's crappy low-rent salt-fee simplistic hash algorithm was a proximate cause of the problem, AS WERE those USERS' own stupidity in reusing social media account passwords on other sites.  
Gupta makes a crucial point in the video I linked:  He says if you invested in the DAO after it caught fire and was becoming bigger than ever initially expected "you had to know that you were building out on a structure that was not intended to bear your weight."
Do you think when large venture capitalists invest in bitcoin businesses like Blockstream and Coinbase that they throw their money in based solely on the representations of the people getting the money, or based on what they read about those people on the internet?   Or do you think they did in and perform their own due diligence?    Why would LESS due diligence be considered OK in a scenario where each DAO investor was basically giving a blank power of attorney to a snippet of computer code?   
I think where we part ways is that you are taking the simplistic view that the attacker's bad faith overwhelms and negates any consideration of the carelessness and incautious behavior by the investors.   For my part, I cannot agree with that for the reasons above.   
Contract law does not excuse someone who claims not to have read a contract.   And at best, the scenario with what happened with the DAO can be regarded as a case of pre-contract "mutual mistake" as to how the code would operate.   
Under the Restatement of Contracts Sec. 152(1),  the party harmed by a mutual mistake is entitled to have a court deem the contract void UNLESS that party bears the risk of mistake.   Under Section 154, a party bears the risk of mistake where:






I'd say all three of those apply to the careless DAO investors.  
@_date: 2016-06-20 05:34:51
We know this well from the messy history of Wall Street pump (and dumps):   An artificial blast can never (never!) self sustain on its own.   Its like a car engine where something's wrong with the carburetor.   You can get the car to start by spraying some starter fluid in, but when the starting fluid (ironically, a chemical called ether) runs out the "base conditions" will take over. 
Now, that does not mean "other developments" cannot show up that sustain (or even overtake, by way of magnitude of influence) a pump.  The news with Ethereum's absolute shitting of the bed (which may become worse if they decide to adopt blacklists or re-steal coins with coordinated miner action) will no doubt have an updraft effect for BTC. 
But I contend that if you're right that someone's "painting the tape" they will have an exit planned at some point. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 02:19:38
I have a small amount of ETH just to play with the platform. 
Anyway, I've been over on the ETH redit today trying to get these guys to see that the moral hazard introduced with a fork to reallocate funds is beyond insanity.   
They're currently working on convincing themselves that the possibility of a 51% attack means that the system was designed to have a mass hysteria / sympathy induced fork to blacklist/lock up tokens, to reallocate transaction outputs, and to change the rules of the entire system.   
One yahoo is even suggesting that the fork should adopt a universal functionality allowing, as to all future contracts, and on the request of any ETH holder, and 51% vote, the substitution of any existing ETH smart contract with the 51% group's designated replacement code.    (My comment in that thread is that if they're going to do that, they should change the name of the ETH programming language from 'Solidity' to 'Tentatively.')
A couple  things come to mind as the ETH mess relates to bitcoin:
First, IF a fundamentals breaking fork DOES occur at ETH, I think it means we at bitcoin have to take a much closer look at our assumptions about miner collusion and 51 percent attacks, particularly as that topic relates to miner centralization and concentration.   The assumption has always been that miners won't do anything to damage the long term concepts of the currency, but if a fork happens in ETH that assumption will be disproven:  It will show the miners can be caught up in a hysteria type of situation and act against self interest where the pressure for such benevolence is high enough.   
Second, I believe the research that is going on now in terms of confidential transactions should be bumped in priority.   If a 'blacklisting' fork occurs in ETH, then we should be sure that BTC is not even susceptible to such nonsense.   I speak not merely of resisting the precedent but completely negating it. 
@_date: 2016-06-14 20:26:53
So you think they're painting the tape?  If that's the case, the up blast in price will have generated some new third-party, organic, demand and price increase as well. 
Problem is, if your theory of price manipulation were true, the purpose of such manip. is generally to exit at the top.   That would mean miners selling off operations and selling hoards of coin in a big draft.
What would be the 'tell' for that kind of selloff on the coin side?  A big burst of coins moving that were mined in the last couple years and not previously spent?  
@_date: 2016-06-21 20:02:47
I tell you one thing, if we crash back down to the 300s or 400s, you're going to be the hero (and villain) of this sub for 'calling'  (and hopefully successfully trading on) an assessment of manipulation. 
It would be shocking (and very bad for bitcoin) if there's actually a COORDINATED pump and dump strategy by many Chinese holders.   I can't bring myself to believe that, but if you're right I'll send you a beer.  
At any rate, if you're correct in calling this manipulation, maybe it will lead to some better transparency with the exchanges -- which I believe is sorely needed. 
I'll be watching to see if you totally called this....    
@_date: 2016-06-22 18:12:55
Its out there.   The one I saw (and he talks fast and slurry and my spanish is just sit), but I think he's telling the story where he worked at a restaurant and all the hijinx there.  
@_date: 2016-06-21 03:55:36
They're claiming benevolence of the majority is presumed. 
I think that's wrong.  The protocol is supposed to do the right things when pursuit of self interest is presumed. 
That's the thing that may be a flawed situation with human actors.   It just might be that the potential for miners to act against self interest (and thus against the interest of the currency) is higher than we have all been assuming.  
There's another problem here and you zeroed right in on it.  What IS the benevolent course of action?   If we find out that the Trump organization has acquired 5% of the cryptocurrency tokens and someone leaks the outputs holding those tokens, should he be blacklisted because 51% disagree with his politics?   And what about all those addresses in Cryptolocker infections?  Surely the "benevolent" step would be to blacklist those addresses so the fraudsters can never benefit from the harm they've caused.  And would it not be even more fair, in conjunction with forever blacklisting those coins, to adjust the protocol to create substitute coins for the victims of the cryptolocker infections so that they are not actually out the funds extorted from them? 
I'm not generally a fan of slippery slope arguments, but on this issue the ghastly problems will have us sliding all the way down the mountainside and over a cliff.   We will all have to watch what happens to ETH in this situation and take the lessons to heart. 
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:19:11
For now. 
I will tell you one thing, though. 
I'm very disappointed to see voices emerging ALREADY seeking to delay, cancel, whatever the "2x" part of SegWit2x.
There is a real danger here. 
If the community (be it the Core team, Blockstream, major exchanges, this sub, whatever) renegs on the "2x" part of SegWit2x -- which got a lot of miners TO THE TABLE -- I think it would not be surprising at all to see hashpower jump over to that "other" chain. 
I tell clients that a good "settlement" of a dispute is where everyone walks away a little annoyed at the result, but finds it better than the alternative.   That's what we have with SegWit2x.   So far, the New York Agreement is a success. 
But there needs to be follow through.   If there is not, the miners who joined the New York Agreement based on the "combination" of SegWit AND the 2x increase will leave, and now they have somewhere to GO. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 15:06:39
Words and expressions mean things. 
Moral hazard has a specific meaning.   It means the change in behavior characterized by an increased failure to account for and internalize risk that results when the risk-taker operates in an environment where he or she expects to be insulated from the negative consequences of taking the risk. 
I commend to you the comments from Vinay Gupta here: 
The DAO investors rushed into something that had the feel of a great Tulip Bulb bubble.   They threw millions of dollars worth of fiat into tokens, and placed this value solely in control of an autonomous contract (the equivalent of giving a power of attorney in meatspace) that had not been properly vetted for the magnitude of the investment.   If they had slowed down just a few weeks (compare with the thoughtful, careful, highly cautious and deliberate approach of the core devs for bitcoin) it is possible a more vigorous vetting of the code could have occurred.   But everyone was blinded by upside profit potential and the fact that big personalities in the ETH space were also lining up like lemmings.
That is risky behavior.  One risk of such investing, one expressly disclosed in all the write ups about the DAO was the potential for losses.   Because of the astonishing magnitude of the exuberance on the way into the poorly vetted investment (as to which there was nothing like the due diligence we would have seen with anything remotely similar in the traditional financial space), it necessarily follows that the magnitude of the losses when things went bad were also correspondingly huge.   
And now people want to be rescued for their incautious approach.  THAT is moral hazard.  It relieves poor decision makers (from investors to the architects of that mess) from bearing and internalizing the financial consequences of their own conduct.  And the hazard is that, if bailed out, more incautious behavior will inevitably follow. 
@_date: 2017-08-22 05:03:00
He's not wrong in general. 
But the cause of the problem is not a skewed view of non-mining full nodes.   Its that we have collectively tried to convince ourselves of their merit. 
The reality is that SHA256 as PoW has failed.   It failed because it can be unrolled, and as unrolled, duplicated in a highly efficient fashion on ASIC.     Its centralization and everything about "non-mining full nodes" since that occurred has been post facto rationalization. 
PoW needs to change.   It needs to change to something that is memory, storage and memory&lt;--&gt;storage bandwidth intensive.    It is a technical problem to implement that, but it is not an impossible one.   Whoever figures it out and rolls it out as a hardfork to the true Bitcoin blockchain will save us from the centralization nonsense that is occurring -- including games by miners hopping from the real chain to the alt chains and back. 
Its time to change PoW.   It WILL solve a lot of issues. 
@_date: 2016-06-21 20:07:09
In my jxn, mutual mistake applies where all the parties are ignorant of the true facts prior to entering the contract, even if one of them figures out the 'rub' afterward during the course of performance.  So you're right, there's a factual issue to resolve:  Did the attacker know of the vuln. at the time the DAO was created, or did he capitalize on last week's disclosures and discussion of recursion problems?  
The mechanical mistake is interesting, especially to the extent the behavior is note readily apparent from the 'terms' of the contract.  Its more like a latent ambiguity...  
What will be really interesting is how things are framed when the first lawsuit is filed.   Will it be a vanilla general partnership claim (against who?  how do you identify, and get service on defs?).   Or will it be negligence and conspiracy against the ETH  and slock.it big wigs?    A class action against john doe defendants with subpoenas served on exchanges similar to what the Hollywood folks do when a movie gets pirated and torrented?  
We are in a brave new world.   
@_date: 2017-08-06 18:34:06
Yes, but the approximately  2/3 of miners who ignored SegWit for over half a year began to signal BECAUSE of SegWit2X. 
The only difference was the 2X.    
So there we are.   Everyone seems to think those 2/3 miners will just go along if the compromise that brought their support is suddenly dropped by the wayside.   I think it wouldn't be that hard for those miners to say "fine," and point their hashpower at the the Bitcoin Cash chain.
@_date: 2017-08-04 00:44:25
Due respect, but I believe a lot of the mining hash must be treated as strongly expecting the "2x" part of SegWit2x under the New York Agreement. 
My reasoning is simplicity itself:  For many months, "regular" SegWit (without a base block size increase) was sitting out there ready to be activated.   Hash supporting that floated around 1/3 of the hash for that whole time. 
Only after the compromise of the New York Agreement did the rest of the hash come on board. 
I think that if the "2x" part of this does not ultimately happen as the miners who "moved" after the New York Agreement seem to expect, there is suddenly a genuine risk of them moving all that hash over to the BCash chain. 
And, even if the BCash fork is killed deader than a doornail before November, there is nothing that would stop the miners from a NEW fork ("BCash 2: Electric Boogaloo"?!??) based on the ledger at that point in time.  
Its not a pattern we want to get into.   I get (and tend to agree with) the smart, conservative, and careful approach by the Core team.   But unless you guys are going to roll out a new PoW and fire all the existing miners, I don't see a lot of good in spitting in their faces.   
Go to Coindance and pull up the page showing the last 150 blocks or so and search in your browser for "NYA" there's a LOT of miner sentiment there. 
  
@_date: 2017-04-10 15:35:25
Am I right that UASF flag day is triggered based on epoc time and not block height?
If so, why take that risk?
@_date: 2017-04-27 07:00:46
We can agree to disagree at this point.    Thanks for the thoughtful discussion.  I'm going to chew on your thoughts even though I suspect I will remain inclined to strike a different balance between the benefits of "sole purpose" mining hardware on the one hand, and the emergence of centralization in the hands of the makers of that hardware (which they then abuse) on the other hand. 
@_date: 2017-04-07 17:43:35
I may write a longer post about this, but UASF is a risky rollout when played against a majority of hashpower that is not signaling the change desired to "force" through Node level compulsion.  (Its an easy call in the other direction, i.e., if we were stuck at 90% flagging SegWit and just needed the Nodes to evict a small minority of the hashpower from the network until they flagged).   
Attempting to evict a supermajority of the hashpower with hopes they will be compelled to change SegWit flagging is a contentious and unpredictable scenario, and should not be attempted without testing. 
It cannot be tested on the main testnet, which already has SegWit activated, and which in any event plays games with difficulty adjustments that would interfere with the evaluation that is needed to assess the impact on the network of attempting to play UASF against a majority of the hashpower that is NOT signaling SegWit.  
What is needed is a test net of, say, 1000 nodes, with about 150 of those NOT rolling out UASF code (the effect of non classic nodes on the mainnet); and, with the testnet miners signaling (or not) SegWit in the same proportion that we see right now on the mainnet.   (According to Coindance, SegWit's been at about 33% the last 24hours) .   
This testnet must treat difficulty adjustments the same as the main net.  
Further, dummy transactions of a volume and type seen on the mainnet must be automated and broadcast on this testnet. 
That will let us see the impact the chainfork that appears when UASF is activated will have, including what happens to transactions and blocks.   It lets us see what happens to the "real" bitcoin economy (i.e., the existing velocity of coins in motion) during the fork, which will help evaluate the impact on users.  
This sort of wargaming is necessary.   You do this on a test net, not on the mainnet that protects a market cap equal to about 19 billion dollars. 
One of the things that's so very problematic about this UASF thing is that I see posts with people here who seem to be adopting the XT/BU mindset of going all Don Quixote on the mainnet....   Only instead of tilting at windmills they're plannign to kicking dust into the eyes of the real bitcoin economy.   Just because the other side has a third of miners doing that does not mean everyone else needs to buy into that sort of catch-as-catch-can approach to the network. 
By the way, although I haven't studied 's reporting enough to decide if I see the Asicboost thing as an attack or an optimization, I will point out that his BIP, if released in Core, will have the EXACT same effect as a UASF, but in a Core team reviewed, approved, studied and endorsed package.   Regardless of whether you or I or anyone else sees the non-overt ASICBOOST approach as an attack, that BIP appears to leave ASICBOOST financially viable by letting it happen when done overtly.   
If there's going to be a gambit to "force" uptake of SegWit I would rather run code from Core than from random internet strangers (no offense ot shaolinfry or others who have worked on UASF intended, but my security model is to treat everyone as a potential adversary and not to trust edge case implementations of anything). 
@_date: 2017-04-27 05:32:02
What you describe would require a hard-fork. 
If a hard fork is in the offing, I'd rather we focus on something that takes away or at least reduces to the maximum extent possible the advantages of ASIC.    
If ASIC makers don't dominate, we don't need to know who they are. 
And remember:  Commodity hardware can have its benefits, particularly in recovering hardware cost and electricity.   ASIC bitcoin miners run SHA256 hashes that's it.    But if the servers in, say, Backblaze, could be mining bitcoin even as they also manage their giant storage array, that helps ease the burden of the hardware outlays. 
On the personal level, if I could set my laptop to mine bitcoin while its charging at night, that would be just one use out of many I get from that hardware.  Since I do not have to justify the entire price of the laptop with the odds of hitting blocks (and indeed I would own the laptop anyway) it becomes a useful paradigm.   If a half a million people do that with their laptops, that's a force to be reckoned with.   
With current POW, an ASK maker creates one $1200 piece of hardware which could run the same number of hashes as a half million commodity laptops.   You take away the ASIC advantage by requiring each ASIC hashing instance to move and process gigabytes of data (and be subject to the memory and storage latency of that PER HASH) and suddenly there is more parity in the system. 
Rather than figuring out ways to kick disfavored hashpower makers off the system, I want ways to make it easier for anyone to jump in and contribute to the system work. 
@_date: 2017-04-11 14:33:40
Respectfully, what does Blockonomics DO that gives it the power to exercise coercive force over what happens on flag day?   DOes Blockonomics have a power of compulsion over miners or exchanges I'm not aware of? 
Folks, its become clear to me in the last couple days of discussion on this sub that UASF deployed against 70% of the hashrate that is refusing to flag SegWit is ultimately dependent on a single group of centralized actors (Exchanges) agreeing to exercise a decidedly anti-Bitcoin ethos "censorship" role against other centralized actors (miners) who aren't behaving. 
All of this announcing, flagging, flogging, virtue signaling, and hand wringing before hand is necessary to create the appearance of a community wide "thunderous applause" for that censorship, to legitimize it in other words, but ultimately what is happening is we are ceding a huge centralized censorship role to a group (Exchanges) who are particularly vulnerable to nation-state actors who will no doubt want to take advantage of that precedent to force AML/KYC bullshit onto our crytpo-currency.  
Wouldn't it be better to suck it up and fork PoW to something that is much less efficient to dump into ASIC and make all full nodes back into mining nodes?  
The very fact that we "know the names" of individual humans who, if you get 5 or 6 of them in a room, control like 80% of the hash rate is an alarming demonstration of centralization.   Cartel behavior in that situation becomes almost inevitable. 
But the solution is not to cede power or legitimize a censorship role in the hands of Exchanges.   Not if we want to avoid Nationstates showing up and  relying on that posture to screw up what we're doing.  
@_date: 2017-04-11 16:18:03
Did anyone watch the prediction markets for the United States POTUS election?   I do not think they're a good measure.   Started the night 90:10 lopsided for one candidate, a few HOURS later flipped entirely in the other direction as empirical data began to prove the predictions / estimations / believes about voter sentiment wrong.   It was astonishing.   
@_date: 2017-04-27 17:12:30
I would worry the inevitable result of THAT would be for Core contributors, by virtue of their involvement and expertise in the crypto that would be necessary there, to become incentivized to get into the business of ASIC manufacturing -- either directly or as "consultants" for established mining chip makers.  
I personally would be very uncomfortable with the implications from a centralization perspective of core protocol coders also getting into the ASIC business. 
@_date: 2017-04-07 20:37:15
Got it, thanks.   So because the menu is so endless, its easy to pick the right feesize transaction AND satisfy a traditional ordering while utilizing the enhancement.   Further, its possible for a miner to CREATE transactions, to have thousands of them ready for each fee size, and use them to grind with to make this work better. 
Am I getting that right?  
@_date: 2017-04-04 04:08:49
Interesting. 
Reminds me of the bank-switching memory mappers for the old Nintendo Entertainment system that permitted games to go from 32K basic games, to many hundreds of kilobytes of code and graphics. 
@_date: 2017-04-27 04:00:35
The fact that we know Jihan's name is why PoW change is needed. 
If not him, it would be someone else.   The temptation will be there whenever the ABILITY is there.   The Ability will always be there with the current PoW due to how easy is is to ASIC inexpensively and efficiently.   
Even if Bitmain were to get out of mining hardware altogether, if it were to sell all its IP, and break itself up like the "Baby Bells" of US telecom anti-trust history, there will INEVITABLY be another "Jihan" its just the nature of the current PoW code. 
@_date: 2017-04-14 15:57:05
About time we get some common sense in here. 
UASF can work when the change being forced has the majority of the hashpower but is shy of formal activation. 
But it will create a chain fork and throw the system into disarray if deployed AGAINST a majority of hashpower that is not supporting the UASF fork.  
In just 48 hours, the non UASF fork would be 200 blocks ahead.   There's, lets lets say, $350m USD worth of bitcoin transactions incorporated into blocks daily.   That's the economic majority that matters:  The bitcoiners moving coin creating the "velocity" of the economy at any given moment.   The UASF chainfork screws that up bigtime. 
Maxwell is a smart guy.  He knows there would be nothing worse for Bitcoin than for some half-cocked effort like this to be attempted and then have to be rolled back, or to create an ethereum style permanent chain fork.   I have postulated that if the backlog of transactions during the fork got bad enough, the escalating fees in the mempool would create a perverse bounty for the activation of BU's block size increase.  
UASF deployed against a majority of hashpower resisting the change has all the risks of a contentious hard fork and none of the benefits.   It would be easier/safer to roll out a new PoW mechanism (hopefully memory, storage, and memory&lt;-&gt;storage bandwidth intensive and therefore ASIC resistant) so that all nodes become mining nodes.   And that's a DRASTIC action. 
Thanks to Nullc for his candid and to the point comments.  Everyone should listen to the man.  
@_date: 2017-04-11 15:48:17


True enough.   But UASF sets a precedent of that happening to the thunderous applause of the Bitcoin community.   It would be easier to resist government action of that sort in the future if we weren't insisting that the Exchanges censor blocks for in this situation. 
Perception matters.   If the governments demanded AML/KYC stuff a year ago, Bitcoiners would say "that's crazy, its unprecedented, the Exchanges have NO ROLE in crafting protocol, the content of the blocks, etc., that lies with the miners who are a worldwide group of self interested automatons and beyond your reach!"
If UASF depends on Exchanges, with the blessing of the 'community' exercising a censorship role, that changes things.   
BTW, I am NOT arguing for Jihan &amp; Co.   Not at all.   I am arguing for the meager but currently fairly valuable Bitcoin holdings that I have.   Period full stop.     If you want my unvarnished opinion, I am reaching the point where I think way forward for bitcoin is for the CORE team to release a client that forks POW, implements SegWit as a hard fork, and goes from there.   In my vision of Bitcoin's future "Exchanges" become less and less important as Bitcoin (and Lightning, and side chains, and other layer 2 solutions) evolve into more a currency than a commodity.   Exchanges mean jack shit once people do not feel they need to convert Bitcoin to some other flavor of Fiat on an exchange.   We're not there yet, but we will be eventually.   
@_date: 2017-04-10 17:06:33
Its also a defense measure where something happens that makes use of the current PoW no longer tenable. 
E.g., 
1:  A serious crypto break in the hash function;  or
2:  The appearance of massive centralization doing bad things with the ecosystem.  (possibly occurring now). 
Fact is, that it is just UGLY for there to have been been so few miners to HAVE a "Hong Kong Agreement"  -- that speaks to centralization way way way beyond what is healthy for Bitcoin.   
If hashpower centralization gets abused, that would suggest it would be best to get things back to a PoW function that is less easily optimized in ASIC.   You've seen my thoughts in another post as to what is required.  
@_date: 2017-04-27 06:42:04
Well that use case already exists with merge mining color coins, doesn't it? 
Again, a pretty large percentage of the entire body of Bitcoin in existence (approx 10 million by my count) was mined on commodity hardware before ASIC's really got rolling.  
@_date: 2017-04-27 21:06:16
That's a silly position. 
If you get a tip that someone messed with the brakes on your car, that's not the time to go street racing without a seatbelt. 
The UASF nonsense could have blown up BAD if, in the middle of the chainfork, all the Antminer powered hash on the shorter UASF chain suddenly bricked itself.   
@_date: 2017-04-27 04:46:54
Depends.  
The economics classes I remember suggest that part of the analysis has something to do with barriers to entry.   With ASIC that's high.  With utility companies, its high.   Its high in these cases because JUST having new capital does not get you into the market.  You have prohibitive work to lay out a "parallel" utility system in your home town.  You have prohibitive work to come up with a brand new ASIC design that is as efficient as the newest bestest from the established ASIC suppliers. 
But with a PoW that has a huge reliance on memory&lt;-&gt;storage bandwidth, ASIC's barriers to entry are irrelevant because there's no bottom line incentive to ASIC.  No matter how fast your ASIC processing, the speed of the total PoW system would be bounded by memory and storage latency.   An ASIC that is ten times as fast just winds up waiting ten times as long for oodles of data to be moved to and from memory.   
Concentration in data centers would still occur, but Satoshi foresaw that.  The difference is that anyone could deploy capital to put such a data center together.    They would have to climb a "hill" in terms of reaching parity, rather than climb a mountain as would be the case designing a new ASIC.   Plus "joe blow" nodes would always constitute a sizeable proportion of the mining because even at a loss, the "lottery" effect would have these folks interested in the mining function.  
@_date: 2017-04-27 06:35:07
A collision not the problem at present.  The problem is emerging evidence a hardware manufacturer can remotely brick your hashing equipment at will.  That comes from specialized ASIC hardware.  That needs to change. 
@_date: 2017-04-06 15:00:34
I'm not sure he reversed engineered any hardware. 
Bitmain affiliated pools were hacked last week.   All their hash power pointed at F2Pool. 
It seems obvious to me that whoever got root access of the Antiminer etc., systems also grabbed a copy of the binaries and, probably through an intermediary, got the information to the Core team for analysis. 
If as reported, the hardware only operates in secret squirrel mode for BM's own benefit (and not when in consumer hands), that would be evident in the code.   
So my speculation is that software was reverse engineered, not actual chips.   Which means in some ways the reported hack was sort of white hat in nature at least as pertains to core. 
On a broader scale, we see again that SHA256(SHA256(HDR)) is a flawed POW. 
I'd rather not play whack a mole forever with ASIC miners.   Lets fork POW to something that requires a traverse of 10 to 30 gigabytes of existing historical blockchain data, and that meets the design and engineering characteristics for storage, memory, and memory bandwidth so that they would not be cost effectively put into ASIC. 
Lets go back to all of the "full nodes" also being mining nodes. 
It fixes the issue with the lack of incentive or remuneration for full nodes, it is extremely powerful in terms of decentralizing control of bitcoin, and it would make it easier to avoid this sort of skullduggery which is not helpful to Bitcoin in the long term. 
@_date: 2017-04-20 20:50:31
I hate the verbal games on this sub sometimes. 
I'm a supporter of SegWit.   It provides throughput increase, some protocol fixes, etc.   IT will provide the ability for L2 solutions to increase the velocity of money using Bitcoin.
But I'm sorry, its an activation process that is voluntary.   In my opinion the threshold was set too high, but its a voluntary process.   
The title of this thread would be akin to saying "A bunch of Trump voters are suspected of deliberately preventing Hillary's election."   As if those Trump voters had otherwise an obligation to vote for Hillary. 
@_date: 2017-04-10 16:36:47
So take today's signal level for SegWit (about 30%). 
That means that if UASF "starts" rejecting blocks more than 144 blocks into a retarget period, then SegWit cannot lock in during that retarget period. 
2016 blocks in the retarget period;  1916 (95%) must flag SegWit to "lock in."
If 144 blocks have already elapsed in the current retarget period when UASF activates, the current percentage breakdown suggests that 43 of these will be SegWit and the rest will not. 
2016 blocks in a retarget period minus 144 blocks already done, leaves 1872 blocks left. 
All the blocks on the UASF chainfork will be SegWit flaggers, but since only 43 of the blocks before UASF started will have been SegWit flaggers, that means the rest aren't enough to lock in SegWit during that period. 
Since block processing on a chain with only 30% of the hashpower that determined the last difficulty period will produce blocks only 30% of the rate intended (30+ minute blocks rather than 10 minute blocks) it will take a LONG time to get to the end of that retarget period.  
Even assuming the next retarget moves difficult so that the UASF for is back to producing blocks on a 10 minute basis, that's still going to delay SegWit activation.   
Plus, if there will be a retarget before SegWit gets locked in, that provides an opportunity for miners on the longer non UASF chain to divert hashpower to create zero transaction SegWit flagging blocks on the UASF chain, keeping difficulty higher than helpful.  
Meanwhile, user experience turns to shit, and all the other horrible things.   
@_date: 2017-04-10 20:09:16


Their ability to run SegWit AFTER it makes it through the BIP9 proces (which is what UASF proposes to 'force') is not the issue. 
They would have to UPGRADE AGAIN, to deal with how they handle transactions and what chain they recognize DURING the time between UASF starting, and the point when SegWit would be both locked in and activated.     During that "contest period" there will be two chains.  ANd the LONGER one  (at least on the basis of today's percentages of SegWit support) will be the NON-UASF chain. 
@_date: 2017-04-05 13:26:07
Such payments might be denominated in Bitcoin, but they would not BE bitcoin without use of the blockchain, or use of a side-chain with crypto pegs to the blockchain.  
@_date: 2017-04-10 20:17:27
The minimum time from UASF to SegWit transactions being accepted in blocks is something between 1916 and 2016 blocks to complete SegWit locking per BIP9, and another 2016 blocks.   These periods will not be measured in weeks because at least the first part of it will be under a difficulty level set by the entire hashrate where as (at present) the UASF fork will have a small minority of that.    
So the question is what will a back log of 6 to 8 weeks do to Bitcoin while we wait for SegWit to come on line.   Another question is what percentage of transactions after SegWit comes on line will be SegWit trnansactions?   Certainly nothing in the memory pool will, as those in the backlog will have been broadcast and maybe had fees bumped under pre-SegWit activation.  
@_date: 2017-04-18 17:13:11
I learned to type in the United States in the 1980s on Royal manuals, and an IBM Selectric.   (Our final test was on a version of the IBM with no markings on any of the keys, just the nubs on the f and j keys in the home row. 
The US High School typing manuals we used taught two spaces after a period.  Trying to tie the use of period, space, space to any particular country or region seems silly. 
More material to me is the use of the word mining.  That is interesting.   Not enough text there to really do a close evaluation comparison with known Satoshi writings, though. 
@_date: 2017-04-27 06:48:09
YES.    It is time.  At the very least, Core should be working on (and have at the ready at all times) a contingency plan.   Just having that BIP out there and ready to go would probably prove to be a moderating influence, but at this point I think there is little chance of overcoming the corrupting influence of the level of centralization we have right now. 
@_date: 2017-04-10 17:30:02


The one criticism I have with that is that it presumes orderly activity on the non "legacy" chain.    The fact the other chain is PROCESSING transactions at a 2:1 rate (under current hashpower breakdowns favoring SegWit) would not me meaningless. 
There is a point, and you can't measure these things any easier than predicting a run on the banks, where there is such a vaporlock in the velocity of money that the users will flip on you and to them it will be very relevant if their transactions could be confirmed more quickly and they would have their money IF ONLY their exchange got off the "short" chain.    That sort of pressure will lead to an incentive for exchanges to "defect" from their UASF commitments.   
@_date: 2017-04-10 16:20:52
Yes, but having UASF flag day hit at a point where there are not enough blocks left to lock-in SegWit in THAT retarget period adds delay and risk.   Using epoc time means that due to variance, that could happen.   I think UASF is risky as hell, but if its attempted it should flag at a specific block height at the beginning of a retarget period because of the way BIP9 activation of SegWit works. 
@_date: 2017-04-27 18:16:36
Not sure I can articulate it with any particularity, but it just seems potentially problematic.   I'll give it some more thought and write more if I can better identify some of the specifics that would bother me about it.  
@_date: 2017-04-10 19:58:12
I ask this every time:   What are the conditions that are necessary for the miners not to be able to get paid?    What do those conditions do to other users?    What does game theory and the concept of "defection from coordinated action based on self interest" suggest will happen? 
@_date: 2017-04-10 17:17:23
My point is not WHETHER it is possible for SegWit to get activated, but rather the fact that if it takes a longer time for UASF to bear fruit means bad things for Bitcoin.  A chainfork that will occur the moment the first non-SegWit flagging block hits the network after UASF is out there.    Until one of those chains dies screaming, the market and user experience will be a hot mess.     
Thus from a pure precautionary principle perspective, failure to align UASF flag day with the beginning of a readjust period has the potential to add no less than two weeks of brain damage to that process and should be avoided, whatever else one thinks about SegWit or a UASF   
@_date: 2017-04-07 21:11:26


Its a precaution against an outright attack on the shorter UASF chain by the superior hashpower that doesn't care whether blocks signal SegWit or not to include them in their chain. 
And that should be added to a testnet that evaluates UASF. 
But unless Bitcoin is to be centralized in the other direction (developer centralization, i.e., we will destroy you if you do not follow what the lead devs and vocal exchanges say), it simply is NOT the case that a miner producing fully compliant bitcoin protocol blocks, but simply declining to "vote" for a change under a BIP9 process that recognizes the right to vote (or not), is engaging in malice or an attack. 
And what I am worried about is that if UASF is activated into an environment where a majority of the hashpower is NOT signaling for the change UASF is trying to coerce, the natural dynamics of the difficulty system and the fact there is no way (absent reprogramming of all wallet software) to prevent transactions that are broadcast from being folded into both chains, the natural result will be to vaporlock the entire user experience and crash Bitcoin's value so badly that there will be no choice but to abandon the UASF chainfork well before SegWit lock in.  
@_date: 2017-04-11 13:56:00
Reading your response, it seems to me that UASF depends, at bottom, on empowering one group of highly centralized actors (Exchanges) to go to war with another group of highly centralized actors (ASIC miners).   The basis for choosing between these centralized actors is that, on this battlefront (SegWit), the Exchanges are the ones supporting what we want.  
But endorsing and even cheering a situation that encourages and legitimizes a censorship role by Exchanges has risks.  One of those risks is that nation-state actors could say "Well, would you look at that!  Looks like we can force the Exchanges to refuse to process any coins from a chain that does not implement our mandatory AML/KYC (e.g., Chainanchor style) requirements!   The Bitcoiners are creating a precedent for that!"   
Bitcoin was not designed to have users needing to lobby (usually in the meatspace, e.g., HK agreement, or the "announcements" being solicited from major players on UASF) little cliques of centralized actors to try and bully other centralized actors to get the changes we want on the network.   
We already have that with world banking, etc. 
If a segment of what Bitcoin is has become centralized, the solution  is not to empower another centralized group to do things to the first group that are contrary to the basic promise of Bitcoin.    
The solution is to fork PoW, to make it as difficult and expensive and inefficient to put into ASIC as possible, and to bring back "every full node is a mining node."    That brings diffusion back into the picture, increases censorship resistance, makes it impossible for wealth bitcoiners, nation states and, yes, exchanges to force bad protocol changes, and solves the problem of full nodes being separated from the compensation mechanism of block rewards and fees.  
@_date: 2017-04-18 18:47:04
Again.   UASF deployed in an environment where the change being sought has the support of a majority of the hash power but not quite enough to activate can and would work. 
UASF deployed into an environment where a strong majority are NOT building blocks that would be accepted by the UASF nodes will lead to an enduring chain-fork, with the non UASF chain have advantages of transaction throughput, total daily volume, block height.   It also appears possible that after the first difficulty adjustment of the shorter chain drastically reduces difficulty of the PoW for that chain, hostile miners on the non UASF chain could merge mine empty blocks on the shorter chain using its easier PoW even while they're searching for the more difficult hashes required to continue to add blocks to the longer non-UASF chain. 
During the chain fork, user experiences will suffer.   If  transaction backlogs and aggregate fees waiting to be rolled into blocks get large enough in the period prior to SegWit lock in and activation on the shorter chain, those unclaimed fees will create a perverse bounty for activation of competing implementations that could immediately increase base block size. 
Its a shit sandwich all around, and besides there was that great post by Maxwell, probably the smartest guy in Bitcoin right now, indicating UASF under BIP148 is bad mojo. 
Give it up already.   If a cartel of miners are successful in blocking SegWit and other useful protocol upgrades, the solution will have to be the drastic step of changing PoW to one that is not as readily rolled into ASIC with larger memory, storage and memory&lt;-&gt;storage bandwidth demands and to have all Nodes become mining nodes.
These are the realities.  Continuing to cheerlead BIP148 at this point is not going to accomplish much of anything except perhaps to make markets nervous when they see a group of Node operators preparing to go all Don Quixote in a way that one of the most respected Core Devs has cautioned against.  
@_date: 2017-04-07 17:48:31
I'm just trying to get up to speed on this, but isn't the "covert" method not _exactly_ covert?   Put differently, if a block has transactions ordered by fee size, doesn't that suggest there is NOT transaction shuffling to create the prereqs for profitable use of the enhancement? 
@_date: 2017-04-10 12:39:48
Except the test of UASF on Litecoin will demonstrate exactly what I've been saying:
It works FINE when a strong majority of miners, but not quite the activation threshold, supports the change. 
But if you guys try UASF under the opposite scenario where the hashrate supporting the change is significantly less than a majority, UASF will vaporlock the user experience (the real bitcoin economy, i.e., the volume of people trying to move bitcoins at any particular moment) and its not going to be assured of success.  
ETA:  In case there is any doubt...   if SegWit on Bitcoin has over, say, 60% of the hashrate, I'll switch over to UASF and join in the eviction of the minority of hashrate holding things up;   If Segwit stays stuck significantly below 50%, I my node will not be a UASF node.  
@_date: 2017-04-10 16:05:56
You're exactly right. 
In fact, it may turn out that activating UASF in an environment that vaporlocks the user experience (people trying to move coins) slows down transaction processing so much that fees spike tremendously, thereby creating a perverse BOUNTY that favors the activation of BU's block size increase.  
I've said it 1000 times.   UASF is a useful tool where the change the community is trying to force already has a strong majority, but not quite enough for activation, of the change.   
But when deployed AGAINST a majority of the hash rate, it becomes an unhelpful temper tantrum that winds up hurting the people trying to USE Bitcoin to conduct transactions the most.  
When the majority of the hashpower becomes a concentrated problem, the only way to activate protocol changes opposed by that majority is to hard fork proof of work.   If we go that direction, the function should not be a simple hash(hash(header+nonce)) format.  Instead, the (header+nonce) should be xor'd with a bitmask that is calculated by a memory, storage and bandwidth intensive operation against gigabytes of existing blocks, and which function is determinative based on the content of header+nonce so that whenever the header or hash changes, the mask also changes. 
That will make Nodes the best miners, and make it too expensive to be worthwhile to roll POW into ASIC with all its concentration problems we are seeing today. 
@_date: 2017-04-27 07:41:52
Indeed.  My only point is that ASIC is itself strongly centralizing.  Not just because of the barrier's to entry, but because there is an incentive for manufacturers to become miners, and as miners, to press their advantage.  
Truly, ASICBoost all by itself if unchecked could permit Bitmain to monopolize mining the long run, particularly considering the power cost advantages already enjoyed in China.  
@_date: 2017-04-27 06:01:08
ASIC cannot make memory faster than what memory is.   Put differently, 8 gigabytes of memory in any consumer machine will operate at X speed, and will go no faster if feeding data to ASIC.   
I drove by one of those "high school cheerleaders doing a car wash" things today.   They had almost 30 girls there.   And only two hoses, and three spots for cars to be washed.   No matter how much more raw "power" they add in terms of human assets, the constraints were those hoses (bandwidth) and the number of spaces (storage).  
Botnets do not bother me.   We are long past the era of shit-security WinXP.   Botnets will not be a problem under what I would have in mind for PoW because every miner would HAVE to keep a copy of the full blockchain.   That's not going to happen on IoT type devices or consumer routers, and it will not go unnoticed on Windows machines. 
Windows is more secure these days and besides, even if it weren't, IF botnets emerge that will be a temporary scenario that ultimately leads to improvements in overall computer and internet security as it creates incentives to fix things.   
Finally, I see NOTHING anywhere that suggests that "PoW should have no other economic use" was either an intended, or a necessary, aspect of bitcoin.   PoW has a single purpose:   To create extremely large (prohibitive) technical problems to those who might want to rewrite historical ledger blocks.    I don't care if the horsepower to do this comes from spare CPU cycles from the world's porno servers.   If it is securing the network, it is securing the network.   
The early phase of bitcoin, hell ALL of Satoshi's coins, were mined on hardware with uses beyond Bitcoin.   I just don't see that condition as essential for Bitcoin success.   IN fact I think that single purpose hardware tends to favor centralization in the manufacturers of that hardware.   How many times have we heard about miners "self-mining" with hardware for significant time before finally releasing that generation of tech to the broader market.   
@_date: 2017-04-27 04:48:00
Yep.  BIP9 process is 2016 block at required percentage to "lock in" then another 2016 blocks to actually activate. 
Stay tuned. 
@_date: 2017-04-10 16:48:47
What makes you think that transactions will only land on the UASF chainfork? 
At current signaling rates, the non-UASF miners will be producing blocks at a 2:1 rate, and will incorporate more of the real bitcoin economy. 
The way it will work is that either fork will be able to see and incorporate a spend of pre-fork UTXO; and post-fork they will be rejecting outputs from each others' chains.   The highest fee transactions will be included on both chains, but more value will land on what you call the "legacy" chain. 
Fact is, I cannot see how UASF accomplishes anything when its played into an environment where the majority of the hashrate opposes the upgrade being coerced through UASF. 
There is no way to steer a bitcoin protocol compliant transaction onto one fork or the other, except through (ghastly, centralization inducing) direct APIs to SegWit/UASF miners. 
@_date: 2017-04-19 04:12:15
Wow.   Brilliant.  Amazing.  Not. 
Basically its premised on an assumption that one can predict the behavior of markets, something Wall Street proves wrong all of the time. 
That slideshow presumes that Bitcoin price is solely a function of investment minded traders.   It treats Bitcoin solely as a commodity like wheat, corn or pork bellies.  But in actuality, that is a flawed assumption.   By my take just perusing some webs, the last 24 hours of BTC trading through exchanges accounted for like 80K BTC, whereas the total transactions in that period was in the neighborhood of 300K bitcoins. 
Now surely some pretty significant volume among the difference is also investment activity (someone buying localbitcoin to hold or trade later, for example) but it appears to me that by and large the vast bulk of the daily Bitcoin action on the blockchain is from people USING the currency as a medium of exchange.
THAT is your economic majority.   The people who desire to use Bitcoin as a medium for exchange and whose financial activity would otherwise land on the blockchain and will be bogged down by the chain fork.   
This UASF thing appears to me to have all the risks of a hard fork without the biggest benefit (preventing the displaced hashpower from being used to attack the chain with the feature upgrades). 
@_date: 2017-04-27 06:09:48
That's just silly. 
Answer me this:   Suppose that next year it emerges that there is a serious cryptographic break in SHA256 that makes it possible to construct collisions, and like all historical hash breaks, will with the speed of computing power increases only see easier and easier, less costly and less costly impacts. 
Are we supposed to continue to secure Bitcoin with that algo because "Bitcoin is Bitcoin"?
Or would we protect the network? 
Today, we learned that something like 70% of the hashpower on the network was cued up to be potentially "bricked" at will at the orders of a single actor.   
That same economic actor has also apparently been mining covert optimizations (withheld from its own hardware customers) that provide a centralizing advantage.  
Is that risk any different to the integrity of the network than a break in SHA256 would be?  
Sorry, but there's 21 billion USD in value being placed at risk by a PoW system that has proven itself prone to concentration, and all the bad shit that comes with concentration.   Its time to consider fixing that.  
@_date: 2017-04-27 04:50:16
Still doesn't solve the problem.   Satoshi did envision specialized data centers doing mining, but I think its a fair read that he still believed mining would be so diffuse that a single actor or group forming a cartel could not blow up the system.   
That's turning out not to be the case, and the reason is ASICs.  Simple as that. 
@_date: 2017-04-07 21:39:27
What are the CONDITIONS that would make their blocks cease to be worth anything?   
What are the points of catastrophic failure that could result in non-occurrence of any one of the conditions? 
@_date: 2017-04-27 03:40:44
Its time to have a plan in the pipeline. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:56:38
I think all holders should continue to hold.  
But making posts like this to try and draw new money in is really just bad form.   I want people investing in Bitcoin because of the tech, because of the problems it solves, and because they believe in the future.   
Not because they want to try and time the market and exit quickly with a profit.   
To many mindless trader drone types in crypto currencies these days if you ask me. 
@_date: 2017-09-30 05:08:20
This is clever. 
I suppose one could use this as "leverage" of sorts too, with employees, contract counterparties, etc.    For example, if you want people in your employ to have an incentive to oppose SegWit2x to the death, you "bonus" them with bitcoins in transactions structured like this, but with a return to you that works only if SegWit2x activates.    If it SW2X dies in a fire, they will get to keep those bonus bitcoins, but if it DOES succeed and become the dominant chain, they get nada.   
There really are all sorts of applications for this besides the "wager" scenario. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 00:50:25
I've been excited by Lightning, but damn... I gotta tell you. 
Having just watched the whole thing...  I find that I am somewhat less confident in Lightning than I was at the start.   
J.L. is a GREAT explainer, but he's also HONEST (perhaps to a fault in terms of acknowledging where risks are).   He's a straight shooter and certainly doesn't gild the lily...  His response in terms of when Lightning might be ready for the mainstream I found to be both honest and totally lacking in terms of any sort of ability for users like me to have a reliable expectation.   
Others in the Bitcoin space have (apparently) seriously over-sold the status of Lightning.   Maybe its just been from browsing this sub, but I seem to remember all these threads about Lightning already being "ready" and transactions rocking all over the place and the software and network being ready and basically just waiting on SegWit.   
I really had the impression somehow that SegWit was the last ingredient necessary to bake this cake, but J.L.'s interview makes me thing there's a lot of basic design, engineering, and testing/discovery that needs to happen before we can say Lightning is doable.   
Hope things go a bit faster moving forward now that SegWit is baked in.  
@_date: 2017-09-27 03:24:50
You may be right.   But I certainly thought it was a bit further along.  Time will tell I suppose. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 17:31:30
I'll defer to but I believe he's describing a mechanism where it would, indeed, work. 
Suppose he decides to hire a bunch of new people over at Blockstream.   Now, that company opposes SegWit2X, so my impression based on this thread is that Greg could craft a series of transactions that would cause his new employees to receive substantial Bitcoin bonuses  IF AND ONLY the SW2X situation does not activate and become the dominant chain.  Conversely if SW2X  WERE to take over, that would result in large transactions bringing the coins back to Greg to be mineable on under "bigger than 1mb base block size" and thus the Bonuses would not vest.    
Thus, those employees would be have the incentive to deploy their best and most vigorous efforts in preserving the current chain, and avoiding a SW2X takeover.   Its just an extension of the situation described with how they would setup the "wager" transactions. 
Anyway, that's my understanding of how it could work.   If I've missed something I won't be abashed if one of the crypto gurus explains why I may have read this thread incorrectly.  
Cheers. 
@_date: 2017-09-29 14:45:05
I'm afraid I simply do not understand the argument about how SegWit (already here) plus a modest base block size max bump suddenly means "paypal."
The most likely outcome is that the miners activate SW2X just to show us all that the NYA (and not UASF) was what got SegWit activated.   They save face, and then they set a soft 1MB limit in the config files anyway and we keep plugging on as before. 
It was rank hyperbole when people suggested that venture capital entering the Bitcoin space (including for Blockstream) somehow turned Bitcoin into the bankers' pet.   Its an argument that stinks like shit.   
The argument is no better when offered by core supporters against alternative things.
And still we are no closer to dealing with the REAL problem here, which is that mining has become concentrated enough that the miners are able to and ACTUALLY acting as a cartel. 
We need a PoW change to something that is memory, storage, and memory &lt;--&gt; storage bandwidth intensive.   Not just a new hash, which will eventually have the same centralization pressures as before, but something that for every twiddle of the nonce requires moving and processing of gigabytes worth of existing historical block material.   Just the type of thing that can't be done on a 2mm ASIC, which requires every device running hashes to have a full copy of the entire blockchain (keeping IoT hacks and BoTs from effectively taking over mining) and in which the need for storage would hamper centralization since a farm with only one hard drive would have to move those gigabytes over a network whereas if each miner had its owns storage it would have access to PCIe speed data transfer.   
It will be slower -- far fewer "hashes per second," but each hash would represent a million times more processor, memory, input/output and instructions than occurs when running SHA2(SHA2(X)) over a tiny header. 
It needs to happen to get back to the situation where all full nodes are also mining nodes which is what provides many of the features that makes Bitcoin innovative.    All this bickering over an extra 1 mb of blockspace are a total distraction. 
@_date: 2017-10-01 17:24:04
There's so much miscalculation of the incentives that are intended and necessary for Bitcoin to work. 
The "economic identity" -- call it the driving force if you will -- comprises the existing unspent outputs, and the people with the keys to those outputs who currently, RIGHT NOW, wish to use those as a means for exchange or to trade for goods and services.   Hodlers are sitting by, they're not moving coins, they're not part of the "velocity of money."    Its the people who have things to do with their coins and are trying to that matter.  (Edited to add:   Current velocity of money matters in the "short term" as economists use the term, but YES, hodlers matter in the long term too..  but they would not hold their tokens unless their unspent outputs were secure against being taken from them by someone rewinding the chain... that the Proof of Work secures the ledger of historical blocks is WHAT makes Bitcoin work). 
To do something with the coins, they need to be put into transactions.    To rely on the transactions, they need to be mined into blocks secured by enough hash power and confirmations that those transactions cannot be rewound and are cryptographically secure.  
Bitcoin uses Proof of Work.   The consensus of the entire universe of non-mining nodes cannot secure the transactions.   You cannot secure your own transaction.  (In other words, your computer on its own does not have the hashpower to create that immutability that makes the ledger work).   So you NEED miners.   And the miners have to have the ability to deploy sufficient input/output/instructions per second so that it would be totally unfeasible to try and rewind the ledger.    
That requires hashpower.   It requires, in point of fact, that you rely on the blockchain that is supported by a majority of the hashpower plus a margin of safety to account for variance. 
The problem with hashpower flip flopping from chain to chain is not an issue with block size, or this whole debate. 
It is the result of hopelessly intractable centralization of hashpower due to (1) Satoshi's original selection of a simple hash function that can be unrolled and duplicated on ASICs; and (2) Satoshi's failure, at the time GPU and ASIC's first appeared -- but when commodity hardware users still had a majority of hash -- to change proof of work to a new function. 
Sha2(Sha2(Header)) must be abandoned and a new Proof of Work adopted.   It can't just be another hash function.   It must be a new Proof of Work that instead of merely stacking instructions per second, also requires large memory, lots of storage, and a great deal of memory &lt;---&gt; storage bandwidth to be exercised per iteration of the nonce.   The storage and memory (and memory &lt;&lt;--&gt;&gt; storage bandwith) requirements need to be high enough to make it infeasible to mine using bot control of IoT devices or hijacked windows machines.   Every mining node, which is to say every single instance of a miner that is twiddling nonces to find the next block must be required to have a full copy of the block chain, and working memory that would swamp the state of the art GPU setup.   It is an engineering problem, but not an insurmountable one.    
But Bitcoin will continue to have problems for as long as 8 or 9 pools can behave as a cartel and move hashpower from chain to chain instantly.    When we once again have  all of the  "full" nodes being "mining nodes" there will be thousands of people who need to make changes, and THEN their majority decision will be much more meaningful.
@_date: 2017-09-29 15:11:17
I'm afraid I don't have a popular opinion here.  In my view, non-mining nodes trying to play UASF type games as a "filter" (censor) will not accomplish much against a supermajority of hash that has decided to go another direction.   Playing that gambit to its logical end would see the miners jump ship, and leave no choice but for those enforcing 0.15 to adopt an emergency PoW change to have a viable chain.  
@_date: 2017-09-27 03:23:14
Oh, I agree 100%! 
But there's been a little irrational exuberance concerning Lightning the last year or so.   Its almost as if the SegWit activation push was so determined that many were holding Lightning out as more of an inducement than was justified.   Yes, SegWit was necessary for Lightning to work, but I now realize that it wasn't as if Lightning were all ready to go once SegWit activated.  
That said, I do have some technical concerns about Lightning based on that interview.   J.L. says that it is likely that some parties -- even miners-- will establish Lightning hubs with many channels.  I do worry that this gives an elbow in for governments to attempt to shoehorn AML/KYC bullshit into a place it isn't well suited.   So in that regard while I want Lightning to be well tested and thoroughly wrung out, I also subscribe to the view that "Done is better than Perfect."    It won't do at all for the roll out of Lightning to take so long that it gives overzealous regulators time to get a foothold (or rather to surmise they have the option to seek one). 
@_date: 2015-09-02 13:49:15
Had to sign up for Reddit as a total newb (after lurking for years) just to post this:
Isn't the biggest concern in the 'Open Letter' (a) the fact the letter does NOT contain term "blockchain" when (b) combined with the the following language: " We’re committed to ensuring the largest possible number of users benefit from Bitcoin, without eroding these fundamental values."
What does that mean?  The phrase "benefit from Bitcoin" does not convey a commitment for the maximum number of users to have access to the BLOCKCHAIN!  They talk about "Bitcoin" as an amorphous concept.   They talk about the "Bitcoin network" without mentioning the single-most crucial bedrock component, the block chain.    The letter contains zero commitment to "scaling" involving the block chain itself.   
I've dealt with lawyer-speak my entire adult career.  I've seen what it looks like when folks with an agenda are trying carefully to dance around an 'elephant in the corner of the room.'
My Seat of the Pants Prediction:   The workshops will turn out to focus to a troubling extent on off-chain solutions (which is to say: private for-profit enterprises building ecommerce banks off the blockchain).  Implicit in off-chain solutions, so far as I can tell, will be a strong bias toward keeping the block size fixed so that you have to go to the off chain solution if you want something to occur fast.   If things keep going this way, eventually talk will turn to limiting the blockchain to only transactions of "X or more" Bitcoin, with all smaller transactions kicked into the proprietary sidechains and clearing houses.  
"Fast!" "Convenient!" "Backed by (but not on) the Block Chain!"   I can just see it now.   
@_date: 2017-09-29 15:19:13
One more thing:   This is turning into a dangerous game where reflexive myopic support of anything that hurts the "opposition" can end up biting us in the ass. 
Just last night I was on an IRC channel watching people I generally agree with proposing that the next version of the core client should include a blacklist that rejects blocks that spend any output on the "real" chain, once that same output has been spent on a fork chain.   So using bitcoin cash as an example, these guys propose that once there is a split, if the holder of 10BTC/BCH decides to spend/move the BCH coins (other than to an unspendable address) then their tokens on the main BTC chain would be forever unspendable.    They were really back-slapping about it, and how it would require people to 'really decide' which chain they support.  
It was all fun and games until I pointed out that creating a censorship mechanism in the codebase would be a really nice way to invite governments to show up and say:  "Oh how nice.  Now you can censor any outputs that the government tells you have been used by crypto-locker malwares, oh, and all these outputs who have not filled out our government KYC/AML paperwork, and all these outputs who have failed to send 28% to the IRS address to pay transfer taxes, etc., etc., etc.)
Creating censorship mechanisms to fuck up your opponents seems to be to be just another way of saying "hey, lets form a circular firing squad."
@_date: 2015-09-05 18:55:11
Everyone should go read the original Bitcoin paper.  Think about not just the how, but the why and the fundamental things of what BC was supposed to accomplish.   
Its in real trouble in my view.   Just a few points:
1.   The "BIP 101 client that shall not be named" has been effectively DDOS'd to oblivion.  10%+ of the nodes, and yet nearly 600 blocks since a BP101 block.   When the two camps get done cheering, on the one hand, and gnashing teeth, on the other, I want you to think about what this means if a couple pools decide to DDOS all nodes other than theirs.   Or a major government?   
2.  There are simply not enough nodes.  There's no incentive, beyond altruism, to run a fully node anymore.  The average user gets no benefit from it.   
3.  ASIC + pool mining have completely smashed the decentralization and distributed (and thus implicit) reservoir of trustless resiliency that BC once had.   It is a reality that only virgin coins are completely free from government interference, because they cannot be traced to an exchange.   This has implications for folks other than criminals.   The custom ASIC industry has one, maybe two, companies that will even sell the best  hardware to individuals.   Concentration is occurring in a way the original Bitcoin paper simply did not contemplate.
4.  Regardless of the ultimate implementation details, the proprietary side chains and things like lightning will be heavily biased to turn out like PayPal analogs, complete with AML/KYC nonsense.   There may well be technological possibilities for anonymous spokes / hubs in Tor etc, but it will take more trouble than it will be worth to anyone BUT criminal masterminds to carefully route through only these items.  And again, since individuals no longer have any ability to exert hash power to have a true voice, what are we going to do about it? 
5.   The people who are paying attention realize that BC is not what it was originally intended.  That's why there's all this VC money trying to create "permissioned" bolt-ons to the system.  Well, what's the point of having the permissionless blockchain on the backend if the "vision" of all this venture capital money is to make millions by getting the bulk of users to move their money around via permissioned clown suits ?   If everything you use, touch, interact with and are subject to is about the same as getting a VISA card or a local bank account, what difference does it make if you can't get your transactions specifically on the block chain?   You're still trusting a third party even if that third party uses the blockchain in an aggregate fashion. 
6.  The centralization / concentration of mining hashpower  (it will never relent - look at this week's difficulty adjustment) reveals a genuine risk of a hyper-inflationary event involving an attempt by the mining pools to force a hard fork to retool the block rewards and max bitcoins numbers.   I believe this is actually one of the core developers' unspoken reason to try and keep block size constrained with hopes that scarcity of space on the ledger will lead to massive enough increases in fees to keep the miners from colluding to completely blow things up.   Think the community could resist?  How?  With what hashing power, and how to resist the DDOS?  Look at what's happening with DDOS and the current 'alt' client.   
@_date: 2017-05-06 18:14:32
I would argue that "out of band" deals to prioritize someone's dust+timestamp w/excessive fee transactions (and possibly fees paid to miners separately, i.e., not part of the transactions) screws up the intended operation of Bitcoin.  
Its one more piece of evidence, if any were needed, that miner centralization is a real problem.  If this were the folks at Bitmain doing this with one of their pools there would be howls to the heavens about the impact to other users.   This is especially true since, as a miner, Bitfury could avoid the limit on the number of op_return per txn on the relay side and mine these into the blockchain using far less bits.  
I'll keep saying it, because it keeps being true:   miner centralization is a huge problem.  The solution to that problem, as hard to stomach as it may be, is to fork PoW to a memory, storage, and memory&lt;-&gt;storage intensive PoW that is not as efficiently or cost effectively unrolled into ASIC.    It would be better for the ecosystem if we could get back to all full nodes also being mining nodes, and with what we call "pruned" full nodes now being the basic setup for a wallet on a well connected non-phone device. 
@_date: 2017-05-11 05:09:41
I have no idea what the other two are.   They're too small, too much information lost.   
There are for sure two SegWit logos.    The third and sixth jpg blobs in that data stream. 
@_date: 2017-05-11 14:03:38
Oh my gosh, I just pulled up Sipa's profile picture and started laughing. 
I was squinting at my computer last night and my WIFE said it looks like "a bunch of those filthy balls the kids play in at McD's" 
Going to have to tell her she was right.   
To the moon, and thanks for a fun puzzle!
@_date: 2017-05-24 14:12:00
Silly. 
Right now hash power (or rather about 2/3 of the hash power) is vetoing SegWit.  
I negotiate for business, I have a lot of experience getting deals done. 
 I cannot imagine trying to get those people to the table by saying "you guys give us SegWit NOW, and we will set up a process where a single person's heckler's veto will prevent you from getting what you want."
You might as well say "the devs will never voluntarily cooperate on a base block size increase, period. Take it or leave it."
OH, and all this bullshit still ignores the reality that this problem, this whole situation, has resulted from mining centralization and the failure by Satoshi to fix PoW at a time when most Nodes were also mining Nodes and the ASIC/GPU hashpower did not have system dominance.
If we're going to continue to beat the SegWit versus EC HF, versus SegWit-2M HF, etc, stuff into the ground, why can't we also get a proposal written up and coded to give users the choice to adopt a new memory, storage and memory &lt;--&gt; storage bandwidth hard PoW so that we get back to thousands of full Nodes that are also mining nodes. 
@_date: 2016-05-17 19:22:53
Nonsense. 
At least as of this writing there is a high number of transactions backlogged but the value of the transactions that have been in the mempool longer for more than a block's worth of network processing is small.   That implies a spam situation consisting of a large number of low value transactions. 
At some point we will actually see the average user's 'real' transactions backlogged, but with SegWit coming on line soon I have no reason to believe it will be a material issue.  
@_date: 2017-05-30 21:25:33
Correct me if I am wrong, but everything I have seen concerning BIP148 and the exchanges is that the UASF proponents are asking the Exchanges to come out and say they will recognize the UASF fork and not permit any trading of tokens on the non-UASF (but probably longer) chain.   
The whole selling point seems to have been that miners would jump on the UASF fork because we would be getting the exchanges to prevent them from spending coins they mine on the non-UASF (but, again, otherwise longer chain). 
One of my worries now seems to be that UASF proponents are migrating to a view of "we're really going to rattle this sabre, we're going to hold up a thermal detonation device that has the potential to fuxor Bitcoin for everyone and you guys can avoid it only if you flag and activate SegWit."
I'd like to see SegWit activated, but I cannot support something that risky. 
And again, since mining centralization is the problem, and I regard UASF as having all the risks of a contentious hard-fork without any of the benefits, I would just as soon see some work go into evaluating a new PoW.    Hell if "playing chicken" with the miners is the objective, having a capable and competent proposal for a PoW hardfork would seem far more motivating than the UASF stuff.   Just my sense of things. 
@_date: 2016-05-17 19:08:01
Got it.   It seems that there are two practical problems, and one practical solution:   First practical problem:  Even if the entire community of 'users' adopts a fork changing PoW, a voting mechanism based on the last 'x' blocks would never get that solution adopted because the miners would not accede to the change.    Second practical problem:  This whole discussion will encourage miners to adopt centralization enhancing SHA256 optimizations 'secretly' rather than explicitly. 
Your post suggests there is a practical solution to the second -- which I assume is a change in the header structure so as to make the type of optimization used by AsicBoost (and other innovations of the same flavor) unworkable.   I feel a little confused as to why the 70+ percent of hashpower operating through Chinese pools that could get the most benefit from AsicBoost would cooperate with even a soft fork in that direction, though. 
Man, this stuff is complicated.  I know the devs come in for a lot of flack, but kudos to you guys for all the hard thinking you obviously have to do when working on development of this software and protocol ecosystem. 
@_date: 2017-05-08 00:56:09
UASF can be tried when SegWit signaling gets to 51% + a margin for variance, but I am firmly in the camp that things Bitcoin will eventually have to change PoW.  We can pretend that having a bunch of "non-mining full nodes" is sufficient, but the reality is that getting a more egalitarian PoW would have huge benefits to dealing with the problem of miner centralization.  
This week we saw a SegWit "friendly" miner incorporating (at preference to higher fee/bit transactions) dust into the blockchain for some side deal timestamping thing.   That sort of deal only works with concentration of mining.  Mining dust and getting paid for it through value other than fees showing up in the blocks prejudices price discovery in the fee market, and abuses the rest of the users of the system.   
@_date: 2016-05-02 18:01:01
Wow, all the drama. 
If I were Satoshi (I'm not), I am sure I would have obtained tax advice.   And because the way Bitcoin works (transaction involves transfer of entire existing output which becomes the input in a transaction with one output to the payee and the "change" back to you (or another new wallet address), I am fairly certain that would be a "transfer" treated as "income" in many countries requiring payment of tax on the increase in value from the initial cost basis (0) to the value "transferred" by the current transaction. 
Regardless of whether the current "Look at me, I'm Satoshi" thing proves to be a con or not, don't expect the 
REAL Satoshi to move millions and millions of dollars worth of Bitcoin anytime soon. 
@_date: 2017-05-30 16:34:44
I'm getting more and more concerned by the cultish drum-beat on this. 
Do you guys remember the last couple seasons of the Game of Thrones show?   The Queen Regent empowers and elevates a new group, the Faith Militant, and then watches as that group takes its new found power and position and goes bonkers with it. 
Everyone needs to understand UASF is an "out of protocol" empowerment of Exchanges to act like a central banking cartel.    They are expected to engage in censorship of blocks that are VALID under the existing protocol.  (After all, the goal of censoring those blocks is to filter out their signal --or rather failure to signal --voting for a CHANGE to the protocol).  
You know who else would really like exchanges following a single CENTRALIZED role to censor BTC transactions?   World governments and the current fiat-masters.   KYC/AML, all that stuff, we are setting a bad precedent here. 
And ironically, all in a gambit that CANNOT work if even a couple exchanges defect and ensure liquidity and trading value for what will be the LONGER non-UASF fork (assuming current levels of SegWit signaling translate to UASF mining). 
This whole thing is a damn mess and it just kicks the can down the road in terms of the real problem:   Miner centralization.   
You don't like what mining has become, you have to change PoW, simple as that.  
@_date: 2017-05-27 19:14:14
Also its a censorship attack. 
Also, when parlayed against a majority of hash power that has not come along with SegWiit, the attack won't work unless the censorship proponents successfully recruit and and centralize an out-of-protocol authority role in the hands of a cartel of exchanges.   
All those exchanges (without defectors) must then agree and cooperate to act like a central bank by depriving owners of bitcoin that are valid under the CURRENT protocol, in blocks that follow the CURRENT protocol rules, of the value and use of their tokens. 
All this while the transactions of users and their experience trying to be a part of the monetary velocity of bitcoin is completely fucked by a chainfork that will not be resolved for two to twelve weeks, or longer if the "enemy" miners engage in certain shenanigans.  
Totally sounds like the Bitcoin I want to be part of. 
I keep saying:  If we're going to do that type of risk scenario, lets just hard fork to a memory, storage, and memory-storage bandwidth hard PoW and get back to an ecosystem of true decentralization where there are tens of thousands of nodes all of which are mining nodes. 
@_date: 2017-05-24 15:00:05
Again, I would like these closed meetings by big players to die in a fire. 
The devs probably set the reasonable condition that they would attend if it were a discussion and not something designed to shit out a bit announcement. 
But there should not be concentration to where such meetings can or ought to occur. 
Bitcoin needs a PoW change.   Thousands of nodes that are also mining nodes.   Its the only long term solution. 
@_date: 2016-05-17 19:25:37
Consider adding one more dial:
"Avg value of txns not confirmed within 3 blocks...."
That will reveal, I believe, that much of the backlog is low value 'spam.' 
@_date: 2016-05-17 19:29:21
With the names of these solutions, I can't help but think of that movie "The Rundown" with  Seann William Scott  where his character is waving his arms and legs at The Rock and saying:
"What's this over here? Is this your little friend, do you know him?"
"You want a little thunder!" 
"Or a little lightning!?"  
"Thunder!  Lightning! Thunder!  Lightning--"
[gets punched in the head by The Rock]
@_date: 2017-05-27 20:21:05
My son stayed up last playing around on the internet.   
The average "web page" he loaded was almost 1.6 megabytes.   He loaded about 80 to 100 of those per hour.  He also had a youtube going with autoplay with some video gaming "lets play on."  Meanwhile, his mother and I watched some Hi Def video on Netflix, and my Bitcoin node was chugging away doing what it does.   
Especially in a pruning configuration, there is plenty of headroom for reasonable increases in base block size throughput.  
I have never understood this notion of pretending that non-mining full nodes are the measure of centralization pressure and that anything that impacts them is bad. 
The bad thing already happened.   Pools of ASICs.   ASIC manufacturers (Bitmain, Bitfury) also being the largest hash power holders.
The very CONCEPT of a few individual persons who have effective control over the entire network securing hash power getting together, in person, in a dark smoke filled room in Hong Kong, or New York, and coming up with "out of protocol" agreements that impact the future of the entire network is repugnant.   It IS centralization.   Everything else pales by comparison.       
The governments of the world, the criminal syndicates, etc., and personal greed and avarice only need to compromise about a dozen people to effectively control the next several thousand blocks. 
Its time to get PoW fixed.   It is a hard problem but not an insurmountable one.  The current PoW structure is a disaster of centralization and all the friction in Bitcoin right now flows from it. 
If there were 10,000 full nodes that were also mining nodes, I dare say we would already have a throughput solution in place.    
ETA:    Consider this, I just did a test and found the following:
New York Times Homepage (before clicking on any links):   3.3 megabytes
ESPN Homepage:  6.2 megabytes
Slashdot Homepage:  2.9 megabytes
Bitfinex Homepage:  3.4 megabytes
Amazon.com Homepage:  5.3 megabytes. 
Speaking of Amazon, it shows 3 TB hard drives running between $60 and $120 per drive. 
Without pruning, a throughput increase to 3MB blocks (or SegWit to a 3Mb equivalent throughput) would add on 160 GB per year.   That means just ONE of those drives would hold the current entire block chain, and another 15 years or more at 3MB blocks.  
The problem is hashpower concentration in mining, not impacts on those running non-mining full nodes. 
@_date: 2016-05-17 17:26:33
Leaving the only solution some sort of drastic 'nuke' where you try to change proof of work, right?   But how exactly does such a fork ever succeed?   I'd be really interested in the mechanics.
@_date: 2017-05-23 14:41:40
Sigh. 
"Dear big Bitcoin businesses!  Sign up NOW for your very own game of the prisoners' dilemma!   Remember, the only rational actor outcome is to betray each other and defect!   In doing so you can get the financial upside of trading the two chains-forks, and if you're one of only a few exchanges defecting, you can charge exorbitant fees to the miners on the non-UASF (but higher throughput, by the way) chain where a super majority of Bitcoin's real monetary velocity will reside especially in the first several weeks of this nonsense!    Step right up! "
If I were an exchange I would sign these petitions in a heartbeat, and then make money defecting anyway.   Petition is non-binding, and fees are fees regardless of which chain fork wins. 
UASF using BIP148 is foolish and risky. 
It has all the risks of a PoW change hard-fork, and none of the benefits.   
Better outcome would be to roll out a memory, storage and memory &lt;--&gt; storage bandwidth hard PoW algo.   Big storage keeps mining off "internet of things" devices and virtually all botnet situations (bot would be discovered because it can't just mine on headers... would need the whole chain).  Memory hardness limits utility of unrolling into ASIC.   BTW, this can be done in a way that generates proofs that enable thin clients to continue SPV type activity safely.    
ETA:  Fixed typo  ("Bigcoin" LOL!  I'm watching price too closely! )
@_date: 2016-05-31 13:06:17
What you are seeing is the "public end" of a blackmail attempt. 
The OP thinks he's discovered something material about missing mtgox funds.   But instead of writing a straight point from A to Z we get a document that simply goes over a few addresses and makes some murky comment about hash rates and being able to figure out this person mined through a particular pool. 
Lets assume for a second that the author really did dig something up.   Why blast facebook with a "partial" explanation?   To what end? 
Maybe this guy is onto something, I don't know.   But I rather suspects somewhere there's some original bitcoin whale, or core dev, or whatever, getting threatening emails....
@_date: 2017-05-31 22:45:00
Wow.  
Having just read the whole thing, I have the following observations and see a real NEED I hope someone in Core will step up and orchestrate. 
Observation 1:   Those core devs who are applying exactly the same conservative, cautious, reasonably prudent approach that they did when addressing Gavin and Mike's blocksize stuff a couple years ago even when changing their posture NOW could help get SegWit activated are obviously worthy of our respect.  It is easy to rely on "lets be conservative" when you are talking about something you do not necessarily support.  It takes real principles to apply the same standards when your own ox that winds up getting gored as a result.  To those folks:  Thank you. 
Observation 2:   However, I see a few voices that might be better off stepping away from Core dev and starting their own fucking Altcoin if they feel so flippant about risking the entire ecosystem to 'win' at any cost.   Its deeply concerning.   
Observation 3:   I CONTINUE to find it utterly GROTESQUE to see people making proposals regarding serious and potentially risk development gambits such as BIP148 and supporting their speculations as to the results by pointing to off-chain, meat-space, undocumented "agreements" by big miners (BitFury is mentioned here) to do one thing or another.   The fact that one CEO of a big mining company can move 10% of the total hash on his him is dangerous.  It IS concentration.  That's a total failure of what Bitcoin needs to be.   
Its still my view that if people are going to do something as risky as UASF, then things that are just as risky but ASSURED of protecting Bitcoin long into the future by destroying ASIC based miner centralization ought to be on the table, i.e., PoW change to a memory, storage and memory-storage bandwidth intensive PoW. 
Final observation:   Bitcoin REALLY needs something (both procedurally and substantively) equivalent to an IETF published "specification."   
I am still very concerned about BIP148 UASF and think its a dangerous gambit that WILL triggers a painful chain-split that can damage anyone who holds Bitcoin.   It sets bad precedents and it does nothing to address the real problem here which is miner centralization. 
@_date: 2016-05-27 15:17:44
Obvious, isn't it? 
See:  
OP violated some requirement or other.   When you put Coin in any type of exchange you bump up against their obligations of KYC/AML.    OP screwed up somehow, and CB is closing the account.   
Last year, a friend of mine (IT consultant) reported to another exchange that the bitcoin ransom address included within a 'cryptolocker' infection he just cleared appeared to have activity linking that address to the exchange.   The exchange shut down the bad dudes account.   And good for them.  The sooner we get Bitcoin from being associated with darkwebs and cryptoransom bullshit the better. 
@_date: 2016-05-03 23:25:06
Have you or anyone on your team had meetings with persons affiliated with United States lawmakers, financial regulators, or existing big banking interests where there were presentations of ChainAnchor technology AND discussion of Bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-05-17 23:35:39
What I was thinking is (and this all assumes this info is available under whatever API you're using to get this data)
Find the number of transactions that have not been confirmed within three blocks (i.e., those that have waited more than half an hour more or less).  
Figure out the average 'per transaction' value of JUST THOSE transactions (the ones that have been waiting more than three blocks). 
 
@_date: 2016-05-17 21:04:06
After a helpful and educational exchange I had earlier today with one of the devs, I begin to wonder if the distinction between soft and hard fork is a helpful distinction, at least as the community has viewed things. 
The 'takwaway' most of us have is that soft forks do not break existing clients' ability to validate blocks created by the new fork clients, but even as unsophisticated as I am, once Seg Wit is adopted I believe I see a way that 'major' economic impacts could be put into the SegWit data (things like auxiliary/extra coinbase payments, etc.) all with a bare majority of mining power.  Taken in that light, perhaps SegWit is a bigger deal than we have all been assuming.   I know some developers have been saying it would be easier / cleaner as a hard fork, but I fear the controversy over blocksize forking has clouded the discussion. 
  
@_date: 2017-05-11 03:42:52
Good grief guys, its not hard. 
Paste the txinwitness stream into your favorite hex editor. 
Then extract the JPG files.   Hint:   Jpgs start with FF D8 and end w/ FF D9. 
I'm sure there's some other data, there are def a series of small jpgs.  At least two of these look to be diffed or xored against something so there's probably a puzzle here. 
ETA:  I see litecoin logo, bitcoing logo, two segwit logos, and the moon.  
@_date: 2016-05-18 13:12:43
No doubt, but the idea of a canary is simple to permit users to 'take precautions' as the saying goes. 
ETA:  MeCrypto, just for the sake of being helpful, I do not believe the statement added to your page is a true/proper canary.   
Here are a couple examples:  
@_date: 2016-05-17 17:09:39
Interesting idea. 
Are you worried at all about your centralized clearing house tying information about bitcoin addresses and coins controlled by single persons making you a target for National Security Letters and other governmental information seizures?
Where are your servers located? 
Good luck!
@_date: 2017-05-11 05:18:23
Well, I blew up one of them with a very blurry resize, then stood across the room and squinted at it.  
Looks to be the twitter logo for "shaolinfry"
@_date: 2016-05-18 20:29:48
This sub also has its share of nastiness, another side of the same coin we see there (pun not intended).   
I do cringe from time to time when reading both subs. 
Bitcoin needs a watershed moment where we can come together and kick ass.   
Its astonishing to me that there is so much infighting.  Bitcoin has real adversaries, and legitimate challenges on the horizon.  It would be nice if we could interrupt the circular firing squad long enough to look forward. 
@_date: 2016-07-03 17:14:55
I'm not sure why any female crypto enthusiast (who is not completely ensconced in the back slappers' club of approved bitcoin expertise high priests) would ever agree to be interviewed by Bitcoin Uncensored.  
There seems to be an acerbic approach and a game of 'lets make this skirt look dumb' that is especially reserved for women with those guys.    Just go compare the tone and tenor of the discussion with Peter Todd in the last show to the approach with Amanda here. 
Don't get me wrong, I'm not a supporter of letting poseurs blow smoke, if that's what they are, but increasing the number of women interested in this revolution is definitively a "good thing"(tm) and I don't believe its a good idea for there to be an appearance of ingrained hostility against women in this space. 
A basic problem in all of computer land, going back to the hiring of female models to appear in advertising for the old Commodore enthusiast magazines in the 80s, is that women tend to get interested (or steered) at least at the outset toward spokesperson and advocacy roles.  I wonder at the fairness of seeking to humiliate them because they don't have the technical chops of a coder, security model architect, or nuts and bolts technology consultant  -- especially where they don't claim to be security, vulnerability, coding, or protocol experts.  
Its possible for a person to be a Bitcoin (or name your other cryptocurrency flavor of choice) enthusiast, and beneficial to the future of the crypto ecosystem, whether male or female, even while such person is not able to explain or understand or articulate the technical details at the level the core coders can achieve. 
  
@_date: 2016-05-18 15:14:14
Agreed!  Satoshi per byte for the transactions not confirmed within three blocks might be the best indicator.
The devil's advocate position is this:   As blocks approach the limit a spammer that sends a lot of dust but with the current average fee or just above can cause a lot of havoc by pushing legit lower fee traffic out of blocks.   But its still a spam attack, even though it would look as if the bulk of stuff stuck in the mempool is paying reasonable fees. 
  
@_date: 2016-05-11 12:28:35
IMHO, the software development and testing process is only slightly less nauseating than the making of sausage or passing of legislation.   Persons who are not well read on what is going on with the LN tech will be unimpressed and confused by the video, and skeptics and naysayers will find plenty of new evidence to trumpet in reiterating their view that the sky is falling.   
@_date: 2016-05-17 19:02:05
Thanks for the response and helpful information. The only suggestion for a possible additional measure would be to consider adding a warrant canary to your site.
Great idea and best wishes for success. 
@_date: 2017-06-05 21:29:35
Nope. 
Those sort of things just present a nice, juicy, attack surface for attacks, especially social engineering attacks against less sophisticated users, and attacks run by insiders out of the account. 
You can do the exact same functionality in meatspace in a much safer fashion. 
Download Shamir's Secret Sharers software.   Create a 8 out of 10 set containing the key to a PGP encrypted file with all the details your people need to proceed.   Give 4 key pieces to your estate planning lawyer (or better still, 2 each to two different estate planning law firms), 3 key pieces to your spouse, and 1 each to 3 other family members you trust.  That way no one can do shit without your lawyers involved, and your lawyers can't go around your spouse even with all three of your other family members involved, and your spouse cannot do anyting without at least one family member and the lawyers on board. 
@_date: 2017-06-05 20:18:03
You should check my posting history. 
The difference between you and me is that instead of standing in the public square with a virtual suicide vest on, I have studied the issue and concluded (correctly in my view) that the only solution here is for Bitcoin to fork PoW to a memory, storage, and memory-storage bandwidth difficult PoW.   By requiring big / fast memory, you render the advantage of ASIC virtually null because all your fancy ASIC chips wind up down is sitting there in wait-states as they fetch and manipulate gigabytes worth of data from memory.  Making it storage intensive (every full node is a mining node and must have tens of gigabytes of the most recent blocks) prevents botnets on IoT devices, phones, routers, etc., because they simply do not have the storage (right now they can just be fed headers and run hashing).   Even personal computer botnets aren't practical because the impact of running the PoW would be so apparent.   And by the way, there's a way to generate "proofs" in the middle of this type of PoW that can make live easy for thin wallets. 
@_date: 2017-06-05 21:13:44
So, ah, here's the thing:
Until SegWit is both locked-in AND activated under the terms of BIP9, it is NOT part of the protocol.  
I would suggest users have a more direct class action lawsuit if their exchange participates in a conspiracy to enforce rules that are NOT part of the Bitcoin protocol which results in delayed confirmations, chaos, the potential for double spends, and huge impacts of the Bitcoin price.   
UASF is a huge risk.   Its supporters are worse than the fuckwits pushing other hard-fork options with shitty code.  They're acting like terrorists right now and its not good for those of us holding Bitcoin or, god forbid, who engage in frequent enough transactions to be a part of the "velocity of money" of the currency at this time.  (That's the real economic majority, by the way, the users whose transactions make up the 200 to 400 thousand transactions confirmed each day, representing 200K to 1.2 billion in USD worth of Bitcoins each day.  
@_date: 2017-06-05 21:21:03
Then support a PoW change to a memory, storage, and memory&lt;--&gt;storage bandwidth hard algo.   It needs to happen, and will only have to happen once, hence forth no one would be stupid enough to invest in ASIC (and ASIC would be of limited utility because the memory would be the limiting factor).  I'm talking about something more complicated than Scrypt, more storage intensive than Cuckoo, and more elegant than just stringing together a bunch of hashing primitives. 
It needs to happen.   All of the problems with Bitcoin, including the failure to adopt protocol changes necessary for BTC to take the next steps (Lightning, etc) are due to miner centralization.  
@_date: 2017-06-06 01:48:06
Nope.  I've got the only Bitcoin keys.   But in addition to the shares that give access to the file with those keys, my wife has a separate set of shares spread between the law office that does her estate planning (and still does -- she had her own financial situation before we were married and we keep some things separate) and a few of her family members.   
If we both died in a crash, her lawyers, and her siblings would gain access to the three shares that her estate, in conjunction with my lawyers and at least one of my family members, could use to access the crypto.   
I've got a young lawyer, smart gal, who help us put all this together.  We were not the first crypto estate planning she's done, which I think is pretty f'ing cool. 
@_date: 2017-06-01 17:52:31
Seems fairly unhinged.  I'm not sure what to think of this.   Almost a parody of itself.  If you told me this vid was prepared by someone strongly opposed to UASF and I would not be surprised.  
