@_author: shockna
@_date: 2017-12-26 04:10:31


The *idea* behind how it helps is fairly simple (I'll leave it to you to decide whether you expect it to work out). 
Price goes up -&gt; it's still profitable to sell despite the high costs of getting supply into disaster zones -&gt; supply increases.
Otherwise: 
Price is artificially held down -&gt; impossible to profit due to spiked cost of getting supply in -&gt; less supply goes in -&gt; shortage
@_date: 2014-11-10 05:38:41
Alright. Is it anti-feminism (word frequency on KiA, if nothing else, suggests this is the reason for most members), or something else?
@_date: 2014-11-10 02:34:09
You realize that none of this actually makes it not a free market, right? A free market isn't guaranteed to have fair compensation or labor practices.
@_date: 2014-11-10 04:50:43
None of them have actually said those games should be stopped from being made, though. Criticizing the artistic direction of something isn't the same thing as saying it shouldn't be made, and it's even farther from actually attempting to prevent it from being made.
If that criticism (or more accurately, the mere possibility of such criticism) can result in a game not being made (and the only way this would happen is via publisher pressure), then go after the publishers who tie bonuses and payment to getting unanimously good feedback. By further empowering publishers to tighten their grip on gaming media, you only contribute to the corruption that does exist.
@_date: 2014-11-10 04:35:53
If it's unimportant for games to be considered art, why do you care about developers artistic freedom?
The "SJWs" haven't said a damn thing about aspects other than art style and interpretation. Even if every developer agreed with them, it wouldn't have an impact on gameplay (well, I suppose there might be one or two less CoD clones and a few more non-Japanese visual novels, but that's about it). How would your entertainment be impacted, since the only changes would be artistic?
@_date: 2014-11-10 05:36:34


There are others, too. I don't read reviews as often as I once did, but I always enjoyed the Penny Arcade Report (tragic shame that it's gone; at least Kuchera still has an outlet in Polygon) and Destructoid (Jim Sterling is probably my favorite reviews editor ever) for reviews. Having a social agenda and factoring that into your reviews isn't "unethical", since there's no objectivity to media reviews to begin with.
Review sites like Polygon (that always seems to be the one singled out) don't share your priorities in judging a game, so don't read them. Same reason we don't read Christ-Centered Gaming.