@_author: shoeboxqueen
@_date: 2019-07-27 21:49:44
... But thats the whole point. The headline is actually betting on that very notion. Theyre implying that people are interested but dont own bitcoin or the ETF. 
If they already owned bitcoin, thered be no opportunity, theyd have already bought in, and thered be no reason to consider bitcoin an enticing investment. It's actually the very fact that they havent bought in yet ITSELF that is the headline here. Theres an opportunity here, theres a large swath of people that are interested but HAVE NOT YET bought in. If they were interested and had already bought in, there would be no opportunity, nothing to capitalize on, the coins would not be facing an approaching increase in demand and consequently a subsequent increase in price.
@_date: 2019-11-13 05:51:23
What do you mean
@_date: 2019-12-30 07:14:54
New stock can be issued actually. [
Yeah its only applied to half the coins but its every single new coin. And, over time, the price of things trends towards the cost of production.
@_date: 2019-12-25 00:38:06
On the flip side maybe the people left holding at this point have much stronger stomachs, given that they are likely getting bitcoin well aware of what happened in 2018, unlike the people getting in before 2018 who had no idea what was about to happen.
@_date: 2019-12-30 19:08:08
His question was what if the government tried to make bitcoin illegal, would it be possible?
The responder says no
You say why does it plummet when china farts in the general direction of bitcoin legality
I say sometimes things drop in price irrationally
My point is, just because the price drops a significant amount does not mean that the event is actually significant. One theory is it could be that those people are misinformed and giving the event more weight than it deserves.  perhaps 5 years from now, more countries will fart in the direction of bitcoin legality and the price will be higher than it ever has been. Thats the essence of what im saying. 
The price changing in reaction to news does not mean that the news is meaningful necessaarily. Sure people smoking weed may lead to the stock dropping, i assume thats what you meant by "irrational events cause irrational reactions". But what i think is important to remember here is that just cause the price changed that doesnt give the news more weight.
@_date: 2019-12-29 07:44:17
Also though a lot of people are overwhelmed and put off when they are told they should do something involved like that to get in to a hobby. It might be better if we say "to get in to soccer just kick a ball" rather than insist they learn how to make their own soccer ball or something. but honestly, were both right, arent we? different things are going to work for different people. Some people are going to be attracted by the ease of use. Some people will want to work a bit more and be sucked in by how it works. Other people like a challenge. Etc.
@_date: 2019-12-30 08:02:17
The same reason tesla stock dropped when elon musk smoked weed. Its not always rational
@_date: 2019-12-31 05:01:30
Theres no reason to assume there'd be any change in selling or buying rate. What we do know though is the rate at which new coins will be created will decrease, though, so those coins cannot be sold if they dont exist. Outside of that, however, we have no reason to believe there'd be any change in the rate at which people are buying or selling coins.
@_date: 2019-12-29 07:40:41
"priced in" refers to the concept that the price has already changed because they know the event is going to come. Sort of like, if everyone could some how know that elon musk, the leader of tesla, would die tomorrow, and everyone knew this would cause the stock to drop tomorrow, then the stock would drop today, instead. He may as well have died today, because realistically your behavior if you know hes going to die tomorrow should be very similar to your behavior if you know hes going to die today.
If you know the stock is going to drop, you sell. Right? Thats the essence of it.
The situation is more nuanced in this case though because the rate at which new units are created is literally being halved. the new bitcoins are being created at  steady rate right now, and theyre all being bought up. If the halving is already priced in, does that mean that when the halving happens, and suddenly its harder to create new bitcoins, will people also start buying bitcoin less? That means on the day of the halving, society has to start buying fewer bitcoins. I dont know i wouldnt bet on it. Probably carry on as usual and keep buying the same number of bitcoins. But the rate at which new bitcoins will be halved and so that will put more pressure on the situation.
Its not the type of conventional thing which can be priced in. Its like saying a water shortage is priced in. If the shortage is truly priced in, though, then the shortage actually never occurs, because the price of water goes up because thats what priced in means: it means the price has already changed to reflect the new situation we will be if a event occurs. the event is "priced in". If the price of water goes up, people use it more carefully and not as wastefully.
In the case of bitcoin, it doesnt matter if you start using less water. the halving is coming either way, you cant avoid it by raising the price of anything (and thereby stemming the rate at which that resource is consumed by making it harder to obtain (by raising the price)).
Thats my perspective anyway, id love to hear any alternative views.
@_date: 2019-12-30 00:35:24
I completely agree that that would be the worst case scenario.
  
Is there something like you can send your relative an encyrpted file and then have the key to the file on a dead mans switch? this way the service doesnt have access to your btc even if they do look through your stuff?
@_date: 2019-12-29 07:32:42
Yeah but truthfully the average person doesnt want to go through the trouble of mining just to use money too when you really think about it- Not that theyd have to, but as a.. type of initiation, to me it seems unlikely to have ever been that significant. i do get where youre coming from though, of course.
@_date: 2019-12-31 06:34:57
A long time ago in california there were droughts. The cost of water went up, so the government subsidized it. People used too much water and the town ran out of water. Then the government stopped subsidizing the price of water, and suddenly there was enough water to go around.
Cause everyone was using less, because the price went up as scarcity increased. When water was more expensive, people used it less. So people used less water when it was scarce, and there was always enough water go go around.
When a drought happens, one of two things occur as a result: either the price of water goes up, or you run out of water.
When bitcoin halvening occurs, its like the water is running out regardless of whether or not you raise the price of water. Because the halvening happens either way. It doesnt matter what you do, theres suddenly going to be less water to go around. The price is going to go up, but the drought is never going to end, which would imply the price would stay up and every 4 years, theres going to be less and less to go around. half as much.
Its a slow but never ending drought and the rain never comes. It just gets dryer and dryer.
@_date: 2019-12-30 07:25:23
Just because the market cap changes by a certain amount does not mean that much money was spent or lost or gained or anything. The market cap is the price that the last order went through at multiplied by the total number of shares in existence. So the market cap can go up 10x in an instant when only a single unit is sold at 10x the previous price.
@_date: 2019-12-30 07:18:53
It should mean that over time the price decreases though, because it becomes more abundant. The fact that it not only holds its value but increases in value after the last 10 years is interesting, especially when many maintain that bitcoin is in actuality completely worthless. 
It's remarkable that something truly worthless could increase in value for 10 years as its scarcity decreases every day.