@_author: shookshok
@_date: 2012-02-26 07:28:47
You're right, under correct operating temperatures electromigration is negligible.  I just wanted to mention this as failure mode.  It is an interesting thing to learn about.  Technically, lower temperatures will increase the longevity of the device -- although the device will be shortly outdated and become a piece of trash...
@_date: 2012-02-25 19:34:41
Underclocking the GPU should reduce something called Dynamic Power which is due to transistor switching. If you reduce the clock rate of the system, less transistors will switch per second thus reducing the heat flow generated.  A digital IC can fail temporarily, a power cycle should recover it, or fail permanently.  Permanent damage can occur from overheating because high temperatures cause stress between different material layers in the packaging leading to separation or fracturing.  It can also occur because of electromigration in the internal IC wirings.  Electromigration has an exponential dependence on temperature, thus lower operating temperatures will lead to longer circuit lifespans.
I study and model thermal management systems for high temperature power electronic systems.
@_date: 2012-02-25 22:34:25
Lowering the voltage of your card should not hurt anything. Raising voltages could damage the card.  The problem with lowering the voltages is that at some point the transistors in the card will stop working properly.  You will save power at lower voltages and lower frequency.  As you lower voltage, you will slow down the circuits and thus you will need to lower the frequency.  You could achieve much lower voltage operation by experimenting with lowering frequency along with it.  Transistors turn on/off based on a property called the threshold voltage (Vt).  Once you get close to this voltage (varies by process) the transistors may not be able to turn on enough to continue functioning, this is your bottom line operating voltage for digital circuitry.
@_date: 2012-02-17 03:30:56
Kratom fan here.  Good to see bitcoin and kratom in one post. :)
@_date: 2012-02-25 20:10:02
Changing the voltage of the circuit does changes both the static and dynamic power (heat flow) generated by a chip.  I just googled the effect on dynamic power :)  and found this page.
It looks like it has a squared effect on dynamic power and static power will strongly depend on the IC fabrication process. Newer smaller processes (22nm)  have much greater static powers b/c of leaky gates that control the transistors.  Now, imagine having 1-2 billion leaky gates.  The supply voltage will change the timings of a synchronous digital circuit because of increased currents which can fill up gate capacitances in less time (allowing the circuitry to switch and change states faster).  Changing voltages is far more involved, it would have to be done with careful experimentation.
@_date: 2011-06-20 05:22:14
Edit: You're right though, this is really only import for certs b/c of collisions. Still, I would just go ahead and update.
@_date: 2011-06-19 20:32:27
These are such basic security mistakes...I mean who uses MD5 for hashing anymore?! SHA256 is simple, use it, salt the fuck out of passwords.  This is cheap security. Use an established web framework like Django to protect against CSRF and SQL injection attacks.  So goddamn easy its laughable.