@_author: shoraen
@_date: 2017-12-10 09:49:07
wrong date, add another 100 years. Last block will be mined around 2140. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 19:23:05
the premined coins are being spread for free now to every icelander.
@_date: 2014-05-01 10:14:30
virwox.com 
@_date: 2014-07-03 22:43:05
Bitcoin is not illegal here in Iceland. It is hard to find a merchant but a few people are using it. The central bank has issued a warning about the risk factor. We do have currency restrictions so it is harder for us to buy Bitcoins. We have some large Bitcoin mines here aswell. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 19:23:09
Congrats... You are Bitcoins Biggest Loser.
@_date: 2014-07-03 22:53:49
@_date: 2014-03-27 18:22:44
I have dumped mine and a friends portion,I am now a proud owner of 0.85 BTC which I got for free:)Im hunting for more.Feels like mining btc,but only using people insted of gpus or asics :)
@_date: 2014-06-04 20:30:01
virwox.com buy Linden, trade Linden to BTC
@_date: 2014-08-07 19:42:07
virwox.com buy and sell linden, you can see the rate @ 
@_date: 2014-08-07 20:38:32
@_date: 2014-03-01 13:31:57
The electronic currency Bitcoin is now on everyone's lips but not exaggerate long ago only a few tech nerd and speculators took knowledge of the currency. Hrodur has increased substantially in recent months and are increasingly more companies see the benefit in taking him . The first speed for Bitcoin bank was set up in Vancouver, Canada in October last year, the sources reportedly large firms such as Apple and Google are to scrutinize the currency and the opportunities inherent in it .
Bitcoin exchange rate has been very volatile but rising since the beginning of 2013. Then one Bitcoin cost of thirteen dollars . Peaked gone for over U.S. $ 1,200 in early December last year, but now it is around 550 dollars . It crashed last week after Mt. Gox - exchange is closed for all transactions in currency. Here you can monitor the exchange rate .
Asked his clients apologizing
Mark Karpeles , owner of Mt. Gox , which was for a time one of the largest stock for Bitcoin , has requested that his company be declared bankrupt . The company has lost nearly half a billion to USD due to " technical difficulties " , as he put it at a press conference in Tokyo, capital of Japan , yesterday .
"We have lost Bitcoin because of the weakness in the system. We're very sorry, " he said.
He also resigned from the board of Bitcoin - Foundation, the Foundation ensures that the currency followed its original specification .
Lawyer company said that 750 thousand Bitcoins 's customers had been stolen and 100 thousand Bitcoins owned by the company itself. All in all , it was valued at 477 million U.S. dollars , equivalent to 53.8 billion at the exchange rate today .
Could take action
Earlier this week means all web activities and closed on all transactions with Bitcoin . The difficulties led to a sharp depreciation of the currency, and also a number of questions raised about his safety . During his time were 80 % of all transactions with Bitcoin Stock Exchange through the shadows fell quickly frægðarsól her .
Taro Aso , Japan's finance minister , said afterwards that the Japanese government could possibly take action to stem the further spread of the agent. "I 've always believed that such currency [ electronic currency ] would not last long , " the AFP - feeds him. "I believe that they will ever fall in price. "
He also stated that the police were now investigating the fate of Mt. Gox Exchange . " We will work quickly from the case. This is not a currency that everyone can recognize, " he said.
Not easy to monitor Bitcoin
Janet Yellen , the new governor of the Federal Reserve , said this week that the Fed had no power to monitor or regulate Bitcoin him. " It is not easy to regulate the currency because it is mainly used outside of the banking system and there is no central entity behind him as usual with paper currencies , " she said , as stated in the article AFP .
She noted , however, that the U.S. Congress could agree a law that would reach around Bitcoin .
The first store in the world sells Bitcoin was opened in Hong Kong yesterday morning . Hopes Secretary , Kens Lo, stand to Shop will popularize electronic currencies in Asia. "There is no shortage of demand, " he told AFP . " What we want to do is simply to allow people to make Bitcoin easily , " he added .
He did a little of trouble Mt. Gox and noted that it was only a " small issue " in a large context .
Late last year hindered from China Central banks provide services and sell products related to currency. Communist state of Vietnam has similarly banned banks use the currency and the government of the country say that Bitcoin is not legal tender .
But what is Bitcoin ?
Bitcoin is not subject to centralized control . He is independent of political interference , which can not affect the exchange rate , but it depends on supply and demand in a free market . No central bank is behind the coin , traded it without public oversight and is the currency only hands electronically , so some examples.
Bitcoin was first introduced in 2009 by a person or group of people who used the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto . It is completely covered each - or who - Nakamoto is the author's goal was to establish a currency that was both inexpensive and simple to use and would rather not be controlled centrally by the central bank , for example .
To build up the value of the currency must be met demand and property behind him. That problem was solved by enabling users to solve difficult problems and encryption allowed to pay a certain amount of coins . This is called conducting mining and requires powerful technology and cheap energy . In this way Bitcoinunum increases gradually , as they are derived encryption, but will peak at 21 million Bitcoin .
Subject to strict supervision
Many have expressed their doubts over electronic currency point of no regulation exists for using Bitcoin and trade are conducted without public oversight . In an interview with the business newspaper said Morgunblaðsins summer Sveinn Valfells , a physicist and a great enthusiast of the currency , the Bitcoin pertaining actually much control would be more than many central banks would be subject .
" Bitcoin companies need to meet the basic natural laws relating to the transaction , such as legislation on money laundering , consumer protection and privacy. Traceability is better than doing business in cash, transfer the file is open , however, the user is encrypted. What issue concerns everyone can monitor currency. In the case of distributional software that is open and readable to everyone and can therefore be said that thousands if not tens of thousands of people around the world are checking coins and monitors to follow the original specification.
One could imagine that the central bank would be required to operate according to predetermined rules and have an open and transparent accounting for all who use and own currency. Thus Bitcoin , "he said , among other things .
Rafmyntir seen the light of day
A number of extra coins based on a similar basis as Bitcoin have appeared in recent years. It is worth noting rafmyntina aurora coin but as mbl.is has reported will all Icelanders newspapers part of its overall capital soon .
New representative of the currency , which has not yet emerged under the name , has said that the objective is that 50 % of the total currency will be assigned to all Icelanders. It amounts to 31.8 units per person who is older than eighteen years . Turnover by currency has increased tremendously recently and joined itself .
On 18 February was told that , based on the value of the medium on the day it was clear that the value of each share , each and every Icelander were assigned was about 9,500 crowns . Using exchange aurora coin last night it is clear that the value of each share is up in just over 63 thousand crowns . It should be noted that the exchange rate is very volatile and changes very regularly, but have increased rapidly of late .
Medium is the third most valuable in the world rafmiðill judging enumeration Coin Market Cap .
Coin Cheats and breaking the law?
Frost Administrator , Senator Progressive Party , however, has criticized the aurora coin and say things indicate that this is a case of money scam and illegal. " Aurora Coin will be no more illegal than the marginal currency in this country - but if the public is fooled to use Aurora Coin significant scale , it might be sufficient to create large profits for the leader , " he says in an article on its website.
Furthermore, the Central Bank said that it is forbidden to have foreign currency transactions with Bitcoin under Icelandic law on foreign exchange . In a written response to the query Morgunblaðsins stated that the Exchange Act is provided for general restrictions on foreign exchange and capital movements .
" It does not seem that the provisions of the Act which exempt goods and services from the foregoing limitations may not apply to transactions with Bitcoin or other exemptions from the restrictions of the Act apply to such a transaction ," the response rate.
"This corner is an activity that is recognized within the limited group , " said Stefan Johann Stefansson, editor of the Central Bank , in an interview with mbl.is of transactions in the electronic currency in this country.
@_date: 2014-01-17 22:32:41
Thanks for your article, I transelated it to icelandic and have sent it to all my friends. If you want to read it, its like this:
Hvað er Bitcoin?
Bitcoin er í rauninni tvennt: Í fyrsta lagi er Bitcoin rafrænt greiðslukerfi sem nýtir internetið sem flutningsleið fyrir fjármagn, nánast samstundis, næstum frítt og hvert sem er í heiminum. 
Svo er það Bitcoins, sem er dulkóðaður rafrænn gjaldmiðill, sérhannaður fyrir Bitcoin kerfið.
Svo, Bitcoin er ekki bara gjaldmiðill heldur einnig greiðslukerfi eins og VISA og MasterCard eða PayPal. Í kerfinu getur þú geymt peninga og verið þinn eigin banki. Einnig getur þú greitt fyrir vörur eða þjónustu sem og sent peninga hvert sem er jafn hratt og  auðveldlega og að senda email. Stöðugt eru að bætast við fleiri sem taka við Bitcoins sem greiðslu.
Því er líkt við námuvinnslu þegar Bitcoin verður til. Það er gert með sérstöku forriti og búnaði. Búnaðurinn sem er vinsælastur í dag er hlaðinn örgjöfum sem eru kallaðir ASIC's og eru samanþjappaðir í sérstakar tölvur. Bitcoin vinnslan er í rauninni það að nýta vinnsluhraða tölvunnar í að tryggja og staðfesta færslur sem verða í kerfinu sem er nefnt "Blockchain". Það er gegnsætt kerfi sem heldur utanum allar færslur sem verða til. Blockchain geta allir skoðað og fylgst með. Vinnumenn eða vinnuflokkar eru verðlaunaðir fyrir staðfestingar með nýjaum Bitcoins sem fara samstundis í umferð.
Til að nota Bitcoin, þarft þú að eiga Bitcoin veski. Það er ókeypis auðvitað. Þú getur notað tölvuna þína, smart-símann eða notað einhverja af síðunum sem bjóða uppá það.
Með veskinu getur þú síðan greitt eða tekið á móti Bitcoins.
Veskið er í rauninni svipað og email póstfang, nema það er heimilisfangið á bankareikningnum þínum, sem aðeins þú getur stjórnað.
Kerfið er verndað af flókinni dulkóðun en einnig af notendum, sem gerir fölsun nánast ómögulega. Þó er mikilvægt að notendur passi vel upp á innistæður sínar með sterkum leyniorðum og jafnvel "offline paper wallets" sem er ein öruggasta leiðin til að geyma Bitcoins. Notandinn er jú sinn eigin banki.
Bitcoins er órekjanlegur gjaldmiðill, svo ef honum er stolið frá þér þá er hann líklegast glataður.
Það sem gerir Bitcoin sérstakt er að það tilheyrir engum sérstökum. Það er ekki fyrirtæki eða stofnun. Það er í rauninni eign allra þeirra sem nota það. Það tengir notendur beint, sem þýðir að aðeins sendandinn og viðtakandi er viðriðnir færsluna. Enginn þriðji aðili eða greiðslumiðlun. Enginn banki eða ríkisstjórn sem stjórnar. Engin miðstýring.
Hvers vegna eru Bitcoins einhvers virði?
Þær eru á frjálsum markaði sem stjórnast af framboði og eftirspurn.
Framboðið er takamarkað vegna þess að kerfið er hannað til að úthluta aðeins 150 Bitcons á 60 mínútna fresti og heildin getur ekki orðið meiri en 21 milljón Bitcoins.
Árið 2009 kostuðu 5000 Bitcoins um 30 dollara. Í Nóvember 2013 kostaði 1 Bitcoin 1250 dollara. Í dag (jan 2014) kostar 1 Bitcoin um 840 dollara. Núna eru rúmlega 12 milljónir Bitcoins í umferð. Því er spáð að síðasta Bitcoin komi í umferð árið 2140.
Bitcoin kerfið heimilar öllum, jafnvel þeim sem hafa ekki aðgang að banka eða kreditkortum, að tengjast hverjum sem er hvar sem er, svo lengi sem þeir eru internet tengdir. Það opnar mikla möguleika fyrir lítil fyrirtæki og byrgja og tengir þá við "heimsmarkaðinn". Án takmarkanna vegna kostanaðar við þriðja aðila.
Hver sem er getur botgað fyrir hvað sem er á þess að það sé rekjanlegt.
Bitcoin er talið fyrsta sanna "fjármagnskerfi" internetsins og er fyrsta ómiðstýrða fjármagnskerfi sögunnar og hefur allt að bera til að verða fyrsti "frjálsi" gjaldmiðillinn sem vitað er um.
@_date: 2014-03-27 19:30:34
534780.6 Airdrop coins in circulation, 5.09% of a total 10,500,000 Airdrop coins.  in only 3 days.
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:03:14
@_date: 2014-03-18 21:04:42
I have used virwox many times and never had a problem.
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:22:58
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:09:16
believe what you want, you can watch the flood on cryptsy
@_date: 2013-12-31 09:51:31
Try Virwox