@_author: shortym
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:41:54
What bottle did YOU get bro? I just got mine in the mail not too long ago and it doesn't smell anything like vanilla, like at ALL. the other thing i would ask, is if it sucked like you said it did, did you ask for a refund? I'm just saying, because I was honestly impressed with it. your post looks like you're just trying to slam them or something. not trying to cause any trouble, i promise, i'm just saying.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:49:30
I was browsing the web and coinmap.org for bitcoin accepting businesses, local to me. I ended up finding this site. I decided to check it out for myself. At first i thought it was a joke, I mean have you seen the slogan? "Made for peer-to-peer interaction"? Hilarious! But after clicking through the site for a while, I realized they were actually serious. I told a few friends about it and left it at that. That was about a 2 weeks ago. 
I ended up going back to the site a few days later, just to show a friend of mine how ridiculous it was. Somehow, I was swayed into buying a bottle. I got it in the mail yesterday. Here's what I have to say about it:
The bottle comes in a medium sized box with "BitCologne" stamped on the sides. I got mine in shipped to me in about 5 days. It comes with a copper metal faux bitcoin and a thank you card. I kind of like the coin, to be honest, just wish it came with a display case or something. As far as the cologne goes, it's a decent sized bottle, but not overly fancy really. I guess that's not super important, but I've seen cologne bottles decked out in diamonds before. Anyway, lets get to the real deal; the SMELL. 
I sprayed a few spritz on one of my old shirts, just to play it safe, I wasn't about to smell like burnt circuit boards all day! I sprayed a few spurts and let it sit for a few seconds then went in for a whiff. I have to say, I'm impressed! It actually smells good, like seriously! Now granted I wish there was more to the overall packaging, but when it right comes down to it, I could actually see myself wearing it as a day cologne or even to something formal. So congratulations BitCologne, you have a hit!
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:31:29
yea i saw that review on here, just a little while ago actually. i'm not sure what bottle THAT guy got, but mine smells nothing like vanilla. I cant quite place what it smells like exactly, but it smells really good. That's all that matters. I've already had people complimenting me on it.