@_author: shouldahcouldah
@_date: 2019-05-07 06:06:39
Yup. Throw away account. Still a lurker on the one that isn't a throw away. I don't see how that proves anything... I'm not asking for peoples info. Feel free to reach out to Mike P or Jeff F, I don't really care. 
Well, I do because I'd like to see people get even with Coinbase. And I believe it would help establish a stronger case for me. I don't care if I'm a part of it. 
Quit trying to be a genius. You're obviously not.
@_date: 2019-05-07 05:32:20
PVF Law -  [
@_date: 2019-05-07 05:18:13
Interesting thought process. Might be miss-understanding this though. There is a lawyer who's taken on my case and would probably take on other valid cases against Coinbase on contingency. At least that's my guess. 
That's a big difference from FREE counsel though. Contingency is 33%/40% of what was won in a case but something is better than nothing.
@_date: 2019-05-07 06:24:11
Mike Perez... Jeff Feasby... Check out the law firm details. Those are two of the partners that are taking on my case. 
Coinbase deserves to have class taken against them but are protected by their User Agreement from that. It makes it tough for individuals to take a case against them - it's just price prohibitive. I have a stronger case with some of my claims if there are other plaintiffs so I'm trying to track some down. It is in my interest. It's also in the interest of others if who maybe haven't been able to get legal representation for their case because they can ride on the coat tails of mine. 
Also that you made a reasonable connection with the PM - I had someone from Upwork scrape the entire Coinbase subreddit and cleaned the posts to get me to a list of 600+ unique posts over the window which Coinbase froze my account that also referenced "legal", "lawsuit", etc etc. Reddit limits your outbound messages so I was getting some help and it sounds like you were one of the ones he reached out to. 
So yes, get that could be a bit sketch. Also that I have no interest in any of your account info. You should never hand that off. But also that you might actually have some interest in checking that out as you've obviously had to deal with shit from Coinbase before.