@_author: should_be_writing
@_date: 2018-10-03 20:37:13
What morals does one have to throw out the window in order to practice fractional reserve banking?
Believe it or not but you can make profit and still be a good person...
@_date: 2018-10-03 20:27:09
They aren't selling anything with fractional reserve banking, they're loaning it out. Pretty much never has there been a time when everyone wants their money at the same time and now with FDIC there will probably never be a time again. 
Fractional reserve "banking" was actually started by gold smiths. Gold smiths were pretty much where you put your gold and they'd give you a receipt saying they owe you x amount of gold. They soon realized that they always have gold on hand. So they figured out how much gold is normally taken per day or week or whatever and made sure they always had that on hand. Then they lent the rest. A loan is an equal debt and credit so effectively no money is created. The real value that is created from a loan is what is bought with the loan, Typically investment for business which then grows the economy.
All this is to say Coinbase selling (meaning no debt is owed to Coinbase after the transaction) a bitcoin is not reserve banking it's fraud. If they gave someone a bitcoin but that person was required to give it back at some agreed upon time frame then that would be fractional reserve banking.
Edit: and youd have to be stupid to accept a loan in bitcoins since the price fluxuates so much. If bitcoin prices soar after you spend your bitcoin loan then you essentially owe more than the value of the loan. Like owning a house when housing prices fall (see 2008).
@_date: 2017-08-07 13:35:03
Debt builds credit. The national debt and the government's ability to pay the interest on that debt is why the dollar is the strongest currency in the world right now. It's why every other currency in existence is tied in some way to the dollar.
@_date: 2017-08-07 15:43:08
I believe it! Although I think computer science would be included in "services" just like accounting or practicing law or medicine is a service.
@_date: 2018-10-03 20:35:08
Money supply contracts but with value added to the economy via business/house improvements paid for by the loan.
@_date: 2017-08-07 15:21:13
Thus is assuming "we" means the US as I am American. Maybe, maybe not. The US certainly fucked the UK pretty hard with the terms of the lend lease program at the end of ww2. The good thing about the dollar is that even though the US is in a lot of debt, the dollar is still very strong. What China is doing is pretty much pegging their currency to the dollar. China wants a strong dollar. It is mutually beneficial for them to prop the dollar up in a sense while the US continues to import products from China. The US while still the second largest manufacturing country in the world is largely a service based economy which ideally allows innovation to flourish. 
If you meant "we" as just people of the world then yes we are fucked. 
@_date: 2017-08-07 14:20:40
You just stated a fact not how that fact came to be. Yes the US dollar became the standard but that was because of world war 2. The UK was the largest debtor nation in the world with the US being the largest creditor nation at the time. The UK ended up owing the US a shit ton of money which ended up with the UK devaluing their currency by 30% or so causing their newly freed colonies and commonwealths to flee from the pound to the dollar. Bretton Woods with the IMF, USAID and the Marshal Plan of 1947 solidified the US dollar as THE world currency. Also some perspective: the UK left the gold exchange in 1931 (not the same as leaving the gold standard mind you) which was a very selfish move and started off a global trade war. The US didn't leave the gold standard until 1971. The dollar started it's journey to the top long before we left the gold standard. Another interesting thing of note. The US now is where the UK was after ww2, the largest debtor nation in the world. And the largest creditor nation in the world? China.
@_date: 2017-05-30 16:59:31
Can you elaborate?