@_author: shreddedbeats
@_date: 2019-06-02 04:01:39
IMHO, it is reasonable to believe it is akin to the first form/evolution of a supernatural, parabolic creature like Cell or even Maajin Buu - before its true power is unlocked in all its holiness.  
In stages it only grows stronger - some may even say exponentialy - to the point where its power level no longer can be calculated, not even by modern Saiyan Advanced Technology (e.g. Vegeta's Scouter will no longer compute; when it tries it goes 'kaboom').
@_date: 2019-05-13 01:50:17
Some additional info (source: CNBC Africa interview with Bitfinex shareholders)
- Bitfinex has no other choice right now but to raise 1BB via an IEO, as 850MM of their funds are locked away or totally missing altogether.  No one fully knows where the funds are, it may be long gone.  
- Bitfinex shareholder (in Tokyo, of Chinese ancestry I believe) says it's locked up by governments; also mentioned they asked NYAG if the can borrow money from Tether, the answer was no.  Bitfinex borrowed money from Tether anyways; hence, the current state of things where NYAG is coming after them.
- Another Bitfinex shareholder (based in Isle of Man, Bank to the Future) mentioned Bitfinex was plagued with banking challenges in it's history. That funds went through a payment processor, named Crypto Capital, and the said funds allegedly may have been pocketed and/or gone missing.  
- If Bitfinex doesn't raise enough money in the IEO, it likely is a precursor for a situation where bitfinex customers won't be able to get their funds off of the exchange.
- Tether still controls much of the volume in the market, it's a dominant trading pair.
Take it for what you will, but remember that Bitfinex, Tether and Crypto Capital are pretty interrelated.  The FUD is still ongoing in my opinion.
Going with USDC for now.
@_date: 2019-05-12 07:19:30
Question: Are you using stable coins or back to fiat.
I’m no longer using usdt due to FUD, shopping for a new approach for trading pair
@_date: 2019-05-13 01:53:58
Same, USDC will do (for now).  
Limited pairings though.