@_author: shubik23
@_date: 2017-12-19 18:43:06
Im not the guy you talked to but if you don’t mind I would like to ask you something as well :)
I will get the opportunity to get my hands on approximately 2k in cash and I think about investing it. So at the moment I’m considering two options. 
Option a) i completely invest the 2k€ in bitcoin 
Option b) I Split the money and invest 1k in bitcoin and use the rest to split it up into other crypto currencies
Im really not sure what to do. The money is not something I will rely on and I’m pretty sure that bitcoin will continue to rise but on the other hand a split is never a bad thing. 
What would you do in my position? 
@_date: 2017-12-20 11:41:00
So now I finally had some time to go through your answer and to give it some thought. I will try to go through everything although I think I have some problems understanding certain aspects. 


To be honest, I´m having trouble understanding this. I get that altcoins are being measured in BTC and that if I´m investing in altcoins in the end I´m also investing in BTC. 
I also understand the scenario you displayed to the point where my Altcoin is losing value but my Fiat is going up. If I understand you correctly then the reason for that is BTC being "in the lead" here and that altcoins are depending on the value of BTC and not Fiat. So even when an Altcoin is losing value, it does not necessarily mean that BTC is going down. Is this correct? 
Could you also explain to me what you mean by: 


How do you know if a price for a alt is overvalued or not? I read a lot at the moment and all I keep hearing is how much potential other alts like Monero or IOTA have. Is this all a bullshit? And if so, why? 


I think I understand the basic modell here. Do you have maybe a link to a good site where I can read more on this? Or is there maybe a good YouTube video which you would recommend me to watch? 


I understand now that my plan was ineed not the smartest idea. What I don´t get is why I should buy periodicly. I have the feeling that the longer I wait the more the value of BTC increases. Shouldn´t it be my goal to try to aquire BTC at the lowest price possible? I mean I understand that the value is constantly changing and that there is no proof whatsoever that the bullish period will continue like it did but the chances are quite good, aren´t they? 


I have the feeling that this is probably the most important advice from you. But I´m having struggles understanding the second part of it. Usually all you hear is buy low and sell high. I googles a little bit and read a couple of definitions for the buy high/sell low approach but I don´t really get it. Could you give me some more insights on this strategy? 


I see the potencial of Crypto and strongly believe in it. But I also see a lot of unpredictability when it comes to it. In my case I have the feeling that even if I would make the descision to shift to BTC as my prime currency, I would not be able to live that way. All of my surroundings is still in the Fiat world and I don´t see that changing in the next 3-5 years. Germany in particular is quite slow when it comes to the adaptation of new technology. We still struggle to accept debit/credit cards in smaller stores for example and we are still light years away from a digital payment system like Apple pay. So to answer your question: I would gladly make the transition from Fiat to BTC but I think this is a process that needs to be done very slowly.


I understand this and I´m not trying to get rich overnight. I know this will not work and the risk to loose it all is too high. I´m 29 and for the first time in my life, I´m in the position (thanks to a new job) to have a steady amount of disposable income coming in each year. I want to be smart about this decision and make the right moves. The 2k I will get is hopefully just the start but I want to make the best out of it and built a foundation for myself. 
sooooo I think I have touched every subject of your answer that I had trouble understanding. Sorry for this wall of text :) I´m really looking forward for your answers to it. Thx once again. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:52:33
First of all: Thank you very much for your in-depth answer. I really appreciate the time you took for that. I don´t have anybody in my family or friends circle I can ask for advice on a financial subject, yet alone anything BTC related. So everything I know I have to pick up somewhere on the internet. 
That being said, I will reply to you tomorrow as I´m from Germany and it is getting quite late already and I think I need a fresh head to fully understand everything you wrote. 
But I can´t wait to dive into all of that tomorrow :)
@_date: 2018-12-05 17:52:55
LOL why the fuck are you here then?
@_date: 2019-05-04 12:27:38
Found the edgy guy