@_author: shudmeyer
@_date: 2013-11-19 18:39:56
see, the reason "i'm an anarcho-feudalist" draws ire is because when we use this phrase in english, what you're saying is "i identify with anarcho-feudalist ideas." for example, "i'm a socialist" does not mean i think america is socialist, it means i think it should be socialist. what you should consider saying is "the world as i see it resembles anarcho-feudalism," as that eliminates all confusion. so that little linguistic issue is causing part of your problem right there.
but beyond that, your definition of anarcho-feudalism makes no sense. you didn't (and i'm assuming can't, because the phrase itself is riddled with problems) adequately explain what anarcho-feudalism is because you don't know what each half really means. yes, you know what the pareto principle is - congratulations - but it does not in and of itself describe feudalism. all it does is describe a division in population regardless of organizational structure. feudalism has more to do with codifying, as in legally proscribing, a class structure and the power available to each class. for fun, here's a quote i read recently that pretty accurately describes feudalism:


so no, that's not the anarcho- part. the anarcho part has to do with dismantling those power hierarchies, codified or not, from a multitude of perspectives. depending on your school of thought (e.g. anarcho-capitalism, feminist anarchism, etc.) you'll focus on different aspects of power hierarchies and the inherent inequality and discuss ways to tear those down for a more egalitarian power structure.
to summarize: your "anarcho-feudalism" describes a scenario in which there are explicitly designated, codified, and hierarchical classes with incredibly centralized power (feudalism) which are, in turn, torn down and replaced to distribute power equally (anarchism). that's the other half of your problem.
no, we're not feudalist. maybe we have issues with power distribution and class mobility, but it's not formalized in our laws. no, we're not anarchic. power structures still exist, and should be made more evenly distributed. we're certainly not anarcho-feudalist, nor "feudalic anarchist." aspiring to enforce such a system makes no sense whatsoever.
you're stringing inherently contradictory words together, using them incorrectly, in the wrong linguistic context and complaining when people call you out on it.
but no, it must just be "stoking the fire of the haters," hm?
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:08:25
explain to me how describing, in great detail, how and why what you said makes *no sense at all* constitutes ad hominem jingoism?
@_date: 2013-11-19 16:26:11
what on earth does anarchism have to do with feudalism
@_date: 2013-11-19 16:56:04
that is roughly what the pareto principle states, but it also has no direct connection to feudalism. but okay, that's less significant.
even if it did, feudalism embraces and strictly enforces that power hierarchy that anarchism, by definition, seeks to destroy. how do you reconcile these existentially conflicting philosophies? 
@_date: 2013-11-19 17:48:41
are you trying to describe the way you see the world as it currently exists or as you feel it should be