@_author: shunyada
@_date: 2016-08-03 18:18:23
@_date: 2018-10-09 16:09:03
This whole thread is just mind boggling.
So instead of a single BTC transaction you are suggesting:
1. Use a credit card, in which the credit card processing company collects 2-4%, always more than they give in cash back.
2. Sell Bitcoin on an exchange where you will most likely incur a transaction fee.
3. Withdraw USD from said exchange where you may get hit with a withdraw fee and wire transfer fee (Kraken)
4. Use another banking instrument to transfer USD to the credit card merchant processor before you incur  interest fees.
5. As we are in a bear market possibly incur loss of value from Bitcoin price decline much higher than the cash back %.
So a credit card processor, 3-4 Banks, and a crypto exchange involved instead of a crypto processor and 0-1 banks. WTF?
As a merchant who has accepted Bitcoin and Credit Cards since 2013 I can tell you that the "hefty fee/spread" charged by "crappy bitcoin payment processors" is less than 1/3 of what the credit card processors charge me. Also the merchant always pays the fees, not the user. Bitpay even provided free processing up until recently. Also many merchants like myself who accept Bitcoin never convert it to USD since they are such a small percentage of orders it's a great way to DCA in over time.
One of the prevailing arguments seems to be that the infrastructure just isn't there to support these types of payments and credit cards are better suited for such transactions. How will we get that infrastructure built out if no one supports merchants who actually accept Bitcoin by paying in Bitcoin?
I'm curious if you would say the same thing about lightning/liquid? How will adoption of any system happen if you tell people not to use crypto except as a store of value to be sold only when you need USD?
I'm not sure what Bitcoin is to you but to me it's always been an attempt to replace the greedy banking and middle men system with as close to peer to peer transactions as we can get. Seems like you guys just want to prop up the current middle men system till you can be the new middle men.
@_date: 2017-08-30 04:13:01
Looks to me like an exchange bought these coins off market from an early player. Could be Hal Finney's family, could be Satoshi could be anyone. Maybe they only bought the BTC and that's why the BCH hasn't moved. 
If you notice it went to two addresses and one still has 2000 BTC but the other one has started distributing it's funds to both segwit and legacy addresses.  Looks like an exchange processing withdrawals with the bulk going to their own change address.
@_date: 2018-10-10 04:52:02
I don't think I've ever really promoted XVG besides saying I was mining it because it has "surprise potential". Yes I profited on alts because I saw opportunities there and had missed out on ETH the first time because I was a Bitcoin maximalist and I didn't see in it the properties that gave Bitcoin it's value (still think it has very little intrinsic value)
The "sell on GDAX to USD" quote is taking trading profits. Totally different thing than choosing to use a credit card with a Bitcoin accepting merchant instead of using Bitcoin. I actually never sold a single satoshi until late 2016 after the scaling debate and the direction things were going started to shake my faith. I should probably be grateful for that as I did sell over half my stake through the end of 2017 and early 2018 that I am now able to buy back at much lower prices. 
In the title of this thread it says "sell just enough bitcoin to pay the bill". So that's not "preferring to own Bitcoin" as you state, it's just owning it till the bill is due. Even if you manage 2% cash back from the credit card company, you most likely will end up eating that 2% in exchange fees, withdraw fees, wire transfer fees, and/or price fluctuations.  Plus you support a banking system that I thought we were trying to replace. 
Don't we all want the same thing? Mass adoption for Bitcoin? To me that means no one ever converts their BTC to FIAT. They get paid in BTC, spend BTC and hold BTC. Obviously we are not there yet but if a merchant has gone to the effort to accept Bitcoin I am going to go out of my way to pay with Bitcoin, even if I might have to pay slightly more, because I love Bitcoin and I want Bitcoin to succeed. For "leaders" in the industry to tell people to use a credit card when Bitcoin is a payment option to *maybe* save 2%, it just feels like bizarro world to me and a complete 180 from the community and energy of the early days of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2019-10-16 07:12:04
[On your taxes. ](