@_author: si8pa
@_date: 2016-08-08 02:11:12
specially for Bitfinex shareholders
@_date: 2016-08-09 00:32:15
Actually, I agree with most of what you say. 
I would be more aggressive, as Bitfinex shareholders have to be wiped out and management replaced. I don't think the company needs to be liquidated, I would bring professional mgmt and do a turn around.
Anyway, good to see at least some people have common sense.
@_date: 2016-08-06 23:53:21
Well, not exactly "mimicking"... 
First we have not seen audited financials, so we don't really know if customer accounts were on or off balance sheet. I have read contradictory messages. One thing is to have "segregated accounts" for security reasons and a different one is to have them really segregated from your balance sheet.
If client deposits are on balance sheet, depositors are most likely treated equally in a liquidation, as you are pointing out. HOWEVER, depositors are SENIOR TO EQUITY. In other words, firstly all equity is entirely wiped out, and then whatever assets the company has are shared among creditors according to seniority and some other rules. The equity is wiped out! to zero! is Bitfinex "mimicking" that?
If depositor assets are off-balance sheet, Bitfinex cannot simply take assets from some clients and give them to others. That's simply a theft, as plain as that.
So, there is no "mimicking", there is just a total shitshow that is becoming messier by the minute.
@_date: 2016-08-07 01:53:17
On b/s -- When you deposit money in a bank, that money becomes an asset of the bank (it is not yours any more). The bank tells you that it is going give it back to you whenever you like, so you have become a bank creditor. In other words, both the asset (your cash) and the liability (your claim) are part of the bank balance sheet.
Off b/s: when you buy a mutual fund, and most of the time when you buy equities in a broker account, those assets are NOT part of the entity balance sheet. They are just in custody on your name.
We don't know if deposits with Bitfinex were on or off balance sheet. They have contradictory information and they don't provide any financial whatsoever. The legal treatment is different. In any case, in both situations Bitfinex cannot just do as it pleases with your deposits, a "socialisation" of losses is simply illegal and would not have a chance in court, regardless of the fine print in their website.
@_date: 2016-08-08 02:04:51
could you refer us to a document describing EXACTLY what the BFX token is? Exactly means just that, no vague words, precise words, precise definitions.
If it represents in any form debt or equity on Bitfinex or a holding company for Bitfinex, could you refer us to financials of said company so that we can do a valuation?
Sorry to state the obvious, but it is impossible to value something that we don't know what represents.
@_date: 2016-08-07 00:21:05
the court will decide that, after it takes the ownership of the company from the current shareholders, a little detail to bear in mind
@_date: 2016-08-07 00:43:44
I don't have answers to those questions, I have not seen any financials (audited or otherwise). Have you?
This company equity book value with a sudden $70mln black hole is obviously deeply negative and the market value zero. Now, if people accept a haircut suddenly the equity is worth something.... entirely to the current shareholders. 
So, clients take the hit and bitfinex shareholders the reward, not a bad proposition they are making! Sweet!
If I was a depositor, I would claim 100% dilution of the equity and total distribution among the creditors. Otherwise, accepting a haircut seems a bit stupid. But hey, people left their holdings there in the first place, so I am not surprised by anything.
Good luck.
@_date: 2016-08-07 00:15:35
I don't know, maybe the company is capitalized. I have not seen financials, have you?
@_date: 2016-08-06 00:36:04
That's a very good point.
In general, you can lend an asset to a company and you would have very similar rights to those of other debtors, the concept is quite similar. However, financial liabilities have a very well defined seniority ranking that makes the legal proceedings much more clear. In addition, in most jurisdictions debts (included asset debts) are legally enforced in a fiat currency (the judge would settle a debt in a fiat currency amount after valuing the asset, traded assets are typically valued at market).
I guess that, in case of insolvency, due payrolls, some insurance liabilities or social security, taxes and maybe some senior debt would rank higher than this $60 million asset debt, but I don't think that would amount to much.
Bitfinex balance sheet is probably the $60 black hole, some other client deposits and its equity (which at this point is worthless).
@_date: 2016-04-28 07:16:25
Firstly, Rassah, thanks for taking the time in answering.
Business Plan: maybe we have different views of what a “solid BP” is, or simply I have not found it. Could you please post a link to your BP?
Uses of capital: I’m sorry, but when you ask for money, investors typically want to know a bit more on how you plan to spend it, “dev costs and advertising” is, how to say it, a bit vague.
We all want “as much money as we can get”, in a business environment this question is typically answered with a budget, targets and rational supporting it. Limited resources and unlimited wants is the very foundation of economics.
Investors rights: I cannot even start explaining what that means if you think you have it covered in your documents. Please, get some proper advice.
Conflicts of interest: we don’t know the companies shareholder structure, we don’t know the relationship between the companies, we don’t know the other projects the management might be doing, we don’t know who is going to monitor expenses…. There are no disclosures whatsoever. Again, I honestly think you need some proper advice if you don’t see potential conflicts of interest.
I am sorry but the description of the SAR mechanism is not up to the minimum standards. I don’t have the time to go into the details, again, you need proper advice.
“Will be provided in documents provided in the crowdsale” I’m not sure what you mean by this, if the documentation already provided is incomplete you should really reconsider the timing. You have to provide answers BEFORE taking the money.
Bottom line: the only reason I am spending some time in this is because I think you did a good job with your product and I was initially attracted to the idea. However, I honestly think business and finance is not your main strength and it shows in how you are approaching the capital raising, it is very unprofessional. Managing a business requires knowledge, not just good intentions. Good luck.
@_date: 2016-04-29 06:32:00
Rassah, many thanks for answering. Good luck with the crowdsale.
@_date: 2016-04-27 16:21:27
Again, these are just very basic questions that came to my mind when browsing through their offering. Anyone with a bit of investment experience would come up with similar initial concerns. 
I have not even thought about it too much, these concerns are just the beginning of the very obvious.
The legal structure is obscure, the business plan is inexistent, there is not even a minimal description of the uses of capital! How much money do you need? what for? how are investors rights protected? How do you address the conflicts of interest? Do you really think this is serious?
My honest words to the guys at Mycelium: when it comes to raising capital, apply the same level of professionalism you have shown in designing your product. If you are unable to do it properly, it is very questionable that you will be able to run a business.
Anyway, I might be completely wrong. Good luck to the investors and to the company. 