@_author: siarits-tc
@_date: 2014-05-18 23:23:36
A request to the Bitcoin foundation may also be a good start. I thought about doing a mass email to all businesses that have listed themselves on OpenStreetMap, but it sounds kinda spammy. Any other ideas on getting it to the top?
@_date: 2014-05-12 18:08:07
The value of businesses accepting Bitcoin is simply marketing. It helps break the negative stigma currently surrounding Bitcoin. It's not as valuable in the progression of the movement as what you propose, but every move forward is a win in its own right.
In a way, though, getting small businesses to accept Bitcoin is itself no small feat. It's use doesn't make economic sense for a business because Bitcoin can't be treated fully as a liquid asset like a fiat currency can. The majority of most business expenses cannot be paid for in Bitcoin, therefore forcing the business in question to treat it as an investment instead. However, too many investments drown a business and most small businesses cannot float large assets in long term investments.
TL;DR Everybody involved in this movement at this point is taking a big risk and deserves a pat on the back for any input they can give. 
@_date: 2014-05-18 04:35:36
Standardization without centralization starts with ... I'm sorry to say ... the hipsters. You make something cool and the big shots have to follow. This is just one piece of the Bitcoin marketing puzzle, and while there seems to be a strong coding talent presence, the marketing is still a bit lacking. Every detail counts for something toward the bigger picture. 
@_date: 2014-05-18 04:30:05
That's a cool feature, but it doesn't account for web only commerce where cryptocurrencies are defining their niche. Brick and mortar businesses are valuable to the movement, but we need to leverage all possible forms of communicating the presence of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2014-09-03 19:54:39
What I sell is custom metal fabrication and e-commerce solutions for small metal workers' products. It's not Bitcoin related, but I wanted to know if my Bitcoin integration was apparent enough and how well it functioned from a consumer's perspective.