@_author: sideofbeefhrc
@_date: 2017-11-29 13:06:35
George Soros would like a word


@_date: 2017-11-28 04:50:27
I fucking hate taxes. The shittiest one is probably property tax. Pay tax on the property when you buy it and then pay the government money every year for it or they'll steal it.
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:03:24
I understand what currency's intention is. Currency is not INTENDED to be an investment but it definitely can be (as Soros obviously took advantage of). I'm not saying I support treating Bitcoin as an investment, because I will never EVER treat it that way. But That's not to say it can't be. The same as a saying a car can't be a weapon because it's intended to be a tool for transport. But they're still used as weapons by terrorists. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 13:04:05
If you withdraw Bitcoins/convert into USD then they do. Sure it's great if you plan on using Bitcoin forever but you can't make big purchases like land or a house with bitcoin (would be pretty sweet if you could) so you'd need to convert some of that wealth into a usable currency, that's when they get ya.
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:52:18
Too bad capital gains tax rapes you if you try to take advantage of the rising value of the Bitcoin
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:03:29
so the statement in the sidebar of this sub is false then


At the very least it's incredibly misleading.
The only problem I have with the government being involved is that I like to keep them out of my life as much as possible. I thought this might be a solution so they don't get to see what I spend MY earnings on, but I guess i thought wrong. Ultimately, I'm looking for a currency that NO government can influence. All the federal government would have to do is pony up their media propaganda machine to stir up false panic about the bitcoin crashing and it would actually crash. And since there is nothing backing it we would be hosed. (yes I read that section in the "myths" wiki. I don't agree with that opinion. And that's all that was in the wiki, an opinion.)
I honestly don't see much net advantage for using crypto currency vs online banking transactions with something like paypal. The only way this currency succeeds is with a lot of hype, so I understand the bolt assumptive statements that are made in the "myths" wiki in the sidebar. 
i don't mean to be taking this out on you but since you did nothing wrong, I'm just stating it because it needs to be said. I think this entire idea of crypocurrency DOES have a place (mainly blockchain) but I don't think it's going to outright replace systems like paypal or our centralized banking system. Which is frustrating bc I'd LOVE to get away from the USD (or get the gold standard going again, but the Rothchilds won't have that)
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:15:12
Except you need a federal currency to exchange to begin with. Sure the digital asset broker like coinbase isn't used for every transaction, but neither is a bank. Physical dollars also don't require a bank, I can stuff them in my mattress if I'd like. 
This combined with the fact that you're using what essentially is a stock to buy and sell goods, is a bit scary. Sure the dollar changes value as well but it's not nearly as volatile as crypto. And the fact that it's backed by nothing opposed to investing in say gold. Gold is necessary now more than ever with electronics so it's resource that is only going to become increasingly valuable. 
"Clumsy" isn't something I like to associate with my finances. Sorry for arguing, I realize this just isn't for me. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:59:45
interesting. Thanks