@_author: sidjun
@_date: 2014-10-30 11:12:55
You are correct: fingerprints, or any biometric, is insufficient for authentication.  But, they are useful for identification which is the usage here.
The issued private keys are actually the authentication measure, although a better method might be for the voter to generate their own keys, and simply submit their public key during voter registration.
@_date: 2014-04-24 21:11:04
Who enforces the law against the government when the government breaks the law? Who watches the watchmen?
Should a protection agency break its legal obligation to a client in some way, and not try to rectify the error as good customer support (which happens often enough in reality), they would either think they are not at fault, or dare the client to challenge them.  In either case, unless the client drops the issue, arbitration would be involved to see if the protection agency is at fault.  Should that occur, a judgment would be entered against them.  If this is a reputable arbitration court, this can look bad on the protection agency for simply being found at fault.  Other agencies will use that as fodder to try and get clients to change service.
So now that they have a blight on their record, they also decide not to pay the judgment. Oh dear.  Well, besides also looking bad, the (presumably) former client probably wants the restitution that they are owed.  At that point, they would probably be paying another defense agency and maybe a collection service to get it.  The original protection agency, although unmoved by a challenging client, might figure out that it's easier to pay the judgment than fight against another protection agency or organization with manpower/firepower.  As long as the judgment amount is less than the cost of fighting: bullets, weapons, hazard pay, insurance, etc that would result from fighting over this single judgment, it would be a profit incentive to pay.
A real world example that is less about justice but equally about money is when big companies settle out of court for small amounts even when they aren't at fault and completely innocent because it is cheaper to pay the settlement than it is to fight it in courts...even if they know they'll eventually win and aren't in the wrong.
@_date: 2014-04-25 12:51:31
It's a fact of life that people often disagree on issues.  I understand that you might not see eye to eye with me, and you probably have had these discussions with "19 and undereducated" persons before, and the frustration of repeating yourself lead to your dismissive and presumptuous comment as it feels more succinct.
You can leave it there if you like, but I challenge you to present your view; to challenge mine, and have us work together to some greater understanding! I know you are capable, and I would be happy to hear what you actually have to say :-)
@_date: 2014-04-25 11:43:43


Just like in our current court system, it is your responsibility to find out if their is a bias/prejudice (prosecutor is your brother, judge is the other party's client) the same would happen in the private sector.  If protection agencies A &amp; B are against each other, then going to a arbitrator that uses B is definitely not in the interest of A.  *A* would fight for a venue that would be as favorable to it as possible, as would B and therefore they would find an arbitrator that uses something like C and has no other bias, else one party wouldn't consent to arbitration period and things would get violent.


There is a big difference between a natural monopoly and an artificial monopoly though.  What is the supposed advantage of being a monopoly? You get to dictate price.  Generally higher so you make more money.  A natural monopoly may be the only provider, but know if it raises its rates high enough, competitors would come in to capitalize on it, so they still have pressure from potential competition to keep rates reasonable.  What if there are some sort of other high barriers to entry preventing that from happening?  Well clients can drop them after the rates get unreasonable.  Internet is awesome, but if there is only one provider charging $200/month for 1mb down, I'll pass.  This, again, prevents a natural monopoly from being unreasonable, otherwise they lose the clientbase they're supposed to exploit.
Artificial monopolies use force to prevent competition and use force to extract payment whether the client wants the service or not.  That would be the warlord/mobster approach that everyone is afraid of, or at scale: the State.
@_date: 2014-09-15 18:38:18
I'm genuinely curious: what's the average spread with CC and what's the spread at BitPay?  Can you also provide sources for your numbers? :-)
@_date: 2014-04-25 15:21:15
I'm not saying there wouldn't be groups who try to establish artificial monopolies.  That is the history of the State after all.  All I'm saying is that there are those who wouldn't as well.
Think of it like this: in the United States, calories are cheap.  We can easily buy fatty sugary foods, and our bodies reward us with feel good chemicals when we do.  We thus have a problem with obesity.  Those who think an AnCap world impossible might liken our tendency for violence with our tendency to overeat.  It's in our nature, and it expresses itself with overweight populations and governments (in the case of violence).  This is all true, but it discredits all of the people who do diet and are successful.  Sure, many people diet and fail, but there are plenty who succeed as well.  It's undeniable that a healthy population is more desirable than an unhealthily obese one.  Just because there is a lot of evolutionary pressure and bad habits to combat in a world of overabundance, doesn't mean we shouldn't fight for a healthier life: a freer life.
There will be fast food restaurants around each corner, and warlords/mobsters around the next.  It doesn't mean we give up and "accept our fate."  We decide our futures!  We fight for our rights and our freedom!
Just like there are fast food restaurants that will serve unhealthy food, there are plenty of salad bars, and juice shops.  For every group that tries to wrestle all of the power away in an area, there hopefully will be groups or businesses that rise to restore it.
@_date: 2015-07-08 11:51:26
I'd have to agree with your vote and am torn between the two myself.
My reasoning:
* I do like the idea of *bits* being the Bitcoin unit that is commonly used.  Being comprised of 100 satoshis, it mirrors dollars and cents.  It's also small enough that when (not if wink wink) Bitcoin prices rise, we won't continue using decimals for all prices (aka that shirt costs 0.014BTC vs 14,000 bits).  So 100bits/kB sounds good.
* At the same time, satoshis could be considered the cents of bits, and from a marketing strategy, you would want to minimize the feeling of size associated with transaction costs.  Therefore, 10 sat/B sounds a lot smaller and negligible.
In the end, the marketer in mean and the desire for more simplistic numbers (smaller magnitude, and no metric prefixes) leads me to sat/B.
@_date: 2015-03-05 15:17:17
From the title of the post:


@_date: 2015-03-05 18:39:09
I just tried to signup and everything worked fine, no 500 error
@_date: 2015-02-18 14:09:05
Or legacy is forced on them and they chose to hire people familiar with the laws of the legacy system knowing it would be forced on them too.
Marijuana is just a plant, but the first businesses trying to grow and distribute medical marijuana were faced with similar circumstances.  Many businesses that tried their best to abide by all the regulations still faced raids, legal battles, and prison when not successful.  Marijuana legalization is slowly spreading, but it will take time.  Bitcoin faces similar struggles.  While the government still sees fraudulent Bitcoin companies and organizations as a "Bitcoin" problem and not a normal fraudulent companies and organizations problem, it will overdo the regulation and be unmerciful.
Bitcoin companies don't face the DEA, but FinCEN, the IRS, and other government orgs are already looking into them and forcing KYC (Know Your Customer) and AML (Anti-Money Laundering) regulations on them in order for them to stay in business and be recognized as MSBs (Money Services Business[es]).
It's possible their being "not very fun" is more expecting the government not to know how to take a joke, and so overcomplying in order to not risk the ire of the State.