@_author: sierraoscardelta
@_date: 2014-01-04 09:36:25
haha i find it hard to take font nazi's seriously.  image over substance and all that.  In my experience, and I work with a lot of designers, the ones that make statements such as the one you just made, generally have no clue about fonts, and make some of the worst font decisions ever.
Now you should go and look up what Impact font actually looks like, then retract your statement.
Just sayin.
@_date: 2013-12-07 23:56:37
as I understand it money markets in general will 'swing' on good news, bad news, and no news... trading bitcoin would seem to assume the same principles of any other form of stock/money trading from what I see, and that is to be effective you must not only receive good information, in a timely manner, but you must also be able to interpret that information properly, quickly, and make a best judgement on what you think the implications of that information are, then react accordingly.
I won't comment on china at this stage as there is not enough good information out there just yet that i've come into and I don't live there so I don't understand the environment their as much as I would like to.  
It seems to be a lot of speculation and reading between the lines just for now.  
I do think bitcoin enthusiasts were hoping china would be the country that finally stood up and said .. yup this is they way we should trade, lets end these debt notices that keep humans from ever realising their true potential, but we're dealing with empires and institutions that have existed long before us, and they love their red tape.
This is a great opportunity to make money trading... when there is a lot of uncertainty and a lot of irrational decisions being made.
It is unfortunate that people are willing to jump into something without fully understanding what they are doing or the implications of their actions.  These so called 'newbs' will more often than not, lose money, but yes, important lessons will likely be learned in the process.
But through this, others have the opportunity to grow from their own lessons, and information they've learned, and earn a healthy return on their investment and experience.
That is life I guess.  
To the original commenter: I don't mean to single out this particular comment as the place I put my two cents in, but it seemed appropriate because of the news and the newbs.  A recipe for fluctuation on the charts.  I too find it interesting.
@_date: 2013-12-25 21:57:14
do they know how to type g-o-o-g-l-e into their browser address bar?  if not then yea perhaps a paper wallet is beyond them