@_author: sifdg
@_date: 2017-02-22 03:39:20
Fiat is easy to spend, because obviously its been around longer... But so were horses. When the first cars came out do you think they were easy to use?
Finally, something isn't good because it's easy to use. Fiat is bad money, because the total supply is in unknown and barely controlled. It's simply a poor form of money which we all use because there was no alternative.
When I first heard of bitcoin - decentralized peer to peer money, I did not care. But then I started to learn how Fiat money actually works and was disgusted with what I saw. This made invest heavily in bitcoin.
Once you understand Fiat money, so many problems in the world like housing bubbles, wealth inequality and geopolitics start to seem connected and makes sense. It's sort of like all laws of physics like the benouli equations can also be explained through conservation of energy.
Money is like energy, its somewhat invoked In every interaction we make... You need to understand it..
@_date: 2017-03-08 02:52:58
You lost the keys and you have no backup?
@_date: 2017-01-03 13:05:38
 built an algorithm for BTC price prediction around that time in 2013.
Applying the algorithm I built in 2013, it has been within 85-90% accurate of current BTC price since then. (Removing whales and bubble driven outliers rockets this up to about 98% (97.~%)
As my footnote to that, pumping my current data into my algorithm gives us a bigger number than the one we have right now until about January 12th - 18th. (I'm not saying what that ceiling is, nor if the trend changes after the 18th.)
(Note: I do not and WILL NOT supply this to anyone. No price can buy this, I get offers all the time, I WILL turn them down no matter how many zeroes. So don't bother asking me for it. Feel free to call BS on me. I have specifically been contractually obligated to never disclose this algorithm, as I was working with an incubator team when it was created. It hasn't been patented, or filed, (trade secret) but I forfeit more than I'm worth if I break that contract. So, tough shit.)
Have fun everyone, don't invest more than you can afford to lose, and always remember to HODL.
-Shout out to Jason King, see you at next year's conference, if you weren't reserved I'll probably comp you a ticket. I really want more of those little paper bag swags.- --Doubt I'll be seeing Buterin there this time though. 