@_author: sighil
@_date: 2018-09-18 11:53:10
    Any computer that connects to the Bitcoin network is called a node. Nodes that fully verify all of the rules of Bitcoin are called full nodes.
    Archival Nodes
    A subset of full nodes also accept incoming connections and upload old blocks to other peers on the network. This happens if the software is run with -listen=1 as is default. Contrary to some popular misconceptions, being an archival node is not necessary to being a full node. If a user's bandwidth is constrained then they can use -listen=0, if their disk space is constrained they can use pruning, all the while still being a fully-validating node that enforces bitcoin's consensus rules and contributing to bitcoin's overall security.
@_date: 2018-09-18 11:52:57
I actually tried the ATM. This is the 2-way bitcoin ATM. The price is usually +/- 5% comparing the the market price. People are really can having fun in Bui Vien street without worry of not having enough VND!
@_date: 2018-09-25 02:42:28
He's upset that not enough people are using their own full node but its incredibly cumbersome already and Core/other devs aren't doing a thing about it.
The main issue I've run into is easability and privacy. I can run bitcoin-qt on my main machine but that requires me to leave the machine running 24/7. My machine is a powerhouse so if I leave it on 24/7 my electricity bill would skyrocket. For privacy, I can have the node use tor and only use onion service. So, what's my next step? Well I take the bitcoin node off my main PC onto a raspberry pi. Perfect! Its a low powered device and I can buy a cjeao 2.5inch portable hard drive to store the blockchain...BUT WAIT..HOW AM I GOING TO USE IT TO MAKE PAYMENTS? I have to hook up a keyboard mouse and screen AND act like its my personal machine when it isn't. It is not feasible to browse the web and run a full node on an ARM device.
What's the solition? Allow an option in bitcoin-qt to be used as a client. Let the user connect to a remote full node that also runs bitcoind on another machine. This way I can keep the blockchain on a relatively insecure device and cheap low powered device like a Pi but then do all of my "shopping", including signing, on a secured machine. The only thing the bitcoin-qt software does in client mode is send the signed transaction to the remote node and the remote nose takes care of everything else.