@_author: sigma3x
@_date: 2018-09-04 20:28:29
Econophysicist1: Great post, great job!
I have created the same data set and duplicated your results exactly. I totally agree with you that this is a remarkable finding. I also agree that it probably has predictive power -- for those that know how to use this.
I have also tested this same log-log linear model using different portions of the data for the fitting (say the first 1000, or 2000 data points) and then holding the rest of the data out of the fitting process for an out-of-sample test. The results from this are also good -- i.e., the predicted curve from the out-of-sample data is a reasonable match to the regression line you show here in your picture which was fitted using the whole data set. This alone shows that this model has some good predictive power. (The regression line slope and intercept change a bit depending on how much data is used for fitting, but the changes are not that great and are within the range of what one would expect.)
I have also plotted the cyclical movement of the price series around the regression line (like I think you also did) -- i.e., Price - regression\_value -- and then modeled this deviation from the regression line using a simple sine wave model with good results. This sine wave model suggests the following:
1. The December 2017 Bitcoin peak was \*possibly\* NOT a major peak like the preceding one in your graph shown around 3.27 on your log-time axis (late 2013), but is rather more like the smaller peak just before it at around 3.2 on your log-time axis.
2. If so, then a major peak surpassing the Dec 2017 peak is still to come during the next 12 months. My own sine wave model shows a peak (in the projected portion of the model) of somewhere between the  end of Feb and end of March 2019. This is where the projected sine wave peaks. I myself found this a little hard to believe at first, because before this exercise I had been thinking all along that the peak in Dec 2017 was a major peak and, therefore, that BTC would not see those levels again for years. But this new log-log model you have shown now makes me think differently. I now think Dec 2017 was a more minor peak like those shown at 2.9 and 3.2 (log-time) in your chart and that we may soon be starting another great assent up to the true major peak early next year (Feb - April time frame).
3. If we do experience a major peak in 1Q 2019, then this sine wave model shows that the bottom of that wave will come sometime in the 2022-23 time frame. If so, this means the next 6 months will be the best time to make money (going long) in BTC for the next many years to come. After this next peak in 1Q next year, the party may be over for years for a HODL strategy. Short term trading strategies, however, will still have opportunities.
Obviously these predictions may be wrong; I have no problem admitting that. But at this point this is what the data is telling me (from my perspective).
Thanks for posting your model !
@_date: 2018-09-05 15:00:54
Have you found that other coins, besides Bitcoin, also show up as linear on a log-log scale?
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:47:58
Yes, agree that we don't know whether vol will increase or decrease after futures are introduced. My point was that regardless, the vol in both futures and BTC should be similar, whether the vol goes up or down. Vol is calculated from the price movement, and the price movement of the futures and BTC will be similar. Otherwise arbitrage opportunities will get created. But such arb will quickly get rectified by traders and push the markets back into alignment with each other. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:52:21
There is "some" linkage. Because futures are tied to a BTC price index at settlement, the futures price and BTC price will almost always converge at contract expiration. Any divergences along the way create potential arbitrage opportunities between the two markets, which will then motivate traders to short the one market and go long the other (if possible), which will put converging pressure on both BTC and the futures. So this creates potential impact on BTC from the futures and vice versa. But this can only happen if it's possible to short BTC directly on some exchange, and in sufficient quantity. Unless its the futures that are much higher at some point than BTC, in which case people will buy more BTC and sell the futures to take advantage of the arb.
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:29:22
Okay, yes. Agree with you. No mandatory linkage. No CME promises to BTC.
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:15:06
This last part is not correct. The futures contract is settled in cash, not in BTC. No bitcoin required ever in any part of the transaction. At settlement date you either are paid cash to your account if you win, of cash is subtracted if you lose. This is based on the price of the contract you bought vs. a CME index value of bitcoin at contract expiration. 
@_date: 2017-11-18 14:34:01
That's since 2000.
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:32:11
Great question! If futures get shorted hard so that the futures price goes significantly below the BTC price, then an arbitrage opportunity will get set up, because at contract expiration the value of the futures contract and the price of BTC will converge because futures settle based on an index that closely tracks the price of BTC. 
Normally this would create downward pressure on BTC and upward pressure on the futures price to bring them back into alignment so that the arb disappeared (was traded away). But for that to happen efficiently, BTC itself has to be short-able somewhere -- on one or more BTC markets. Presently there are not many places where you can short BTC, and certainly not in big quantity. Therefore, my argument that big interests could manipulate BTC down by shorting in the futures market may prove more difficult than in ordinary markets where shorting can take place (stocks, etc.). 
The basic idea is that any gap between futures and BTC creates an arb possibility, and these are usually pounced on by traders because they are highly profitable. But bc BTC is hard to short, such arb opportunities between BTC/Futures may be harder to trade away, which means less downward pressure on BTC. We'll have to see how it plays out. Even though the BTC futures are cash settled, they are still tied to an index that tracks the BTC price faithfully, and this provides the linkage between the two markets.
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:53:43
Yes, and would make it harder for big banks, etc. who hate BTC to manipulate it down by shorting the crap out of it. Cash settlement is probably great for the enemies of BTC and not great for advocates of BTC. I predict BTC price appreciation is going to suffer once futures open. Big interests will try to kill it in the futures market.
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:23:49
Not quite correct. The volatility of the two markets will tend to converge, in the sense that if BTC moves x% over some time period, the futures contract will also tend to move approximately x% as well over that same period. If the futures market is working properly, the price movements between it and BTC will be very similar, except at times when BTC moves more than the allowable daily limits of the futures contract. At such times some price divergence can take place, but otherwise they should track each other closely. So volatility is not reduced in BTC and amplified in the futures. Rather, the volatility will be similar in both, but in the process the volatility of BTC may possibly get dialed down some.