@_author: signfe
@_date: 2015-07-31 03:54:59


Blockchains require miners for security. Without hashing power, you can't have security, and you can't have hashing power without a high market price.
You can't have a high market price without adoption.
If you and six other people have a shared ledger between you, it's not very decentralized.
In short, the quoted sentence is a farce. And to pretend as if fees will become "so high" that it's just you and six other people using a "Beanie Babie" Bitcoin limited to 3 tps is a ridiculous notion on its *face*. "nobody goes there anymore, it's too crowded".
@_date: 2015-07-31 00:15:45
Dogecoin undercuts Bitcoin fees by a huge margin today. No one cares, because practically no one *uses* DOGE. It just doesn't have the investorbase of Bitcoin. That's just the reality of cryptocurrencies. You can't use this bogeyman excuse, "Oh some altcoin which I have conveniently not defined whatsoever will also have similar adoption to Bitcoin and hence undercut it". Nope, sorry, that is just not credible. The "altcoin will overtake Bitcoin" bogeyman has been droned on about since 2010. It's pathetic to see so many people use this bogeyman excuse as if it ever had any merit.
So unless you have some groundbreaking cryptocurrency in mind that doesn't actually exist today, people will be forced to contend with whatever the Bitcoin fee market is, because no other cryptocurrency will have Bitcoin's network effect. The people who think "no one will use Bitcoin if fees are too high" simply don't understand that LN payment channels can be perpetual, and thus act as a poor man's, literally speaking, cold storage. "No one goes there any more, it's too crowded" similarly comes to mind.
Conversely, if it costs $10,000 monthly to run a node in which case running nodes can only be done in Amazon datacenters and other cloud companies, which are proxy controlled by the government, then there's nothing anyone can do except warn against it today.
Whatever the case may be, the people who get left out in this debate get permanently burned, because no cryptocurrency can supplant Bitcoin's network effect no matter what happens with the block size. This has been well understood for many years and it's what makes this debate so critical.
@_date: 2015-07-30 17:32:17
How about we put this "negotiation" in the proper context?








@_date: 2015-07-30 16:51:16


Yeah, by Electrum. Electrum server is [already straining to keep up with 1MB blocks]( Does Electrum [ceasing to exist]( at 2.5MB blocks constitute "strain" in your opinion?
@_date: 2015-07-31 01:01:16


Exactly. I'm relieved beyond measure to see this from you.
Highest network effect leads to highest market price.
Highest market price leads to highest hashing rate.
Highest hashing rate leads to highest security.
Highest security leads to highest number of high value projects using the blockchain. You can't put NASDAQ assets on DOGE for example.
This self-reinforcing cycle has been well understood for many years.


Perpetual LN payment channels *are* the low-cost alternative to Bitcoin's blockchain. Here's how it works according to the author of Lightning:
With LN and sidechains, it's very difficult to see how some other altcoin will be able to compete against Bitcoin on any front. Ethereum? Already integrated in Bitcoin and will be integrated into a sidechain. Cheap transactions? LN has it covered. Sidechains could also do cheap transactions.