@_author: silencingnarrative
@_date: 2018-01-05 11:48:57
Price of any asset is based on speculation on tge value of its fundamentals.  For bitcoin tokens the commodity value is that they allow you to make entries in an immutable datastore that is hard to censor and easy to read.
@_date: 2018-01-19 16:40:18
Because the new btc are evenly distributed to all holders, instead of concentrated in govt hands.  Did I really have to point that out to you?
What's next, you don't like stock splits either?
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:52:11
Plenty of alts but none of them have anything like 12 exahashes per second behind them.  BCH is closest with 2 ehps, then ETH and LTC with around 100-200 thps.
When the war on cryptos arrives, and it will, hashing rate is the firepower that will be needed to survive.  BTC has all that's worth talking about.
@_date: 2019-07-26 13:10:54
That possible end-game for social media (of the twitter/youtube variety), that people who are willing to pay for sense-making content to deepen their understanding of the corners of the world they care the most about will use bitcoin to build a network of good faith commentary that is capable of broad and deep analysis of the world, and that the advertising model will lose its leverage over the funding of the most influential thought leaders among us, seems more likely to me as time goes on.  Patreon without Patreon is a good description.
Jordan Peterson's rise to the world stage is the most dramatic example of the hunger for meaning and sense making that's not compromised by corruptible financing models.  Its a bit early to tell with Tulsi Gabbard, but she might eclipse Jordan in the twitter / youtube V MSM field test she is currently conducting.
Yes I know that twitter / youtube use the corrupt advertising model I am saying is on its way out, but they also embody elements of the network of good faith commentary and I argue its Jordan and Tulsi's ability to leverage those elements that have allowed them to resist the stakeholders trying to use the advertising model leverage to take them out.  It will be very interesting to see how Tulsi's lawsuit against google proceeds.
@_date: 2019-07-26 12:57:59
settlement speed and security, anti-fragility, and potential value in the chaos to come.
@_date: 2019-07-14 01:33:08
I understand the thought behind the assertion that btc is not backed by anything, though I dispute it.  The thought process goes like this: for a token to have value, it has to be exchangable for a good or service of widely recognized value.  Back when we are on a (fractional reserve, mind you) gold standard, dollars were exchangable for gold at a fixed rate.  So people could say the dollar was backed by gold.  Currently, the dollar is backed (in a weaker sense) by saudi oil, in the sense that if you want to buy oil from the saudi's, you first have to acquire us dollars, because the saudi's will only accept payment in usd.  This is a weaker sense in that there is no fixed rate of exchange between usd and saudi oil, but a market with prices that can change over time.  Nevertheless, demand for saudi oil is used to create demand for USD, and if the saudi's started accepting payment in other currencies, the value of the USD would fall.  I think it would be a serious blow to the american economy if that happened.
So, in this sense, then, BTC tokens are backed by the service of entering arbitrary data into the bitcoin blockchain, the most survivable, secure, and hard to censor distributed database ever invented (by a long shot).  Not at a fixed rate, because of the fee market, but more in the sense that saudi oil backs the USD.
The value of BTC tokens are, if nothing else, driven by the expected future value of the services that will be built on top of that database.
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:00:20
If he stopped travelling to pay his bills, and spent his time crafting youtube videos to explain how money works, or went on shows like realtime with bill maher, or the daily show, or john oliver, or financial talk shows, he would be more effective.
Have you seen his youtube on hard and soft promises?
He is delving quite far into the nature of money, and of the financial system, and taking a lot of us with him.
He is amazing.
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:06:10
Bitcoin is an honest banking system.  Wall street embracing it means they are embracing an honest banking system.  Wasn't that the goal of the occupy wall street movement that resonated the most widely?
So wall street embracing honest banking means that the legitimate goals of the occupy movement are being realized.
Only bitcoin is what did it, not occupy wall street.  Hence assange's tweet.
@_date: 2017-12-04 17:04:45
you are thinking along the lines of a windfall profits tax applied to bitcoin profits?  I am sure that will be proposed.
That's not going to stop bitcoin from destroying the banks, though.
Or were you thinking of imposing a tax on any bitcoin purchase?
That would be more destructive, but also harder to pass.
@_date: 2017-12-06 20:29:52
Can you believe that people think women make 77 cents on the dollar that men make for the same work?
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:38:06
That would also mean that moving money from one bank account you own to another would be a taxable even.  I don't think you could successfully argue that.
@_date: 2017-12-04 16:47:00
NSA bulk intelligence collection?  hello?
@_date: 2017-12-07 22:01:51
He is to bitcoin what Thomas Paine was to the american revolution.
Just watch [this]( and tell me your heart doesn't sing.
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:23:19
Added together, their hashing rate is not even 1% of bitcoins.  
Those features won't matter without the ability to withstand nation state level attacks.
@_date: 2017-12-26 09:28:52
@_date: 2017-12-05 22:25:08
A large participant (a company that owns a large market share) could be said to be running their area of a market.
Much like a general could be said to be running their particular battlefields in which their forces are engaged.
@_date: 2017-12-08 14:45:56
Depends on what you mean by conceal.  Do I have to tell the IRS all my bitcoin addresses, or just how much I bought and sold last year and for how much?
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:56:29
This year we are really going to need him on talk shows defending bitcoin and crypto.  It will be an all out war for legitimacy between the banks and bitcoin.
Paying his forseeable bills, relieving him of financial worry, is like installing a howitzer on our defensive perimiter.
Whoever is responsible for this, you did us all a great service.
@_date: 2017-12-05 17:00:52
I dont see how the security of the base layer being paid for by TX fees is particularly problematic.  The people who open payment channels to avpid on chain fees are locking their funds and also paying layer 2 fees.  We assume those fees will be far less than on chain fees but there will be some forces pushing those fees up and others pushing them down.
If it turns out that the fees people are willing to pay at layer 1 are insufficient to secure the network, then bitcoin will fail in favor of another crypto with a more sustainable set of incentives.
There is really only one way to find out.
Try it lots of different ways and see which wins in the end.
That's what markets are for anyway.  To try thing randomly abd see which ones work because the problem of designing consumer products is too hard for any team of experts to be trusted with.
@_date: 2018-09-03 15:04:30
The fact that bitcoin has succeeded as well as it has has called into question the dominant theories of how money works to a degree that those scattered pieces of history have become relevant.  Nothing focuses the publics mind to be able too see through a haze of academic bullshit like a thriving market that the existing theories are helpless to explain. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 16:56:44
I think power corrupts and giving the government the power to print money is just asking for the sort of corruption you are complaining about.
A better way is to relieve the government of the ability to print money. 
Which is exactly what bitcoin is well on its way to doing.
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:32:51
Which ones are way better?
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:32:43
Your post in this thread is my favorite, with your hair on fire image.  That captures the reality of the situation perfectly.
I expect the lightning network to slowly become usable over the next 12 months or so.
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:53:09
Trying to run a complex market without economists is like trying to run a war without stamp collectors.
@_date: 2018-09-02 01:04:32
I don't think people would hoard without inflation.  When deflation arises from productivity gains, the gain in value of currency arisis from the average gains across the economy.  Some companies and projects will do better and some will do worse than the average, so people will attempt to invest in projects that will beat the average.
The sort of dramatic inflation that occurs when large scale economic chaos is unfolding is a different beast.
@_date: 2017-12-04 22:28:22
You owe tax on interest on a bank account balance even if you don't move the money to another account.
I don't see how moving money from one account you own to another creates a taxable event.
@_date: 2017-12-04 16:50:26


Isn't that observation / assertion undercut by ...


Suggest to an economist that the government manipulate commodity prices in an effort to steer the economy, and you get an intense reaction against that together with a story involving economic actors signalling each other and how manipulation of commodity prices would defeat that signalling.
Suggest to an economist that the government should manipulate interest rates, and you get no such story.
That the problem.
@_date: 2017-12-06 13:27:51
Women are net subsidized by the government over their lives while men are net payors to the government over their lives.  Bitcoin makes it harder to tax people in general and threatens to relieve government ofvthe the ability to deficit spend by tipping the economy into deflation and thus making debt harder to pay over time instead of easier.
So we have to shut down bitcoin or women will suffer.
@_date: 2018-09-03 13:09:42
Why would removing fractional reserve reduce the number of people who could afford a mortgage?
Instead of banks printing money to make loans, banks would have to raise the money for loans from mutual funds.
So instead of banks raising the money by aggregating it over thousands of their depositors accounts, mutual funds would raise it by aggregating it over the people who bought shares.
Double and triple counting deposits doesn't bring the real resources needed to build houses into being (the list of materials and labor you started enumerating) it just creates more units of money to count the existing resources, thus robbing savers.
@_date: 2017-12-14 16:29:13
The problem people care the most about right now is the instability of the banking system and how to store value that can survive a possible collapse.  Credibility in that space is measured by network hashing rate (and lack of huge eff-ups) and bitcoin is so far ahead of the other cryptos there it isn't even funny.
segwit was only adopted in August.  I would imagine the lightning network will gradually become usable over the next 12 months or so.
If I wanted to do retail transactions in a crypto I would use litecoin.
Ethereum is interesting because they are trying to solve a harder problem than bitcoin.  I don't know if they will succeed but I like their enthusiasm and their hard work.  I split my crypto buys every month between btc, ltc, and eth for these reasons.
I really don't think we have a problem.  I am amazed that things have gone as well as they have and every morning I wake up feels like christmas morning with ATHs being broken left and right, and the CME allowing futures trading.
I have never been more jazzed about what bitcoin is doing.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:14:39
right but you are moving assets in-kind from one account to the other (if you define account by private key and count the change address as a different account) you haven't given anyone else the bitcoin, and you haven't converted it from btc to another asset type to have realized the gains.
@_date: 2018-09-20 19:39:28
Why exactly?
I can think of one line of reasoning.  People who bought a lot of bitcoin when the price was low are sitting on millions, and it unreasonable to expect them to not have to pay capital gains taxes on those gains.
Are there other reasons why that is unreasonable?
As far as possible solutions to that, what if there are a limit of bitcoin spends someone could make in a year that are likely to cover small day to day transactions?  Something like $10,000 per person per year.
So if you buy a car for $30,000 using bitcoin some amount of bitcoin that you only paid $100 for, then you would have to pay capital gains on that.
As for companies that do business significant business in bitcoin, a full accounting for capital gains would require a report including every transaction amount and date (together with an agreement on the official price of bitcoin for every day in a year).  So if we picture an amazon like company that would be a truly massive report.
I am curious about something, does verifying VAT tax calculations for a company not also require a report with every purchase amount and date?  Why is this harder than calculating VAT taxes?
It may be that a lot of latent problems are coming to a head and there will not be any way to preserve the existing payment and taxation system without a radical change to some of it.
I would argue that fractional reserve banking itself introduces such instability into the financial system that something like bitcoin would have to come along eventually to put an end to it.  The 2008 financial crisis brought many of the instabilities of the global financial system to a head and it doesn't look like the US or the EU learned most of the important lessons from that crisis.
I see no reason why a country that used bitcoin as its primary currency could not tax the economy in some reasonable fashion, but the existing concepts, relying as they do on total financial surveillance, may have to give way to a system that respects privacy and prevents widespread financial instability.
I realize that's a hard sell to the bureaucrats in charge of the existing system, but after the next banking system stumble we all may have to see things differently. 
@_date: 2018-08-18 13:28:42
While I agree that any particular technology is likely to eventually go from exponential growth to flat (airplane speeds, transistor density, ...) I think it likely that the overall technological gains in productivity will continue indefinitely.  The areas of focus will keep shifting.  One area we have barely scratched the surface of is protein engineering.  Understanding in depth how the innards of cells work will unlock a long string of tech payoffs.
Another limit to growth is our inability to educate people closer to their potential.  The internet and social media like youtube have been creating tutorials that open up classic subjects to much wider audiences (khan academy).  Around the world there are a lot of smart people with lots of time, but with no ability to, say, go to what we think of as college and pursue engineering or science.  The ability of those people to get training is growing by leaps and bounds.
Imagine the projects we could take on if the number of trained and talented engineers around the world doubled or tripled in a short time.
I do think that the nature of invention has shifted away from top down, low hanging technological fruit that could be invented by a small number of geniuses (electricity, automobiles, phones, radio, TV, antibiotics, ...) to innovations requiring a large number of people itreating on each other's insights.  And I think that, while fiat money worked well in the former era, it doesn't work as well in the era of broad participation in tech progress.
When most of the capital to make business loans comes from double counting depositors money (fractional reserve), and QE becomes routine, then it drains the economy of the scrunity required to sort solid business plans from sketchy ones, and we get low growth as a result of not prioritizing the solid ones.
Bitcoin is going to relieve banks of the ability to do fractional reserve and QE, and bring back interest rates as a way to quantify business plan risk and prioritize good business plans over bad.  This will unlock economic growth.
@_date: 2018-08-09 14:54:22
If an ETF were approved, this would allow fund managers to invest some of their fiat in bitcoin.  Those funds come from people's IRAs and 401k plans, for example.
That's a lot of money that people have saved and until an ETF is approved, those people are not allowed to use their money to buy bitcoin.
Their is a lot of pent-up demand that, if released, would bid up the price of bitcoin, and allow people to diversify their retirement holdings so that, when 2008 round II happens, and the banks stumble even harder than they did last time, those people won't be completely wiped out.
Its a big deal that the government is not approving any ETFs that would allow people to invest some of their retirement in bitcoin. 
One of the best use cases of bitcoin is to provide for a soft landing the next time the banking system collapses.  Removing barriers to that happening, widening the exit ramps from the fragile, over leveraged, fraudlent banking system is honorable and just. 
@_date: 2018-08-10 02:41:38
Ok. So that only works as long as the amount we are talking about is small relative to your life savings.  So my point is then about amounts that are significant relative to your life savings.
@_date: 2018-08-23 15:37:58


How could the government of Venezuela be any more widely ostracized for its economic chaos than it already is?
And if bitcoin did allow their economy to recover, why would the general blame for economic mismanagement fall at the feet of socialists instead of central bankers?


A scenario in which bitcoin causes an economy to rapidly grow would obviously help collect taxes, because people would be creating and buying physical property that was easy to spot, and thus, tax.
Suppose you run a restaurant in a bitcoin economy. How hard would it be for someone to get a good estimate of your cash flow?  From across the street, they could watch customers enter and leave your restaurant and count them at different times of day and the week.  They could look at your menu and see your prices.  They could simply look around and see what people typically ordered.
Taken together, those observations give you a good idea of the cash flow of the restaurant.  If someone tries to wildly understate their revenue to cheat on their taxes, it would be easy to call them on it.
@_date: 2018-08-23 15:25:15
Let's say some venezuelans have some property that they are willing to part with.  Imagine a family with 2 cars in working order.  They decide to sell one of them in order to be able to buy food.  Without a way to store value, a usable currency, they are reduced to trying to arrange a single exchange of the car for some amount of food at once.  Even if a person with extra food willing to sell was also interested in buying a car, its unlikely that they would have enough extra food to justify exchange for a working car at one time.
Now enter bitcoin.  People with extra food can do exchanges on a daily basis to build up enough bitcoin to justify exchange for a car.  And the family with 2 can now exchange for enough bitcoin to allow them to feed themselves for a few months of daily exchanges with food sellers.
When you deprive an entire country of a usable currency, you greatly reduce the small exchanges that keep people's needs and wants met.
There are enough venezuleans with smart phones and internet access that bitcoin could function as a store of value and medium of exchange.  I imagine the biggest hurdles are:
1. education: understanding bitcoin wallets well enough for most people to use them
2. plausible deniability: when the police arrest you and take your phone, the wallet needs to be concealed.  You need to be able to deny ownership of most of your bitcoin credibly.
3. being ratted out: when people start making exchnages with each other, a certain number of the people you meet are going to be government agents looking to rat you out as a hoarder, to initimidate the wider population with visible prosecutions.
@_date: 2018-08-17 11:31:48
That makes sense.  Thanks for clarifying that.
@_date: 2018-08-31 21:37:09
Ruthless prosecution of companies that tried to setup any sort of gold account system.  Read this section of the wikipedia article on [egold](
From that section:


@_date: 2018-08-18 04:13:29
It's an argument I am making, not a widely agreed upon theory.
I can walk you through my reasoning.  Let's start with deflation being the natural state of a technological society.
If you measure the cost of most goods and services in terms of the number of hours the median wage earner would have to work to afford a given amount of them, then you would expect that to go down from year to year.  Can we agree on that?
@_date: 2018-08-23 18:10:18
I would love to know more about how this actually works in detail.  I remember reading a little about it in "The Death of Money".
@_date: 2014-04-01 20:29:22
In [this]( post, tuplifutures goes through a transaction in which someone buys a cup of coffee with bitcoin and then has to report captial gains.  Is their analysis correct?
From the post:


This would mean that bitcoin has special requirements (as compared to dollar transactions) as a practical matter, even if the tax code is not theoretically making any special rules for bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-08-29 19:32:54
I don't think a 51% attack against BCH would allow you to steal anything.  It would allow you to mine empty blocks to prevent any transactions.  Which might destroy the value of BCH tokens.
How would a 51% attack allow you to steal someone else's tokens?
@_date: 2018-08-23 03:29:59
[This]( article describes the 1800s in the u.s. as deflationary during several periods, based on measuring the price of goods in gold.  Price levels were 50% higher in 1800 than in 1900.
BTW, what makes you think price levels in gold are stable throughout most of history?  That's hard to believe.  Can you provide some details on that?
I dispute your theory that a deflationary currency would cause low or negative growth.  The gain of value of a currency in a year would be the average growth of the economies that mostly used it.  Lots of investments would outperform that average, albeit with some risk.  The higher the risk, the higher the possible reward.
The sort of deflation caused by increasing productivity is a different beast from the kind caused by economic chaos (the great depression).
@_date: 2018-08-17 11:17:10
Because deflation is the natural state of a technological society, and it encourages people to save their money so that only the business plans that can withstand the scrunity of investors that would have to walk away from deflationary gains get funded.  This focuses the available resources on the best business plans instead of spreading it across all offered business plans evenly, which would lead to low growth. Which is exactly where QE has led us.
@_date: 2018-05-13 21:24:22
Right. And good luck proving that I didn't lose my keys when some stole my backpack that had my paper wallet it in.
@_date: 2014-07-07 04:19:33
All three were beautiful IMO.
@_date: 2018-05-25 09:50:44
I hope she in vindicated.  I think her instincts were correct to not sign the waiver.
@_date: 2018-05-19 13:14:36
I predict that the implementation difficulty of an n qubit computer will be exponential in n.  So the power required to isolate the computer from the surrounding environment double with every additional qubit.
Hard to say what the impact of quantum computing will be in the end but I doubt it will sweep aside conventional computing even for the problems it is particularly good at.
@_date: 2018-08-08 13:10:06
Before answering your question, I would like to comment on the article's bottom line:


For all the exploration in the article of the complex details of the fraud various banks and ratings agencies committed, the author's model of what banks and other financial institutions are and how they should operate is to "support enterprise, direct credit to where it is needed and be part of the system that generates investment and innovation."
Support enterprise by doing what exactly?  Make loans?  And where should the money to do that come from?  From the deposits that the bank is suppose to redeem on demand at any time?  That money should be lent, at risk, locked up for periods of years, and simultaneously be available to be withdraw at any time by the depositors?
That is unmistakable fraud, sitting right at the heart of the entire system.  How could you expect an unstable system built on trying to have it both ways at the very bottom to not invite people to build more elaborate fraud on top of it?
Now, on to your question.  I take it you are wondering why bitcoiners are interested in bitcoin ETFs, and the banking system's participation more generally.
Because there is a need for institutions that specialize in vetting business plans.  When someone wants to take out a loan to produce a new good or service, they people sitting opposite them should bring scrunity to the business plan and ask questions like
1. if you can produce this why can't others?
2. what sort of market is there for it?
3. how many units do you think you can sell, at what price, and how do you know?
4. what's the biggest risk that can take you down?
and so on.
What banks and other financial institutions should be are a place where people that specialize in criticizing business plans in depth gather to assess the possible risks and rewards of granting specific loans to specific businesses.  The interest rate and other terms of each loan should be the result of those calculations.  "The interest rate" over any given time period should be the average interest rate for the loans created over it.
Banks should, on the one hand, hire people that specialize in vetting business plans in specific areas of the economy, and on the other, offer certificates of deposit and other products that people can invest in that fully disclose the risks and expected rewards and that require the money invested not be redeemable until the loans it contains are due.
The problem with banks is that they didn't have to convince the people whose money they are loaning out to accept the risk of the loans they made.
Bitcoin has the ability to change this by depriving banks of depositors because it offers a more secure payment system and unit of account.  What happens after bitcoin accomplishes this is not that banks cease to exist but that they actually have to convince people to loan them money, at risk, and for a period of time, before they can loan money to businesses.
One of the ways to get us there is for banks and other institutions to offer more ways for people to buy bitcoin with fiat.  If the SEC were to approve a bitcoin ETF, then more fiat could be used to buy bitcoin.  Which would deprive more banks of deposits.
@_date: 2018-08-09 02:55:39
What would be an exploitation scenario where the banks use bitcoin to scam people?
@_date: 2014-07-11 19:54:27
Deflation is a bad thing from the point of view of the government of a country with a central bank because they generally rely on constant inflation to make their ever increasing debt easier to pay off over time.  If deflation were to take hold, their debt would become harder to pay off over time and their whole thinking about spending would have to change quickly to prevent the government from defaulting on its debt.
I grant that their analysis is correct, but I think the fault lies in a monetary policy that encourages perpetually increasing government debt, and not with the savings habits of people, and with the economic forces of greater general productivity that naturally lead to deflation.  
@_date: 2018-08-09 16:25:58
That's the right answer.  I am sure it happens, and that some people have lost millions.  Of course, once the utxo's start moving, if you really didn't lose the private keys, the courts could catch you if they could tie those transactions to your real world purchases.
So it's not like the ability to claim you lost the keys means you get to launder money without consequence.  But it does mean that the police would have to put some real effort into it.
And thus puts you in a reasonable bargaining position to demand due process.
@_date: 2018-05-16 19:43:57
You mean like how, when wikileaks started to destabilize american foreign policy and the DNC, the U.S. gov just blocked it?
@_date: 2015-12-13 15:04:08
Power relationships dont scale
@_date: 2018-08-23 11:39:20


If deflation is a result of productivity gains averaged over the economy in question, then the return from holding currency would have to be modest compared to the gains you could make if you think you know something that other people don't about a particular investment, and are willing to take some risk in that direction.
Your premise, that someone knew that bitcoin was going to grow by a factor or 10 and no force in heaven or earth could stop it, is absurd.  You can't take risk off the table like that.  There has been considerable risk in bitcoin.  Youd be crazy as a westerner to put more than 5% of your assets in bitcoin.  My estimate is that there is a 20% chance of bitcoin becoming worthless, and an 80% chance of it taking over the world.
Getting back to venezuela, one important factor there is that their currency inflates so quickly that people can't reliably store value in it.  This discourages investment far more than the wide availability of a deflationary asset would.
Venezuelans are starved for the ability to store value, which destroys most attempts to invest in most types of productive planning and risk taking, except for those well placed enough to be able to store value anyway.  What bitcoin can do is greatly expand the number of venezuelans who can reliably store value, and thus unlock the ability of the average venezuelan to start engaging in more productive planning and risk taking.
If the general usability barriers can be overcome in venezuela's case this could be an amazing rescue from the classic hyperinflation gambit of a failed state.
@_date: 2018-05-06 02:46:31
 When someone claims that currency is backed by something, they mean another good or service that currency can be redeemed for at a fixed exchange rate by an entity that would credibly do that and not fold when things got the least bit tough.
In bitcoins case, bitcoin tokens are redeemable for the ability to write bytes into the most secure hard to censor ledger that has ever existed.  Although the rate is not fixed but set by the fee market.
@_date: 2018-08-18 04:33:14
Would you agree that rule has held for the last 200 years?
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:38:39


They are able to provide you with free checking and bill paying because they are part of a corrupt finance system that allows a favored few to engage in fractional reserve banking.  The is one of many lies at the heart of the finance and fiat money system that bitcoin will start to challenge.
@_date: 2018-08-09 18:36:13
Spend it on what?
If its a serious amount of money, like $39k would be for most people, and you were going to buy a car, or fix your car, or pay for a medical procedure, then that will leave various traces in the real world that an investigator could tie to you.
@_date: 2014-03-21 15:12:10
For example, in Iran, Facebook is illegal.  The government blocks access to it.  People put up proxies, which Iranians can find faster than the government can block them.  As a result, Iranians have uninterrupted access to facebook, which the regieme hates because it was instrumental in organizing the protests during the 2009 stolen election.
The inability of the government to regulate facebook is such an accepted fact of life that the president of Iran himself regularly communicates to the masses by making facebook updates, while the apparatus of the state still blocks direct access to facebook and would shut it down if they could.
Now do you see the value in regulation resistance?
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:40:35
I was forced to pay for the fraud of the banking system in two ways recently: the 2008 stimulus package and the fed's quantitative easing.
@_date: 2014-03-27 20:33:42


The payment system is why its deflationary.
@_date: 2014-03-16 20:53:53
And paypal will charge you what percentage of the tip?
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:55:36


How close did the 2008 mortgage backed securities fiasco come to taking out the global financial system?
The heads of state, and their economic advisors, would tell you that they knew what they were doing when they acted decisively.  But if they really knew what they were doing, how could the 2008 fiasco have gone as far as it did?  There were companies putting their payroll funds in treasury bills paying a negative interest rate, because they would rather lose a know percent than risk depositing it in banks.
That fiasco called into question the very definition of money and clearly demonstrated that the fiat national currencies had failure modes that no economist with any power understood.
As chilling as your examples of what can happen with bitcoin are, they are small potatoes compared to what almost happened in 2008.
@_date: 2014-07-05 15:53:40
I believe the paper considered a 10% unswayable pupolation committed to one idea vs the rest being swayable and holding various ideas. In your scenario there would be more than one group if unswayables. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 16:05:40
I continue to be amazed at the number of high level government officials and representatives who have come to understand bitcoins's virtues, see how it will challenge the existing financial system, and think that is a good thing.
I would not have anticipated the support we are getting from all levels of government.
@_date: 2014-03-05 23:43:37
The point was how close we came to taking out the global financial system, not that we did. Had we, fdic insurance would not have worked. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 22:00:36
Any idea what a typical prison sentence is when you are caught money laundering using old fashioned means?
@_date: 2014-03-21 15:13:31
Value that would be lost if it weren't for the internet's regulation resistance.
@_date: 2014-03-31 19:29:59
Did you miss this part?






@_date: 2014-09-15 21:58:20
Do you really believe the BCB is banning bitcoin because they are worried someone might try to launder money?
Or do you suppose the widespread use of bitcoin would call into question the value of the currency and the corruption of the banking system in Bangledesh?
The first sentence does not advance a theory as to why anyone would want to ban bitcoin. "We are banning it because our laws ban it."  Huh?
I would be interested to know what sorts of jail sentences are usually handed out for money laundering in Bangledesh.
I wouldn't be surpised if it was a lot less than 12 years.
@_date: 2014-03-21 12:08:05
Regulated in what sense? Its regulation resistance is what makes it so valuable. Thats also what makes the internet so valuable.
@_date: 2014-07-09 14:10:37
Belief in an almighty god can be used to carry out terrorism. It can also be used to feed the hungry, clothe the naked, heal the sick, and house the homeless.
More generally, any idea can have good and bad uses.
@_date: 2017-02-16 17:45:52
I think segwit + LN is the right scaling solution.  I predict that litecoin is going to adopt segwit shortly and the LN will start functioning through litecoin.
As the transaction rate rises, and the bitcoin network refuses to support segwit, the value of litecoin will start rising relative to bitcoin until the pressure to support segwit becomes irresistable.
If the bitcoin network drags its feet too long, litecoin will supplant it.
@_date: 2017-02-10 17:50:51
That's exactly what I have been doing.
@_date: 2017-02-21 20:49:54
Ah.  I missed that you were talking about backing and not banking in your previous reply.
I take it by demurrage fees, you are talking about how a bank would charge you to secure your deposits directly, instead of making money by loaning out your deposits but not paying you any interest.
Yes, without FRB, banks would either have to charge demurrage fees, or require that you invest in a certificate of deposit at a certain maturity in order to qualify for a free checking account.  The CD would both pay interest and carry some risk of loss.
That would be how a non-fraudulent banking system would operate.  And it may be how the banking system operates once again after bitcoin successfully holds it accountable.
@_date: 2017-02-09 20:02:42
So btcChina will let people withdraw bitcoin but other Chinese exchanges will not?
@_date: 2017-02-21 23:03:19


The internet has proven itself highly censorship resistant.  Iranians were able to use twitter and facebook to organize their street protests after the 2009 election was stolen and the government came to see social media as an existential threat and set out to make those websites inaccessible.
They failed.  Everyone and their dog uses facebook and twitter in Iran to keep in touch. The president of Iran himself uses facebook to talk directly to the population, despite the fact that its officially illegal.
That censorship resistance has earned a wide and deep trust.
@_date: 2017-02-13 22:49:13
If you want fewer people to have access to clean water, restrict the number of people with the ability to transact.  If you want more people to have access to clean water, increase the number of people with the ability to transact.
Look at what mpesa did for the poorest of the poor.
@_date: 2017-02-21 18:43:28
You can measure the trust in bitcoin by its market cap.
Trust is gained and lost by degrees.
My prediction is that the trust the public has in bitcoin is going to grow a lot more in the coming years.
@_date: 2017-02-09 18:58:27
But bitcoin is a hedge against banks failing in china. If all you can do is sell bitcoin back to exchanges and deposit the yuan in Chinese banks, then you no longer have hedge against banks failing.
The government has removed the pressure bitcoin was exerting on yuan price.
@_date: 2017-02-16 18:07:23
Because the price of bitcoin it not going to continually rise years into the future.
At some point, a lot more people are going to have a reason to use bitcoin than currently use it.  That will probably be a failed state like venezuela with hyperinflation, or a country like China that is imposing heavy capital controls.  I think this event is likely to happen in 2017.
Once a lot more people are using it, the price is going to rise to a new stable level.  Hard to say what the end multiplier over its current price would be.  I would guess at least 10x.
Once that happens, we will have changed how people think about money.  Currently, only fiat qualifies in most people's minds as money.  Once an electronically tradable liquid asset like bitcoin starts to function as money on a large scale, it opens the door to lots of other ETLAs.
If you are willing to be paid in bitcoin, why not in fractional shares of IBM, or G.E. Harris?
Although it doesn't exist yet, there is no reason why, once the stranglehold fiat currencies have on the concept of money is broken, an open secure platform for trading fractional shares of stock would not follow quickly after.
Once those floodgates are open, bitcoin will have lots competition for ETLA currency and the price will not continue to rise.
We can't know that bitcoin is going to survive, though.  We can only know that something like it will.  If a fatal flaw in the node software were discovered, the bitcoin network could be destroyed in short order.
So it doesn't make any sense to invest more than you are willing to lose in BTC.  I am buying a small amount of BTC every month on the same day so I can dollar cost average my way in.
If bitcoin tanks, no huge loss.  If it goes to the moon and then settles, I will have made a great invstment.
@_date: 2017-02-21 18:09:27
Fiat will survive because bitcoin will force the central banks to adopt honest monetary policies instead of manipulating interest rates and printing money.
As bitcoins value grows, it will drain transaction volume from the fiat systems until the administrators of the fiat systems realize they have no choice but to stop defrauding the public.
Bitcoin is a crack in the dam of fiat money.  As more value pours into that crack and widens it, the dam operators will realize they have no choice but to repair the crack, at which point the value of bitcoin will stabilize.
@_date: 2017-02-21 03:24:17
I haven't burst out laughing like that in a while.  Thanks for the smile 
@_date: 2017-02-16 17:50:28
I wonder how far the LN can scale before it would start hitting a bottleneck of some kind.
There is no clear upper limit to the LN's ability to scale.
I think as the transaction rate on the LN starts exploding, the total fees earned over it are going to dwarf the fees earned by the bitcoin network.
@_date: 2017-02-14 07:58:01
That was a great introduction to asset class concepts and a neat application of basic probability to financial analysis.  Thanks for writing that up.  Now I am interested to know what sorts of clear (positive or negative) correlations exist between other ETFs.
I read Nassim Taleb's Fooled by Randomness years ago and while he didn't get into the actual math in that book, he seemed to be describing a philosophy among traders where they would notice relationships like the ones you were looking for and start trying to exploit them.  The relationships would hold for years sometimes during which the traders would convince the companies they worked for to put more and more money into those trades.  Then, in a short period of time (days to weeks), the correlations they had been relying on would fall apart and the losses would be so big that it would wipe out all of the gains the traders had made on the years leading up to those days or weeks.
Nassim had been protesting for years about the style of risk calculations  that finance analysts had been using that would boil risk down to a single number.  That sort of risk analysis had been used to justify banks investing in derivatives.  He eventually got so tired of trying to convince them that he started a fund whose purpose was to break even during  normal economic times and to make a killing during the economic crises.  He made several big scores that way.
@_date: 2017-02-20 20:54:50
bitcoin has a long way to go before it approaches the market cap of the fiat of a major country.
And long before it gets there, it will become an asset widely held by the citizenry of major nations.
At that point, its not going to be easy to ban.
@_date: 2017-02-21 16:13:47


They don't directly give a shit about central banking theory either, but they do directly give a shit about losing their homes and life savings in 2008.


The public has been steadily losing its trust in the government's ability to police banking.  You think someone who lost their house, or their life's savings in 2008 is going to keep trusting the government as they ask for more power, keep appointing bank CEOs to high posts in the treasury, refuse to send any of them to prison?
Any attempt to shut down bitcoin would require the government to have the power to prevent people from sending messages to each other over the internet.  Its going to look even worse when they attempt to do that than appointing former bankers to the treasury department.
I can't wait for the government to start saying that bitcoin has to be stopped to stop the scourage of money laundering.  The moment a high profile public official tries to do that in any format, the response will be,"Where were you when HSBC was caught red handed money laundering and no one went to prison?  When the fine was less than the profits they made?  Why should we trust you to police money laundering when you aid and abet the criminals perpretrating it using the full faith and credit of the united states?"
 
@_date: 2017-02-24 13:53:49
Dollar cost average your way in.  I am buying $50 worth of bitcoin a month on the same day every month.
Don't invest more than you are willing to lose, and don't try to time things.
Bitcoin looks like it has a solid future but a tragic protocol or implementation flaw could wipe it out.  What if fungibility becomes a real issue and ZCash becomes the number 1 cryptocurrency as a result?
Or the Lightning Network gets going on Litecoin before Bitcoin and really takes off, enabling microtransactions so powerfully that it surpasses Bitcoin before it can react?
All it would take would be a single highly visible event like Litecoin rescuing Venezuela from its hyperinflation to change the momentum like that.
@_date: 2017-02-20 20:55:18
like Iran trying to ban Facebook and Twitter.
How's that working out for them?
@_date: 2017-02-21 16:17:03
Trying to produce a cryptocurrency to out-compete bitcoin is like trying to produce a social media app to out-compete twitter.
Its going to take more than twitter's source code and brave talk.
@_date: 2017-02-15 11:23:19
So you are saying you don't think bitcoin could be used to cheat the public the way subprime mortgages were used to cheat the public in 2008.
I think one of the biggest problems with modern finance is fractional reserve banking, whereby banks create more deposits among their accounts than they actually have.
It's a ponzi scheme at the heart of the whole system. 
If banks or other financial institutions start using bitcoin in some fractional reserve system, bitcoin could indirectly contribute through that system.
@_date: 2017-02-21 18:06:36


You think the idea of people negotiating transactions using electronically tradable liquid assets like gold, other commodities, or bitcoin (payment network tokens from a limited supply with certains security/functional properties) is doomed to fail because a system of fractional reserve banking that used a currency backed by a fractional reserve of gold blew up 100 years ago?
The idea of asset backing the currency was the problem, not the second order fractional reserve pyramind scheme financing?
@_date: 2017-02-15 11:11:46
@_date: 2017-02-18 14:53:35
That was a nice overview of the strategic landscape.  Your main point about the talented developers that bitcoin has attracted being one of its main strengths was one I hadn't thought of.
@_date: 2017-02-12 12:59:35
Sounds like you are describing fiat+central banking after all the low hanging technological fruit of the 20th century was plucked (electricity, cars, planes, antibiotics, indoor plumbing, radio, TV, ...) and further wealth generation requires the active participation of millions of tinkerers (instead of lone tinkerers like Thomas Edison,  Tesla, ...).
@_date: 2017-02-09 22:43:04
What is KYC?
I agree it is reasonable for the government to require exchanges to implement some AML steps, but what would strict AML steps look like?
Reasonable steps would be that the exchange has established who their account holders are.  Their home and work addresses, phone numbers, that they actually work at the companies they say they do and those companies exist an so on.
I grant you that if they are allowing withdrawls of bitcoin from btcchina because it has already demonstrated that it has taken reasonable AML measures and the other exchanges havent, then this looks legit on their part.
I would expect there will be a large withdrawl of cash from okc and houbi and a big influx the btcchina.
@_date: 2017-02-09 20:15:15
I wonder why the government is only imposing bitcoin withdrawl ban on houbi and okc?
The phrasing of the announcement, that the gvt is worried about pyramid schemes and money laundering (vague assertions of consumer protection concerns) makes me think it's the competition from bitcoin that the authorities are really worried sbout.
And if consumer protection is their motivation, why get rid of zero fee trades?  To protect consumers we need to charge them more?  What sense does that make?
It makes sense if the banks are worried that bitcoin is competing too well with their payment network.
I wonder if this has anything to do with the 1 year maturity on wealth management products and the 5 year maturity on the construction loans banks in china make with those deposits?  Now *thats* a pyramid scheme.
Maybe the gvt should investigate that if it cares so much about consumers.
@_date: 2016-01-11 14:42:43
That's a very interesting stat for measuring an industry.  I've never given it much thought.
I think the article was misleading when it claimed that, because credit card companies are making 2% of the retail sale that they are making as much as the grocery store and its employees are.
The grocery store's profit is around 2% of the retail sale, while the credit card companies gross revenue is 2% of the retail sale.
I would guess that a credit card company's margin is higher than 2% (of their gross, mind you, not of the retail sale), but it would have to be almost 100% for them to be "making as much money as the grocery store itself".
@_date: 2017-02-13 17:27:31
There are lots of vpn services specifically designed to get around the iranian Internet filter.  HotspotVPN is one of the more popular ones.  You can download an android app and be up an running in no time.
Everyone and their dog is on facebook in iran.
Despite the govt deeming facebook and twitter a serious threat after its widespread use in organizing the 2009 election protests.
BTC would be a lot harder to censor than twitter and facebook.
@_date: 2017-02-15 00:03:26
And one other thing.  A smart phone accessible trading platform that allows anyone to trade fractional shares of most liquid assets , like stocks, needs to not exist.
As soon as it does, all sorts of other liquid assets start to compete with bitcoin and lower its price.
I think this is what bitcoin is ultimately going to do: change the nature of money from only fiat to any electronically tradable liquid asset (ETLA) of which bitcoin would simply be the first and most flexible.
Bitcoin may even be one of the layers upon which the ETLA trading platform is built.
Fiat currencies will still exist, but central banks will not be able to use them as levers to manipulate the economy any more.  As soon as they try, the purchasing power of the currencies will start to fall, and consumers will simply shift their usage toward ETLAs until the central banks learn their lesson and stop trying.
@_date: 2016-01-07 03:26:16
Yeah but what you want is people to create goods and services that are useful and efficient.  If the government prints money, and then spends it randomly, it doesnt reward the combination of insight, hard work, and pure luck required to create the right goods and services.  The ones the economy is starved for.
@_date: 2017-02-21 19:49:24
I think FRB predates central banking, and the banking crises it caused paved the way for central banking.  The thinking was to spread the risk so far and wide that it would be a lot less likely to happen.
So instead of having a run on the banks every five years or so, the crises took longer to happen but were more severe, affecting the whole country when they did happen.
2008 was not the first banking crisis.
@_date: 2016-03-03 04:08:37
The solution is to remove the power of the government to print money, and to remove the ability of banks to get away with fractional reserve and not be prosecuted for simple fraud.
@_date: 2017-02-13 14:21:51
Yeah, just like they jail anyone trying to use [twitter and facebook](
@_date: 2017-02-21 18:47:23


BTC functions as a payment network that does not allow fractional reserve banking.  Fractional reserve banking is one of the reasons banks are able to make so many loans and dominate the lending market.
BTC is going to challenge that.
@_date: 2016-01-07 03:32:18
You can cause hyperinflation anytime you want, but you cant necessairly achieve a modest amount of inflation simply by printing money.
Once the credibility of the financial system is lost, money will become worthless very quickly and the central bank will be helpless to restore it.
@_date: 2017-02-21 17:53:52
I think that's exactly how its going to play out, BTW.  Bitcoin is the first frictionless electronically tradable liquid asset (FETLA).
As its market cap grows, it will put pressure on those fiat currencies governed by corrupt monetary policies and the ability of banks and other financial institutions to cheat through practices like naked short selling.  The value of those currencies will fall relative to the value of bitcoin.  As the any given country's banking system reforms, however, and adopts sound policies and curtails fraud, the value of that country's fiat will not continue to fall relative to bitcoin.
So I see bitcoin as a way to hold central banks accountable.  It will, finally, force their hand.
The fact that central banking theorists are going to lose their shit (and finally be seen as the charlatans they always were) along the way is just gravy.
@_date: 2016-01-10 21:48:00
Coinbase charges merchants 1% to convert back to cash.
If 2% is what merchants pay merchant banks for taking on the risk of the retail transaction (if the consumer doesn't pay their cc bill, the merchant bank takes the loss, not the merchant), then I would say that's reasonable.
It is hard to believe, though, that a typical grocery store margin is 2%.  That implies that the merchant bank's revenue is equal to the grocery stores profit.
Of course, the merchant banks profit is going to be less than that.  They have costs also.  The merchant banks are not making the same money that the grocery store is.
@_date: 2016-01-14 22:05:21


What do these death threats amount to?
@_date: 2016-01-07 03:27:43
Or, put another way, what does it matter, exactly how mnay zeros are on the end of your printed bills?
@_date: 2017-03-11 14:04:38
The risks to investors in bitcoin outlined in that letter are real.  So what?  Is the SECs job to prevent investors from taking risks?
I don't see how those risks put bitcoin in any special category that investors have no idea how to handle.
Bitcoin is mostly hoarded (only a few percent of the mined bitcoin trade daily).  I spend less that 1% of my cash holdings in a given day as well.  What percent of the real estate in existence is traded in the course of a day?
Of you are going to say hoarding is a problem, you need to first explain why the average investor would be surprised by that fact and how that would lead them to make bad decisions.
@_date: 2016-01-14 23:10:24
I meant, does anyone know what the author was referring to when they mentioned death threats?
@_date: 2016-01-07 11:26:23
Why would anyone want to break the stalemate?  I am enjoying how Snowden caught the government red handed and they cant seem to bring themselves to admit it.  Snowden has captured the moral high ground and the government's attempts to justify their mass surveilance in the wake of his victory keep falling flat.  I would like that state of affairs to last.
@_date: 2017-03-21 21:48:03
The properties of payment vehicle and store of value typically go together.  The fact that bitcoin has been a useful store of value so far while not being a useful payment vehicle (for sub $100 payments) does not mean that it will continue to be a useful store of value if an altcoin with the same monetary policy and security guarantees (protocol and overall hashing rate) adopts a second layer solution that scales to visa levels and beyond.
My bet is that if bitcoin refuses to adopt segwit and litecoin does, litecoin will displace it.  If litecoin fails to adopt segwit, then another altcoin will and that one will displace bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-11 19:27:23
That's an amazing margin to be making.  That does seem like a corrupt industry, based on that figure alone.
@_date: 2017-02-14 13:21:44
What do you mean by using returns instead of price?
You mean to pick one starting time for each asset (and therefore a starting price) and look at the covariance of those returns instead of looking at the price covariance over the analysis period?
edit:  the more I think about that concept, the more I like it.  If you didn't pick a starting point in time, just taking the covariance over the analysis period means you are in effect using the average price as the starting price.  That doesn't reflect any realizable investing strategy.
@_date: 2019-03-11 18:00:29
I think that only works as long as the primary use case remains a hedge against the banking system failing through HODLing.  If any of the other use cases pick up volume, such as
1. people in economies suffering from hyperinflation (Zimbabwe, Venezuela, and possibly Iran soon) using btc to store value and as a medium of exchange, which jump starts their economy as a result
2. refugees from patreon/paypal/youtube using services like bitbacker.io to monetize political commentary and escape censorship
3. remittances
then I think the banks would have to lose money consistently at an alarming rate in that sort of manipulation.
And, of course, the banks will lose the ability to keep btc's price low if the main hedge use case materializes: the banking system itself is unstable thanks to rehypothecation and comingling, if we had another ponzi collapse like Lehman with more claims to underlying assets than underlying assets, only much bigger this time thanks to the [CCPs](
@_date: 2019-03-27 19:48:58


In the long run, simply buying bitcoin would pay off better than using money / resources to mine it.  However, in the short term, mining bitcoin makes as much sense as any other productive use of your time / money / resources that provides a steady income.
There is always some risk that bitcoin becomes worthless, BTW, in which case any effort put into mining would have at least made money before that event.  Again, like every other way to make money / use your time.
I really don't get your objection.  Do you have 100% of your portfolio invested in holding bitcoin?  Mining bitcoin is like the X% of your portfolio that you don't invest in holding bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-15 00:35:12
Do the messages have a general pattern in how they are written, or do they come in lots of different types?
I would think that if someone, or a small group of people, were sending lots of death threats as an intimidation tactic, there would be a pattern in the text that a trained investigator could use to get clues about who was behind them, how serious they were, ...
Have you ever worked with the police on investigating the death threats?
@_date: 2019-03-02 15:11:05
I think the future economy is going to change from most people working for companies and not doing much direct commerce, to people forming small companies and processing payments themselves.  At which point these regulations will amount to telling people they can't do those things.  No thanks.
@_date: 2017-03-11 13:29:53
I was getting at how the financial system, as overseen by the SEC and other agencies, has obvious fraud vectors that allow big players to act very shady.
I picked a bad example in that the SEC did ban naked short selling, although not until after 2008.
Better examples of the fraud in the financial system supported by regulation would be money laundering by HSBC.
@_date: 2017-03-11 03:51:58
If the SEC is not actively aiding and abetting high fraud againt the public, then why does it allow naked short selling?
@_date: 2019-03-11 14:51:21
I am not really following the mechanism you describe above, but if it were that easy to manipulate the price of bitcoin to keep it low, then why don't banks simply do that until people lose interest in bitcoin.  I want to understand the limits of that strategy also and you seem to be arguing that it has no limits.
@_date: 2019-03-19 17:13:35
How many people out of 10 have a smart phone that could run a crypto wallet, and how do those people get internet access (through cell phone network or by using wifi at public places like restaurants)?
@_date: 2019-03-28 17:22:55
I agree that if your goal is to acquire BTC and hold it, the best route is to buy it.  I do think that is a good goal, and that somewhere between 1% and 5% of your investment portfolio should consist of that.
However, once you've invested to that extent, there other profitable ways to spend your time and to build competence in bitcoin fundamentals, and mining is one of them.  If you are mining, I would think you would want to convert the BTC into USD every month, if the amount you are mining is above the 1-5% buys you should be doing.  If its well below that, then hold the BTC mined, and just buy the rest to get you to your X% level.
@_date: 2019-03-10 15:28:10
I would like to understand how banks suppress the price of gold. Do you understand the mechanism?
@_date: 2019-03-13 21:20:09
I stated that deflation caused by technological progress + hard money (fixed supply, in other words) is self correcting.
Deflation caused by economic chaos resulting from the collapse of a fractional reserve gold standard is a different beast, or deflation caused by the collapse of asset bubbles caused by there being more claims on assets than underlying assets to back them (fractional reserve in another form) are not self correcting in a fiat system, I concede.  On the other hand, without a fiat system, you wouldn't be able to set up a fractional reserve house of cards to begin with.  So that's self-correcting in the sense that you can't even setup that scenario.
I am not the one conflating those two types of deflation (asserting the properties of one against the other), although I do think the same silver bullet rules out both (but for different reasons).
@_date: 2019-03-12 15:54:36
The monetization of the citizen journalist.
@_date: 2017-03-09 12:05:27
Why is there no easy way to short bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-03-15 02:01:46
You could say the same thing about ebay.  First mover advantage is crucial.
Also hashing power is a unique property.
@_date: 2017-03-11 19:42:31
It's a valid reason for an investor to be wary of bitcoin.  Does that make it a valid reason for the SEC to not approve an ETF?  So the SECs job is to prevent investors from taking risks, and they treat investors like children, approving what toys they can play with?
@_date: 2019-11-06 20:06:57
It really depend on the confiscation scenario.  I agree with your comments if you have some BTC that's worth a lot, and you try to spend it to buy observable things to make your life easier (like pay off your house, other debts, ...) and then think you can sit on the rest and claim you lost it.
However, if you bought some BTC on coinbase (meaning the IRS knows you did that), moved it to a paper wallet and then sat on it, and then the banking system collapses in a 1930's style and the president then declares it illegal to own bitcoin and requires all citizens to hand over their BTC to the government (like it did with gold in the 1930s via executive order), I think claiming that you lost the paper wallet would fly in that scenario, allowing you to ride out the chaos so that when sanity returned, you would still own your bitcoin and be tremendously wealthy.
When people use BTC as a hedge against the coming banking system collapse, its that type of unconfiscatablility they have in mind.
@_date: 2019-03-23 18:08:11


On the bitcoin blockchain.  Most microtransactions would take place over the lightning network.
I notice that when we discuss how a mechanism could possibly work (tokenization of assets), you then specify a detailed regulatory apparatus around it, as an extension of the existing SEC framework.
I don't think the mechanisms that are going to gain popularity will be as easy for the SEC to completely control as you think.
Brokerages and banks will still exist, bUT their ways of doing business will have to radically change.
Among other things, they will lose the near cart blanche they currently enjoy to rehypothecate assets.
@_date: 2017-03-21 16:13:31
Jihan is leaving out a pretty significant feature of the strategic landscape in his sketch.  With segwit, the volume of bitcoin transactions could scale so far beyond the current volume that the number of on-chain transactions (through consensual payment channel closures) could be far higher than the current number of on-chain transactions.
If enough people believe that assertion, then another cryptocurrency like litecoin or ethereum will beat bitcoin to the punch and start taking retail level transaction volume away from credit card networks and will start gathering a share of the micro transaction market.
I suspect the miners who are blocking segwit want litecoin or ethereum to take that risk and think that, once their transaction volumes explode, they can enable segwit and steal the transaction volume back.
I predict that if things play out that way, bitcoin will lose the overwhelming majority of the market cap it now has (I mean as a percentage of the whole crypto currency market cap) in favor of whichever upstart enables segwit first.
@_date: 2019-11-16 13:00:53
Yeah but global debt is just debt we owe to ourselves.
@_date: 2019-03-14 20:44:57
Well done.  I've never encountered that counter before, and I make this argument often.
I think the assumption on my part that bitcoin will be so successful that it creates a fixed supply of money has to go.
I don't think its possible for there to be a strictly fixed supply of money.  As good as bitcoin is, there is always the risk that some exploitable protocol flaw will be discovered that will render it worthless.  Or that another crypto currency will come along with a better overall set of incentives between wallet holders, node operators, miners, and developers.  Or that another crypto will come along with better protocol details like signature algorithms, proof of work algorithm, block distribution mechanism, block reward handling and privacy guarantees.
So at a minimum, there will always be a number of forms of money that compete for market share and the combined market cap of those will grow and shrink over time.
So by sitting on any one form of money, the holder is making a bet, not unlike the bet one makes with holding shares of stock, and thereby taking a risk.
I do think that those bets will yield a much more predictable return than, say, buying shares of an index fund like S&amp;P 500 and holding that, but you would be nuts to put most of your savings over your working life into a top dog like bitcoin and not invest in other asset classes.
I do think that central banks will lose the ability to manipulate interest rates through printing money and fractional reserve (because people will park their cash into hard cryptos rather than allow CBs to steal from them), and that this will push the economy into deflationary territory, at which point fiat currencies will also stabilize become mostly deflationary.
So while overall I expect the money supply to stabilize and no longer be easy for CBs/GVTs to manipulate, the exact supply will fluctuate just as commodity prices do relative to one another and economic conditions.
That said, the banking system is so fragile compared to the bitcoin network that, when it next stumbles, I expect the current top dog, bitcoin, to suck up a huge amount of liquidity in the process.
So I believe our original point of disagreement was whether small amounts of deflation were enough to cause an economy to go into a death spiral, or if they tend to fix themselves.  If they generally don't fix themselves, then the argument for outlawing hard cryptos starts to gain teeth.
I am still asserting that small amounts of deflation fix themselves, and attempting to ban the use of hard cryptos is like trying to ban criticism of the government in order to reinfornce its authority so it can fix things more efficiently without criticism.
@_date: 2019-03-18 03:39:32
I am not really following your argument, but I did concede in another comment that bitcoin will probably not be able to vanquish other forms of money so completely that there would be a limited amount of money thst people would be willing to accept as payment.
I do think that it will relieve banks of the ability to print money arbitrarily (to engineer the money supply).  The money supply will vary in size from year to year as does the supply of other commodities.
If nothing else, the tokenization of shares of stock would allow people to pay each other in shares of ibm, or g.e. harris, ...
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:53:06
The bank offers a certificate of deposit where they pay you interest if you leave your money with them for x years.  They then use that money to make loans due no later than x years. They charge the loanee for more interest than they pay you.
@_date: 2019-03-12 23:22:05
You would think that it would be possible to keep the cell phone networks working, even with most of the power generating capacity gone, and even if its only at a reduced capacity.
I wonder if the government managed to do that, or if the cellular networks are down as well.
If the cell phone network was prioritized like that, bitcoin may still be usable.
@_date: 2019-03-18 19:50:00
I think that if we relieved banks of the ability to engineer inflation (which hard cryptos are one 2008 crisis away from doing), and money creation occurred through market forces like commodity creation did, we would have periods of mild market driven deflation and inflation as a result.
Bitcoin and other hard cryptos won't establish a strictly limited money supply because they will enable the tokenization of other asset classes (like shares of stock), rendering them frictionless and liquid and therefore, usable as p2p money.
If governments refuse to allow the tokenization of other assets, then the hard cryptos will tend to strictly limit the money supply and cause deflation as a result.  Even that is self correcting, though, and will not result in deflationary spirals.
@_date: 2019-03-18 18:41:29
\&gt; Furthermore, Bitcoin may be the top cryptocurrency, but as long as  people can continue to create more cryptocurrencies, then inflation can  never be truly controlled- and as long as there is money to be made in  doing so (which there is), people will continue to do so.
It may be easy to create an alternative cryptocurrency, but it is not easy to persuade people to mine it.  Bitcoin's market cap is going to tend to be proportional to the watts burned in securing the network.  I don't think an alt will be able to take much market share away from bitcoin unless it offers some protocol feature bitcoin lacks, like privacy.  And even then, it has to do so in a way that bitcoin can't just adopt.
The real reason bitcoin won't end inflation is the tokenization of other assets, rendering them liquid.
However, for that to happen, governments have to embrace it.  The harder they try to frustrate tokenization, the more bitcoin will clamp down on inflation.
@_date: 2019-03-21 04:31:03
Suppose a brokerage that owned 1000 shares of IBM sold 10 crypto tokens that were redeemable for those shares.  They promise that, if you go to them and xfer a whole token from your wallet to theirs, they will produce a stock certificate for 100 shares of IBM for you that you can then take a deposit into a traditional brokerage account.
Those tokens are divisible down to a hundred millionth of a share of stock.
By embrace tokenization, I mean the government would enforce the terms of a promise like that so that people could trust a company to honor the tokens.
Another sense in which a government could embrace tokenization would be if they recognized the legitimacy of a company selling tokens to raise capital and holding shareholder elections by counting fractional votes from fractional tokens.
@_date: 2019-03-30 20:21:00
It only makes sense in cases where your price of electricity is low enough to make a profit.  As in the OP's case.
@_date: 2019-03-14 17:43:14
\&gt; The issue would be if other economies don't inflate at similar rates they can gain purchasing power over us.
If that would grant a huge edge to any country that did it, wouldn't it be certain to not only happen in a few countries, but to spread once it did, draining liquidity from the economies that continue to inflate and bring that the printing of money to an end?
@_date: 2019-03-14 14:53:51




If the value of money is appreciating at a faster rate than the value of residental homes (in a given area, or in the country overall), that would mean the nominal price (units of currency required to buy) of homes was declining.
If someone rents instead of buying a home, then they are still consuming 'the ability to live in X sq ft of finished space' by spending money on it via a monthly rent payment, instead of via a monthly mortgage payment.  Paying monthly rent instead of  paying principle and interest on a mortgage payment is not 'delaying spending money on consumption.'
People can delay their thirst for a nice house / apartment to live in for some time (say, while they go to collage, start their career, and find a partner) but the longer they do, the more intense the desire to live in a nice house / apartment becomes.
I am not seeing housing as being any different from other deflationary goods (cell phones, computers, TV, appliances) in this respect.
@_date: 2019-11-02 21:25:44
Not if the certificate of deposit stipulates that when loans go bad, the CD holder suffers a proportional loss.  This is how a bank can make loans while maintaining 100% reserve.
@_date: 2018-10-26 15:05:43
Cheap in the sense that they have a lot of newly built power plants that are producing more electricity than they can put to productive use (since you build more capacity than you initially need, factoring in the expected growth in the surrounding region) , so using the extra power to mine bitcoin helps pay of the plant faster.
That's not exactly a subsidy of bitcoin mining by power plant builders.  If anything bitcoin is subsidizing the building of remotely located power plants because it allows the initial investment to be paid off faster.
@_date: 2019-03-13 18:55:59
I invite you to dispute the premises.  I was not asking you to accept them without comment.
You don't think that the longer people delay consumption, the harder it is for them to maintain that?  Really?
As for 2, how deflation works is going to depend on what's driving it.  Deflation arising from a 1930's style economic crisis is going to be a different beast from that driven by labor becoming more productive over time due to technological progress.  The deflation spiral argument uses the first reference point to argue that the second reference point would behave the same way.
Is that how you would defend the spiral assertion or do you have a different argument?  If so, let's hear it.
@_date: 2018-10-26 19:47:47
And it also wouldn't also be only the rich that could afford mortages or to own homes either without frac reserve and fed lowering interest rates.
@_date: 2017-01-15 14:13:48
Iran has not been able to stop most Iranians from using facebook, even though it played a big role in the organization of the massive  2009 street protests against the stolen election and they see it as an existential threat.
And the iranian government is very aggressive in its efforts to censor the internet.
I think shutting down bitcoin would be even harder than shutting down facebook (for China or any other country that attempted to), for the reasons you listed above (decentralized vs centralized).
@_date: 2017-01-14 13:47:33
I could see how most countries could shut down bitcoin exchanges operating within their borders.  I cant see how they could shut down miners or people using bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-11-09 02:18:25
1st layer or 2nd layer transactions?
@_date: 2019-03-13 16:28:03
I think the natural state of the economy is deflationary, and I don't understand why that would lead to a deflationary spiral.
I don't think, after the next collapse, fiat money will have any credibility left.  Hard money cryptos will take over that function, deflation will be more obvious, and not lead to a spiral.  Then people will look back and wonder how people could tolerate the manufacture of inflation by central banks for so long.
The idea that people would not spend or invest their money, as long as it was gaining value over time ignores two rather powerful forces
1. people want to consume and the longer you delay consumption the harder it is to go on delaying.  Witness the fact that people still buy cell phones and computers, despite the fact that they keep getting cheaper
2. the deflation of the currency over a period is an average over all of the economic activity during that period.  Some investments will over preform that average, and others will underperform.  People who refuse to invest at all will lose to those to do, and participate in the better than average opportunities.
Do you have an argument that doesn't ignore those two factors?
@_date: 2018-10-26 15:23:21
What makes you think mortgages would not exist without the fed printing money (and banks using fractional reserve banking to also print money via lending) and causing inflation?
A mortgage is just an investment where some people who have saved money earn interest by finding other people who want to buy a house and seem to be a good risk, given their skills, job history, and spending/borrowing/paying back history.
As long as some people have saved money, and other people have the ability to make money over time by working jobs, and you have the rule of law and a certain level of economic productivity, mortgages will exist.
By printing money, banks are undercutting the interest rates that savers could earn on their money by investing it in mortgages and lending to companies.
@_date: 2018-10-18 21:01:16
I like the elements and moving pieces you put on the table.  Pointing out that people have goals and can use commodities to achieve those goals is a good way to connect the whole discussion to every day common sense concepts.
I think one element you missed is the commodity value of bitcoin tokens.  They are required to make entries in the distributed ledger.  Miners accept them, and only them, in order to make entries.
The reason btc tokens are credible as a payment system is grounded in this utility value.
If you could work that into your story I think it would make the whole even more relatable.
@_date: 2017-01-11 23:04:29
I like the ledger,accountant,notary analogy.
Well done.
I would probably change this:


to this:


@_date: 2018-10-23 15:42:06
I don't think a bitcoin based economy would not have people taking on and paying off debt.
What it would not have is the manipulation of interest rates by printing money, and the debt financing of government (except for obviously profitable endeavors whose progress could be measured well).
Governments would have to raise their operating budget from direct taxation, and there would be no room for the U.S. to have troops in over 100 countries and to imprison 2.2 million people.  The millitary / prison / industrial complex will have to go.
@_date: 2017-08-03 20:53:30
Came here to say just that.  Thanks for beating me to it.
I was going to say it this way: the market cap of apple is not a subset of the total amount of money in circulation.  The total market cap of all companies is probably a lot larger than the total amount of money in the world in circulation.  As is the total value of all houses in the world.  And so on.
@_date: 2017-01-10 20:06:16


What people want is to be able to save money and have its value increase, or at least not decrease, over time.
A negative interest rate would prevent you from doing that, because it would be applied to your savings.
Did I *really* have to explain that to you?
@_date: 2017-01-23 16:04:47
If the granularity of the money is your concern, then wouldn't the 2 for 1 split be equivalent to changing the definition of a satoshi from 10^-8 of a BTC to half that?  I could see that happening.
Assuming you didn't want a stock split, but you want to increase the total amount of bitcoin from 21m to 42m, for that to happen, the node operators and miners would have to overwhelmingly agree.
You would be asking them to voluntairly give away some of the value of their personal holdings.
If all Peter was saying was that the 21m cap was a constant in the node software that could easily be changed, then I agree.  Its not a deep property of the protocol that would be hard to change.  But it is a deep property of the value proposition and getting a voluntary network of stake holders to agree to change it is absurd, unless it were solving a pressing problem.  An existential threat to the operation of the payment network (or its value)
What pressing problem would changing the 21m value solve?
@_date: 2018-10-19 03:36:27
I agree that it's an example of subjective value and your argument already encompasses it.  I think if you used it as a specific example it would help people connect the dots in their mind.
@_date: 2017-08-05 00:07:46
Until we had smart phones, and ubiquitis wireless networking, fiat currencies are hard to beat as money.
Once you have those two, and a distributed ledger to track ownership, a much wider class of assets suddenly become useful as money.
@_date: 2017-01-18 19:29:43
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:56:00


What would happen (if the government followed my advice of sending agents out) is the most sellers would not know whether their buyer was a government agent or not and the rate of under reporting house values would plummet.
So then why doesn't the government do that?


That's another reason to not pay the full taxes on a house sale.  Its not like a government that is as corrupt as hell is going to put the money to good use.  If you did pay your full taxes, you would be rewarding thieves.
@_date: 2017-08-12 00:17:58
I am not so sure.  Hear me out.
Up till now we haven't seen bitcoin allow a soft landing to a financial crisis.  The 2 everyone is thinking about now are venezuela and greece.
But people didn't understand bitcoin as much when those crises started.
Let's imagine a country that goes through a bad inflation scenario, and assume that bitcoin has some low level of use when it starts.  People start buying more bitcoin as theit currency inflates.  This actually accelerates the inflation because it drains liquidity from the system.
Now people's employers can't afford to pay them, but people have some money that won't lose value, and they have cars, tvs, and other things of value *and* a form of money that can't be inflated into uselessness.
And people who are able to smuggle food in (or who can grow food in remote areas then smuggle it into cities), don't have to only accept barter as payment.  They can accept bitcoin and if they are pulled over by the police and searched, the amount of bitcoin they own is not visible.
I think those factors would cause a much softer landing to a venezuela like inflation crisis. 
@_date: 2017-08-04 12:32:10
That scenario is not going to happen. As bitcoin grows in value and market cap, it will put pressure on other currencies to stop quantative easing.  It's going to relieve central banks of their ability to print fiat with impunity.
Another thing that will happen is other assets will become usable as money, like shares of stock.  If we could trade fractional shares of stock at low fees, in a peer to peer system, then we would.
By building the world's first peer to peer electronically tradable liquid asset, the bitcoin network has opened up a huge market for other Electronically Tradable Liquid Assets (ETLAs) to compete for use as currency.
None of this was possible before ubiquitous wireless networking and smart phones.  Now that it is, things are going to change quickly.
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:59:57
It does when that database is used to disrupt the existing, corrupt, monentary system.  Governemnts are going to attack bitcoin with everything they have once the market cap grows to the point where they have to stop quantative easing and they can no longer keep debt financing their federal budgets.
The 6000 TH/s hashing rate and massive redundancy is going to be sorely needed once that war starts.
@_date: 2017-01-25 16:25:00
In fairness, they 17 hours it takes to clear should be compared to the 3 months that it takes a credit card transaction to clear (in the sense that the money can't be taken back at that point).
I suspect that the real market force behind bitcoin right now is a store of value, and for its usefulness in larger transactions.  The current fees are limiting its usefulness as a retail payment network for small amounts (if you try to use it directly.  You could still use bitcoin payments from one coinbase account to another without having to pay fees).
I think the lightning network is the right solution to scaling to small retail transactions (and much further to microtransactions).  The lightning network will happen whether segwit is accepted or not.
@_date: 2017-08-01 01:38:52
That was a lot of fun to read.  Thanks for posting it.
@_date: 2017-08-12 04:24:41
I think that if a financial crisis were to hit, lots of people would have things worth trading with each other.  When money becomes worthless, or the banks shut down and people cant withdraw their money, it would only take a small number of people with bitcoin buying things for it to start circulating.
I think that's a lot better than what happens when a country's currency becomes unusable and people are reduced to direct barter.  Things collapse much faster and harder under those conditions.
@_date: 2017-08-12 04:02:00
Right but it's not visible to the police when they stop you and search you.
@_date: 2017-01-11 00:18:17


Who said money had to be an investment vehicle?
If some people (bitcoin enthusiasts) want to use a peer-to-peer electronically tradable liquid asset (bitcoin) as money, what business is it of yours?
Are you simply asserting that it is unwise to do so (I expect its going to be a lot more popular a year from now), or that the government should put a stop to it and we shouldn't have the ability to choose to do so?
If so, are you are afraid that the idea will catch on and start to seriously compete with fiat money, and thereby drain the ability of central banks to control the economy?
@_date: 2017-08-09 15:14:51
Its not the same for the merchant when a customer uses a credit card.  If the credit card was stolen, or the customer disputes the charge later, the merchant still get's paid.  Its the merchant's bank that takes the loss, and that's why merchant banks make 3% of the purchase price typically as their processing fee.  It reimburses them for the short term risk of default customer payments.
If you accept credit cards as a merchant, then when someone swipes their credit card an auth message goes from the merchant terminal to the merchant bank, which contacts the credit card issuing bank, and if the fraud detection comes back clean, then an auth response comes back, which the terminal stores.
At the end of the day, the terminal uploads all of the auth requests they gathered during the day to the processing bank and settlement occurs, where the auths are verified and the total amount is deposited in the merchant account.
Notice how the lightning network mirrors this (separation of auth and settlement), except there is no risk of default, the fees are going to be a lot less, and settlement takes an hour instead of 3 months (the point beyond which charges can no longer be disputed).
So the long term answer for retail transactions is ligthning network.  The short term answer is that the stores that currently accept bitcoin are just observing that a payment has entered the mempool and taking the risk of a double spend.
For now, that's not a bad risk.  It is some effort to arrange to double spend and exploit that trust.
As bitcoin's penetration into retail continues, that risk will become larger and larger.  Which is why we need to start rolling out the lightning network already.
Even before the lightning network is ready, we need wallets that allow you to open a channel, then make and accept offline payments, and close a channel.
At that point, a grocery store could allow its customers to open payment channels with it, and start making offline p2p payments, with no risk.
The efficient routing of payments between payment channels can come later.
@_date: 2017-08-05 17:29:48
I don't know what the smart phone penetration is in india, but even if it were only 10%, that's over 100 million people with the right platform to use bitcoin.
As the government continues to wage it's war on cash, more people are going to be incentivized to figure it out.
The reason so few Americans use bitcoin is that the existing payment networks work well enough for them.
If you start putting serious pressure on hundreds of millions of smart, hungry peoplr I think the result may be quite innovative
@_date: 2017-08-02 23:16:51
If you want the law to be respected, then your first duty is to make the law respectable.
If only 3% of the population is paying taxes, might that be because the tax rates are confiscatory, or that the government has shown itself to be greedy once it has the ability to tax something?
Tackling the issue of tax evasion (just to pick one issue) properly means the government needs to meaningfully commit to a tax rate that people can actually pay, and also commit to using that money well for the benefit of the people and not waste it.
They can't just say they are going to do those things and expect people to lie back and think of england.
@_date: 2017-01-10 20:16:57


Without a central bank or fractional reserve banking, when a borrower wanted to build a product or service and got a loan to do that, the lender would scrutinize their business plan and, if it had merit, offer to lend them the money for some time (the term) in return for the original money, and some interest, as a later date.  The riskier the business plan seemed, the higher the interest the borrower would have to offer the lender.  For each such loan that was made in a day, we could calculate the interest rate.  For the set of all loans made on that day, we could average them to obtain the average interest rate for that day.
If left unmanipulated, the interest rate serves as an indicator of how risky business plans were, on average.
To say that the 0 is the natural rate of interest is to say that the average business plan has no risk.
Doesn't that strike you as non-sense?
@_date: 2017-01-18 02:57:13
I keep wondering why bitcoin isn't a bigger deal in venezuela.  The smartphone penetration is 74% there and I would think there would be enough relatives living abroad that lots of families could receive bitcoin that way.
Is a bitcoin wallet  really that hard of an app to master?
I am sure I am missing a piece of the picture but I can't figure out what.
@_date: 2017-08-29 11:17:01
That's an interesting point that I hadn't psused to take seriously until now.
I encountered my first bitcoin atm the other day and approached it to see how to use it.  You have to scan a government ID like a driver's license before it will let you transact.
It's not clear how AML/KNC would be implemented in the case of a lightning node but the are probably several avenues.
@_date: 2017-08-31 18:56:15
The value of bitcoin is still grounded it its ability to be used for everyday purchases, but because of other factors at play, few people are using it for that yet.
The other factors include:
1. widely anticiplated financial chaos.  Bticoin is being used as a hedge against 2008 Take II.
2. more specifically, the banking system is rotten to the core.  the very people we trusted to manage it failed to see 2008 coming and, despite saying things like "too big to fail is too big to exist" did not do anything in the aftermath to reduce the ability of banks to leverage the assets of the surrounding society (to privatize the profits and socialize the losses).
Bitcoin's price going up like it has been, by leaps and bounds, is a reflection of this widespread belief that the banking system is rotten and unsustainable.
At some point in the next year or so, there is going to be a huge confrontation between some state and bitcoin.  It could be in venezuela, India, China, Japan, or another country with either capital controls or hyperinflation.
When the people there are able to use bitcoin to sell some of their larger assets (like cars, or an extra house, ...) and then use the bitcoin earned from that sale to continue to live amidst the chaos around them, the world will suddenly realize the true value of bitcoin the gains in price will be a lot more rapid than this last year.
That said, don't invest any more money in bitcoin than you can afford to lose.  There are possible scenarios where it becomes worthless and I give that a 10% chance of happening.  One of the crypto currencies will play the role I outlined above, and I give bitcoin an 80% chance of being the one.
What I do is buy $50 BTC, $50 eth, and $50 ltc at the start of every month.  That's enough money that I earn significant returns on it, but not so much that I can't afford to lose it all.
@_date: 2017-01-11 13:55:18
I think you are asking the wrong question.  People want to understand why bitcoin has value and how it could survive the next banking crisis.  Once you answer that, then people will show an interest in how it works.
So first things first.  Why does bitcoin have value?
If I could transfer a fractional share of ownership of IBM stock from my phone to yours, would you be willing to accept that as payment for a cup of coffee?
What if fractional share trading was so constant and low fee that you could accept payment in hundreds of different companys stock and convert them all to dollars for an overall transaction fee of 1%?
Mind you, the average fee merchants pay to accept credit card transactions is 3%.
The general concept here is that lots of electronically tradable liquid assets (ETLA) could act as money once the average person has a smart phone with wireless internet.
Bitcoin is the world's first peer to peer ETLA.  It has demonstrated that money can be privately defined and work better that fiat.
What happens to an economy where people use bitcoin and other ETLAs to do business routinely when hyperinflation sets in? Or another banking crisis hits and banks fail on a grand scale and harsh capital controls are imposed preventing you from accessing your bank accounts? People simply stop converting their ETLA balances back to dollars.
If the government can freeze bank accounts, why can't it freeze bitcoin balances?
Because bitcoin is the internet of money.  Freezing an account there would be like consoring the internet.  In the 2009 iranian election, Facebook was one of the principle tools used by the protestors to organize their marches.  The government saw facebook, and other social media, as an existential threat and proceeded to attempt to prevent their use.  Today, Facebook and other social media are so widely used (through anonymous proxies) that the president of Iran himself uses facebook to communicate with the populace at large.
@_date: 2018-10-19 18:38:07
Np.  This is a fun discussion.
People have this idea that, before the 1930s, the dollar was "backed by" gold, and therefore the intrinsic value of gold became the intrinsic value of the dollar.
As you point out intrinsic value in this sense is just a special type of subjective value.
Nevertheless, A backs B is at least a well defined concept, and lots of people dismiss bitcoin because they don't think there is any such backing relationship w.r.t btc.
To make matters worse, people, in response to this hunger for a backing relationship will say btc is backed by math, or hashing calculations.  This is just confusing the issue even further.
I think pointing out that btc tokens are redeemable for the service of making entries in the blockchain is the right way to describe the backing relationship.  Btc tokens are exchangeable for blockchain entries, just like dollars were once exchangeable for ounces of gold.
@_date: 2017-01-25 16:34:52
I have started buying $50 a month in BTC.  My reasoning is that bitcoin will either crash and die (if, say, a show-stopping flaw were discovered in the protocol, or if a competitor like zcash stole its thunder by solving problems bitcoin can't) or it will take off and become a real force to be reckoned with on the world stage.
We can't reliably predict when bitcoin might hit its inflection point.  I suspect is will be sometime in 2017 in venezuela, greece, india, or china.  Either a failed state or a country imposing punishing capital controls.  Another scenario is a world wide banking crisis along the lines of 2008 only much worse.
So, don't invest anything the bitcoin that you can't afford to lose, and buy it on a regular schedule to benefit from dollar cost averaging over the highs and lows.
@_date: 2017-01-18 11:28:42
It's hard to picture anyone with food to sell accepting bolivars as payment.  When people are starving, and to use cash you would have to carry it in wheelbarrows, I would think non perishable food items (dried pasta, nuts, ...) would become currency.
I think what I am missing is an honest account of what daily life is like for the average venezuelan.  That account should start with how people get their food.  Is the government in control of enough food production and distribution to keep most people from starving?
Most news articles fail to describe the situation in enough detail to make any sense of it.  They typically tell the story of one or more people who had some money as cash or in the bank and how it became worthless at some point in the last year or so.  That's just too little information. 
@_date: 2017-08-03 11:03:09
Those tax rates are roughly what Americans are used to, so they don't seem confiscatory by that measure.  A 20% tax on someone who is pretty poor to begin with may not be that reasonable, however.
Is that the bulk of the tax burden the typical citizen faces, or a small fraction of it?
And is the administration of taxation transparent and fair or is there are lot of pretending and bribery going on throughout the system?
An Indian coworker was telling me that when people buy and sell houses, they typically conceal most of the transaction price and the formal price
is only a fraction of the actual price, to avoid paying most of the tax.  This speaks to almost universal corruption in the administration of the tax system.
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:24:53
I realize that expecting bitcoin to solve everything is naive, and I take your point about evading indirect taxes putting more pressure on direct taxes.
I appreciate you telling me about the tax brackets.
I am not proposing things like "have the government send out agents to act as buyers" because I think that's the solution.  It's probably not for good reasons.  I was proposing them to learn more about the reality of life in india.  There probably is a balance of power between the citizenry and different forces within the government that would prevent the agent scheme from working.
Exactly why it wouldn't work is going to come down to details.  The precise nature of those details may point to what would work.
Sorry if I came off as a pretentious outsider pronouncing naive solutions to problems he didn't know anything about.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:35:29
In your analogy, what is the building on fire that required a 2x hard fork in three months?
In settlement times are fast and transaction fees low, why double the block size?
@_date: 2017-08-05 15:21:41
I buy $50 of BTC, ETH, and LTC and the beginning of every month.  I never try to pick highs and lows.  I am betting on a long term price increase that plays out over years.
@_date: 2017-08-10 02:18:23
I just did some reading on this.  You would typically do fifo to maximize your chance of paying the lower long term capital gains rate.  On the other hand, if doing a more recent pairing of a buy with a sell gives you a loss, you could use that to offset a gain and then the difference between long term and short term wouldn't matter 
@_date: 2017-08-10 02:53:35
I just looked it up and you are right that when a cardholder alleges fraud, the merchant has to show evidence that it wasn't fraud or its their loss.
I am no longer sure what kind of losses the merchant bank absorbs.
@_date: 2017-08-12 18:12:42
That's perfect!  I need to have that made into a T shirt.
@_date: 2018-10-24 21:34:41
Being able to move funds to a foreign bank is a pretty big difference.
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:15:27
As long as you are only putting money that you can afford to lose into your "bitcoin savings" then that is fine.
If you are putting money into bitcoin that you might need in the next few months, though, then that's a terrible idea.
Bitcoin is going to come under heavy assault at some point, and the price may take some time to recover.  That could easily last 6 months.
@_date: 2017-08-12 12:59:16
By another global crisis, do you mean a repeat of 2008, or something a lot worse?
I do think that bitcoin will play a role in making the next repeat of 2008 less likely, or less severe when it does happen.
I take your point that, by the time a crisis hits a given country, people are going to be less willing to part with any cash they have to buy some new thing they don't understand like bitcoin.
It could be that, by the time the next global crisis hits, a lot more people are familiar with bitcoin, and have been using it as a savings account for years.
So how might that unfold?
If another country were to go through a currency crisis in the next year or so, and bitcoin were to play a visible role in allowing some people to ride it out without losing everything they own, it would be a demonstration of its unique properties and a lot more people would start buying it.
An event like that would spark a wider  interest.
Widespread use of bitcoin would start putting pressure on central banks to quit printing money.  This would stabilise the world financial system and make a repeat of 2008 less likely.
@_date: 2017-08-03 15:05:33


Why is that unfair?  And to whom? Can you spell out your point here more.  If bitcoin were to allow people to side step indirect taxation, which is being used to crush the indian people, then why would it be a bad thing for bitcoin to play that role?


I don't get how this is possible.  How hard would it be for the government to police this effectively? Send agents out to offer to buy houses wearing audio recorders and when the seller asks for most of the money to be under the table, charge the sellar with trying to evade taxes.
I don't doubt there is a good reason the government doens't do this, but if we were to understand more of the details of why, it may be more complex than 'the indian population is just a bunch of tight fisted cheaters and the innocent government is too pure of heart to object'.
@_date: 2017-08-03 02:51:00
Why would you think that terrorists use bitcoin more than traditional forms of payment like cash and ban accounts?
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:11:51
You should yes.  If you are buying and selling through an exchange like coinbase, they keep a record of all buys and sells, that you can download at any time.
You can pair sells with buys any way you like (FIFO, LIFO, or any other order as long as its a one-to-one pairing) in order to figure captial gains at the end of the year.
@_date: 2017-08-03 19:43:53
I can understand why governments are terrified of bitcoin.  It can certainly be a tool for laundering money.  I don't know that its a particularly good one right now, as the blockchain cuts both ways, and its not like laundering money is that hard as is when you just use cash.  Or banks for that matter.  Hell, HSBC was caught laundering money red handed and the fine they paid was not even equal to how much profit they made from laundering.  No one went to jail over it because, HSBC being that big, it would have disrupted the larger economy.
Some of the early attempts to use bitcoin for money laundering and illegal trade failed spectacularly because of the public ledger allowing for tracibility (the silk road).
I suspect that the way it is going to play out is that bitcoin is going to allow the citizens of countries that have the biggest corruption problems, or countries lacking the most basic infrastructure where most of the people are unbanked, access to a secure, honest payments network.  This will unleash a pent up demand for goods and services that corruption has been keeping a lid on.  The GDP in those countries will start rising rapidly.
Along the way, we will figure out a way to tax people fairly.  Most people of modest means are not going to be able to hide the more obvious facts about how much money they make.
There is no way that the people in charge of the current payment network (banks, credit card companies, governments) and just going to roll over and let it happen, but I don't think they are going to win this fight for the same reason they lost the fight against the internet enabling the free flow of information.
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:52:55
Thanks for posting that
In the run up to 8/1/2017, I decided on the paper wallet /cold storage solution (electrum on air gapped pc booted from tails) to secure the bulk on my bitcoin.
If I were actively using bitcoin on a daily basis, I would probably want a trezor like device rather than trusting my android to be free of malware.
But for the bulk of my holdings, cold storage is the only solution that I would trust at this point.
@_date: 2017-08-05 16:42:49
That summary is similar to what my thoughts have converged on, although I hadn't broken it down into such a well thought out sequence.
Thanks for writing that up.
My two favorite points in the above:
1.  The wealth being created by our getting better at making things, a natural deflationary force, and the natural state of a technological soceity,  is being skimmed by the banks printing money.
2. The reason the gold system of the 1930's collapsed was that it was a fractional reserve gold system where we printed more notes than we had gold backing them.
Point 2 is widely misunderstood.  Lots of people who consider themselves well read in economics say that the financial chaos of the 1930s was a result of our being on a gold standard coupled with deflation that got out of control.  If only the FED were not on a gold standard, they could have printed enough money to turn the deflation around.
Point 1 is even more deeply, and widely, misunderstood.
It was hard to displace fiat money systems once they became firmly established.
The combination of uniquitous wireless networking and smart phones, however, allows for the distributed public ledger solution which opens up the whole field of currency and payment systems to competetion and innovation.
I suspect that bitcoin is going to give rise to lots of currencies and payment concepts that we have barely glimsped so far.  For example, if I could trade in fractional shares of stock peer to peer and with low fees, there is no reason I couldn't pay for a cup of coffee with 0.001 shares of IBM, say. 
@_date: 2019-03-14 03:01:24
You are only incentivized to hold onto your money in a deflationary senario if most of the investment opportunities would not outperform the currency itself.
That wouldn't happen if the deflation were caused by technological development plus a fixed money supply.
@_date: 2018-06-28 18:18:26
From the article:


Venezuela has a population of 33.9M, and 11.5M smart phone users.  That's one in three.  That's enough to run an economy on. 
@_date: 2018-06-08 20:02:42


If productivity is increasing, and you didn't increase the money supply, then there would be deflation.  If you only print enough money to prevent deflation, then you are still stealing value from people's savings.
Another reason why there could be an increase in the money supply, but no inflation, is that the money created is not circulating (for example the banks balance sheets swell, but businesses are not taking out loans).  In that case, the banks have stolen from people's savings, but it won't be apparent until they start using the deposits they created out of thin air.
@_date: 2018-06-04 16:33:14
I was including the electronic creation of new deposits \(QE\) in the term printing.
@_date: 2018-06-28 18:12:07
from the article:


Obviously the faster people in venezuela can be helped, the better.
But if his point is that the app has to be so simple that most non-technical people should be able to learn it in a few hours instead of a few days, I think he is wrong.  I would think that desperate people were better able to master difficult learning tasks, if it stood between grinding hunger/poverty, and some relief from that.
Err on the side of getting the app out earlier, with a 30 page manual, than later, with a 1 page manual.
@_date: 2017-08-05 15:29:09
I disagree.  Here's how I see it playing out.  In the next 12 months or so, BTC (or one of the other cryptos, but my money is on BTC) plays a role in helping the citizenry of a country where the usual levers of power that fiat grants to a government are being abused (either heavy handed capital controls, or printing of money, or using the banking system to tax the s**t out of people).  It either provides a soft landing to a country in crisis, or it allows a country that has been poor for a long time to start experiencing a huge economic growth rate (like mpesa did in kenya).
Once that goes down, interest in bitcoin will sky rocket.  The 6000 TH/s network hashing rate will turn out to be very imporant as BTC will come under heavy fire from all sides.
The Bitcoin network is currently over provisioned for the transaction rate it is handling.  That is going to change very quickly once the scenario I outlined above goes down.
I think in the coming years the price is going to stay a lot higher than $3k.  I don't know exactly where it will settle, but I would be surprised if it didn't at least double.
@_date: 2017-08-04 20:54:05
If BTC were to become the world's dominant currency (I don't think that will happen), and the world economy were to become deflationary, here is how I think the decision to make a consumer purchase like a cell phone would work.
Let's say a cell phone would cost you X BTC if you bought it now, and it would cost you X-Y BTC if you bought it a year from now.  Let's call the utility you would derive from the cell phone for a year if you bought it now A, and the utility you think you could derive from the general goods and services that you could buy with Y a year from now B.
No incentive to buy now &lt;-&gt; B&gt;A
Some incentive to buy now &lt;-&gt; A&gt;B
The larger Y is, the greater the probability that B &gt; A.
Arguing that deflation is bad is harder that just showing that Y&gt;0.  You have to show that for a wide range of goods and services, that B &gt; A.
@_date: 2018-06-15 12:21:40
It's a modification of optics scan ballots that let's the voter walk away from the polling place with a receipt of how they voted.  Next to each name on the ballot is a blank area with a 3 letter code printed in invisible ink.  The voter uses a reveal marker to reveal the code next to the candidate they are voting for.  The codes are different on each ballot, and each ballot has a serial number.
So the voter writes down the serial number and their revealed codes.  The optical scanners record the serial numbers and revealed codes for all ballots, and the file of all on those becomes the raw election record, which is published for everyone to download.
There is a series of steps in which the election authority partially reveals info about the ballot / choice code mappings where the probability of it being able to cheat in the final tally without being detected is very small.
The probability of the EA being able to change 1 vote and get away with it is 1/2.  For 2 votes, it's 1/4, and so on with the probability halving for each additional vote changed in the final tally.
The central trick that the whole scheme is built on is called a cryptographic commitment.
The voter walks away with a receipt that they can use to prove to themselves their vote was counted accurately in the final tally but which they can't use to prove to anyone else how they voted.
@_date: 2017-01-14 13:50:45
I don't think it would be any easier for China to prevent normal people from using bitcoin than it would be for iran to prevent normal people from using facebook.
@_date: 2018-06-15 02:01:13
I would be surprised if very many women were thin skinned, or behave much like DisintegrateSlowly did here.  Most of the ones I know take on heavy responsibilities and it would take a lot more than a few snarky comments to drive them away from a subject they cared about.
@_date: 2018-06-15 00:03:58
Are you familiar with scantegrity?  I believe it solves those problems.
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:29:10
You find it hard to believe that the overwhelimg majority of economists have been bought into a monetary theory that allows the economy to have wealth extracted from it by a protected elite?
I'll grant you that it hard to swallow in one bite.
So lets start small and build up to it.
What do you think went down in 2008 and why did so few economists see it coming?
@_date: 2018-06-05 16:03:33
The deposits \(money\) used to buy government debt don't already exist before the buying.  They are created first, then transferred to government accounts to buy the bonds.
@_date: 2018-06-28 18:02:47
Lack of a usable currency destroys the ability of a population to feed itself to an absurd degree.
So even though you can't directly eat a usable currency, giving a non-trivial amount to a lot of people in a region without any, allows the small number of people who do have the ability to get and move food around, a serious reason to undertake the risks of doing so.
Initially, this would mean that the food producers and distributers start to accumulate capital.
Now imagine that you have broadly useful skills but you are not a food producer or distributer.  The food producers and distributers need to buy goods and services from the population around them, and they have been making good money.  They start to do so.
I think this is a great way to help venezuelans from the outside.
@_date: 2018-06-30 01:00:39
They can make loans with their depositors money, while promising to honor on demand withdraw,  and if too many of their loans go bad, the tax payer has to bail them out.
@_date: 2019-10-11 22:14:18
The problem with the financial system in 2008 was that rehypothecation and comingling allowed there to be more claims against assets than assets.  This was gamed and used to create destructive leverage.  It wasn't just some random downturn in the real estate market that isn't likely to happen again (in real estate, or in other markets).  And the problem is a lot worse now thanks to the centralization of counterparty risk in CCPs.  Well, its less likely to happen at any given time, but when it does happen, the results will be far worse.  Here is an [article]( that lays out this reasoning in detail.
The main hedge against that sort of failure is bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-10-02 18:05:40
That was an very interesting analysis of Franklin's ideas and life.  I am also a fan of Franklin's.  I had not heard of Agorism before.  Its fascinating and hard to imagine a better example of agorism than bitcoin.
Thanks for writing that up.
@_date: 2019-10-09 22:32:07
OK, so what are some assets that you think borrowing money to buy at current interest rates would be low risk and pay handsomely?
@_date: 2018-06-07 21:36:12
I don't think that's true.  If you don't devalue your currency and your trading partners do, then your cost of inputs goes way down (in your currency) and the final cost of the goods you produce goes down as well (in your currency).
Put another way, if your currency value goes down, then the cost of your imported inputs goes up.
Monetary policy doesn't magically create more real output.
@_date: 2019-10-10 18:01:32
Would you agree that had you followed that advice pre-2008, you would have gone bankrupt?
@_date: 2017-08-10 02:09:39
That's a very interesting setup.  Have you tried to analyze your gains / losses over time?
@_date: 2019-10-11 18:53:25
I was thinking more of the asset bubble popping scenario, where the value of houses sharply declined.  And looking forward, I am worried about a severe economic recession, or economic chaos (like widespread bank failures).  If I bought a house and rented it to make the mortgage payments, and a severe recession hit, my renters might not be able to pay me enough anymore for me to pay the mortgage.
@_date: 2019-08-27 17:16:33
I think the yearly highs are a result of the asset's bubbles being blown by cheap credit, but I don't think the yearly lows are (which keep going higher every year at an amazing pace).
bitcoin's price may come down in the general crash, but I'll bet it comes down a lot less than most other assets.  As long as its price doesn't fall as far as the price of most other things, its real buying power may actually increase.
@_date: 2017-08-04 18:33:23
That's a very innocent explanation of how the political / financial system was caught off guard.  I would suggest to you that the financial system is thoroughly corrupt and the enormous powers that we have given to the fed and to banks themselves are not being used in good faith.
I was listening to William Black, a former banking regulator who was Bernie Sanders's economic advisor during his campaign, talk about how bad due dilligence had become in banks before 2008, and how banking regulators and banks collude to engage in enormous fraud, on Bill Moyer's show a few years ago.  Here is a youtube link to that [show](
And here is the amazon link to one of Black's [books]( on the subject.
I think bitcoin has the potential to clean this up by relieving the banks and the fed of those enormous powers.
In that interview (I think that is the one), Black talks about how a new banking regulator who was new at the job called up a bank and asked them for their loan tapes.  That means the record of mortgages the bank has on their books and the paperwork they did to establish the credit worthiness of the borrowers.
The bank called the regulator's boss, who then had a little chat with the regulator.  He was told to not ask banks for their loan tapes anymore, because everyone knows that banks can't produce them anymore.
That sort of story was rampant in the industry.
@_date: 2019-10-08 21:23:48
Are you suggesting that its possible to make money by borrowing at low interest, they buying assets that produce cash flow (like mortgages? stocks that pay dividends?) without having to be an expert in the given assets?
@_date: 2019-10-09 10:19:38
Right, but to do that you have to be an expert of the asset and work full time to track it.  So it's not a strategy you can use unless that's your full time job.
@_date: 2018-06-02 12:28:25
Well, printing money after 2008 prevented the banks from losing control.  Of they hadn't done that, the finsncial system would have stopped processing payments.
So the crisis was prevented from being much worse.
@_date: 2018-06-02 12:37:55
Not just food.  All kinds of things.  Which means that the usual aggravating factor that occurs in a hyperinflation scenario, the loss of a medium of exchange, is prevented.  Which will not only soften the blow but lay the ground work to prevent it from happening another time.
@_date: 2019-10-02 20:42:09
This is one of my personal favorite quotes from Franklin:
Many a long dispute between divines may thus be abridged: It is so.  It
is not so.  It is so.  It is not so.
                -- Benjamin Franklin, "Poor Richard's Almanack"
@_date: 2018-06-26 21:35:19
The utility value of bitcoin tokens are that they are required to make entries into a distributed database that's really hard to censor or attack.
The days of the phrase 'written in stone' are numbered.  Soon, it will be replaced by 'written on the bitcoin blockchain'.
Being able to record things in a database like that has significant economic value.
I think the total utility value of that will soon far exceed the total utility value of the world's gold stock. 
@_date: 2018-06-02 12:25:21
The ability of central banks to inject liquidity will diminish in a world where bitcoin exists. the more they try to print money the faster the price of bitcoin goes up, and the less liquidity they can inject by printing.
At some point, attempting to print more money would lower liquidity.
At that point, bitcoin will have relieved the central banks of the ability to print money.
@_date: 2019-02-15 19:22:10
You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can't fool all of the people all of the time.
@_date: 2019-02-02 15:02:30
Hard to beat some of the heists that are possible with restricted access to trading platforms, like naked short selling.  Tokenized access would reduce preferential access and scams requiring it.  I think overall it would reduce the scale of the heists possible.
Similar to how bitcoin reduces the reach of the fractional reserve heists that can be pulled by people with banking licenses.
@_date: 2019-06-17 19:46:24
Exactly.  Which means that any goods and services that people with no btc have to sell, will receive btc as a result.  Even if most btc is currently in the hand of a few people, those few don't hold title to most of the worlds wealth.  That exists as durable goods, land, shares of stock in companies, ... etc,  and as the owners of those forms of wealth start to make exchanges, the BTC will spread out.
The total market cap of btc, even in a maximilisation scenario, won't be close to the total wealth in the world.  And as the people with a small share of that wealth start to be paid in btc, their savings won't be skimmed by the people who currently have the most wealth, and get first dibs on the newly printed fiat, allowing them to continually rob people of their savings.
@_date: 2019-02-18 13:17:57
For that to be a problem hoarders would have to start spending their money at the same time, and their hoard would have to be a large fraction on the whole.
Neither of those two conditions are likely.
And btw you are now arguing the opposite theory of why hoarding is bad from your comment earlier that I was responding to.  Before it was that hoarding would cause deflation while bring hoarded and now it's that it would cause inflation once spent.
@_date: 2019-02-15 17:10:31
Are those professional judges elected by the public at large (the ones you don't want judging you) or appointed by elected officials (again chosen by the public at large)?
I think the american insistence on providing the right of trial by jury to anyone accused of a crime carrying a sentence of six months or greater sets it head and shoulders above the justice systems of most of the rest of the world.
In France, you only have that right when facing a sentence of 10 years or more, and in Canada its 5 years.
@_date: 2019-02-24 13:50:33
One of the best articles on daily life in venezuela I have read.  Thanks go posting that.
@_date: 2019-08-02 16:16:36
I wonder how hard it is to learn how to assay gold (the cost of the equipment and training you would need).
I also wonder what fraction of gold bars you buy from banks and other sources are actually tungsten bars plated in gold.
As banks get increasingly desperate, I would think the temptation to do that will become hard to resist.  To detect that, you would need to melt down the gold to be sure that it isn't padded somewhere with tungsten.
@_date: 2019-02-17 15:33:55
How can hoarding cash be a problem?  When that money doesn't circulate, the money other people are spending is worth more.  It doesn't change the amount of resources available to produce goods and services.
@_date: 2019-02-22 17:05:08
That's why you don't put any more than you can afford to lose in BTC.
You don't want to be in the position where, if BTC fails, then you are ruined.
Personally, I give BTC a 20% chance of failing and an 80% chance of taking over the world.
@_date: 2019-06-04 01:21:42
The total fees per block have to go up, and not as fast as the overall transaction rate does.
@_date: 2019-02-04 21:01:02
The [demonetization]( was widely regarded as a failure.
And you are dodging the issue of the general population not trusting the government to tax them fairly or put the money to good use.  It is common practice, BTW, for people who sell a house in India to deal in cash and only report a fraction of the price and thus pay only a fraction of the tax due.  That's not dirty money (drug dealers and terrorists), that the general population resisting taxation.
Its not like dealing in cash (or in bitcoin) makes it impossible for the government to tax the economy fairly.  It wasn't that long ago that most businesses in the U.S. dealt in cash (before credit cards were in widespread use) and if you tried to under report your revenue from, say, a restaurant, you could easily be caught.  Its not hard to estimate cash flow by making simple observations of how many people a company employs, their price lists, ...
@_date: 2019-02-24 20:19:09
That's like saying that not banging your head against the wall can't fix all your health problems alone.
True, but until you stop banging your head against the wall, you can't even start to fix your other health problems.
And you will feel so much better once you stop, it isn't even funny.  You'll have more energy, the ability to focus and problem solve, the ability to experince joy, ...
@_date: 2019-02-15 13:15:34
Good answer.  In a scenario like that, people would have lots of things to trade (a second car, laptops, ...) but the main currency becomes worthless.  With an alternative currency like bitcoin, you could sell things, store the value, and use that to buy food.  It would greatly soften the blow of a disruption of the formal economy.
@_date: 2019-02-05 15:51:47
I remember in 2013 my search to understand 2008 was making it difficult to sleep at night.  I was aware of how easily the global payment network could come crashing down and wipe away my material security, leaving me as a background character in a movie about the depths of the 1930s depression.
Then I started learning about bitcoin.  And the more I learned, the more I believed it was a robust hedge against the banking system failing.
I have not had any trouble sleeping in years.
@_date: 2017-11-04 18:35:25
Bitcoin is perfectly usable in countries with almost no electrical distribution.  We are talking some of the poorest countries on earth.  It's clear to me that you have never read the story of the mpesa currency  in kenya.
Good luck betting on gold in the coming years while bitcoin changes everything.
@_date: 2019-02-12 15:39:31
If you have solar panels on your house with more capacity than you can use, but no way to store power during the day to use later at night, then using that extra capacity to mine btc would offset the cost of the power you use from the grid at night and lower your electricity bill.
@_date: 2019-02-04 15:40:41
And that's worse than the problem of fractional reserve fiat banking + the unbanked leaving the population with little access to financial services?
How do you figure?
If large scale tax evasion is the problem (that is, the majority of the population is dealing in cash to avoid having to pay taxes), then it would seem the legitimacy of the government itself is at least half of the problem.  People don't feel that their tax dollars would be put to good use, that the government is not there to help them but to fleece them.
I think boiling that down to "huge dirty fiat money problem that would easily become untraceable if converted to bitcoin" is not telling the full story.
Also, cash is already untraceable, how does bitcoin make that worse?
@_date: 2019-02-01 16:00:10
What do you think the government will do when people start using bitcoin to exchange goods and services because of its uncensorability, unconfiscatability, and how hard it is (the government can't simply print more of it), and the value of the dollar starts to plummet faster than printing money injects more liquidity into the system?
That's the end-game here.  Do you think it just won't happen, or that the government will just make bitcoin, and other cryptocurrencies, illegal?
@_date: 2019-02-04 20:44:04


If you go by bank balance sheets, not much was lost.  If you look at what happened to home owners, $7.3 trillion [was lost](


injections of liquidity = printing money = general tax on people holding dollar dominated assets (or being payed salaries negotiated in dollars).
And if people start holding bitcoin instead of cash, injections of liquidity are not going to work anymore, which is why I think, when we get to that point, you are going to argue for making bitcoin illegal.
@_date: 2017-11-04 21:33:21
Because most oil producing countries will only accept the usd as payment for oil, it bids up the value of the dollar.  In a major oil producer were to start accepting payments in bitcoin, and others followed suit, the usd would lose value quickly.
@_date: 2019-02-15 16:58:23
You really need to lay out a scenario to make this interesting / meaningful.
Up to now, my main use has been to buy some bitcoin as insurance against the banking system imploding.  Like a repeat of 2008.
Suppose that happens and it much worse than 2008.  In the 1930s, when the fractional reserve gold standard collapsed, and was about to take the banking system down, FDR signed [executive order 6102](  This act made it illegal for americans to own monetary gold.  They were then forced to sell their gold to the government.  From that article:








I could imagine the government making the same argument as then but w.r.t. bitcoin.  It would go like this:
1. the government is not able to print money to simulate the economy because bitcoin has become the only credible form of hard money that people and foreign governments will accept.
2. a few lucky people managed to buy bitcoin before it achieved its present price level, and are hoarding their ill-gotten, undeserved windfall profits, which is starving the rest of the economy of the liquidity necessary to allow growth
3. therefore, it is now illegal for american citizens to own bitcoin, and they have to sell it to the government for a little more than they bought it for.  If they don't have records proving how much they paid for it, we will assume they paid $100 / BTC.
4. the bitcoin the government recovers in this way will then be used as to settle foreign accounts by setting a conversion rate of $1M / BTC.
5.  we will call this the Brettcoin Woods system.
Under those conditions, I really don't know what I would do.  I might simply claim that I lost the private keys.  It would be hard for anyone to prove otherwise.  I would then wait for the madness to end, and for it to be safe for me to use bitcoin again.
It would really depend on what sort of threats the U.S. government was up against.  If it were up against something like WWII / Nazi Germany, I might comply.  If it had become something like Nazi Germany, I would like to think I would resist and perhaps even use my bitcoin to fund the resistance.
As Jordan Peterson likes to point out, however, most people, when they read history, like to imagine they are either a victim or a hero.  Few people read history as if they were likely to be a perpetrator.  That's how you have to read it, however, if you really want to understand it and perhaps be in a position to stop the nightmare from happening again.
@_date: 2019-02-04 20:46:46
The U.S. has been using its control over the world's payment network as a substitute for millitary force for some time now, and lots of countries are sick of it (china, russia, iran, EU countries that want to do business with Iran, lots of other countries).
I don't think the USD being the world's reserve currency will survive a repeat of 2008.
@_date: 2017-11-04 13:58:10
I'd like to know more about that myself.  Neal didn't elaborate.
I imagine he was talking about monks in his day who made it their business to understand the operating system of history, if you will.
@_date: 2019-02-18 13:20:06
I agree with the problem of the IMF plan.  I was questioning the nature of the problem the IMF plan was supposed to solve: cash hoarding.
@_date: 2015-08-10 18:30:28
I am struggling with the idea of representatives not having their votes recorded, even though I like the idea of avoiding intimidation.  How would reps be held accountable to their voters?
I apologize if you addressed this in your video, as I didn't watch the whole thing, but what do you think of a delayed release of voting records?  At the end of every year or something like that.
@_date: 2017-11-03 19:48:33
I haven't seen that, and thanks for send me the link.  I will get to it over the weekend.


Exactly.  The reason I see a huge upside to bitcoin right now is that that insight is not well held.  Once its common knowledge, and the true value of bitcoin understood, the price will be much higher than it is now.
Between now and then, there will be a war on bitcoin that we have to wait out.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:34:44
That.  And, if venezueleans started doing that in large numbers, things would quickly start to get better.  The world would see this and go "oh, so that's what bitcoin is for" and that would have a far bigger impact on bitcoin's pricel
@_date: 2019-02-02 14:44:50
Do you think we might go through another 2008 banking crisis, in which the price of some class of asset would fall dramatically, like houses or stocks, and banks would start to fail in large numbers, for which the government would be tempted to print money to inject liquidity into the system to save it?
Or a 1930s style depression where a loss in confidence in the economy and banking system causes a general withdraw of cash from the banking system, and the government is forced to suspend withdrawls?
@_date: 2017-11-14 22:50:03
Thanks for the link.  I plugged in my numbers and it estimated a profit of $390 per month, while my script estimated $380 per month.  So pretty close (I am guessing that it used a different estimate of the overall network hashing rate).
@_date: 2017-11-04 01:23:10
A fellow Neal Stephenson fan, I see.
@_date: 2017-11-15 02:07:37
I am not saying it would.  I am just trying to understand the risks.  Any idea how long a miner lasts before it breaks?
@_date: 2019-02-28 20:15:07
Bitcoin both has fundamentals and is speculative.
Bitcoin is a utility token that is consumed when you make entries in its blockchain: the most survivable, secure, and hard to censor distributed database that has ever existed, by a wide margin.  Its fundamentals are derived from this base use case, of which the most obvious example is to create a payment system.  I suspect the tokenization of other assets will become an even more important use of this dist db aspect over time.
The satoshis per byte consumed vary with time via the fee market, so its not a fixed utility token.  This is one part of the speculative nature.
The majority of the speculation on the value of a bitcoin token arises from its use cases being untested.
Some of the use cases are:
1. store of value
2. remittances
3. the monetary basis for a patreon alternative (like bitbacker.io) that can outmaneuvar social media censorship and expand the role of the citizen journalist
4. rescuing the economies of failed states like venezuela
5. ending governmental financial surveilance and control (financial blockade against wikileaks)
6. a hedge against the banking system blowing up (special case of 1)
7. a better retail payments system
Up until a few months ago, I had only really personally used btc for 6.  And then Sargon of Akkad (Carl Benjamin) was banned by patreon via a dramatic scene that kafka could have written, and Jordan Peterson and David Rubin and many others made a big stink about it.
And I started using btc to support content creators I love (some via bitbacker.io, and some via direct donation to their public address), all of which are citizen-journalists.
Still, at present most of those use cases are low volume.  That sitation could change drastically by the end of 2019 if any of those cases explode in volume.  And I expect more than one will.
Mostly I think its a race between the banking system blowing up, and the control-left's attempts to censor social media blowing up.  Any of the other use cases could also win that race.
I can't wait to find out which it is.
@_date: 2019-02-15 17:12:57
I think the main barrier to a government shutting down the internet is how essential it is to modern life.  Our infrastructure is very dependent on it.
Even in relatively poor countries like Zimbabwe, the internet is vital.  The govt there tried to shut it down and had to reverse itself recently.
@_date: 2017-11-03 12:03:43
When the banks realize that bitcoin is a real threat to them, which they havent yet (they are still whistling in the dark, although a few people like Jamie dimon have entered the laughing at it phase) they will fight it with everything they have.  The war in bitcoin is going to be awe inspiring in its reveal of how powerful bankers are and how they think.
I give bitcoin an 80% chance of taking over the world and relieving central banks of the ability to print money, ushering in a period of unprecedented economic growth.  I give it a 20% chance of becoming worthless in favor of another crypto that surpasses it.
1. Don't put any money into bitcoin you can't afford to lose.
2. Buy a set dollar amount every week or month of bitcoin and one or two other cryptos (for me that's ltc and eth).
3. Figure out how to store you bitcoin in a paper wallet using the offline/tails/electrum online/electrum procedure or an equivalent with a different wallet.
@_date: 2019-02-22 17:50:39
I think it will eventually happen (the hyperbitcoinization scenario), where printing USD no longer injects liquidity, but drains it.
I thought it would happen in 2018.
So I'll grant you the USD has more staying power than I thought.
My new gut feel is: 10% chance it happens by the end of 2019, 20% chance end of 2020, 30% chance end of 2021, ... and so on.
The most significant crack I see in the USD: fed kept raising rates through 2018, then stopped.
@_date: 2019-02-18 18:18:22
For me, the joy of argumentation comes from working with others to assemble fragmented observations of reality into a working map of how something works.  In our case, money, investment, and credit.
You seem to like argumentation when it can be used to prevent a useful map from being assembled.
@_date: 2017-11-04 21:00:21
Give that man a cigar!
I am betting that will be iran selling oil to a European country, India or China.
That is right up there with: which country where citizens don't have a functioning currency will be the first one to use bitcoin for everyday transactions and experience unstoppable growth that the government is helpless to confiscate.
@_date: 2017-11-03 15:54:02
I think bitcoin feeds on the corruption of the banking system.  The more corrupt the system becomes, the higher the market cap of bitcoin, the more liquidity it has, and the less liquidity the existing banking system has.
Its not bankers as a whole who are the problem.  Its the fact the leverage banks have over the economy because of fractional reserve banking, money printing by the FED, and the fact that they are too big to fail and can socialize the losses and privatize the profits.
We need to deprive the banks of those levers of power.  I predict bitcoin is going to do that.
@_date: 2017-11-04 14:04:32
What do you think marx would think of bitcoin?  Would he see it as liberating or oppressive?
@_date: 2017-11-04 03:40:07
Neal stephenson, in his essay "in the beginning was the command line", talked about how there have always been people who look at the world deeply, see its flaws, and set out to fix them.
In the modern day, those people work in technology.
Julia ceaser had noticed people like that in his day and used to worry about them.
@_date: 2017-11-14 21:36:46
Thanks!  I updated my comment to reflect that.
@_date: 2019-02-18 20:15:32
The intellectual octopus ink reservoir is empty?
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:47:41
I am interested in your opinion because I'm very pro-capitalist and you seem very anti-capitalist.
Most debates between those two camps get bogged down in definitions and the rubber never seems to meet the road.
Bitcoin, however, is much more clearly defined than the existing financial/legal system so its much more fruitful, IMO, for two people who diasgree on most things to discuss what will happen with it than, say, what tax policy should look like next year.
You seem to be saying that you expect bitcoin to fizzle and not have much impact on the current financial system. I think its going to change everything.
BTW, if quantum computing means that encryption can be brute-forced, we would see that coming a long way off and switch to encryption algorithms that are not vulnerable to it (and there are some).  And it also means the the existing banking system would have to change over as well.  So its not like bitcoin is especially vulnerable to that.
I also think that isolating a quantum computer from the surrounding envrionment to prevent entanglement is going to be twice as hard (in terms of power or other direct cost), at least, for every additional qubit you add to the computer.  In other words, it won't offer a huge advantage over conventional computing cost-wise.
I suspect that leftists are going to want bitcoin banned once it becomes clear how its going to tip the balance of power away from governments and toward the general citizenry.  Because I think leftists want to use centralized power to take control of society.
I like to ask those I encounter what they think of bitcoin because I think they will have to oppose it once it really starts to take over.  As of yet, I don't see many on the left paying much attention to it at all.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:04:44


I am not sure what you mean by scope change.
Are you just saying you expect bitcoin to fizzle?
@_date: 2017-11-20 16:28:29
I think I know what you mean by the u.s. economy being incredibly wasteful, but the devil is in the details.
It's also incredibly productive, and I don't think it is easy to have one without the other.  I think a culture of permissionless innovation has given rise to both the waste and the productivity.
I expect that our wastefulness is about to be reigned in to some degree, thanks to bitcoin encouraging people to save by making it hard to confiscate savings, and to the rampant corruption of the banking and finance system, which bitcoin keeps feeding off of.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:27:51
You don't know that there is going to be another correction.
At some point, the world is going to wake up to the fact that bitcoin can resist confiscation like no other asset can.  The trigger could be an event in China, India, Russia, Greece, Italy, Spain, Venezuela, or the U.S. just to name a few places where capital controls, banking corruption, and the war on cash are intensifying.
I don't know when or where, but when it happens, everyone is going to go "Oh, so *THAT'S* what bitcoin if for" and the price will go up like nothing we've seen yet.
So the way to win at this game is to keep buying at regular intervals, and to keep the rest of your finances in balance well enough that you don't need to touch the money you have in bitcoin.  If you can do that, you have, in my estimation, an 80% chance of making a killing.
If you screw up and put so much of your money in bitcoin that you have to withdraw before that event hits, then you will only make a fraction of what you could have.
We need to be able to sit on our bitcoin holdings for another 2 or 3 years at least to win this.
@_date: 2017-11-04 14:37:09
You don't think that bitcoin will affect the relationship between workers and capitalists?
@_date: 2019-02-01 16:04:29
Could you expand on your comment?  I am intrigued.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:40:18
Store of value (digitial gold) is the most important use case right now, given the mounting financial chaos headed our way.
I think the fact that bitcoin transaction fees are in the $1.40 range (if you want a transaction to clear in under an hour; at least that's what it was 2 weeks ago), and that fee is only going to go up, is best solved by building the lightning network.
I would imagine that will play out over the next year in the sense that the major wallets will support opening and closing payment channels.
And I would imagine that in 2 years, amazon will be one of the biggest participants in the lightning network, allowing people all over the world to route payments through them at low fees.
@_date: 2017-11-04 14:31:54
I'd like to see you trade gold when your house can be searched with metal detectors, and or your car randomly stopped and searched.  And I'd like to see you move gold through an airport.
Those scenarios are much more likely than a widespread collapse of the electrical grid or the internet.  As society loses its grip, you hit the random search and confiscation phase much sooner.
@_date: 2019-02-22 15:42:28
Putting 1% of your portfolio into BTC would be
1. small enough that you could afford to lose it all
2. big enough that if BTC takes over the world, you will have doubled your portfolio value.
Not doing that is to miss out on one of the biggest asymetric bets history has ever offered.
@_date: 2019-02-02 06:07:38
I think you underestimate the extent to which the u.s. leverages the usd being the world's reserve currency.  And how fragile that status is.
Once the usd stops being the reserve currency, inflation will hit the u.s. very hard.  People will use bitcoin to avoid inflation, which will drain liquidity from the dollar system.
@_date: 2017-11-21 18:10:33
I am predicting that amazon will be one of the first hubs.  Seems right up their alley.
@_date: 2015-08-10 16:28:18
I watched your video on intimidation versus bribery.  I like the fundamental questions you raise, it's refreshing.
Another aspect of our system I think is corrupt is the how ballot access is all but restricted to the two main parties.  This prevents issues from being discussed outside a controlled narrative.
@_date: 2015-07-06 10:27:15
Thats a neat concept.  Thanks for working on that and writing it up.
@_date: 2019-06-12 20:01:42


... in wealthy countries, and in poor countries where a non-government electronic commodity currency could work better than fiat, m-pesa was ahead of bitcoin.
It is something of a mystery to me why bitcoin/altcoins don't play a bigger role in Venezuela than they do.  Last I heard, people transact using their mobile phones to do ETFs between bank accounts where the bolivar is only held for a matter of minutes.  As a result, most people have 5 or 6 different bank accounts (to increase the probability that they can transact with any other given person).  Its amazing that the government is able to maintain the use of the bolivar to that extent.
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:03:59
You are not worried about a form of wealth that is much harder to tax and confiscate?  Wouldn't that favor the wealthy over the poor?
Or do you just think that bitcoin will fizzle out before that happens?
Of it doesn't fizzle, and it successfully redefines money, will your voice join the chorus to ban it as a social menace that has to be stopped?
@_date: 2015-07-06 10:07:48
If you lived in a country hostile to bitcoin where using it could land you in prison, would google authenticator and gmail still be advisable components to use?
@_date: 2019-02-02 15:17:19
I see two ways for it to happen.  One is for a brokerage that owns X amount of a stock to promise to sell X tokens representing that stock and to, when ownership of some fraction of those tokens is transferred back to them, to transfer that fraction of the stock shares via the existing stock ownership method.
That's a question of the legal system holding brokerages that do that accountable.
The other way is for a company to have its equity represented directly via tokens instead of traditional stock.  And again, that only works if the government forces companies like that to keep their promises.
@_date: 2019-02-05 17:37:00
The $7.3T figure was described in the article I linked in this quote:


Roughly, that's adding up the equity of home owners before and after the 2008 crash, noting that the figure declined by $7.3T.
You wrote:


The TARP money was paid back ($426B lent $441B received back), but the expansion of the FED's balance sheet has not been.  That is printing of money, and represents a tax on all dollar denominated assets.
However, I would like to make a larger claim.  You reasoned:


I don't think you can say that banks are private parties when they operate under a fractional reserve system.  What they are, is licensed to print money.  So they are acting under color of low (as agents of the government) in doing so.
That allows them to take systemic risks that private companies not so licensed could not no.
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:04:42
Venezuelans are going to vary in what they have to trade with each other.  As long as there are a few with some goods or services that others need and are willing to trade for, then a crypto currency could make a big difference.
Transaction fees are going to put a lower limit on the value of trades.
To really understand the possibilities we need to know what sort of goods and services people have to work with in venezuela.
How many people still own and drive cars, and how to they buy gas?
How many people are able to grow food on the sly and have more then they can eat and would like to exchange it?
What sort of everyday skills exist in a typical venezuelan neighboorhood?
Part of what makes hyperinflation so bad for a country is that it reduces everyone to direct barter, or to using a commodity like gold that can easily be stolen / confiscated.
I would think bitcoin or litecoin would be a perfect way to turn that situation around.
If you had two cars, but your bank account was wiped out and your local currency worthless, you might be willing to sell your car if you could easily store the wealth and then subdivide it and buy perishable food a day's worth at a time.
Without a usable currency, you might wait until you were starving and exchange your whole car for a day's food.
@_date: 2017-11-04 13:56:07
You can't go wrong with In The Beginning was the Command Line.
Snow Crash is my favorite novel of his.
@_date: 2017-11-06 22:44:07


OK.  Suppose bitcoin becomes a universal form of money.
It is so hard to confiscate wealth from people that the government can't.
How would that stop amoral businessmen, and the wealthy generally, from using their ownership of the means of production to, in short order, collect most of the available bitcoin and hold the rest of the population trapped in wage slavery?
Only this time, a govenment would be powerless to effectively tax the wealthy, or if not completely powerless to, far less able to.
Wouldn't you consider that a huge setback?
Wouldn't you want to ban bitcoin if you thought it would lead to that?
@_date: 2017-11-15 22:15:50
So it looks like nothing huge went down with bitcoin in Zimbabwe, based on [this]( article.
Its not my assertion that bitcoin totally usurps all fiat currency everywhere around the world.  What I think will happen is that in a country where the currency becomes useless, bitcoin can fill the void.  Once it does that, bitcoin won't suddenly destroy the USD, but it will start to limit the fed's ability to print money and quickly relieve it of any ability to do so.
At that point, the USD will compete with bitcoin for use in everyday transactions.
@_date: 2017-11-15 13:12:11
I kept waiting for this to happen in venezuela.  Then Zimbabwe was discussed as a possibility a few weeks ago.  This could be the moment when everyone realized what bitcoin is really for.
@_date: 2019-02-02 14:56:20
Thanks.  Interesting distictions.  Registered bearer overlaps almost entirely in my mind with bearer instrument but I do see the distinction now.
As long as wireless internet is widely available, and outages are extremely rare, the dictinctions are not likely to manifest.  It's not hard to imagine place where that breaks down, though, like zimbabwe.
@_date: 2017-11-04 01:05:43
I am curious to hear what you think of bitcoin.
Will it be a tool that empowers the weak or just another tool that the strong use to oppress the weak?
@_date: 2019-04-01 20:28:11
exactly.  BTC's price will only rise as long as banks keep trying to play the usual games with fiat.  Eventually, banks will have to knock it off or they will destroy themselves.  Once they realize this, and are forced to stop increasing the fiat supply, allow for customer privacy, stop censoring payments, ..., the fiat / BTC price will stabilize.
@_date: 2019-04-05 20:53:40
You mean like they way they stopped the internet from challenging mainstream media, which they had enormous control over, by beating people up with wrenches when they used craigslist for free instead of paying to advertise in their local newspaper's classified ad section?  Because if they didn't do that, the next thing they knew, they would have people like Julian Assange, Chelsey Manning, and Edward Snowden to deal with who single handedly were able to constrain U.S. foreign policy and the growth of the surveillance state?
Or the way the Iranian government, terrified of twitter and facebook in the wake of the 2009 election where street protests were organized against the regieme, declared them illegal, filtered them via countrywide firewall, whereupon people used VPNs to get around that and made such a joke out of the censorship attempt that the president of Iran himself uses twitter to make public announcements?  And still, the legal system considers twitter to be illegal?
Oh sure.  Governments can shut down decentralized networks anytime they want.
@_date: 2019-04-04 22:10:30
I have thought of the commando raid scenario from time to time as somewhat likely.
I suspect the best way to prepare for that is to use a brain wallet.  When the knock on your door comes, you claim you lost the paper you wrote the seed down on.
Regarding the timeline of the OP, all it would take for us to shoot way out to the right (to reliable store of value) would be a repeat of 2008 crisis.  And that could easily happen in a single year.
@_date: 2019-04-07 03:39:33
The nominal value of the debt may grow without limit, but the value it represents doesn't have to grow without limit.
Especially when the lowering of interest rates prevents the signaling of risk between lenders and entrepreneurs, resulting in the resources available for new projects being spread evenly across all offered business plans instead of favoring the plans that have a better chance of succeeding.
@_date: 2019-04-19 16:07:23
Yes.  And regular banks make more money through fractional reserve lending (which produces inflation as a side effect), which allows them to generate the capital they need to loan money (and then charge interest on that) by double counting their depositor's money, than they lose through inflation.
So its a bank fee.
If they were not allowed to double count deposits, they would have to first raise capital before lending it.  And to do that, they would have to pay interest to the people loaning them money (CD depositors, say) before charging interest to the businesses they would then loan to.  That is, they would have to share some of what they were earning on making loans with the public, instead of simply helping themselves to the public's money and diluting its buying power (taxing it) as a side effect.
@_date: 2019-04-04 15:20:29
Holding onto to bitcoin does take a continuous journey of learning to continue to justify it through price rises and falls.
@_date: 2019-04-23 21:48:33
I dont think that scenario is nearly as bad as the glass bead example.  For one thing, the newcomer can't manufacture bitcoin easily.
Buying out a village like that would leave the peopke with enough bitcoin to move to other areas nearby and buy more land and houses than they started with.
It doesn't seem like a pathological example to me.
@_date: 2019-04-08 15:22:23
Fiat money in a fractional reserve system doesn't exist until its borrowed into existence.  100% reserve fiat money doesn't work that way, not does commodity money.
One reason why debt will not continue to grow is that the fractional reserve fiat system is that its inherently unstable.  I honestly don't think 99.9% of MMT folks understand this. Its a house of cards (pyramid scheme) that will collapse.  It has to.  There are periods of time where people are able to concentrate the risk of default into larger and larger pools that are less likely to collapse under any given amount of leverage, but the banking system around that pool is always trying to increase the leverage and thus the risk of total collapse (and the consequences of that collapse) are increasing as well.
2008 was one example of this playing out, and the next iteration of that will arrive in a few years.  I am surprised we made it through 2018 without it happening.  The same tricks used to stabilize the system in the aftermath of 2008 won't work next time, especially given the existence of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-04-11 22:26:30
I wonder how they plan to use bitcoin to fight money laundering?
I can think of a few ways it could do that, but I wonder what they have in mind.
For example, if you have agents collecting money for a charity, and you give them the public key of a bitcoin address to use for that, or you assign each agent a different public key to use, then you make it hard for agents to pocket cash from the people they are soliciting.  And you make it easy to track how much each agent collected.
@_date: 2019-04-07 03:30:12
I don't think it makes any more sense to manipulate interest rates than it does to manipulate commodity prices.  All it does it stop a signalling mechanism from working resulting in malinvestment and low growth.
@_date: 2019-04-01 20:23:03
Once bitcoin relieves the central banks of their ability to print money (because doing to immediately increases the price of bitcoin through aggressive price discovery resulting from widespread use of bitcoin, rendering CB moves more visible so they can't lurk in darkness like they are used to doing), the fiat / btc exchange rate will stabilize.  At that point fiat money will have some advantages and btc will have other advantages.
Tokenized securities will also have the ability to function as money.
And it would be possible to loan someone BTC and be paid interest, because over the life of the loan, BTC will be circulating and available for many uses and not everyone will be using it purely to make loans.
We may go through periods where governments actively fight bitcoin and, during those periods, it may not be possible to make loans in BTC because the price will keep increasing faster than the economy is on average.  Those periods are not sustainable, however, as governments will lose that war of attrition and have to give it up, whereupon prices stabilize.
@_date: 2019-04-08 15:35:14
I mostly agree with your side of this argument here, which I would summarize as:  banks/gvt won't be able to repo the bulk of the physical posessions in the hands of the general population, even if on paper they have the right to do so
I would go further to assert that: As bad as the coming fiat banking collapse will be, one thing we will have going for us this time is a viable payment system / store of value (bitcoin).  During the 2008 crisis, companies were depositing their payroll funds into treasuries with negative yields because they thought that was safer than banks, which they were worried might fail.
This time, people and businesses will be much more likely to deposit their funds into bitcoin, because it will be viewed as much more stable / less likely to be confiscated / lose value than even treasuries would.
The main leverage the banking system had against the population last time was: make us whole or the payment network will stop working and civilisation will grind to a halt.  That leverage won't exist this time.  Bitcoin + lightning network can handle the transaction rate of the entire world economy securely.
Fiat banking won't survive the next crisis because they don't have the threat of depriving the world of the ability to make payments.
@_date: 2017-04-04 19:04:05
If all litecoin ever does is force the hand of the bitcoin miners to adopt segwit so the lightning network can launch, then litecoin crashes and burns never to be heard from again, its creators and operators still deserve our undying gratitude for their efforts.
And if the cookie breaks the other way (if the lightning network takes a long time to become useful on litecoin [a period of years] while the bitcoin miners hang tough until its too late and litecoin leapfrogs bitcoin to become the premier cryptocurrency) then our undying gratitude will be the least of their well deserved rewards.
@_date: 2017-04-12 13:39:28
You mean for bitcoin to gain wide acceptance?
@_date: 2019-04-06 20:20:00
As long as people live in the physical world and live in houses, drive cars, buy food, etc, I don't see how the untracability of money would prevent the governments ability to tax and regulate.  I do see how it would harder for the government to set tax rates so high that the average person could not reasonably pay them, or to forbid people from donating to wikileaks.  So I don't see the problem with untracable money.
It wasn't too long ago that most people used cash for most things, and governments had no problem taxing and regulating then.  Cash is mostly untracable.
I think what the success of bitcoin will do is bring accountability to central banking.  It will relieve the central banks if the ability to print money with no discipline, eroding the value of the publics personal savings.
So I think overall things will be more regulated and honest because bitcoin will regulate the central banks, which are largely unregulated or disciplined today.
@_date: 2019-04-19 11:06:30
What is the reason for liquidity swapping between CB's?  What problem are they supposed to solve?
@_date: 2018-11-14 19:31:53
Bribery to do something fradulent or violent, or to do something honest and peaceful that had been criminalized (just guessing here, but I assume the government has made it illegal to trade gold because it would interfere with their printing of money if people were to get in the habit of trading gold?) unjustly?
@_date: 2018-11-09 22:30:36
I would love to hear more about this panic in germany.  What happened?
W.r.t your point about huge short term profits being tolerated, are you thinking about what happens to people who buy before final price discovery event?  As in, governments would be tempted to do some sort of windfall profits tax to wipe out most of the gains of people who invested, say $10,000 and ended up with $10,000,000 or more?
And in what sense could fiat have lessened that?
As for digital gold versus currency, why wouldn't it be useful as both?
@_date: 2019-04-08 16:20:36
The broadcast media has been focusing the public debate over the functioning of the institutions that run society away from substance and informative commentary and toward ungrounded emotional argumentation.  This allows the few people who still understand what is really going on to pursue unholy agendas to enrich themselves at the public's expense, or to gather mob power unto themselves to justify things that would never fly if the broader public was clued in.
The connection to bitcoin is to focus this point on the banking system.
While I agree with Sagan's point about how the broadcast media operates, I think that social media (and more broadly the internet) have more than picked up the slack in educating the public about how its institutions actually function.  In fairness to Sagan, the internet was too small in 1995 for this effect to be observable then.
I think there are more people who understand how the fiat banking system works in detail, thanks to bitcoin and the twitter / youtube / reddit commentary around it, than there ever were in the 20th century (in absoulte numbers, or as a fraction of the population).
I also think that the rise of the software industry has distributed the detailed knowledge of how the various institutions of society work.  Think of how many programmers work in the finance industry.  I used to.  That was how I learned about credit card authorization and settlement procedures in detail.
So even though there is little manufacturing in the sense of workers on an assembly line, the knowledge of how the industrial base around us works is much more widely distributed thanks to the armies of programmers required to write the software to keep things running.
@_date: 2018-11-17 15:34:55
How would we side step it?
@_date: 2018-11-14 16:07:17
Let's play that out and see what happens.  Suppose, when the government wanted money to do something, it just printed it via bond issue and fed purchase, instead of attempting to raise taxes and engage in a political fight.
What do you suppose would happen?
@_date: 2018-11-14 19:43:45
I don't think that kind of manipulation (buying a good fraction of all available stock for something thinly traded) was possible here.
If he had formed a vast network of gold dealers and gotten people to agree what price to charge, I would agree that would count as manipulation, although its hard to picture how someone could pull that off.
@_date: 2018-11-24 14:05:09
It hasn't done this to any significant degree yet but I predict it will drain liquidity from the central banks as they try to get more efficient at theft on a grand scale (regulatory capture).  I particularly expect that the next banking crisis will play out that way.
@_date: 2018-11-23 02:08:25
Bitcoin is an electronic credit system that punishes central banks for behaving irresponsibly by taking their liquidity away until they learn their lesson and behave responsibly.
@_date: 2018-11-09 20:41:54
By realizing that, with a fixed money supply, the increased purchasing power of a unit of currency is averaged over the economic activity of the previous year.
So there will be some business opportunities that outperform the average and others that don't.  As an investor, you can do better than sitting on cash if you analyze business plans and loan money to those business plans that you believe are well founded.
If you have any skill at vetting business plans that is.
If you dont, then you have no business trying to pick winners and losers.  Seek another way to spend your time and pay the people who do have that skill to do it for you.
If you judge a particular plan as being riskier than most, you will ask for a higher interest rate.  "The" interest rate over any period of time arises, in a given industry, from the aggregate of many such investor entrepreneur negotiations.  That's why it is an indicator, a measuer of risk.
If you put policy pressure on an economic indicator, it ceases to be an economic indicator.  Just like how, if you photoshop an xray, it ceases to be a useful health indicator.
Manipulating interest rates by printing money makes about much sense as manipulating commodity prices.
In the case of interest rates, it deprives the economy of the hard scrunity required to sort good plans from bad ones, spreading the available resources to develop new products and services out evenly across all offered plans, killing economic growth.
@_date: 2018-11-17 19:45:32
Suppose the attack was to build out 51% hashing power and then to just mine empty blocks.
@_date: 2018-11-10 01:18:06
Why would bitcoin taking over the world stop taxation?  It would be child's play to estimate how much money most businesses generate in revenue without even seeing their books, at least in the sense of a rough lower bound.  You have to own or rent a house, car, and many other observables.
@_date: 2018-11-09 21:27:35
Bitcoin can only grow in value like it has because most people don't realize what it is good for and, from time to time, a new group of people figure it out, pushing the value up.
Before bitcoin could take over the world money supply, most people would have to realize it's value as a payment system.  Once that happens, there will no longer be huge jumps in price.  Then further increases in value will be driven by the average on economic activity.
So at that point, you could pick investments that would beat it's returns.
@_date: 2018-03-31 21:19:47
Gold and bitcoin overlap quite a bit, although bitcoin has some serious advantages.
They both have a limited supply and attest to proof of work.  It's very hard to mine new gold or bitcoin.
In the case of gold the commodity uses (jewelry, electronics) have lots of substitutes.
In bitcoins case, the commodity use is to make entries in a distributed database that is very hard to corrupt or censor.
The advantage bitcoin has over gold is that it is easy to subdivide and assay.  Much easier.
And it's also much harder to censor or confiscate.
Lots of people know about the confiscation of gold during the great depression and realize that if the banks collapsed, gold could be confiscated again.
@_date: 2018-11-18 17:25:49
That's an interesting question actually that I never thought about before, even though you have the exact same issue with an ETF that buys stocks.
@_date: 2017-04-12 03:10:41
I doubt that will work once bitcoin is widely used and people don't bother to convert bitcoin back to cash.  Or most transactions are over the lighthing network.
That thought is like the post office blessing email whilst dreaming of passing a law where everyone has to route their emails through the nearest post office, whereupon their print it out, truck it to the destination post office, type it in, and send it electronically to its destination.
@_date: 2018-11-30 22:16:48
What period of time did the audit cover, in which $3T went missing?
@_date: 2018-11-07 21:41:00
Roughly speaking, how is it possible to manipulate the price of gold?
@_date: 2018-03-15 19:24:18
I don't think the idea that the government should be able to shut down things that have no social benefit has any social benefit.
@_date: 2018-03-30 13:57:24


How do you figure?


There is some risk that the LN concept is fatally flawed and can't ever work.  I am not aware of any existing criticism of the concepts behind it, however, that's damning.
Are you?
@_date: 2019-01-31 20:11:29
It would be inflating against bitcoin and every other commodity, and when we reach that point, the government will
1. realize that bitcoin is a reserve asset that could be used to stabilize the dollar
2. therefore be tempted to confiscate it for the same reasons it was tempted to confiscate gold in the 1930s: to give the dollar legitimacy for settling foreign accounts, while forbidding its internal use and covertability.
The government may even stop printing money at that point.  This would be a bail out of dollar denominated assets, borne on the back of everyone investing in bitcoin presently.  Everyone who watched the price rise and resisted the temptation to cash out and have a party.  Everyone who watched the price fall and resisted the temptation to panic and cut their losses.  Everyone who showed discipline, curiosity, inventiveness, faith, ..., and built a payment network that couldn't be hacked, the could end the cycle of fiat history.
If that does come to pass, it won't last long.  Eventually, the government will not be able to resist the temptation to print money again.  The vietnam war broke the back of the bretton woods agreement where we were not supposed to print more money and guaranteed that by converting the dollar to gold on demand for foreign accounts.  It was obvious we were printing dollars, foreign countries demanded we convert to gold, our gold reserves dwindled, until Nixon ended convertability, acknowledging that we broke our promise.
All it would take would be one more crisis that we couldn't figure out how to pay for to end the convertibility of the USD under a bretton woods bitcoin system.
This cycle only ends when the government loses the ability to confiscate money through printing.
@_date: 2019-01-28 20:54:41
I have heard many people comment on how an asset that is thinly traded is easy to manipulate.  I would like to learn the basics of how this works, because I don't get how its possible.
Could you walk me through an example?
@_date: 2019-01-29 22:07:22
Interesting.  They seem to want to have it both ways: allow citizens to hold and transfer cryptos but not to directly use them to buy and sell goods and services directly with them.
I predict that's going to work as well as allowing iranians to get on the internet but not to use reddit or twitter or any other open ended commentary system.
Not only do iranians routinely get around this via VPNs, president Rouhani himself uses facebook and twitter to communicate to the population at large.
This seems to be a face saving move for people in the government that need to feel like they are in control of something when they obviously are not.
In this case, there is a faction in the government that is not willing to let go of the control the central bank has over the currency everyone uses.  I believe they must sense that people are rather fed up with the inflation they experienced recently and that cryptos would catch on very quickly once people started using them.  And in a very short time, that faction would no longer be able to tax just by printing money.
I wonder how this is going to play out.  Presummably, if stores start advertising prices in btc, that would be a dead give away so stores will hesitate to go first.
A more low key approach would be to advertise your prices in rial but change them often, and allow people to pay in btc at the market rial/btc rate.
Still pretty easy to observe, for a government agent (just walk into a store and try to pay with btc).
A still more low key approach would be to change your rial into btc at the end of the day in OTC trades via local bitcoins.
This would still be observable, from the banking system, as your bank balance would stay much lower than it had before, but it would take time to observe and by the time the government decided to nail people for it it may be awfully widespread.
This is fantastic news.  It seems to be a race between the people of Iran and Venezuela to give us a demonstration of how you can build (or rescue) an entire economy on bitcoin.
I wish them both the best of luck and hope it doesn't get any nastier for either of them.  You guys rock!
@_date: 2019-01-21 20:23:37
If by they, you mean the shrinking faction of the government that continues to profit by the economic ruin of the surrounding country, then yes, they would never want bitcoin.  If by they you mean every other faction of the government that would benefit from a stabilized country + economy, then no.
I am seeing a race between Zimbabwe and Venezuela to be the first proof of concept where bitcoin redeems a hyper inflation / feral government collapse and starts to grow the surrounding economy.
@_date: 2019-01-06 22:10:12
Roughly speaking, you can define a word when you can rewrite sentences to have the same meaning using that word so that they don't use it.
You can tell when someone has a problem defining a particular word when they use it quite a bit in their argumentation, you ask them to restate one or more of their assertions without that word and they refuse to.
One word in particular that people have trouble defining is feminism.
@_date: 2019-01-18 17:03:19
I suspect a variation on those elements is actually close to the truth.
@_date: 2019-01-30 04:26:32
The same reason americans lost the right to own monetary gold from 1930s through 1970s.
@_date: 2018-03-15 16:29:38
How do you figure?
"Bitcoin helps terrorists move money around" is no more valid / meaningful than rental cars help terrorists move themselves around and hotels help them rest when on the road, or that cell phones help terrorists communicate.
By themselves, statements like that are strictly true but don't connect to useful / interesting analysis of bitcoin and criminal activity.
If you disagree, feel free to connect those statements to an interesting analysis of bitcoin and criminal activity.
@_date: 2019-01-07 15:17:01
Worst in terms of cheating.  The worst thing that can happen in terms of disrupting bitcoin is to continually mine empty blocks.
@_date: 2019-01-14 18:54:45
How does your mother in law handle the btc?  Does she use an exchange to receive it for her and as a wallet to spend it?  Or does she just convert it to bolivars in her bank account for paying bills?
@_date: 2019-01-11 18:16:14
The value of all coins and banknotes in the world was $2.7T in 2017.  If those are replaced by bitcoin then each btc is worth 2.7e12 / 21e6 = $128571.
[Here]( is a visualization of all of the money in the world in various categories.
@_date: 2019-01-25 17:22:03
If I understand you correctly, you feel that taxes are generally too low.  That is, the government, on the whole, makes better use of money in its activities than the general public does through trade, commerce, and consumption.
You worry less about bankers, even with 2008 as a demonstration of their power and competance to run the global payment network, than you do about non-banking businessmen.
Am I reading you correctly?
@_date: 2018-03-29 23:24:13
But people are using bitcoin.
Some people are using bitcoin for remittances, and some are using it to escape capital controls
I would guess that most people are using it as one of the few credible hedges against the banking system collapsing.
While bitcoin tokens can be used as a currency, that particular use case is simply overshadowed by their use as a hedge.
As long as the banking and perpetual debt government budgetary mechanisms remain functional and obviously unstable, the hedge use case will loom large.
If the banking system collapses, the currency use suddenly becomes much more important.
Another scenario is that the banking system stabilizes by abandoning the manipulation of interest rates.  Basically, QE stops, and interest rates once again signal business plan risk.
At that point, the price of bitcoin stabilizes and the currency use becomes much more important.
We will know which of these scenarios wins soon enough.  I would be surprised if we don't find out within the next 2 years.
See you on the other side of the coming historic institutional power shift, friend.
@_date: 2018-11-14 17:33:46
You don't think that the public ever sees the money that the government borrows from the Fed, after the Fed creates it, in a scenario where most government revenue comes from that printing?
Every government employee sees that money in their paycheck.  As do people working for companies on a project funded by the government.
Of course the public sees that money.
If the government were to attempt to pay its debts purely through printing money, calling the downside of that "inflation" is technically correct, but doesn't do justice to the magnitude of the catastrophe it would be.
Do you agree?  Could you attempt to flesh out that story in more detail?
@_date: 2019-01-25 15:54:28
Most people are wealthier than they were in the mid 20th century.  Would you rather everyone be poorer but more equal?
@_date: 2018-11-14 15:49:06
From the article:


I fail to see how buying a commodity like gold that you think is going to become valuable is an attempt at manipulation.  There is always some risk in a move like that, because if it were perfectly obvious what the price was going to be in a month, say, then it would already be at that price now.
Waiting until you can see that some commodity prices have gone up significantly from when someone bought in, and then accusing them of hoarding, is a weak moral claim.
Printing money, when you are supposed to guard its value, on the other hand, is clear manipulation.  Its an attempt to settle debts through theft of two fronts: from the people holding the currency generally and from the people you owe debts to specifically.  Shame on the government.


What's so special about crime in the financial realm, that you would need special courts to deal with it?  I suspect part of the thought here is that the government is so obviously guilty of fraud in the financial realm, that some care would have to be taken in hearing cases lest the government be called to account for the very crimes citizens stand accused of.  They should call that court "The court of special pleading."






Seems a bit desperate on the government's part.  As if they want to warn people from doing something peaceful and honest that, if people did in large numbers, would call some sort of bluff.
@_date: 2019-01-15 12:27:26
I mostly agree with your argument, and am surprised it took the govt so long to adopt this as a atrategy.
However, while your points all make sense to me from the point of view of a government that wants to improve its economy, if that was the goal.all along then printing enough money to cause hyper inflation was a bad plan and not consistent with that goal.
So this was always a case of a government of factions where a minority faction was able to profit while the overall government and society lost ground economically.  It's not clear to me that thst faction would be better off under widespread CryptoCurrency adoption.
A few points from your list are debatable.
The mining equipment: unless the government can generate electricity more cheaply that usd 0.04 per kwhr then they would lose money mining at current btc prices and hashing rate.
Taxing btc that moves through centralized exchanges is easy but when people withdraw crypto from exchanges it becomes much harder to tax.  About as hard to tax as cash without the ability to hyperinflate (viewing the inflation as a tax mechanism).
Localbitcoins (what your mother in law was advised to use) is not a centralized exchange exactly.  I would be surprised if they would give the venezuelan gvt enough info to tax her wages on.
On the other hand, it's not like a cash economy is hard to tax simply because of a lack of bank or credit card ledgers to scrutinize.  It's not hard to estimate cash flows by observing businesses from the outside.  But it is hard enough to tax it that the government will have a real fight on its hands.
If companies are really starting to pay people in venezuela in cryptocurrencies (not counting the petro as one) as a general practice, I suspect the economy will start to recover quickly.
@_date: 2019-01-30 23:00:42


That period lasted from 1933 to 1974.
The fact that the government resorted to confiscation in the past, and for 40 years, should tell you that legally and culturally, this is a distinct possibility if the value of the dollar started to drop like a stone because people were using bitcoin instead of dollars as the currency of choice.  That is, it would if it were feasible to do that.
It may be feasible or it may not.  I suspect not.  We'll see, perhaps before the end of 2019.
@_date: 2018-02-22 16:39:23
Was it in the interest of the MSM to maintain their control over the public discourse and as a gatekeeper of information against the threat of the internet?
How did that work out?
Were there any early setbacks in the rise of the internet where people thought "well, that did look promising, but it just had a big setback so we can now confidently predict that it won't recover" where the innovators regrouped, learned from the early mistakes, and developed new solutions and went on to succeed beyond anyone's wildest dreams?
@_date: 2019-01-06 22:46:37
Great point.  I would just modify this:




@_date: 2019-01-11 12:52:34
My claim about the ability of the government to deduce the amount of money businesses and individuals make doesn't only apply to large purchases like houses and cars.  Imagine a restaurant that tried to claim it only made a small fraction of the money it actually made.
How hard would it be, even if everyone used a crypto that was as hard to trace as cash, for the government, or any interested party, to get a good estimate (within 10% say)?
If you parked across the street and just watched people enter the restautant for a few days, you would get a good sense of how many people ate there in a day.  By going inside, you could read the menu and see prices, by attempting to get a job there as a cook, you could tell how much staff were paid, etc.
It was only in the last 50 years that credit cards became commonplace.  Before that people mostly used cash.  Do you think governments didn't tax people before the sort of traceability that routine credit card use made possible?
Regarding the overall requirements we want our systems of rules to satisfy, how do you propose that we prevent the next repeat of the 2008 banking crisis from killing the global economy?
Bitcoin is the only credible alternative set of rules to the fiat banking system I am aware of that offers resistance to the sort of top down financial fraud that nearly killed the world economy.
@_date: 2019-01-25 15:38:30
How so?
@_date: 2019-01-28 18:37:23
I really appreciate you taking the time to field questions about what life is like in Venezuela.  I have some more Q's if you are interested.
If the bolivar bills have to be weighed instead of counted in big stacks, and people are still mostly paying for things in bills, then how do grocery stores store all the bills, and how do people carry them around? 
These fractured details that the press focuses on in its reporting makes it hard to picture the average person's daily life on Venezuela.
My best guess is that most comsummable goods are not being moved through stores and paid for in currency, but are being rationed / provided by the governement and picked up by people from distribution centers. 
Can you give a basic description of how much food a typical family eats in a day and how they get it?
@_date: 2019-01-11 04:39:31
If we all used a crypto currency that was impossible for the government to directly trace, as long as people live in houses, drive cars, and work at companies, governments will have a good idea how much money they are spending and make, so the existing rules that specify how much you pay on your income and property are still enforcable.
Were those the only rules you were thinking about, or did you have something that applied to cryptocurriencies in particular in mind?
Something relating to human trafficking?
@_date: 2019-01-10 16:53:08
I agree.
@_date: 2019-01-25 16:07:56
What is a cryptolord and what sort of power would they have over me, such that I would rather give banks the power to privitize their gains and socialize the losses on a grand scale that threatens the entire economy, with the most dramatic example of that being 2008?
@_date: 2019-01-28 20:59:45
I know for me it worked this way.  I didn't understand how bitcoin worked at first, nor how money or investments or banking worked.
Then I learned how bitcoin worked and started defending the concepts.
People who (I thought) understood investment would start asking hard questions about bitcoin's stability, what would happen in the maximalist scenario (OMG that would lead to, gasp, deflation!?!) , ... and, by thinking hard about bitcoin's operating principles (and watching AA's videos where he thinks out loud about the fundamentals of money [hard / soft promises is my favorite talk by him]), I was able to come up with answers. 
Then I started to understand how the existing banking system and investment strategies worked by extension / analogy to my understanding of how bitcoin worked.
Its been one of the most fun learning rides I have ever been on and it just keeps getting better.
edit: a few weeks ago I used pro.coinbase.com to exchange my BCH dividends (from the 2017-08 fork) for BTC, and then withdrew that to a paper wallet I created with electrum.  And that taught me how order books work and what a depth chart is.  I have an effing blast learning that stuff.
@_date: 2018-02-28 23:21:11
I think Graber aired petty grievances when she talked about fuming at comments that "women can't code" from random trolls and when she talked about how UI work wasn't valued.
As for the article, I made no assertions about it, and had not read it before writing my comments above.
I did try to read the article just now and I don't like its tone that men in tech are generally poorly behaved.  I agree with it that Moe Levin (never heard of him before) holding the after party at a strip club is absurd.
@_date: 2018-03-26 01:34:21
Bitcoin is not going to become the only currency in the world.  It's going to become the only public ledger in the world.
Other currencies and assets will use that ledger to record ownership, which allows all sorts of assets to be used as money, including fiat.
It's just that any fiat where the issuing bank continues to print will see the price of its fiat fall so much that the extra liquidity they tried to create vanishes.
At which there is no advantage to printing and it stops.
@_date: 2019-01-18 17:05:00
Well, the fact that the Saudi's only accept USD for payment is one of the forces creating international demand for USD.
When they start accepting other currencies as payment, the USD's value will take a hit in the short term, to be sure.
@_date: 2019-01-22 19:08:21
Those things have immense utility in the presence of a frictionless, hard to censor, hard to confiscate, medium of exchange / payment system.
When that payment system grinds to a halt, the value of those other things collapses spectacularly.
If only we had a payment system that was not so fragile ...
@_date: 2019-01-09 16:58:41
The sooner everyone accepts that frac reserve in an unstable pyramid scheme, the sooner we can make that illegal and build a, gasp, honest banking system that stops allowing the financial elites to privatize the profits and socialize the losses.
Until the current system is brought to its knees, we can't fix it.
@_date: 2018-02-02 20:57:27
It's a payment system that addresses the weaknesses in the banking.  Weaknesses demonstrated in 2008, and left unaddressed.  When those weaknesses manifest next, the true value of bitcoin will have been demostrated.  Some people understand that value now, most don't but will soon enough.
The basic law of finance in play here is that if know something about the value of an asset that most other people dont, you can make a killing on that knowledge by trading before it's common knowledge.
@_date: 2019-01-09 14:02:29
Lots of them amount to wage and price controls.  Not impressed.
@_date: 2019-01-22 19:04:28
It is when the people creating the debt (using the assets of the general population to do so) are able to cause an existential threat and then walk away when it materializes only to start again. 
@_date: 2019-01-25 17:24:20
I agree with your original post and followup.  I mis-interpreted it as being a criticism of the cartoon initially and couldn't square your arguments with that.
@_date: 2019-01-06 22:41:45
I think the value of X arises from the things you can do with X (that some significant number of people would actually want to do, even if not everyone would want to), its use cases.  Price = value + scarcity (of X and substitutes that cover its use cases).
@_date: 2019-01-28 23:05:17
That makes sense but I am lost on how you could move the price while deliberately losing money and then make a trade that took advantage of that to make back what you lost and then some
@_date: 2019-01-30 18:55:34
Americans had to turn in gold that was not some sort of family heirloom.  The U S still settled foreign accounts in gold, so the dollar's foreign value was based on gold until Nixon stopped the convertibility.  At which point the usd became a free floating currency.
It's funny that you refer to commodity money as subjecting the government to the mercy of the market.  I think not having commodity money leaves the citizenry at the mercy of the government.
Bitcoin is commodity money, and the government forbidding people to use it is as well founded as the government forbidding people to use gold as money.
@_date: 2019-01-25 15:49:50
We don't need the banking system / payment network to stop wealth hording.  
The existence of entrepreneurs that need money to build products and services, and of business analysts capable of separating good business plans from bad, and of people who have saved money by spending less than they make to provide capital to fund those entrepreneurs, takes care of that.  It does so by generating a return, which rewards people who save and are willing to risk some of their savings.  People who sit on their money and don't risk it lose out to the people willing to risk it.
Unless the savers willing to risk their own money are underbid by banks that can print money (equivalent to a general tax on people holding dollar denominated assets) in order to spread available working capital across a larger set of business plans without seriously scrutinizing those business plans.
They are using our money to place bets in which they privatize the gains and socialize the losses.
What we need the monetary / payment system to do is stop wealth theft on a grand scale through printing + frac reserve.
@_date: 2019-01-24 19:58:49
I used one for the first time in the U.S just a month ago.  You say you want to buy, the machine asks you for your phone number, it txt's you a code, you enter the code into the machine, feed bills, either hold your phone with QR code of the rx address you want the BTC sent to under the scanner, or manually enter the address in an on screen keyborad, touch submit and it prints you a receipt.
BTC was roughly $3815 USD at the time and the the machine sold to me at $4693.  So the fee was roughly 25%.
@_date: 2019-01-06 22:56:53
I think JimmySong is using "innovation in a currency" to mean "expand the specific set of things the currency can do" rather than "focus on maintaining a specific set of things it can do."
Ethereum is more innovative in that sense than bitcoin.  The developers are trying to expand what ether can do well beyond the set of things bitcoin has focused on.
Bitcoin's developers have done a much better job of implementing a particular set of use cases than the ethereum developers have done at implementing that same set.  And in pursuing that set, the bitcoin devs have had to develop new areas of cryptography, and write very solid code.  I think that counts as a great deal of innovation, but Jimmy was restricting his use of the word.
@_date: 2019-01-11 22:10:45
Good point, although his description of his calculation was confusing.  All the wealth in the world would presummably include the value of residential, commercial, and farming real estate.
@_date: 2019-01-06 23:04:39
I think the set of properties bitcoin has is exactly what's needed to harden the world financial system against the next banking crisis.  The mother of all flaws is fractional reserve banking + expandable supply.  Bitcoin is an amazing solution to those problems.
The reason people around the world are not generally using it yet is that we haven't had a repeat of the 2008 crisis.
Another reason is that the 'system of control' property of money has not hit the average person in the face yet.
The next round of price discovery will happen because of one of those two use cases becoming very important.  It's a race between those two use cases.  I can't believe we made it out of 2018 without a repeat of 2008.  While I still think we will probably have a repeat of 2008 before 2019 is done, I think the censorship of social media via patreon / paypal may happen first.
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:26:22


I agree that it's value is subjective, and I think there is a good 10% chance that bitcoin becomes worthless in the next few years.  That's why I don't invest any more money in it than I can afford to lose.


I don't think we will know bitcoins true value until we see it play a role in the coming repeat of the 2008 banking crisis.  You have to admit that 2008 was a disaster that some people saw coming but which the masters of the banking system either couldn't or wouldn't act to prevent. Yes the current system has vast resources committed to it, but it's an unstable system and governments have no hope of fixing it.
I give bitcoin an 80% chance of being the crypto currency that forces governments to stop playing with fire (fractional reserve banking).
Governments had a lot of resources invested in the mainstream media, but look what social media has done to it.  Its not the lever of power it used to be. Neither will money be.
@_date: 2019-01-10 19:43:41
What rules applied to crypto would prevent/ reduce human trafficing?
@_date: 2019-01-07 00:54:02
The overlap is in the set of one person's sell prices and another's buy prices.
If A values something at x USD, sell_set(x) = {y : y &gt;=x}, while buy_set(x) = {y: y&lt;=x}.
So if we have A valuing something at 1.02, and B valuing it at 0.98, then the set
A's buy_set(1.02) intersect B's sell_set(0.98) == {y : 1.02 &lt;= y &lt;= 0.98}
A non-empty set.
@_date: 2019-01-14 05:25:33
How common is it for companies to pay people in btc?
@_date: 2017-09-22 23:19:47
Centralisation leads to tower of babel events.  That is the main force opposing centralisation.  It is very powerful.  2008 was the tower of babel for the banking system.
@_date: 2018-02-22 22:22:15
Its a lot easier to track the movement of money on the bitcoin blockchain than it is to track the movement of cash (see the take down of the silk road), which is why drug dealers love cash.  And its a lot easier to put bitcoin merchants dealing drugs in prison that the executive managers at HSBC caught red handed money laundering for drug cartels, which is why drug dealers love the banking system.
@_date: 2017-09-17 18:29:58
Speaking about banking regulators, have you heard william black talk about the young regulator that just started working and started calling up banks and asking them for their loan tapes?
He won't be doing *that* again.
@_date: 2017-09-20 22:19:02
The majority of people buying and holding bitcoin are doing so because they suspect the existing financial system is fraudulent.
So they think thats it's presently way undervalued.
In the long term, it's value won't keep going up like that.
So I don't think it will have a deflationary effect.
Bitcoin tokens are a commodity.  They are required to make entries in the blockchain which is protected by 6000 tera hashes per second of proof of work.
No other crypto currency has anything like that security behind it.
@_date: 2018-02-22 22:18:30
I don't think bitcoin it going to usher in utopia, but I do think it will prevent 2008 from happening again (or at least allow for a soft landing) by providing a form of money that is hard to confiscate.
The problem of banks being too big to fail, though identified and much talked about in the aftermath of 2008,  was never solved.  We were supposed to break up the banks so that they if they took existential risks again, they would fail individually and not collectively.  Their ability to collectively fail means that they know the taxpayer has no choice but to bail them out.
That lesson was never acted upon.  The banks were never broken up and they are now bigger than ever.
Bitcoin allows people to hedge against a failure of the banking system.  As long as the banks keep printing money, liquidity will leave the banking system and enter bitcoin.
The banks can stop hemmoraging liquidity any time they like by not printing money any more.
What they won't be able to do is continue skimming wealth from the general productivity of the economy.
That's not utopia.  But a society with a, gasp, *honest* banking system will be a big step up from what we have now.
@_date: 2018-02-19 17:45:31
When I try to picture a country dealing with hyperinflation, it occurs to me that:
1. lots of people have valuable skills or resources to trade with each other
2. not having a currency that holds onto its value well and that is hard to confiscate makes every economic problem at least 10 times worse if not more.
So I suspect that bitcoin may be able to help a lot, even in the poorest of regions.  Mpesa took off in the poorest areas of Africa and started multiplying the GDPs there when it was introduced.
I understand that smart phone penetration is 36% in Venezuela, so I would think everyone knows at least one friend or family member that has access to a smart phone that could potentially install a bitcoin wallet.
If an effort were launched to start sending bitcoin to individual venezuelans to allievate point 2 above, I would imagine that the police would start searching people routinely and demanding they surrender any bitcoin on their phones.
So part of the plan would be to work out a procedure for keeping bitcoin on a phone in a deniable way.  The police would demand you unlock your phone, you do, and there is no obvious wallet program on it.
@_date: 2019-01-25 18:55:37
Not exactly.  I want everyone's taxes lowered, not just the rich, because I think wealth is generated by economic activity at all income levels.
You could call me trickle out, if you like.
I gather we both like Warren Buffet's famous assertion that his secretary should not be taxed at a higher rate than he is.  Where we differ is that I want her taxes lowered so that she is not paying anymore (as a fraction) than he is, where you want his raised.
If I had to guess, I would say that the US govt is about 5 times as large as it should be.  Even then, I wouldn't (if I were in a high level of authority and had some influence over this) cut taxes more than 10% in any given year as we re-oriented society away from big gov and toward civil society.
I would attempt to reach one fifth of current taxation levels in small increments that demonstrated their usefulness along the way, building consensus as we went along.
@_date: 2019-01-14 21:36:03
That's pretty interesting.  It sounds like a lot less hassle than dealing with the banking system in venezuela as it has been described so far, although it must seem like a great hassle at first if you don't already understand how to use it.
Does she have reliable internet service at home?  Does she have a smart phone (with mobile internet) that she could install a btc wallet on?
If this is something that lots of companies are doing, it could stabilize the economy.  I am surprised that the government has been supportive of it. 
@_date: 2019-01-28 04:22:17
How many people out of 10 are using bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-09-08 16:25:53
Only if that deflation rate were higher than the likely payoffs to be had by building products and services in the general economy.
That's a very drastic deflation scenario, the sort of thing that happens when the financial system was found to be so thoroughly corrupt that a general loss of confidence takes hold for some time.  Where people only trust cash.
Now I'll grant you that bitcoins gains are amazing and far higher than the productivity of the general economy.  But those sort of gains are being driven by the apperance of massive banking corruption.
@_date: 2018-03-16 18:18:57
He seems to be advocating that African banks use bitcoin as part of their reserves.
I have thought a lot about how individuals could use bitcoin to dig their way out of a corrupt financial system around them, but I know very little about how a bank would use bitcoin to isolate itself from a corrupt government and financial sector.
I predict it will be individuals in Africa that lead the way and not banks.  The story of MPesa told yet again.
@_date: 2018-02-19 12:42:19
Smart phone penetration is 36% in venezuela as of 2017.
@_date: 2017-09-06 11:52:05
As ponzi schemes go, it's hard to beat fiat currencies like the dollar.  Bitcoin has a long way to go to play in that league.
@_date: 2017-09-14 19:56:18
And a checking account balance isn't?
@_date: 2018-02-28 21:55:47
I am not asking for respect.
However, since you asked ...
I would like to think that I have generally kept the petty resentments of the people I have worked with throughout my career and my various jobs (who I may not have thought like or had the same preferences as) to myself and not slammed them so that I could cast myself as an aggrieved victim who should be consoled.
I don't know that I can claim that I have actually done that (generally kept the resentments to myself, as its hard to not give into resentment from time to time) but if I had, I would consider that an accomplishment that I could be proud of.
Even then, it would never occur to me to write about that to tell everyone how great I was.
@_date: 2018-03-30 15:32:32
Not surprising seeing as how the success of LN would bury most of the alts.  They are living on borrowed time unless LN fails.
@_date: 2019-01-09 15:19:10
The list of demands is mostly a list of desired wage and price controls.  I don't see much conceptual overlap with fundamental questions bitcoin raises about economics and government power.
If this is an accurate representation of how yellow vest thought leaders reason, I don't think we have common cause eith them.
@_date: 2019-01-25 16:02:19
Are you responding to the implied argument of the OP's cartoon?
I see that argument supporting your argument.  My read of the implied argument:
1. the banking system is printing base money and multiplying through frac reserve
2. and using the money created by that to invest in business plans at low interest rates
3. without bringing the scrunity to bear on those business plans that they would if they were risking their own money and
4. knew that they would be ruined if too many of their bets went sour instead of being bailed out so they are
5. privatizing the gains and socializing the losses
6. which is pure rent seeking, parasitic behavior that is depriving ordinary citizens of the ability to save money and invest it in mutual funds or CDs or business loans that make a better return by applying serious scrutiny to business plans.
As bad as the banking system is, the progress you describe happened regardless.  The assertion of the comic is that the parasites have slowed down progress below what it could be.
Were you not shaken to your core by the events of 2008, and the wealth that they destroyed?
edit:  I was having a hard time seeing the context of your post.  I now see that you were replying to the wealth inequality post.
@_date: 2017-09-12 03:11:40
Why would you want paper money backed by bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-09-15 23:04:09
That's a very innocent explanation.
Have you seen "The Big Short"?  Or listened to William Black (former banking regulator and Bernie's economic advisor during his campaign) talk about the erosion of due dilligence in banking over the last few decades?
Here is his [Ted Talk](
[Here]( he is on Bill Moyers.
@_date: 2019-01-25 15:41:32
Fees aren't the main way banks are skimming growth from the economy.  Printing money in order to keep interest rates low is.
@_date: 2017-09-14 12:55:50
The value provided by the bitcoin network is the ability to write immutable transactions to a blockchain protected from attack by 6000 TH/s.  Various state actors have taken swipes at bitcoin and bitcoin hasn't flinched.
The tokens used to enter transactions into the ledger are fixed in supply.
Thus they have value.
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:43:14
The value of bitcoin goes up as the chaos in the banking system increases.  Right now, lots of people suspect the banking system is rotten, but it hasn't been seriously disrupted at this point, like it was in 2008.
Until we have a repeat of 2008, or the LN is shown to be a lot more convienient than credit cards and bank accounts, there is no realistic value for bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-07 18:12:46
His objection to fiat is that its value subject to political whims.  I think what's going yo happen is that btc will suck liquidity out of fiat currencies until any attempt to do QE will cause the value of the monetary base to fall so fast that the total liquidity will not increase, or even go down.  At that point, the usd btc exchange rate will stabilise, and the fed will have been relieved of its ability to do QE.  We will have an, gasp, honest banking system for once.
So the usd will still be around, and you will pay your taxes in it, but it's won't be subject to political whim anymore, and thus won't really be fiat they way we understand that term today.
So I think his statement is basically correct.
@_date: 2018-02-22 16:51:33


People don't want to share their money widely, but they do want to have a shared understanding of who owns what that is honest and secure, so they do want to share the contents of the public ledger in a way that can't be manipulated by powerful interests.


I think the biggest problem with fiat currencies is that we have to trust third parties (banks) to clear our transactions without cheating (by, for example, adding amounts to their ledgers that increase the aggregate amount of money in existence, therefore lowering the value of our balances) and to allow us to transact in the first place.  When people wanted to donate to wikileaks, the government was able to apply pressure to paypal, credit card companies, and banks to construct a financial blockade, and they did that without having to prove anything in a court of law.
People were able to use bitcoin to get through the financial blockade.
@_date: 2017-09-27 15:47:54
If the account in that article is an honest telling of the facts, then I agree that JPM should be ordered to pay something like triple damages, where damages are measured against the fair market value of the estate before JPM sat on it and missed stock option deadlines (or paid their lawyers fees from the estate to defend against the lawsuit, jesus) and such.  The article mentions the figure of $19 million as what the estate was worth.  But a figure like $4 billion is just asking to be overridden as excessive.
@_date: 2019-01-18 17:05:31
By exchanging goods and services for it.
@_date: 2018-11-09 23:30:47
I gather you are trying to compare various economic scenarios in which there is a fixed amount of money (gold), a fixed amount of money (bitcoin), and a central bank fiat system.  Your conclusion is that central bank / fiat is better than either fixed scenario (gold or bitcoin).




In any complex economy, the value of various commodities, manufactured goods, and services are going to vary w.r.t each other, so I don't think your point about 


is correct.  Fiat printing doesn't make a company's costs or revenues predictable. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 14:31:46
How common are smart phones and wireless Internet access in venezuela?
I am curious why bitcoin isn't a bigger deal there.  It would seem tailor made to help people there.  I get that once most of the value of the  money people have has been destroyed, people won't be able to buy bitcoin the way we would, using local currency, but most people have considerable wealth locked up in their physical property.
So when hyperinflation hits and your savings account becomes worthless, access to a currency like bitcoin would allow people to sell relatively valuable posessions like cars for a currency that is immune to the surrounding inflation.
That could then be used to buy food and gas and other commodities.  Without something like bitcoin, people are reduced to direct barter and when they are so hungry that they sell a car for food they have no way to keep more value than they can directly use.
How do people feed themselves, btw?  Have people been selling cars, tvs, computers and the like?
If hardly anyone has a smart phone with a data plan, then I could understand why bitcoin hasn't made much of an impact.
@_date: 2017-09-11 22:49:25
I have some idea but I am hazy on the sort of dirty tricks used by financial institutions to manipulate markets, like naked short selling.  I don't think a naked short sale would work against bitcoin.
What do you think would?
@_date: 2017-09-07 12:59:59
If you want the government to be able to tax at a higher rate than they already do, shouldn't you be against bitcoin?
Or are you assuming that there are other ways to tax people that would work even in the presence of anonymous digital cash (either bitcoin as it is now, or as it is likely to be in a few years with tumbling services)?
@_date: 2017-09-25 04:37:04
How many Venezuelans have a smart phone with a usable data plan?
If, as you say, Internet access is collapsing, then I can see why btc is slow to catch on.
@_date: 2017-09-17 18:45:35
Do fractional reserve banking systems produce more growth than full reserve systems would over the long term when you factor in how much wealth is destroyed during the crises and the bailouts that happen afterward?
A slower growth rate without periodic catastophies might perform better.
Another factor here is that by keeping interest rates low, you deprive the economy of the due dilligence that would otherwise be brought to bear against proposed business plans.  So investment is evenly spread across the space of proposed business plans, instead of a system that judges risk.  Thats inefficient and lowers growth.
Assuming we can't really know the answer to that on theoretical grounds, what do you think will happen with bitcoin?
I think it will relieve central banks of their ability to do QE and force full reserve.  I think for that reason governments will fight it but lose.
Do you think bitcoin will collapse on its own, or will governments rightfully shut it down.
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:13:03
I think that a fine should be proportionate to the damage done.  Inflating a fine two orders of magnitude beyond that is not justice.
@_date: 2017-09-25 12:40:39
Watch SPDPC become a new metric for measuring bitcoinization!
The financial shows will be talking about that right along side fibonaaci retracement.
@_date: 2017-09-25 04:20:59


As an asset, it is appreciating right now.  That's not going to continue forever.  I would be surprised if it was still appreciating 10 years from now.
It could also become worthless at some point.  I give 10% odds of that.


You assume that, as soon as an economy tips into deflation, even a small amount, that it's like a snowball rolling downhill, gaining momentum.  Am I reading you incorrectly here?


The reason you can't think of any examples of beneficial deflation is because for most of the last 100 years, the central banks have printed enough fiat money to guarantee inflation, and fiat currency has been the only currencies that could be used at large scale.  The only episodes of deflation that have been allowed to exist are the ones that were a result of economic chaos so vast that the central banks were helpless to stop them.
Do you agree that, if you were to measure the productivity of a major industrial economy, and divide that by the number of hours worked to produce those goods and services, that you would expect that ratio to increase over time?  If we had a currency that expressed that average, you would expect such an economy to be deflationary?
@_date: 2017-09-06 12:12:54
It's only win win if the borrower can see opportunities to make a deal that pays off 5% beyond what bitcoin itself does over the loan period.
In an industrial country, opportunities like that are not going to be common.  A grocery store that needs a loan to buy one weeks inventory, and pays it back the next week from sales, is a safe predictable  investment but the interest you can earn loaning into that market is very low.  Far less than the return you make by simply holding bitcoin.
It may be that a poor country, however, where people are starved  (literally and figuratively) for capital and even access to a useful currency, such returns are more likely on everyday scenarios like grocery store inventory deals (only a desperately poor country wouldn't have grocery stores like we picture them, but they would have analogous scenarios that are starved for working capital ).
@_date: 2017-09-13 21:34:02
Why does that argument apply to interest rates and not commodity prices?
Do you believe in market forces or not?
@_date: 2017-09-13 20:34:59
Why does it make more sense to have the government manipulate interest rates than it would to have it manipulate commodity prices?
When a commodity price rises due to increased demand or reduced supply, more investment is directed toward that commodity, which increases supply and lowers the price.  Its a self correcting mechanism.
When a person with a business plan needs a loan to build a product or service and they approach a person that saved some money, the saver will judge how risky they think the business is and adjust the rate they are willing to lend at accordingly.
When the average interest rate (across recent lender/borrower deals) in a given sector of the economy goes up, that indicates that the amount of risk the business plan in that sector has gone up.
This sends a signal to both lenders and borrowers about that sector relative to other sectors.
What is the point of defeating that signalling mechanism by manipulating interest rates?
I think damaging bubbles are a likely result of attempting to lower interest rates below the level they would be at if borrowers had to deal with savers that couldn't print money and had to save money before lending it (or convince savers to let them invest it for them) and were not so big that they knew the government would have to bail them out.
@_date: 2017-09-25 01:37:46
I don't think it makes sense to say that "a currency is deflationary" just because its value has been going up lately and there is a long term upper limit to the amount of it in circulation.
What does make sense is to say something like this: if a currency like bitcoin were to completely take over a large economy like the U.S. economy, it would cause massive deflation.  I can't for the life of me understand why anyone would think that's a likely scenario.
What would make sense would be if the market cap of bitcoin were to continue to increase to the point that its price stabilized so that even a multi billion dollar transaction could clear without significantly move the price.
If, at that point, the FED were to attempt to print a large amount of money, I think the price of bitcoin in dollars would quickly rise in response.  By making the loss of value in the dollar more easily measurable, it would have the effect of preventing the FED from making such moves, effectively relieving it of the ability to manipulate interest rates.
I think we all win in that scenario.  I don't think you can summarize that as a pipe with two ends.
There is another reason why a hard limit on the long term amount of bitcoin in existence would not have a deflationary effect on the economy.  Bitcoin is the world's first Electronically Tradable Liquid Asset (ETLA).  Once you have a master blockchain with 6000 TH/s securing it, and once people accept ETLAs as a valid form of money, it opens the door to a much wider class of assets becoming ETLAs and therefore acting as money.
For example, a restaurant (or anyone else) would probably be willing to accept $10 worth of IBM stock as payment.  The bitcoin blockchain would make this possible.  bitcoin tokens would be used to facilitate peer to peer trades but would only function to pay the transaction fees.
So a vast array of stocks and baskets of commodities would then be available to function as money and would compete with bitcoin for that use.  As the amount of commodities in the world grows with overall industrial capacity, the money supply would grow and shrink with the wider economy.


The sort of deflation that results from economic chaos is way worse than the sort of inflation that central banks typically create when they are merely skimming a marginal amount of value from the broader economy.
But the sort of deflation that results from the year to year growth in industrial and creative output is not.  The idea that it is is an unsubstantiated slippery slope fallacy.
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:26:22


I agree that it's value is subjective, and I think there is a good 10% chance that bitcoin becomes worthless in the next few years.  That's why I don't invest any more money in it than I can afford to lose.


I don't think we will know bitcoins true value until we see it play a role in the coming repeat of the 2008 banking crisis.  You have to admit that 2008 was a disaster that some people saw coming but which the masters of the banking system either couldn't or wouldn't act to prevent. Yes the current system has vast resources committed to it, but it's an unstable system and governments have no hope of fixing it.
I give bitcoin an 80% chance of being the crypto currency that forces governments to stop playing with fire (fractional reserve banking).
Governments had a lot of resources invested in the mainstream media, but look what social media has done to it.  Its not the lever of power it used to be. Neither will money be.
@_date: 2018-03-31 16:19:50


I don't think that works as a strategy.
Bitcoin's price is eventually going to be a lot higher than it is now, once the banking system stumbles hard and spooks millions.  Until that happens, price discovery is premature.
You are not going to see the stumble coming.  When it happens, the price will never be as low as it is now.
I think the right strategy is to dollar cost your way in (but a small amount at regular intervals) and not sell until after the stumble.
@_date: 2019-01-28 04:24:38
When you pay using BTC in a store, do people use their cell phones?
Do they just accept unconfirmed transactions?
@_date: 2019-01-06 22:34:11
If that's another way of saying "the fact that bitcoin went from a price of 19k USD a year ago to 3-4k USD today implies that bitcoin will become worthless in the next year or so" then I agree, but I wouldn't say that the main fallacy there is that people are mistaking stability of value for stability of price.
I think price and value are pretty closely related terms and most statements using them would mean the same thing when all you change is one word for the other.
Bitcoin has some use cases / properties the are hard to beat (uncensorability, unconfiscatability, strictly limited supply / hardness, ...).  Most people don't understand those use cases yet (and most people who have some understanding of them have a shallow understanding) which leads to price volatility.  As the public understanding grows, the price will (likely eventually) both go up from where it is now and stabilize.
If I were to attempt to define the terms value and price to make the statement "people are mistaking the value of bitcoin for its price", it would go like this: the value of X relates to what people can use X to do (even if most people don't yet understand those use cases), while the price of X relates to how widely understood it is that X can do those things.
When price does not reflect value, it is because price discovery has not run its course.
Having written that all out, I now appreciate what you were getting at.  You have brought up a good point.
@_date: 2017-09-12 12:37:52
You want to know two things:
1. how much gold there is
2. how much paper+electronic money there is
With bitcoin, you are correct that you would know how much of it there was, but I don't think you will know how much paper + electronic money there is.  So you can't prevent cheating.
Put yourself in the position of a payment receiver.  Would you rather receive paper money that you can redeem for bitcoin, or bitcoin as payment?
What advantage do paper notes exchangable for bitcoin have over bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-09-12 03:09:00
Remittances don't count?
@_date: 2017-09-14 23:09:58
Not sure I see what you are getting at.  I agree that all value is in the eye of the beholder.  That's as true of bitcoin as barrels of oil.
Are you suggesting that bitcoin's perceived value is no different than the perceived value of fiat?  And therefore it can't be any better in any sense?
For the record, I don't think bitcoin will bury fiat.  It will just relieve the central banks of their ability to do QE, because that will cause the value of those currencies to be lose value quickly in the open market.
@_date: 2017-09-15 01:50:29
Yeah, but that's just like, your opinion, man.
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:15:49
@_date: 2018-02-22 16:35:09


We agree on that much.


And on the relevance of that quote


Here is where we part ways.  The post office was very powerful in the early 1980s when email was just starting to become a thing.  By the late 1980s, when the post office noticed its existence, and started to think about regulating it (their idea was that you would send an email electronically to the nearest post office, they would print it and carry that to the other city's post office, then type it in from there and deliver it electronically) there were so many people using it that it was no longer politically feasible.
In the early 1990s, broadcast media was a great concentration of power.  They could control what ideas were widely talked about.  As the internet rose through the mid 1990s, one of the early cash cows they deprived the MSM of was classified ads (which is where newspapers got most of their revenue).  By the time the newspapers realized what was going on they could not feasibly use their connections and influence to stop it.
And that was long before twitter or facebook or reddit or youtube, which took eyeballs away from the MSM and the control of the public discourse, which hit them where it hurt even more.
My prediction is that a similar series of events will unfold with the banks, fiat currencies, and bitcoin.
By the time the banks realize that most of their power is about to become irrelevant, it will be too late for them to do anything about it.
@_date: 2017-09-27 16:38:09
Bitcoin's public ledger is a double edged sword.  It can be used with great care to achieve anonymity, or it can be used to achieve total transparency.
There are probably a lot of people who have naively used it to achieve total transparency without realizing what they were doing.  It would be easy to target them with a tax law.
Anyone with an account on an exchange is also easily targetted.
Even with strong anonymity, the increasing surveilance of bank account and credit cards means that a person with significant bitcoin wealth can be spotted when they try to spend it.  If you buy a house with bitcoin, you don't think that will leave an obvious trace, and leave you open to being caught avoiding taxes?
@_date: 2017-09-14 19:56:18
And a checking account balance isn't?
@_date: 2018-02-19 12:46:45
Do you still live in venezuela or did you get out?  How do people feed themselves typically?  MSM articles on venezuela concentrate on the numeric details of the hyperinflation and don't give much detail on how the remaining economy works.  Obviously food is produced and distributed to some extent.  How?
@_date: 2017-09-14 22:27:14
If bitcoin succeeds as a currency, then it becomes the world's first peer-to-peer, fractional, Electronically Tradable Liquid Asset.  Before wireless networking and smart phone penetration in the billions, ETLAs didn't make any sense.
Bitcoin's significance isn't that it is the only ETLA that can ever be, it's that its the first.  As it gains value, others will follow and compete with it as currency.
Would you like to be paid in a fractional share of IBM, a fractional share of X barrels of light crude, or a fractional share of G.E. Harris?
As long as all of those ETLAs are readily convertible, and soon they will be, each of those forms of payment will have advantages that the others don't.
Each of those forms of payment will have some real world use backing their value.  For commodity backed ETLAs, its the use of the commodity.  For company stock backed ETLAs, it would be the future value of the company (the products and services it provides).
For bitcoin, its the fact that bitcoin tokens are necessary to pay the fees for entering transactions in the legder that is protected by 6000TH/s and can be used to transfer ownership of the other ETLAs. 
That whole ecosystem of ETLAs is going to be deflationary in the sense that the average hour of human labor will be producing a higher amount of commodities each year, as technological growth continues.  However, it won't be deflationary in the sense that the supply of money (ETLAs of all types) would be fixed or shrinking.  That expands along with general productivity.
That would be how an honest monetary system functioned.
@_date: 2018-02-26 21:52:00
I don't think the case that bitcoin mainly exists because of its usefulness to criminals is easy to make.
If I were going to try to find out empirically, I would look at how most money is laundered.  I would expect that's a combination of usd cash and banks like hsbc that can be caught red handed and not be criminally prosecuted.
@_date: 2017-09-11 19:47:37


How are they doing that?  What sorts of buys and sells are they doing that counts as manipulating the market?
I am having a hard time picturing how that would work.
@_date: 2017-09-16 20:54:21
What are your serious questions?
@_date: 2017-09-26 21:36:40
I am aware of one other application beyond digital gold: remittances.
Its not sad that bitcoin is allowing economic migrants to not be fleeced by the likes of Western Union.  Its glorious.
There are probably some other use cases where it makes sense to use bitcoin.
Until the volatility of bitcoin settles down, long term store of value and remittances are the two use cases that make the most sense to me.
Those two alone are enough for bitcoin to continue growing its market cap to the point that central banks are relieved of their ability manipulate interest rates.
That's anything but sad.
@_date: 2017-10-05 17:31:35
You don't count money moving from one account to another as circulating?
You only count withdrawls as circulating?
@_date: 2017-09-06 16:28:29
The price of bitcoin will not stabilise as long as the major central banks  (fed, ecb, and boj) relentlessly print money to keep interest rates low.  It will keep draining liquidity from the major fiats until they stop printing, then it will stabilise.
@_date: 2017-09-17 02:06:36
I wouldn't advise the owner to invest in bitcoin.  Its too risky at this point in the game.
Here's my strategy.  Don't invest any more than you can afford to lose.  Pick a time interval like a week or a month. Suppose thats a month.
Once a month, split what you can afford to lose 3 ways, and buy that amount of bitcoin and 2 other cryptos (for me that's ltc and eth).  Don't sell until the price stabilizes.  That going to be at least 2 to 5 years from now.
If you follow those rules you may win big and you won't lose big.
It's hard for me to see any crypto being particularly useful as a typical retail payment method in the u.s.  anytime soon. So I don't see how integrating it into an hvac business would buy you much.
@_date: 2017-10-12 18:32:13
It wasn't the banks fault in the sense that the people running the banks made those decisions, but it was the fault of the idea of a central bank that can print money, which offers a single point of failure that can be used to ruin a country.
@_date: 2017-09-23 06:04:51
How do you figure?
@_date: 2017-09-12 14:05:13
Bitcoin doesn't threaten the existence of honest financial institutions, although I do think it threatens to remove some of the unfair trading practices that dishonest financial institutions avail themselves of.
The real threat bitcoin poses is to banking regulators like the SEC.
People will be able to fund, and manage, companies worth billions through bitcoin and ethereum / smart contracts without the involvement of the SEC.
When banks managed centralized legders, it requires regulators to audit them.  Bitcoin doesn't require that sort of regulation, because the ledger is public.
@_date: 2017-09-14 10:35:15
What if the apples on the trees arent units of currency, but the ability to make transaction securely, and the government apples represent the ability to transact with banks?
@_date: 2018-02-27 21:46:18
From one of graber's tweets higher up in her twitter thread:


still reads like she's complaining that women devs are not respected by male devs.
She would fume for days because of "random trolls".
If you want respect, tell me about what you accomplished, not how insulted you felt when someone made a harsh comment.
@_date: 2017-09-13 20:42:44
I don't think bitcoin will continue gaining value indefinitely.  Past a certain point, other Electronically Tradable Liquid Assets (ETLAs) will compete with bitcoin as currency.  Bitcoin is just the first example of an ETLA that people were willing to use as money.
The bitcoin block chain, or ethereum smart contracts, will allow almost any other asset to be electronically traded peer-to-peer in fractional shares and with low fees.  Once that happens, bitcoins main use will be as the token required to transfer ownership of something on the blockchain.
People will be able to pay each other in fractional shares of IBM, or in barrels of oil, or in shares of a basket of commodities specifically chosen to have a stable value.
@_date: 2018-02-23 12:24:27
It's possible that the get rich quick commentary exists and I just filter it out because I have no interest in it.  I only engage mostly where people are trying to analyze  the problems with the banking system and what the struggle between bitcoin and it will look like in the coming years.
@_date: 2017-09-16 12:17:01
Why didn't the experts at the FED+gov not see 2008 coming, if their theories are so deep and valid?
@_date: 2017-10-19 21:40:29
What's wrong with the theory that currencies have to be commodities?
Bitcoin tokens are a commodity.  They are consumed as fees when make entires recording transactions into the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-09-12 13:39:52
There are probably some ways to parasite on it, but I am genuinely curious what ways those would be because none of the ways I have heard so far seem like they would work.
I don't understand why anyone would be willing to take a paper note that entitles the user to redeem it for bitcoin, when they could just receive the bitcoin itself.
The reason it makes sense to use gold that way is that gold is hard to transport, subdivide, and verify.  Paper notes solve those issues for gold.
But bitcoin is already superior to paper notes in all those respects, so why would someone prefer a paper note over the bitcoin itself?
The only use case that occurs to me is people that don't have reliable wireless internet access or smart phones.  In those cases, I can see how an institution that could make a paper bill that was widely recognized and hard to counterfeit could have a legitimate role.  I would consider that use case to be symbiotic and not parasitic, though.
I don't think china can censor the internet to put most of the chinese in that position.  Services like hotspot vpn make it too easy to route around the firewall.
@_date: 2017-09-08 11:40:36
I responded to a your post by mistake.  There was another post where the author was saying that the fed knows what it is doing and there are only about 6 people in the world who understand what they are doing.
@_date: 2017-09-15 01:50:29
Yeah, but that's just like, your opinion, man.
@_date: 2017-10-10 13:41:35
Picked the wrong time?
Depends on what gain he is looking for.
I could easily see bitcoin doubling or tripling in the next year or so.  That's all he would need to make his gamble worth it.
@_date: 2017-09-02 12:06:53
Very similar strategy to mine.  I buy $50 btc, eth, and ltc at the beginning of every month.
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:14:36
Being held criminally liable for grossly mishandling the estate of a client seems reasonable to me.
@_date: 2017-09-25 04:32:11
You mean 50 btc a day, or $180,000 usd a day for a country of 31 milion people.  I agree that's a joke.  Only a tiny fraction of the country is using btc.
It's absurd to say that venezuela is well on its way to bitcoionization.
@_date: 2017-09-18 21:30:21
Right.  And getting in early understates the contribution of people who buy and then hold as the price rises, falls, then rises, then falls, and so on.  It means foregoing huge existing gains, and risking losing everything so far, on the faith that the true value has not been reached yet.
That's not just making one lucky decision.  That's making a continuous series of decisions over a period of years to continue risking serious money.
@_date: 2017-09-14 23:09:58
Not sure I see what you are getting at.  I agree that all value is in the eye of the beholder.  That's as true of bitcoin as barrels of oil.
Are you suggesting that bitcoin's perceived value is no different than the perceived value of fiat?  And therefore it can't be any better in any sense?
For the record, I don't think bitcoin will bury fiat.  It will just relieve the central banks of their ability to do QE, because that will cause the value of those currencies to be lose value quickly in the open market.
@_date: 2018-02-23 20:45:31
One event I expect to happen in the next few years is for a country with a really bad currency / banking system to start turning it's economy around when people opt out of it using bitcoin.  I think this would be a dramatic demonstration of its ability to resist confiscation and censorship.
I don't know exactly when or where (venezuela, china, india, zimbabwe, ...) but I expect that when it happens, the price of bitcoin will go way up.
@_date: 2017-09-26 01:48:53
If amazon allowed you to open a payment channel with them and you paid by sending them a direct payment channel update transaction, then neither you nor they would be paying fees on the updates.
Only the channel closure fee.
I think there's a good chance that amazon will operate one of the first large lightning nodes.
@_date: 2017-09-08 11:27:50
Why didn't the experts at the FED not see 2008 coming, if their theories are so deep and valid?
@_date: 2017-10-09 03:56:40
I think fiat currencies did mostly replace the practice of using commodities-as-currency.  This played out through the late 1800s and early 1900s.
Fiat currencies were able to do this because there was no way to scale commodities-as-currency up to work as a medium of exchange beyond a certain level of wide connectedness.  In other words, when a certain level of your daily spending is on goods made across the country instead of locally, you can't use local commodities to settle accounts.
That is, you couldn't do that until smart phones came along.  Bitcoin is the first commodity based money that can scale to global use.  While I think you are right that fiat currencies will continue to exist alongside bitcoin, I think the big change is that central banks will no longer be able to print money like they used to.  Any attempt to do so will take market share away from that fiat in short order.
Bankers are obviously terrified by this.
@_date: 2017-10-16 20:44:42


Well, a few years out (when its market cap is aroung $1trillion) I think bitcoin will be stable enough to be a currency, but people who object that it can't be used as an everyday currency right now do have a point.
If you were going to hire an employee, would you be willing to negotiate their salary as so many BTC per year?
Right now, I can see negotiating purchases in which a price is named and then payment is made as long as the time window is not much longer than a day or two.
One thing I expect the rise of bitcoin to change is how salaries are negotiated.  The way we currently do it, where salaries never go down except in extreme circumstances, and the government prints enough money to prevent the natural deflation we would experience (and the natural salary increase that would imply), will have to change.
I am not sure exactly how it will work, but I am sure we will figure it out.  I suspect that what we currently do provides a facade of predictability that covers a general corruption of the economy and this is just another rock that bitcoin will lift up, resulting a numerous unseemly bugs and squirmy critters scampering away for cover.
@_date: 2017-09-13 20:49:03
The biggest problem I see with the gold system of the 1930s (as you say, pegged to gold) was that it was a fractional reserve gold system.  The U.S. had printed more paper notes than it had gold to redeem, which is unstable.  When too many people try to redeem their notes for gold at once the system collapses.
I don't know how you can force a government to not print more notes than it has gold, though, so I think 'the gold standard' is a moot point.  If a government were to adopt it, the pressure to print more notes (or more credit redeemable in gold) than there was gold to back would become irrestible.
@_date: 2017-09-24 21:59:49
I agree that if our fiat  currency were to suddenly become massively deflationary, it would be a disaster.
But why do you argue that as if there were a lot of bitcoiners who would disagree with that.
@_date: 2017-09-16 20:49:26
The fact that it is very hard to stabilise a system with both private asset ledgers and fractional reserve is my very point.  No one can know enough to do that.  Such a system is just an avalanche waiting to happen.
@_date: 2017-09-13 20:52:58
If we had robust and honest monetary system, the value of the all the money  in existence would not expand faster than the overall productivity gains of the economy at large.
There would always be some businesses that were growing faster than the average economy and some that were growing slower.  There would be enough growing faster that there would be some people willing to loan money in exchange for returns that outpaced the general deflation of money in total.
So I don't get the deflation tipping point arugment that as soon as the general economy tips into deflation, people would stop lending money.
@_date: 2017-10-05 19:34:40
I read your comment to be saying that a bank operating at less than 100% reserve was not creating money that circulated, because the money created was in account balances.  Did I read you wrong?
@_date: 2017-09-27 11:38:43
Gates is not a good speaker.  His talks are not insightful or inspiring.
@_date: 2017-10-10 16:04:03
The similarity is that you know something of economic consequence most other people dont.
@_date: 2017-10-05 21:37:23
Right, but there is more money in circulation (if you count money moving from one account to another through checks) which causes inflation.
And the system is not stable because in panics everyone tries to withdraw their money at once.
@_date: 2017-10-16 22:15:35
I can't vouch for these numbers that I have heard that the overall world economy is experiencing 3% deflation and that the major central banks do so much QE that they are causing 2% inflation.
While I would obviously rather invest in bitcoin, since while volatile its a general upward volatility, I would rather negotiate contracts with a time horizon of more than a week in USD because it is less volatile (even though it is losing value at 2% per year).
Perhaps what you mean by volatility of fiat is the risk of having a repeat of the 2008 banking crisis, which if it happened might cause hyperinflation.
I suspect that very fear is what is driving bitcoin's price relentlessly upward.
@_date: 2017-10-08 15:40:21
I have been watching economists that dont like bitcoin engage here and I keep running into similar arguments.
One goes like this: if bitcoin were to become a major currency in a big country, it would cause deflation, and  once a large economy tips into deflation, it tends to accelererate.  The ability of central banks to prevent this by printing money is a necessary evil so therefore either bitcoin will blow up on its own or the government will have to outlaw it.
Do you have any thoughts on this line of argument?
@_date: 2017-10-09 15:45:33


The more central banks print money, though, the more liquidity will flow into bitcoin.  Its market cap is around $70 billion.  The higher the market cap gets, the less volatile the price will be, and therefore the more suitable it will be as a currency for everyday use.
This is how central banks are going to lose their ability to print money.  The more they print, the less liquidity fiat currencies will have.


To the extent that banks  focus on scrutinizing business plans and assessing their risk and offering loans with interest rates in accordance with the risk they represent, they can use BTC as easily to do that as they can use fiat currencies.  Long term that is what their business model has to return to and concentrate on.
However, they have been used to being able to borrow money at artificially low interest rates from the central banks and also operate knowing that they are too big to fail.  Those two factors work together to make their assessment of risk irrational.  They don't have skin in the game.  Its not their ass if the system collapses.
BTC is going to relieve them of those astounding privileges.
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:48:15
You would have to have a sizable fraction of the market cap of bitcoin to throw around.  So that would require a fraction of 70billion.
@_date: 2017-09-06 11:49:39
You are asking the right questions.
I suspect the answer revolves around the people and businesses that respect token ownership earning the wider trust of the market.  That trust will translate into market leverage.  This will facilitate trust beyween such companies and the surrounding markets and give them an edge over companies that either don't issue tokens or that do and that offer weaker guarantees of respecting the wishes of the token owners.
For example, consider bitcoin microloans. If someone in a poor country offers to borrow bitcoin at a 5% interest rate and establishes a track record of paying back their loans, they will attract more investors.
Having just written that, it's hard to picture someone being able to offer more return on an investment than bitcoin itself does.  Loans denominated in bitcoin would have to rrally perform to be worth it wouldn't they?
On the other hand, maybe poor country's have an edge there.  A poor country would have lots of artificial limits to growth, and access to capital, or even just a reliable functioning currency can multiply a regions GDP many times in a short period.  Witness what mpesa did for Kenya and other countries.
@_date: 2018-07-06 21:07:16
The dollar doesn't have to fail completely and become worthless.  If the banks start to stumble like they did leading up to 2008, the price of bitcoin will go up quickly, draining liquidity from the banking system.  The beauty of this is that it enables broad push back.
Bitcoin is allowing for a soft landing the next time.  If it weren't for bitcoin, there would be no push back, and we would have a hard landing.
@_date: 2017-10-19 22:27:01
What a fascinating article.  So the government finally gave up on printing money and just started using USD.
I thought this sentence was an interesting observation the article made:




This sounds like a perfect setup for a crypto currency to address, given enough smart phone and internet access.
The smartphone penetration in Zimbabwe is 20%.  A bit low, but you wouldn't have to look far to find some people with smart phones, who could therefore use crypto.
It looks like internet access is only 15%.
So the barrier here seems to be smart phone and internet access.
Even with those low numbers, though, I would think crypto currencies could play a role.
@_date: 2017-10-15 17:42:07
The success of wikiIeaks is a beacon of hope to me.  A demonstration that the internet has tipped the balance of power away from goverments and toward civilian populations.
They have done more with social media to derail the neocon foreign policy of the u.s. than any other resistance movement I can think of.
It is very fitting that bitcoin played the role it did in breaking the financial blockade around wikileaks.
@_date: 2017-10-05 19:28:36
I suspect you are right about some level of spending being necessary to attach bitcoin to reality.
The remittance market is where the use value is currently.  It's allowing economic migrants to send money to their families overseas without having to pay 10% to western union.  That's a 600 billion dollar market.
There are probably other significant markets where bitcoin is used but I would guess that is one of the bigger ones.
@_date: 2018-07-06 23:36:14
The banks having so much leverage over the economy that they know we have to bail them out is what encourages absurd risk taking and thus accelerates collapse.  To stop that, you deprive banks of that leverage.
@_date: 2017-09-16 20:53:07
Took me a minute to realize what I was looking at.  That put a real smile on my face.  Thanks!
@_date: 2018-07-03 14:51:45
The FDIC system's ability to pay out will only stop a run on the banks of a certain size.  I am arguing that the banking system is unstable to a degree that, when it goes bad, would overwhelm the FDIC's ability to contain.
The main flaw is fractional reserve banking.  When you write:


you are referring to the reserve requirement.  A reserve requirement of 20% would have a multiplying effect of 5 turning a deposit of $100 into $500.
This is inherently unstable because if enough people try to withdraw their money at the same time, the system collapses, as there is only $100 of currency backing $500 in balances.
You write:


The main advantage crypto has over fiat banking is a 100% reserve requirement (far better than the fed reserve requirement), if you elect to hold your private keys yourself.  If you trust an exchange like coinbase to not be hacked, then you open yourself up to the the risk that they could be hacked or play a fractional reserve game (which when Mt Gox did it, was rightly seen as fraudlent).
When a bank does less than 100% reserve, it is not seen as fraudulent, and that is the problem that people are slowly waking up to and one of the reasons BTC has the value it does.
@_date: 2017-09-14 22:27:14
If bitcoin succeeds as a currency, then it becomes the world's first peer-to-peer, fractional, Electronically Tradable Liquid Asset.  Before wireless networking and smart phone penetration in the billions, ETLAs didn't make any sense.
Bitcoin's significance isn't that it is the only ETLA that can ever be, it's that its the first.  As it gains value, others will follow and compete with it as currency.
Would you like to be paid in a fractional share of IBM, a fractional share of X barrels of light crude, or a fractional share of G.E. Harris?
As long as all of those ETLAs are readily convertible, and soon they will be, each of those forms of payment will have advantages that the others don't.
Each of those forms of payment will have some real world use backing their value.  For commodity backed ETLAs, its the use of the commodity.  For company stock backed ETLAs, it would be the future value of the company (the products and services it provides).
For bitcoin, its the fact that bitcoin tokens are necessary to pay the fees for entering transactions in the legder that is protected by 6000TH/s and can be used to transfer ownership of the other ETLAs. 
That whole ecosystem of ETLAs is going to be deflationary in the sense that the average hour of human labor will be producing a higher amount of commodities each year, as technological growth continues.  However, it won't be deflationary in the sense that the supply of money (ETLAs of all types) would be fixed or shrinking.  That expands along with general productivity.
That would be how an honest monetary system functioned.
@_date: 2018-02-02 21:05:06
I grant you that, should we be reduced to the stone age, gold would be more valuable than bitcoin.
Stone age is a lot less likely than banking system collapse where gold could easily be confiscated and btc could not be.
@_date: 2017-09-18 12:41:09
Great comment and great article you linked to.  I had not seen that site before.  Thanks!
@_date: 2017-10-10 13:08:47
I think you could say the same thing about a lot of people who start a business after they already have a family.  That they are risking the future of their children.
I wonder how many company founders who became very successful starting companies risked everything their family had to do so.  I am guessing most of them did.
@_date: 2018-03-31 16:29:50
Its my best guess as to what's going on.  If I could prove it, then price discovery would already be over.
I can walk you through my thought process if you are interested.
It begins with the banking crisis of 2008.  The main piece of rot as the core of all of it, IMO, is fractional reserve banking and the ability to print money.
Those two things create an unstable financial system, wherein banks take large risks knowing that they are too big to fail and have to be bailed out if those risks materialize.
I predict that the banking system is going to stumble again.  A repeat of 2008, only much worse this time.
And when that happens, bitcoin (because it is the only credible alternative to the banking system) will suddenly have its tokens worth a lot more.
@_date: 2018-07-28 19:20:16
I wonder how hard it would be to improve on that.  Suppose he printed a new address every day, from the same master pub key.
That would be a big step up.
@_date: 2017-10-20 09:57:25
Thanks for the details.  What is behind the current economic downturn, btw?  The article was not clear.
After people started using USD, things got better, and then they started getting worse again.
Is the inflation happening is USB terms, or is deflation happening in USD terms?
@_date: 2018-02-19 12:41:32
Thats what it sounds like to me.
@_date: 2019-09-05 11:51:14
I dont think the inflation rate of there tells the story of the economy.  Obviously some  food, water, power, and other goods and services are being created / distrbuted across the country to some degree.  The real question is to what degree and how quickly is that degree declining?  The hyperinflation means that the currency can't be used to measure the size of the economy anymore.  What do people typically eat?  How much?  How do they get their food?
@_date: 2017-09-28 04:14:14
Only if you made no distinction between civil and criminal acts.
Hurting people is different from hurting property.
@_date: 2015-09-19 14:54:36
I don't think calling it a commodity is wrong, I think denying it is a currency is wrong.
Bitcoin resembles other commodities in many ways.  It is scarce, easily identifiable, and does not vary in quality from one sample to the next.
It is not backed by math in the sense that paper notes used to be backed by gold.  It is backed by the expectation that other people are willing to exchange general goods and services for it, which is exactly what gold itself it backed by.
So bitcoin does resemble commodities enough to be called one.
The absurdity of the article lies in denying that it is a currency.
A currency is whatever people are willing to widely exchange for goods and services.
@_date: 2017-09-13 22:08:39


The same thing that wouldn't make sense if the government tried to set commodity prices instead of letting buyers and sellers arrive at individual prices voluntairly.
Why should interest rates not be set by market forces, so that they can serve to communicate risk as commodity prices communicate scarcity?
@_date: 2018-07-06 21:09:03
and bad for our ability to buy the inputs from other countries we need to make goods and services to export and thus ultimately bad for exports.
Monetary policy is not a magic wand.
@_date: 2019-09-05 11:29:30
How do you figure electrum is particularly hackable?
@_date: 2017-10-21 20:50:10
That article was excellent.  Thanks for posting a link to it.
These are the sort of details that I wish the MSM would do a better job of capturing.
@_date: 2018-07-03 02:27:54
Are you suggesting that, in the end, 2008 was not a disaster of epic proportions because of the too big to fail risk taking of banks and that, perhaps on the whole we are better off for it?  
@_date: 2017-10-23 17:52:48
Good question.  I have seen a recurring theme among BTC critics where they start out "imagine bitcoin were to replace all liquid money" and end with "deflationary death spiral".
I think what's actually going to happen is that, as the worlds first ETLA (electronically tradable liquid asset), bitcoin is going to catalyze the use of many other types of ETLAs as money.  Would you like to be paid for a cup of coffee with 0.01 shares of IBM, or 0.05 shares of G.E. Harris, or 1 share of a basket of commodities administered by Fidelity that includes oil, timber, and pot-ash in a mix designed to resist price moves?
Once bitcoin has legitimized peer to peer trading of one liquid asset (bitcoin tokens) it is just a matter of time before many other liquid assets become electronically tradable.  Those others will compete for use as money, and each one will have advantages that the others won't.
@_date: 2015-09-19 15:08:36
But people don't generally keep most of their wealth in cash.  This would just encourage people to convert their cash into other stores of value that are easily traded like shares of stock, or shares of mutual funds that chose the stocks to buy so as to minimize risk, instead of to pursue growth by taking on risk.
One way to do that would be for the fund manager to buy a basket of commodities that were chosen to minimize volatility.
That's what money should be anyway, when separated from the state, and trying to charge people negative interest rates would just make people accept it sooner.
@_date: 2017-09-15 11:15:49
@_date: 2019-09-05 11:36:30
Agreed.  I think paper wallets are more secure than hardware wallets by a long shot.  I booted an air gapped laptop from a tails thumb drive and used electrum on that to generate a paper wallet, which I wrote the seed phrase for onto paper which I keep multiple physical copies of.  I made a master public key from that that I keep on my network connected computer, where I use electrum to handle small amounts of bitcoin or to check the balance of my paper wallet.
@_date: 2015-09-19 15:03:05
That would be like outlawing and speech not conducted over britskype.  Impossible to enforce.
@_date: 2018-04-29 17:28:21
There is a whole spectrum of things that could go wrong with the banking system in which you could lose a portion of your deposits, and FDIC would not protect you, and civilization would still exist for the most part \(electricity, wireless internet, smart phones, ...\).
Only on the extreme end of that spectrum would everything else be moot.
@_date: 2018-04-06 20:34:55
For a deflationary spiral to happen, the value of money has to increase faster than the returned offered by the average investment opportunity available in the economy.
I don't think that would normally happen without some external catastrophe, like the volume of world trade falling by half in the aftermath of a world-wide tariff war, say.
Absent an external catastrophe, if we are just talking about there being a fixed amount of money against a growing total material wealth that it represents, then some of the goods and services produced in a given year will be produce more efficiently than others.  That is, some businesses will have a higher profit margin than others.
The growth in the purchasing power of one unit of a fixed currency is going to result from the average growth.  Which means some of the business opportunities that people invested in over that year will have grown faster than deflation and others will have grown slower.
So, some investors will do better than if they had simply held onto their money, and others will do worse.
I don't see how that leads to a spiral.
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:01:09


That bitcoin that I bought from coinbase?  I transferred it to a seed phrase on a piece of paper that I lost.  It was in a book I had with me in a restaurant that someone took when I went to the bathroom.  Honest, officer.
You don't believe me?  Go ahead and search my house and hard drives and phone for the seed phrase or the private key.
Bitcoin is can be the easiest thing ever for the government to confiscate, or the hardest, depending on how you use it.
@_date: 2018-04-06 11:29:19
I see how nominal prices change as the amount of money in circulation changes, but I don't see how that changes the volume of trade, or the ratios of prices between goods and services.
Adding an extra 0 on the face value of all currency in circulation does change anything but nominal prices.  It doesn't allow for a higer volume of trade in real terms.  Nor does refusing to add a zero limit the volume of trade that can happen.
@_date: 2018-04-08 17:52:41


Imagine a small amount of deflation, absent external catastrophes.  If someone were to not invest or spend their money in order to benefit from its greater buying power next year, they would be giving up consumption and the gains from investing in companies whose growth outpaces deflation.
Those two forces oppose the gain from not spending / investing in proportion to how much money and hiw long, so I don't see the slippery slope effect you are claiming exists.
@_date: 2018-04-06 04:21:37


The demand for a given good or service in a set of people, at a given price, is the amount of it they would buy if the good or service sold for that price.
That is how you define the demand for a good or service.
I don't see how you have defined the demand for currency.  Can you give me two scenarios, a and b, where in scenario b some set of people have more demand for currency than they did in scenario a?
@_date: 2018-04-17 16:11:46
I meant to describe the idea of committing money to a bank, at risk, for a period of time, during which the bank uses it to make loans to businesses and then pays the depositor a share of the profits from the loan.
This is not fractional reserve banking because the money can not be withdrawn at any time, can only be loaned by the bank once, and if the investment goes bad, the customer knew there was risk and accepted it.
This doesn't lead to possibility of a run on the banks, like fractional reserve does.
I should not have claimed that a CD (certificate of deposit) was an example of that, as its insured by the FDIC.  It overlaps with what I was describing but not well enough.
@_date: 2018-04-17 16:32:14


The reason some crypto-currencies have as much value as they do is that the IMF and central banks and basically helpless to control their monetary policy.
Once crypto currencies start draining serious liquidity from the major central banks / fiat currencies, they will lose the ability to set monetary policy for fiat currencies as well.
Any attempt to print money on their part will cause the price of their fiat to plunge far enough to not cause any net increase in total liquidity (and probably then some), at which point there is no reason for them to try printing money again.
So in the end, it will be bitcoin deciding what role the central banks and the IMF play and not the reverse.
It adorable the she sees it the other way around, though.
@_date: 2018-04-16 20:32:13


I don't think that if the central banks stopped engineering inflation, and we allowed deflation to exist, that people would hoard money to any serious degree.
Suppose we got rid of fractional reserve banking and the fed stopped printing money by buying government bonds with money that didn't exist before the purchase (which is how it generally prints money).
What would happen then is that the average price of goods and services would start falling.  There would be exceptions, of course, but the average price would start falling.
That average price reduction, in a given year, would result from the overall productivity gains made across all businesses.  Some businesses would have gains that were higher than the average, some would have gains less than that, and some would have losses.
If you were to sit on your money, instead of investing it in a variety of businesses, then you would miss out on the gains that outperformed deflation, and the ones that underperformed it.
If the financial community (and the average person with financial expertise), on average, were no better at investing than to pick stocks and bonds at random, then I would concede that it would be better to sit on your money than to try to outperform deflation, and the slippery slope argument would be plausible.
I don't believe that.  I also don't know how to prove that to a skeptic.
However, if you are a skeptic on this point, then you doubt that financial expertise exists (that it works any better than choosing investments randomly).  If it doesn't, then who are you going to put in charge of banks and the fed to manipulate interest rates by printing money?
For that conventional monetary theory to hold any water, banks have to be able to vet business plans, distinguish solid business plans from poor ones, and risky ones from safe ones.  The fractional reserve banking concept allows banks to use the non-reserve funds to make loans to businesses and individuals and generate a non-trivial return.  Without financial expertise, how would banks do that? 
I also think you have the effect of inflation on the rich/poor backwards.  The poor are hurt more by inflation, while the rich are able to borrow at low interest rates to finance their businesses.
@_date: 2018-04-17 18:59:52
That's much harder to do with bitcoin than gold, because gold is hard to use directly as a form of money, so there is not a lot of direct economic activity that takes place with physical gold.  So its easy to manipulate the price of gold through futures contracts, especially when central banks collude to do that.  That's not going to fly with bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-11 20:39:45
Which specific problems in Zimbabwe do you think are likely being caused by deflation?  
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:21:38
That doesn't make any sense.  Deflation is a consequence of a growing economy (of people becoming more productive over time) not something that places an upper limit on economic growth.
I agree that picking a single commodity, like gold, to use as money would, if people around the world only accepted payment in that commodity, cause problems, but I don't understand why people would only ever accept payment in a single commodity.
Bitcoin is the world's first electronically tradable liquid asset (ETLA).  Until most people had smart phones with wireless internet, it made no sense for people to use ETLAs as currency.
Now that bitcoin has broken the ice, so to speak, it will allow a market of ETLAs to flourish.
If I could transfer a fractional share of IBM from my phone to yours, or any other company, or share in a basket of commodities chosen to have stable value, and there were an active currency market doing constant price discovery between the most common ETLAs, then I expect those would compete with BTC for use as currency.
I predict that is exactly what's going to happen.  If governments try to prevent non-BTC ETLAs from existing, then the price of BTC will keep going up, punishing the value of fiat currencies until they relent, at which point ETLAs and fiats will compete in an open market.
As increasing productivity means that we produce commodities at an increasing rate, the amount of commodity based money available also increases and the economy is not limited.
@_date: 2018-04-21 00:34:03
I would have thought that the important thing to measure was face to face bitcoin use, where people were selling goods and services to each other for bitcoin.  I don't think local bitcoins can measure that.  It can only measure bolivar to btc trades.
@_date: 2018-04-17 14:53:31


My assertion was that, if the fed stopped printing money, the average price of goods and services would start to fall.  I think that's true because, in a technological society, on average, people get better and producing goods and services per unit of input (we raise more food per acre, per gallon of fuel used in the harvesting machines, and so on for most of the resources needed to produce food.  Dittos for most other goods and services).
My point about some businesses producing better returns than the average deflation return, and some less, wasn't so much an assertion about reality (like 'for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction') but a point about what deflation is: its the average return across all business investments for producing goods and services in a year.  That more like saying F=MA (defining force, or in our case, deflation).  There is an assertion about reality in there as well: returns vary from business to business and from year to year.  But that's so obvious its like asserting that not everyone is the same height.
The reason I had to bring these particular chess pieces on the table is that the deflationary spiral theory is contradicted by them.  I wasn't so much trying to convince you of those assertions, as doing a proof by contradiction that spiral theory is false.


Without fractional reserve banking, banks would only be able to loan money that people have put into CDs, or otherwise agreed to risk for a period of time.  In order to get savers to agree to commit their money to banks, they would have to offer them some of the return the loans generated.  
While fractional reserve banking creates more nominal capital to loan, it doesn't create more real capital to loan. The money created by muliplying deposits is worth less than money with a 100% reserve requirement.
At any given time there are only so many people, skills, and resources to work with.  Adding another zero to the face value of your circulating bank notes doesn't change that.
@_date: 2018-04-09 22:00:46


I would think the only reason to put your money into an investment with a nominal X% return would be if deflation were expected to be less than that.


If that period of time lasted long enough that people came to rely on a 10% deflation then I would imagine that people would not invest their money in something that paid less than 10%.


I don't see why someone investing in a business requires instant and continuous return while sitting on cash does not.  Prices don't fall continuously on all goods simultaneously either.  Prices fall unpredictably as a result of suppliers making production runs in chunked increments and experiencing the cost of inputs they pay and the prices they can sell at changing.  You can have 10% deflation in a year with some prices rising over a period of months and others falling for the average prices to have fallen by 10% by the end of a year.  Price discovery between all of the commodities and services used in a large economy is chaotic in the short term even if, over a year, it averages a 10% decline.


There were a lot of other things happening during the great depression than deflation.  And the great depression was a world wide phenomenon, so saying that what happened "all over the world" during it is not a wide random sample of any particular force at work.  A better sampling, to assess how deflation works, would be of deflationary episodes over time and place.
There were many episodes of deflation before the great depression that did not have any depressive effect (a negative average real output growth rate).
[Here]( is a study of deflationary episodes in 17 countries over 100 years.  From the abstract


and  real  output  growth  rates.  Deflation  and  depression  do  seem  to  have  been  linked  during  the1930s. But in the rest of the data for 17 countries and more than 100 years, there is virtually no evidence of such a link
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:34:13
Every 10 years or so we have a banking catastrophe.  The Savings and Loan Crisis, the 2008 Banking Crisis, ... in which the banking system is bailed out by the taxpayers.
That's what I mean by a collapse.  Fractional reserve banking is inherently unstable.
The only reason its lasted over 100 years is that the government keeps using the taxpayers  to bail it out and, unitl recently, no one had figured out how to create a currency that didn't depend on government fiat.
@_date: 2018-07-26 19:58:33
True that its not very useful currently as a currency.  Its useful as a store of value that's likely to outlast the chaos on the horizon, which the banking system may not outlast.
That's *more* useful than currency is presently.
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:54:34
There are a lot of people who lost the passphrase to their bitcoin.  Its a plausible excuse.
@_date: 2018-04-10 16:29:28
From one of the comments:






Foreign investors have targets painted on their backs, and then investment slows down?
That seems a more likely explanation than deflation.
@_date: 2018-04-09 03:33:09


The higher the possible return, the higher the risk of loss, particularly over shorter time periods.
No one can tell for sure which investments will have the higher returns or when they will have them.
So people don't only put their money in the investment's with the highest returns because they are not sure which ones they are, and opinions differ on which will have the greatest payoff.
That's why people diversify, and dollar cost average in the long term investments they believe in.
@_date: 2018-04-23 15:34:44
I have noticed that articles claiming that bitcoin use has taken off in countries like Venezuela or Zimbabwe are poorly reasoned.  There may be more people using bitcoin in some capacity than before, but its always tiny compared to the economy at large, and the articles try to blur the distinction to inflate hype.
I have also noticed that articles on Venezuela mainly focus on telling the stories of people who had some money (cash or a bank account) before hyper inflation really hit, and exactly how worthless (how many orders of magnitude value it lost) it became some distance into the hyper inflation.  By telling the story that way, they get to showcase so astronomical number.
That's not very interesting to me.  I want to know how the average venezuelan is living.   The economy is functioning to some degree.  Food (and other commmodities) are being grown (made / provided) and distributed somewhat.  I want to know the details.
I don't think I've seen a single article that satisfies me in that regard yet written on Venezuela.
@_date: 2018-04-22 00:13:41
Good point about the daily  transaction rate, which I just  looked up and see  is 196k. Clearly 100k venezuelans are not transacting daily  btc.   If that were going to happen though it would start out much smaller,  build to a certain point slowly,  then explode. Hard to say how close we might be to a build up like that. I expect a scenario like that to play out in a country experiencing hyperinflation or capital controls in the next year. 
@_date: 2018-04-10 19:37:16
That's not my reasoning.
You said:


and quoted two articles talking about the economic problems in Zimbabwe, implying that USD deflation was causing those problems.
In the first article, we have:










So we have a population of 13 million, with 750k people working outside the farming sector.
The article is not presenting a coherent argument blaming deflation, but is sampling various schools of thought.  One of those is that deflation could send the country into a spiral of falling production.
The one data point offered along those lines is:  Use of industrial capacity has already fallen from 57 per cent in 2011 to a meagre 34 per cent, according to the Confederation of Zimbabwe Industries.
So, my thought process at this point is: what caused the decrease in "use of industrial capacity"?
One possibility is that deflation caused that.  Another is that the possibility of the government dispossessing foreign investors, which obviously scares them off.  From a comment in the comment section of that article:


So we have an overwhelmingly agricultural economy with a consequently small industrial capacity, and people are wondering why its not being used as much as it was.  You would expect any general economic problem (bad monetary policy) to effect the biggest sector of the economy, but instead, we see a downturn in a small portion of the economy.  That is being threatened with confiscation (assuming the foreign investment is concentrated in that portion and not the agricultural part).
It seems plausible to me that deflation is not the cause of that problem.
edit: looked up some economic data.  agriculture accounts for 60% of the labor force, but only 20.3% of GDP (industry 25.1%, services 54.6%).  From the wikipedia [article]( we have this:




@_date: 2018-04-05 15:08:34
That scenario could only play out because we were on a fractional reserve gold standard.  We printed more dollars than we had gold to back it at face value.
And on top of that, we had more dollar balances in bank accounts than we had printed dollars in circulation.  Fractional reserve banking.
Two levels of fractional reserve.  A second order ponzi scheme.
Of course it collapsed eventually.
@_date: 2018-04-05 21:39:05
You are making a lot of assertions which I am not able to fit into a coherent story about what led up to the great depression and what the effect of the various actions of the government at different times was.
I realize that could be on me and not on you, so I am not judging you yet.
You do seem to know a lot, so perhaps we can have a meaningful discussion.


What does it mean to talk about a nation's demand for currency?
If a nations demand for currency goes up over the course of a year, what changed during that year?
I don't feel like I know as much as I want to about the development of banking, credit, and currency through the 1800s and up to the present, and I think bitcoin is raising fundamental questions that standard economic theory can't answer.
@_date: 2018-04-17 15:21:31


If Big Pharma wasn't granted monopoly powers through a corrupt patent system, they wouldn't be able to raise prices.  I think it would be better to reform the patent system for drugs, than to have the government set prices and wages.
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:52:17


As long as technology keeps advancing, then we are able to produce more units of (most) commodities per person hour of labor.
So if you measure prices in average person hours of labor over time, you would expect the price of most commodities to fall.
Because central banks have been engineering inflation for over a hundred years, the average person has not been able to experience this natural deflation in their currency.  So the only examples we can point to of deflationary periods were when the banking system had lost its grip and the economy had been massively disrupted (a widespread collapse in demand).
Its not true that, if we stopped engineering currency inflation, demand would collapse as a result.
@_date: 2017-05-27 14:20:19
@_date: 2017-05-02 15:11:55
I kept waiting for bitcoin to make a big splash in one of: venezuela (failed state with hyperinflation), or greece, india, china (capital controls).  My thought was that it would provide an exit ramp for people there to get out from under their own currency's limitations.
As Andreas often points out, Its hard to get people to accept a new form of money.  It typically takes decades.  I had been counting on extreme economic deprevation to turn up the heat on the process and get people to make the leap of faith required to start using bitcoin.
I hadn't considered Japan.  Japan's central bank and government are further along the perpetual debt / low interest rate road than the U.S. which has been stifling economic growth.
The fact that people are not as poor there as in other countries, and therefore not as desperate, doesn't necessarily mean that they are less likely to think of turning to bitcoin.  It may be that their frustration, coupled with the fact that they are not desperate, are the ideal conditions required to think creatively and be willing to make a leap of faith in rethinking the nature of money.
@_date: 2015-10-22 10:37:14
You are saying that the volume of fiat traded through the settlement markets is huge and if bitcoin were used for that it would increase the price and volume of bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-04-05 15:10:45
Metal detectors.  Plus most gold people bought would have left a paper trail.  And friends and family could turn you in.
The government only had to prosecute a handful of people and businesses to get the rest to comply.
@_date: 2015-10-11 22:42:45
Good point.  I looked at the exchange rate history and there were several ups and downs in the number of rubles per dollar over the last year (From 40 to 70 to 50 to 70 to 60) but the volume of bitcoin trades in rubles over that time was a much smoother steady increase.  I wonder what that means.
@_date: 2017-05-09 16:11:09
And it has proven itself against state actors three times recently: PBOC announcing exchanges need to close margin accounts, PBOC restricting BTC withdrawls and the subsequent explosion of trading volume on localbitcoins, US FTC denying ETF application.
In each case there was a hit against BTC price, followed by a relentless rise to previous value and beyond.
@_date: 2017-05-09 16:19:53
Three possibilities spring to mind:
1. fungibility turns out to be a key feature, as governments go ape shit on the "if you use a coin that we can trace to a terrorist, we will arrest you for aiding and abetting terrorism".
2. Lightning Network explodes on LTC (retail and micropayment models) due to a failed state, displacing national currency while BTC waits too long to enable it.  Market share shifts to LTC and BTC can't catch up.
3. Tragic protocol flaw discovered in bitcoin code, LTC and BTC destroyed while ethereum takes over.
@_date: 2017-07-13 23:54:44
I agree that the Supreme Court and Congress are both more powerful than the FED.  Which is why the last thing I would want was for their routine meetings / sessions to happen behind closed doors and for the transcripts to be sealed for 10 years.
The meetings that they do have that happen behind closed doors should have plausible reasons for secrecy.  For example, I could see a subcommittee in congress that discusses foreign intelligence not publishing its transcripts or minutes that relate to ongoing conflicts.
I am sure congress would like to greatly extend the meetings that they can have behind closed doors and probably tries to make that argument often.  If they didn't receive constant push back on that, the abuse of congressional power would quickly grow.
@_date: 2018-04-09 17:38:59


Even the safest investments are going to pay a higher nominal return than the prevailing deflation, though.  The reason some of those won't achieve the higher nominal return is that some of them will fail and pay nothing.  So its not an obvious move to refuse to invest in the safest bets just because the economy is deflationary.  The safest bets are less likely to fail than the riskier bets.  Some people will pull their riskier investments and others their safest ones.
Another element you are not factoring in is that as prices decline, the cost of a company's inputs declines as well, making them more profitable.
These forces work against the spiral.
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:02:16




Are you suggesting that the Fed's job is to second guess the economic policies that congress, the president, and the american people discuss openly and to take covert corrective action to derail things they don't like?  That the tools of monetary policy the FED has been entrusted with are a lever so powerful and pervasive in their effects that they could override almost any other economic policy?
I can't believe you just admitted that.
I'll grant you that that would be a reason to keep the record sealed for a whole 10 years.  But its not the kind of reason that can stand the light of day.  Its not the sort of thing anyone would *say out loud*.
I do have to thank you for your honesty though.
@_date: 2017-07-13 22:58:25


The power to expand the money supply could, if abused, do unlimited damage to the economy.  It amounts to the ability to tax every man, woman and child without having to send police to physically confiscate wealth.  Its hard to imagine a single bigger level of power than that.


You seem to be arguing that the FED is capable of fine-tuning the economy through a deep understanding of financial engineering that is lacking in congress, the presidency, and the forces and institutions in the broader public that actively engage in the public debate over economic policy.  They can, for example, fine tune their interest rate adjustments to account for slight changes in the unemployment rate.
@_date: 2017-07-31 18:19:49
e-gold is an interesting case study for how hostile the government can be to companies trying to create alternative payment systems that compete with banks.  From the wikipedia page on e-gold:








The wikipedia article has this toward the end:








The reasoning here seems to be that if criminals use your payment network, and you are not a bank (and especially if you are not HSBC), then you can be held criminally liable for that use.
@_date: 2017-07-31 21:09:44


That's not saying much given how little interest there was in bitcoin back then.  Its a completely different ballgame when your market cap is orders of magnitude higher.
BTC is sitting on a $40bil market cap.
@_date: 2017-07-31 20:08:04
As anyone who tried to use paypal to donate to wikileaks knows all too well.
@_date: 2017-07-13 19:03:45


Why would an academic require a 10 year period before their detailed remarks became public?
That's the kind of closed door that democracy dies behind.
That's clearly corrupt.
@_date: 2015-10-11 19:23:23
The growth charts for Russia and the U.S. are the most interesting to me.
Compared to most of the countries ups and downs and random spikes, the US shows a linear growth and russia shows an exponential growth.
@_date: 2017-07-13 15:20:44
The full transcript are available *at a 10 year delay*.
That doesn't stink to high heaven to you?
@_date: 2017-05-09 16:14:23
Stop looking?  In favor of what?
They should use Bitcoin as one of many hedges.  Bitcoin may collapse in favor of another crypto that gets a critical feature right (like LTC with segwit, I put this at 10%), or it may emerge victorious (I put odds at 80%).
@_date: 2017-07-13 20:14:43




I would like an example of a discussion detail that could come out at a fed meeting that should be kept from the public for 10 years lest it cause the markets to spin out of control.
Earlier in this thread you gave an example of how, had the fed revealed which banks it was offering bailouts to publicly, those banks would have refused the money as it would have panicked investors.  I can see that as an argument for secrecy on the order of one year.
I can't see it as justifying a 10 year hold.  And I am having troube imagining one that would.
If your only argument is to point out just how many higher degrees the fed officers collectively hold, so gosh they must know what they are doing, then I have to ask for a little more justification than that.
@_date: 2019-05-10 20:16:54
and like newspapers, worried about the loss of classified ad revenue to craig's list putting 9 out of 10 of them out of business, using their powerful connections in government to nip the internet in the bud. 
That would totally happen because, if left unchecked, the internet would give rise to social media which would relieve the gvt+media oligopoly of narrative control over the public debate, from which a good portion of the gvt's power derives.  As if that weren't enough, the internet would allow people like snowden and assange to almost single handedly derail american foreign policy.
No clearly there is too much gvt power at stake and therefore the gvt will get its act together and nip the internet in the bud.
Oh Sherman, you glorious bastard, don't ever let your simple hopes die.  Just keep at it.
@_date: 2019-05-15 21:00:51
What exactly does he mean by clearing through the New York Fed?
@_date: 2019-05-06 03:26:17
The if the fed stopped printing money, and raised the reserve requirement to 100%, the fiat / btc price would stabilise.
@_date: 2017-07-14 23:06:10
I think we would come full circle if I started repeating my reasoning.
You and I obviously have a different view of what the FED (or any central bank) can or should do.  I will begin by stating my views and what I think your probably are.
I take it you think that raising or lowering interest rates through a direct expansion or contraction of the money supply by the FED (when it buys government debt, or loans to banks), and the general lowering of interest rates that occurs through the existance of fractional reserve banking and both good things.  I think they are both bad things.
If fractional reserve banking didn't exist (if banks that tried to do that were punished for fraud), and if the FED didn't even exist, then loans would only happen when borrowers and lenders (either people who had saved their own money to invest, or people who managed funds that people had invested for the purpose of making loans) met to discuss terms.  The borrowers would explain why they wanted to borrow money, and what the upside was (they would present a business plan).  The lenders would then subject those plans to scrunity to decide how risky they thought the plans were, and offer a higher interest rate to riskier plans and lower rates to the low risk plans.
"The Interest Rate" at any given time would be the average of the loans recently created.  By measuring it for a particular sector of the economy, you would get an indicator of how risky the average business plans were for that sector.
The market mechanism for arriving at interest rates would work to bring scrunity to business plans.
Whenever you put policy pressure on an economic indicator, it ceases to be an economic indicator.  Lowering interest rates by printing money has the effect of draining the economy of the business plan scrunity required to make it efficient and innovative.
Just like artificially lowering the cost of oil (by making it illegal to charge more than X for a barrell of oil, say), would drain the economy of innovation in producing and distributing oil.
It makes no more sense to set interest rates than it does to try to set commodity prices.
In both cases, it prevents markets from working efficiently and inventively.
I am curious to know what you think is going to happen in the next few years with bitcoin.  Do you think it will collapse on its own?  Or do you think it is a threat to the ability of the FED to manage the business cycle and should be made illegal for the public good?
I think bitcoin is going to continue to grow in influence and market cap in proportion to the amount of QE that the FED, the ECB, and the BOJ engage in, ultimately relieving those CBs of their ability to print money.  Which will upend the governmental budgetary process and greatly scale back the prepetual debt spending that the U.S. and other governments have been increasingly doing the years.
It will be a rough transition but we will come out the other side of it with a much more productive economy and with a higher standard of living overall.
I suspect you think that setting interest rates is necessary to manage the business cycle.
@_date: 2018-12-17 22:41:45
They know about bitcoin, but they are not actively using it.
This comes in the wake of sargon of akkad being shut down by patreon.  The IDW is hopping mad about it, and thinking hard about how to respond.
SubscribeStar was being thought of as an alternative, and then several payment processors immediately cut ties with them.
Bitcoin is an obvious way around financial blockades.
The main use case for bitcoin has been as a hedge against 2008 take II for several years now.
This use case, replacing patreon, could be huge and get lots of people using bitcoin on a daily basis.  Providing a greater price discovery.
This could start another bull run.  Based on frequent low level payments grounded in a serious economic need.
edit:  this could also be a great use case for the lightning network if the frequent use drives on-chain fees up.
@_date: 2018-12-18 00:38:29
So I can imagine the look on your face when I do.  That's priceless.
@_date: 2017-07-13 17:50:29


10 years?
@_date: 2017-06-05 20:54:41


The idea of having a centrally planned economy is that an assembly of experts can outperform the chaos and unpredictability of a free market.


We had a fractional reserve gold system at the time, and a fractional reserve banking system.   Once a system gets to be over-leveraged like that, it becomes too fragile to stabilize.  Its like trying to stop an avalanche from starting at the top of a mountain where snow has been accumulating over time.
It makes no more sense to try to outperform the market's ability to measure risk and set interest rates accordingly than it does to set commodity prices to try out outperform the market relative valuation of them to allow for the creation of the products and services the population is most interested in.
When you put policy pressure on a market indicator like interest rates or commodity prices, it ceases to be a market indicator.
@_date: 2018-12-11 18:44:30
What would stop it from being a global currency?
@_date: 2017-07-28 18:11:34
This is exactly the situation I am in.  I have several thousand dollars worth of bitcoin in my coinbase account and just got comfrotable enough with setting up a cold storage wallet with electrum to send a small test amount from coinbase to cold storage this morning.
The bitcoin transaction has not been posted to the mempool yet.  Its just sitting in a queue at coinbase.  I am now afraid to try to move the whole amount as I am so close to 8/1/2017 and I don't want my BTC to be moved into a coinbase queue while the fork is happening.
I think I may just leave my BTC in coinbase until after 8/1 rather than risk trying to move them this close to the fork.
@_date: 2017-07-31 20:04:56
No more than we gave a printing press to any company that issues shares of stock and uses the capital to build the infrastructure to produce goods and services that people value.
In bitcoin's case, the mining network is running 6000TH/s.  Security like that is not cheap so the bitcoin miners have earned their valuation. Ethereum is running at 70TH/s.  That's far less then bitcoin but the Ethereum developers are pushing the concept of programmable money further than bitcoin has.  They are taking bigger risks and while they have stumbled, they are raising the bar on secure programming.  They have also earned their market cap.
If you started a new crypto currency, it would only have value if the payment network behind it does its job well.
@_date: 2017-06-08 01:39:56
We don't care because we believe that bitcoin's price will continue to rise as long as the central banks of the major fiat currencies continue to produce low interest rates by printing money.
As long as they keep doing that bitcoins price will keep rising.  The corrections will be dwarfed by the longer term price rises to come.
WSJ readers can't see this yet because they think keeping interest rates low is a good idea.  Eventually they will have to see it.
@_date: 2018-12-27 18:52:13
Thanks.  I am reading this [tutorial]( on it now.
I've wanted to understand this for a while.  This is fun!
@_date: 2018-12-13 13:32:25
Depends on whether the lightning network continues to gain ground.  If it does, the bitcoin network could process more transactions per second that all credit card networks combined.
@_date: 2017-06-16 15:26:04
Using the money of depositors, who have the right to withdraw their money at any time, to make loans which introduces risk, is obvious fraud.
Banks should only make loans from money that they have warned depositors they might lose, and in order to incentives depositors to agree, they need to share the interest they make on those loans with them.
The fact that years can pass where no run on the bank materializes does not mean the concept is sound or that fractional reserve banking is stable.
The way financial analysts have reasoned that it is sound is by using thin tailed distributions like the gaussian to estimate the probability of bank runs and other financial catastrophes.  
The leverage schemes that the banking industry keeps justifying with these nonsense calculations keep collapsing whereupon the risk managers keep complsining about black swan events.
That's why nassim taleb titled his book,  Black Swan.
@_date: 2019-05-16 11:59:04
I understood that he was referring to the petrodollar system in other parts of his commentary, but didn't know exactly what he was referring to when he spoke of clearing through the New York Fed.
@_date: 2017-06-01 21:22:15
Why do you assume that keeping interest rates low by printing money is a good thing instead of letting lenders (that can't print money, or borrow from those who can) and borrowers agree on what interest rates they can both live with?  Borrowers that propose risky ventures will have to pay high rates and borrowers that have obviously sound business plans will pay low rates.  'The' interest rate at any given time would then be the average over recent deals.
By manipulating interest rates, central banks are preventing markets from doing due diligence to vet business plans.
What's next, setting commodity prices?  Any other vital market information vectors you would like to disable while you are at it?
Bitcoin is going to force central banks to stop printing money, at which point it will stop gaining value relative to fiat currencies relentlessly.
Its going to end the free lunch.
It can't happen fast enough to satisfy me.
@_date: 2018-12-27 17:56:47
Its not clear to me how to do than on coinbase.
@_date: 2018-12-27 17:56:09
How can I transfer from bch to btc directly without going through fiat?
@_date: 2017-06-17 12:50:26
I am also curious what day to day life is like in venezuela.  The MSM articles always focus on stories about how quickly the value of someone's savings declined through some recent period.  I want to know details.  What do people eat and how much?  How do people spend their time?
@_date: 2017-06-28 15:00:36
Interesting point.  I had never paused to consider that. If people knew that he was worth billions, and those billions were entirely liquid, it would invite no end of lawsuits to try to claim millions at a time. 
@_date: 2018-12-26 04:49:21
I completely agree.  However, something tells me that when the IDW succeeds in building a platform that can't be pressured into enforcing community standards and hate speech prohibitions, some people currently making the "why don't you guys build your own platform" argument are going to ask the government to shut them down.
I think those same people don't expect that platform to be actually built.
@_date: 2017-06-17 01:45:18
Regardless of how the 20th century would have played out without fractional reserve banking (you may be right about its role in acceletating the industrial revolution, although I have not thought about it in much depth) the 2008 banking crisis could have been a civilisation ending event.
Before witnessing it, I assumed governments knew what they were doing with the leverage that their central banks (and the banking system itself) exercised over their countries.  After, it was clear to me that they were playing with fire and no group of people has enough information to be trusted with that kind of power.
Bitcoin is going to relieve the banking system of that leverage in the coming years.  I only hope it succeeds before 2008 round II.
Banks will still exist as businesses, and will employ financial anslysists with similar expertise to what they know have.  But they won't have the leverage they used to have, and those analysis will not be able to make as much money as predictably as they are used to.
It's going to be very humbling and once they realize that bitcoin is a serious threat to them, they are going to protest very loudly.
@_date: 2018-12-02 17:25:37
I wonder how the FATF guidelines propose to deal with financial censorship along the lines of the blockade against wikileaks that bitcoin was able to break through but other payment methods were not.
Remember, the U.S. government didn't have to go through the court system to get that enforced.  They just had to ask.
Money laundering is not the only bad thing worth fighting, and involves striking a balance between its suppression, and the suppressing the ability of governments to use the financial system to unperson someone they don't like without due process.
@_date: 2019-05-08 04:18:29
The utility value of bitcoin is that it is required in order to write arbitrary data to the blockchain, where that data is immutable, survivable, uncensorable, ...
The fee market means that btc tokens are not exchangeable for a fixed amount of storage.  Just like the oil market means that usd are not exchangeable for a fixed amount of Saudi oil.
@_date: 2017-06-17 01:45:22
Regardless of how the 20th century would have played out without fractional reserve banking (you may be right about its role in acceletating the industrial revolution, although I have not thought about it in much depth) the 2008 banking crisis could have been a civilisation ending event.
Before witnessing it, I assumed governments knew what they were doing with the leverage that their central banks (and the banking system itself) exercised over their countries.  After, it was clear to me that they were playing with fire and no group of people has enough information to be trusted with that kind of power.
Bitcoin is going to relieve the banking system of that leverage in the coming years.  I only hope it succeeds before 2008 round II.
Banks will still exist as businesses, and will employ financial anslysists with similar expertise to what they know have.  But they won't have the leverage they used to have, and those analysis will not be able to make as much money as predictably as they are used to.
It's going to be very humbling and once they realize that bitcoin is a serious threat to them, they are going to protest very loudly.
@_date: 2018-12-27 17:55:18
After the split, I moved my BTC from the original electrum wallet to another one.
Thanks for the warning though, that is a serious risk.
@_date: 2017-06-02 12:05:33
Banks trade gold paper with each other all the time don't they?  
@_date: 2018-12-18 13:10:51
The difference is that with a bitcoin address, transactions are posted to the network and miners compete with each other to enter them into the distributed ledger. No one authorizes miner to do that.
With a bank, they own the ledger and only they can make entries on your behalf.
@_date: 2018-12-14 03:34:29


I see climate change as a slow moving disaster.  It's not going to kill us anytime soon. It will take 100 years to solve it, and it's not a matter of simply reducing our energy consumption.  It's a matter of cleaning it up.  To do that requires investment in new technologies.  If we try to attack the problem by cutting emissions, we would kill the economy, and never develop the technologies required to solve global warming.
The banking system, on the other, is a fast moving disaster.  It's dangerously unstable and it could destroy the economy at any time.  That fight will be won or lost in the next 10 years.
Of all the things that we could spend energy on, bitcoin is one of the most justified.  It's the only credible alternative to the fiat banking system ever developed, and the monster it opposes threatens everything in the short term.
@_date: 2018-12-13 12:41:07
If the bitcoin network grows dramatically in transaction volume, it will be via the lightning network at the second layer.
It's true that the power required to secure the network would increase in that scenario, but not in proportion to the transaction rate.  It would be in proportion to the total market cap.
The nature articles calculations are based on transaction rate growth and therefore vastly overstate how much additional power would be consumed.
The current market cap is driven by the store of value use case as a hedge against the banking system stumbling hard, a repeat of 2008 only worse.  How high the market cap goes will depend on how the next crisis plays out.  If the major central banks keep printing money as a way to balance their governments budgets long term instead of raising taxes / cutting spending, then the market cap of bitcoin will grow enormously (though still nowhere near the transaction rate growth) until further QE actually lowers overall fiat liquidity, therefore making QE pointless, and effectively ending it.
I suspect it won't come to that.  As bitcoin drains liquidity from the fiat system, central banks will stop abusing theor power to print money, and we get a soft landing in the coming crisis.  So the market cap won't grow nearly as much.
@_date: 2018-12-18 21:22:35
The major advantage is that payment processors are a natural point of attack for censorship.  Have you been following what happened with SubscribeStar?
You can also read [this]( for a larger example.
@_date: 2017-06-28 12:03:42
I think the way it is going to play out is that as bitcoin gains market cap, other Electronically Tradable Liquid Assets (ETLAs) will start to compete with it as currency.
Any stock of a company will eventually be peer to peer tradable in fractional shares with low fees in the coming years.  I don't know exactly what form that trading platform for that will take but extending bitcoin and lightning networks to cover that is one way.  An ethereum proof of stake system is another.
Anyway, if you are willing to accept a fractional bitcoin as currency, why not a fractional share of IBM, or any other actively traded company with large market cap? Or a basket of commodities chosen to stabilise price by financial anslysists that have studied commodity markets with just that goal in mind?
Bitcoin is establishing ETLAs in their role as acceptable currencies.  Once that floodgate is opened, there will be thousands more and they will all compete to provide the world financial system with a vast pool of liquidity independent of central bank control.
Fiat currencies will still exist but central banks will no longer be able to use their ability to print money as a lever on their national economies because any attempt to do so will immediately punish the exchange rate for that fiat and people will prefer any of a thousand other ETLAs for their business.
The banksters will have no choice but to perform honest market analysis, and will be unable to socialize their losses onto a helpless, captive public.
If by crypto currencies you encompass the whole trading platform for ETLAs then maybe the people claiming all money will be replaced by crypto currencies have a point.  However, the value of those crypto currencies will be tied to the company and commodity shares they represent ownership of. Crypto currencies like bitcoin whose value derives wholly from the novel properties of the payment network they are tokens for will be a small fraction of the total market cap of the world's entire pool of ETLAs.
@_date: 2017-06-23 14:53:43
That was my take also.  I don't see how the block chain concept applies to secure voting.
Voting protocols like punch scan and scantegrity allow the voter to walk away with a receipt that they can use to prove to themselves that their vote was counted as they intended in the final tally, but which they can't use to prove to anyone else how they voted.
They are designed as add ons to the paper ballot system.  Internet voting systems like helios assume flawless voter registration and that the users computers are not hacked.
No one knows how to solve those problems, and the blockchain doesn't suggest any solutions either.
The nice thing about punch scan and scantegrity is that anyone can download the election authority files for an election and validate the results.  They are a form of public ledger of the voting process that simultaneously guarantees anonimity and that no cheating rook place in the tally.  They do that by using cryptographic commitments and establishing an audit procedure.
@_date: 2017-06-17 01:45:36
Regardless of how the 20th century would have played out without fractional reserve banking (you may be right about its role in acceletating the industrial revolution, although I have not thought about it in much depth) the 2008 banking crisis could have been a civilisation ending event.
Before witnessing it, I assumed governments knew what they were doing with the leverage that their central banks (and the banking system itself) exercised over their countries.  After, it was clear to me that they were playing with fire and no group of people has enough information to be trusted with that kind of power.
Bitcoin is going to relieve the banking system of that leverage in the coming years.  I only hope it succeeds before 2008 round II.
Banks will still exist as businesses, and will employ financial anslysists with similar expertise to what they know have.  But they won't have the leverage they used to have, and those analysis will not be able to make as much money as predictably as they are used to.
It's going to be very humbling and once they realize that bitcoin is a serious threat to them, they are going to protest very loudly.
@_date: 2017-06-08 04:12:11
I dont know what you mean by a stable economy.  You mean one where the average persons time and effort doesn't become more valuable in terms of material output over time?
We all want an economy where our time and effort yield more material wealth, so we can spend less of it housing and feeding ourselves, and more of it fulfilling our creative potential.
Inflation and debt have been stopping us from achieving that, allowing the financial elite to gain ever more control and leverage over the world economy.
That's about to change.
@_date: 2017-06-17 01:50:58
Regardless of how the 20th century would have played out without fractional reserve banking (you may be right about its role in acceletating the industrial revolution, although I have not thought about it in much depth) the 2008 banking crisis could have been a civilisation ending event.
Before witnessing it, I assumed governments knew what they were doing with the leverage that their central banks (and the banking system itself) exercised over their countries.  After, it was clear to me that they were playing with fire and no group of people has enough information to be trusted with that kind of power.
Bitcoin is going to relieve the banking system of that leverage in the coming years.  I only hope it succeeds before 2008 round II.
Banks will still exist as businesses, and will employ financial anslysists with similar expertise to what they now have.  But they won't have the leverage they used to have, and those analysis will not be able to make as much money as predictably as they are used to.
It's going to be very humbling and once they realize that bitcoin is a serious threat to them, they are going to protest very loudly.