@_author: silentconfessor
@_date: 2019-07-27 01:06:16
I mean, you can have that opinion if Bitcoin works for you. I'd be interested in hearing why you don't consider the issues I mentioned significant though.
@_date: 2019-07-29 19:56:12
So what you're saying is that it's not anything about the implementation itself that makes Bitcoin special, it's just that it has so many participants that it's difficult for any group to get control? That was the intent of my original question, so thanks for clarifying that.
As for cryptography: while it is true that you can't associate wallets with individuals, that is only true in the sense that you can't associate a username on some other service with an individual either. Transactions are still public, so if you know a wallet you can see all the transactions associated with it. There are altcoins that can actually hide that information (iirc Monero does this), though I have no idea how that's achieved. The cryptography in bitcoin exists to prevent fraudulent transactions (i.e. to ensure a payment is approved by its sender and not forged) and to enforce the proof-of-work protocol.
@_date: 2019-07-28 15:51:49
I'm a little confused about this. Many altcoins are based on the bitcoin code, so why would they be centralized where BTC is not? If not to enforce decentralization, what benefit does cryptography actually bring?
@_date: 2019-07-26 20:06:20
I don't know if there's one that solves all I mentioned (in fact, I doubt it). Like I said, the issue is fragmentation - everybody solves the problems they consider relevant, and no large group can get behind a specific one.
@_date: 2019-07-27 01:15:38
Sure, it's not valid to characterize any of those as a truly viable and realistic alternative to BTC, but from a purely technical standpoint they are all valid variations on the protocol outlined by the white paper.
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:22:57
In general, I'm a bit skeptical of using a technology's popularity to justify its quality. In a lot of technical areas, this association is fairly weak because quality is simply not the only reason people choose a technology. It might be because it's the only one they know about, or because it's the only one they think can succeed, or maybe they're just looking for profit. I can see Bitcoin being a whole lot worse than it is (as long as it maintains the core of being a decentralized, blockchain-based cryptocurrency) and still having much of its popularity. Arguably the tiny ones are only so tiny because of the fragmentation I described in my original comment. I don't know what metric you're referring to by "real value," but I will say that Bitcoin or a fork thereof has the most realistic chance of succeeding, if only because nobody cares to switch.
As for your other point - I would say that "too high" depends on your use case. Correct me if I'm wrong, but Bitcoin block times are designed to be ~10 minutes on average, no? Many people have issues with this. As for fees, perhaps traders don't care that much but I would have a hard time paying an extra dollar on every everyday transaction.
@_date: 2019-07-27 01:21:37
I'm not sure what you mean by a "real altcoin," or that a coin's use of the word "Bitcoin" is correlated particularly strongly with whether it is a scam. There are plenty of altcoin scams that don't use that name (BitConnect being the obvious one) and I could imagine someone using a variation on the term "Bitcoin" to denote a perfectly legitimate (if niche) currency, if only for marketing reasons.
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:25:27


Interesting. I didn't know this was possible, and it probably invalidates my point. How does that work?
@_date: 2019-07-26 15:26:27
I might get banned for this but I'm going to say it anyway.
A proliferation of standards like this is what happens when a community (or at least, the part of a community that cares about such things) cannot centralize around a single one. Usually, when they are able to centralize, it's around the first such standard to exist. In this case however, Bitcoin has enough flaws that everyone and their mother thinks they can Make a Cryptocurrency and Do It Right This Time.
The issue is that each altcoin solves a different set of the perceived problems and in different ways, and since none of them can claim a first mover advantage, there's no reason for an adopter not to pick (or create) the one that has exactly the features they want. And there are genuine technical problems with Bitcoin, such as the long block time, high transaction fees, and susceptibility to ASIC mining. All these problems are addressed by many altcoins, and many are actually solved, but no one cares because Bitcoin has taken over the vast majority of public discourse. Therefore, in a last-ditch effort to get attention, they put "bitcoin" in the name and market it as "bitcoin, but better," which would be a good decision if they weren't doomed to fail anyway.
@_date: 2019-07-27 01:02:29
Programming languages have a similar problem. Most of the dominant languages are ~30 years behind the theory. It's a local maximum of sorts - we would all benefit from change, but corporations don't want to be first adopters of a language, and many hobbyists are willing to just make a new language to suit their needs.
@_date: 2019-07-27 01:09:29
I'm not sure I entirely follow your argument here. Are you saying that Bitcoin is most secure because it has the most adoption, which makes it harder for any one group to have a majority of the processing power?