@_author: silentlytyrone
@_date: 2014-08-26 13:38:05
You can find extensive tutorials for starting a new SilentVault wallet on our web site.  Using Voucher-Safe technology, any published asset can be used in voucher form to make payments or conduct exchange operations.  Any user can make payments, receive payments, keep receipts, delete their own transaction data, make exchange offers, accept exchange offers, and redeem vouchers for assets such as Bitcoin, Litecoin, silver, and where individuals are willing, fiat currencies.  In other words, SilentVault works much like cash and other anonymous forms of payment.  If you have questions, please let me know and I will do my best to help. 
@_date: 2014-08-06 15:45:46
It is very clear that the finance industry regulators in New York want to make it impossible for anyone but a bank to comply with these regulations, and make it idiotic for a bank to do so.  
My own review of the regulations is available at silentvault.com in the "case against regulation" blog.
Here's an excerpt of some of the things I found wrong.
200.3 prevents anyone without a licence from accepting virtual currency unless exempt as a merchant or consumer (thus, anyone); 200.4 (a) (2) and (3) requires very complete lists of names and particulars invading the privacy of everyone involved in the licence holder; (5) by requiring fingerprints you are presumed criminal and by requiring photographs you must participate in the fallacy of the identity state; (7) none of your officers have any financial privacy and must incriminate themselves through extensive disclosures; (8) all your strategies and advantages must be disclosed and will get around to your competitors; (11) you are presumed guilty; (13) you have to explain things to the ignorant people who claim authority to regulate you; 200.4 generally: you apply, they deny, until you run out of money; 200.5 fees are not refundable no matter how frivolous their reason for denial; 200.6 (a) extensive weasel words about the confidence and trust of the community and the efficiency of applicants that makes it clear that anyone can be denied unless they have a very cozy relationship with the superintendent; (b) you cannot expect any results because the superintendent can extend the time he/she has to review your application as much as he or she wants; (c) additional weasel words to allow any licence to be revoked for any reason or no reason so you cannot expect to keep a licence unless you already have enormous economic power; (d) revocation comes after an administrative hearing, there is no appeal process indicated; 200.7 (a) you must comply with millions of pages of state and federal regulations without fail; (b) and be able to prove that you have done so at whatever that costs you; (c) you must spend (as entrants into heavily regulated industries such as Tesla Motors seem to have done, for years and to the tune of millions of dollars) on compliance with regulations even if you are not yet or have ceased doing business; 200.8 (a) your books are completely open; (a) (4) if you are a bank or otherwise already regulated you may be presumed to have carte blanche if we understand this section correctly; (c) you cannot keep any earnings or profits in gold, silver, virtual currencies, shares of your own stock, or in any way but certificates of deposit, money market funds, state or municipal bonds, USA government securities, USA government agency securities - in other words, there is no escape from inflation, and this provision is obviously meant to extend further funds to the out-of-control warfare and welfare state that has to be financed with endless debt upon debt; 200.9 (a) the superintendent can require a bond of any amount at all, can change that amount at will, and can close your enterprise if you don't get all the bond to satisfy the superintendent that the bonded amount is acceptable, and your enterprise can have a completely different bond amount from every other enterprise even if they are exactly the same as you in all major ways, and you have no appeal to anyone else, ever; (b) you cannot have any fractional reserve of virtual currency in your operations, which is going to be a source of dismay to the banking cartel that the New York state department of financial rigmarole is usually jumping through hoops to please; (c) don't go using client funds without their knowledge the way various brokerage and banking concerns during the 2006-2013 financial crisis have been proved to have done; 200.10 see above concerns on innovation being prohibited ....
@_date: 2014-08-14 18:00:12
Is coin mixing really the best way to achieve anonymity and privacy?  It is definitely an approach, but it is clearly not the only possible strategy.  
Since bitcoins and other crypto-currencies are already digital bearer instruments, it seems clear that adding "another layer of indirection" would accomplish the same goals.  Voucher-Safe, for example, is an open source wallet software that provides for private and anonymous transactions on a person to person basis.  The developers of SilentVault are working on a Voucher-Safe based solution for bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-08-26 13:35:43
We recently launched our service at SilentVault.com.  I can point you at more information if you wish.
@_date: 2015-01-09 01:37:10
Here is a new article on our service.
 
@_date: 2019-05-20 18:44:07
I have been asked to find buyers who are interested in buying thousands of bitcoin.  Always interested in finding buyers and sellers.