@_author: silliussoddus
@_date: 2017-09-27 16:55:54


You could say the same thing about the USD?
Bitcoin can't ever be a mainstream currency BECUASE it's deflationary by design.  Deflation is toxic to an economy - it encourages holding the currency, and not spending or investing it.  Ideally you want minimal inflation, but never deflation.
@_date: 2015-03-20 18:34:52
What exactly does "bank" mean to you?  Even if you draw the line at storing/exchanging/sending/receiving money for individuals (and ignoring all the other useful things that banks do) it's a pretty useful institution, and critical for basically everyone with even a little bit of money.  It's totally ridiculous to argue that they do nothing and only leech on society.
@_date: 2015-03-20 19:09:00
What I meant was that no matter how you define "bank" it will have some essential services that will always be valuable.  People who think that any of the core bank services will ever go obsolete just don't know better.  The landscape may change, but the services will always be there.
(also, savings accounts are only for uber-rich people?  It's the most reasonable way to store an emergency fund)
@_date: 2015-03-21 04:42:48
It's not trivial - your money gets transported from your employer to you and then to your creditors/suppliers with incredibly high reliability, security, and traceability.  It's made available to you anywhere in the world, and (if in the USA) insured by one of the most powerful countries.  The services are provided for free and they often pay you for the privilege.  I think the only reason it doesn't seem difficult is that it works so well.
@_date: 2015-03-20 18:47:25
So... ETFs and index funds just occur naturally or something?  Someone has to run it and keep it balanced and do all the bookkeeping so there is even an ETF for you to buy.  If you cut out all of the services that banks/financial institutions provide, "investing in an index" would be posting on craigslist or something to buy shares of each company from the current owners - huge transactional costs and price inefficiencies, and an impossible upfront investment. 
@_date: 2015-03-20 18:47:28
So... ETFs and index funds just occur naturally or something?  Someone has to run it and keep it balanced and do all the bookkeeping so there is even an ETF for you to buy.  If you cut out all of the services that banks/financial institutions provide, "investing in an index" would be posting on craigslist or something to buy shares of each company from the current owners - huge transactional costs and price inefficiencies, and an impossible upfront investment. 