@_author: sillycyco
@_date: 2015-12-12 11:19:33


No, it cannot. It can print some. Printing as much as it needs still must fall within having as much as can be used, and it all gets used. That is because it is all fictitious, it is all what we agree it is.
How can bitcoin stop a society in its tracks? It can cause all sorts of disruption, but in the end it is a currency, not a replacement for currency. The state can always manipulate value in via other means than volume of available currency.
@_date: 2015-12-12 11:00:53


Which is why the method of currency is not nearly as important that there *be* a currency. Whatever it is, the people of a given place are part of the economy of that place. Bitcoin, dollars, whatever. The owners will make their money and the population will get paid.
Its not like bitcoin suddenly removes you from your state of residence. It is an alternate form of currency, not a replacement for currency.
@_date: 2015-12-12 10:44:30


That is the key point.


Borrowing and printing currency does not make bombs, fighter bombers, cruise missiles, air craft carriers and the entire means for force projection. The *society* does. Currency is just a book keeping between the populace and the state. States don't go to war to acquire bank accounts. They go to war to acquire the population that has those bank accounts
Germany invaded Poland to *get Poland.* Not to destroy it. To acquire it and add its societal machinery to its own.
@_date: 2015-12-12 09:43:05


Modern warfare is a mobilization of the means of production to acquire further means of production and/or resources. Currency in any form is just a tool, but not the means by which these forces move forward nor the reason. A destabilizing currency like Bitcoin has certain wide spread ramifactions, but stopping state acquisition of territory and production means is not one of them.
Bitcoin does not influence acres of farmable land, factory production and resource extraction from the earth.
@_date: 2014-10-18 19:37:36


I don't think she'll have much of a choice. Either you recalibrate and go with the flow, or you either aren't reelected, or you end up like Kennedy.
@_date: 2014-11-07 02:50:49


Merchants and consumers on these markets are protected by encryption between them. The market should never even be able to see any information on a customer. Vendors are totally anonymous from what I understand. You can only trust them based on reputation. You communicate your address to them encrypted to their private key. So the vendor will always end up knowing your address. The market will not.
You'll notice there aren't a huge amount of vendors and customers being busted along with SR2.0, only the operators of the market itself. Same with the previous SR. They'll lose bitcoin, but the bulk of them are hidden from the authorities.
I don't know anything about OpenBazaar, this is just how you maintain security on a market of this type. OpenBazaar sounds like it offers security to the market not going down, and to some extent, the operators, if there are any. If it is totally p2p, I doubt there is an owner, you'd just get transaction fees for running a node.
Why these dumbass kids running these markets aren't living in Cuba, Vietnam, etc. is beyond me.
@_date: 2014-11-08 07:30:48
What makes you think the War on Drugs is about stopping the flow of drugs? It is about injecting an industry and bureaucracy into an existing market. *Without* drugs, there are a great many people who would be unemployed and many others not getting rich. On all sides of the legal status.
It has never been, nor ever will be, about stopping drugs. No more than wars are fought to "bring freedom" to people.
It is simply something the powers that be can tell the idiot masses that sounds nice, is easy to understand and hides the realities of the world.
The international drug trade is a $400 billion a year industry. That is no street peddler level money, that is serious, serious business, and that isn't even counting the tax dollars funneled into huge government agencies, prison systems, law enforcement agencies, advertising programs, etc.
It is going to be a hard battle to rid society of this artificial enemy created out of thin air. I mean, Heroin is a trademark of Bayer, and used to be sold in the Sears catalog. There are *far* more dangerous, addictive and highly available *legal* drugs than there are illegal ones. They just picked some sub-class of substances to vilify and BAM, an industry was created.
@_date: 2014-11-08 06:27:25


A windows build is forthcoming from posts over in @_date: 2014-11-07 21:50:30


He was the highest ranking admin, promoted up from a forum admin according to the FBI complaint. He wasn't the droid they were seeking, but he's as high up the chain they could get. He was a dumbass kid playing drug kingpin, and he wasn't hoarding the kind of bitcoin Ross Ulbricht was, or at least they didn't find it. He's going to roll on anyone he can to help himself, and he is going to prison for a very long time.
@_date: 2014-11-08 09:25:15
That would be because Bayer is a German company, and [lost their trademark]( to Heroin via the [Treaty of Versailles]( They sold the product under the name over a century ago.
The US also isn't the sole arbiter of what is, and isn't, a trademarked products name.
@_date: 2014-12-12 03:12:19


As the 3rd largest company *in the world* by market cap, I think they learned their lesson a long time ago. The only things beating them out are iphones, itunes and oil.
@_date: 2014-01-27 19:00:31
Sure, but that is not inherent in bitcoin. I'm just saying it can be used anonymously, but typically that would be a hassle unless you really needed that anonymity. 
@_date: 2014-11-07 06:08:35


You cannot have one without the other. If you cannot make anonymous purchases of *whatever kind* with Bitcoin, it is not a currency worth using. It doesn't matter what the privacy use cases are. It matters that there be a robust privacy ability available. There is no better test bed currently then illicit drug sales. If it can survive there, it can survive anything.
Adoption will come when it is a proven, solid, untraceable currency - or at least has that ability should you wish to use it. Which is exactly what cash is.
@_date: 2014-11-07 23:52:39


What is your experience with the "relative safety" of &lt;insert country&gt;? You can get mugged pretty much anywhere in the world. From Amsterdam to New York, from Mexico City to Hong Kong. The key is to not carry cash, keep an eye out and know how to read your surroundings. That applies to *every place on Earth.*
@_date: 2014-07-12 07:14:18


How is explaining their own actions and actions they condone too complicated? They aren't retards. They are very powerful men who know exactly what is going on. Don't take lack of prosecution for lack of understanding. Take it for lack of fucks being given.
@_date: 2014-12-23 03:48:03


No, they couldn't. The size of the event is dictated by the BLM, and it is based on the ability to get people in and out of the event. There is a single two lane crappy road that leads to nowhere, which the event is at the far end of. The *only* way to increase the population limit is to upgrade the highway. Even then, the limit can't go arbitrarily high because of the impact the event has on the playa.
There is nothing arbitrary about the attendance limits. At all. It is a hard condition of the use permit and closure order. The BLM *has* many times, shut down access to the event because of temporary over population.
The limited population hasn't stopped interest in the event, so *that* is why they have extreme ticket scarcity these days. Knowledge and interest in the event grows, but there is a hard cap on attendance. The lottery was one year only (2012), and it was a disaster. Ticket sales are done first come first serve now, with limited directed sales to certain large camps critical personnel (which is controversial).
@_date: 2014-11-07 22:13:01










Anything can run in a VM for whatever operating system it uses.
The "masses" would be stupid to trust running an open marketplace on their day to day machine. Security would be much tighter in a VM, and it cannot contaminate your machine nor leak any of your data.
There is no difference between using a VM and not using one from the application standpoint. You can use it however you like. Just remember, security is *your* responsibility. Keep in mind the kinds of things that may or may not be traded on this market, and act accordingly. I personally wouldn't trust it unless it was in a VM being tunneled through tor. You, of course, may feel differently.
@_date: 2014-11-09 08:28:37


How do you know that? I know addicts who take pills that contain the exact same ingredients as heroin (codeine and morphine) and they continue to live their lives. The difference, is they don't need to fight for their next fix. It is easy to get, so they do it, and move on.
The prohibition of these drugs is what causes the life damaging effects in a majority of cases. It is the high price, the sketchy market and unregulated purity that causes the most problems, including OD's. If it was easily available to those who are hell bent on doing it, they aren't going to make the quest to get it the center of their lives.
Heroin addicts do not do heroin all day. They *search for more heroin* all day. The top addiction among medical professionals is opiate addiction. Yet they live fulfilling lives. A managed addiction to opiates is not life ruining, they aren't even really bad for your body at managed *known* dosages. It is a bad habit, difficult to stop and a crutch for sure, but in the end, prohibition has done vastly more harm than good.
@_date: 2014-12-13 23:21:07


You are absolutely right. I think this mostly disturbs the younger netizens who have become accustomed to facebook and the like, where they truly believe there is a real person and trustable identity behind everything said on the internet. I for one know and assume that everything said on online forums is first and foremost, bullshit. There are trolls, liars, psychos, feds, blackhats, criminals, on and on.
Your only choice in online discourse is absolutely paranoia and distrust. It must be the default view, or you are in for a bad time. Know it, accept it, and move along. It is how it has always been since long before the www existed. This whole modern facebook real identity thing is cute, and a total farce.
@_date: 2014-02-10 19:03:59


Tip: if you aren't paying Facebook for its services, you are not their customer.
@_date: 2014-11-07 11:16:43


I've been reading the complaint document, and it appears he wasn't involved in creating SR2. He inherited it from the original operator, he came on as an admin of the forums. 
Somehow this forum admin was promoted up to site administrator after the "DPR" of the site disappeared. At least thats what the FBI are saying. So his skills in designing and maintaining something like this are very questionable. Sounds like he just inherited something way above his head, and made very fatal mistakes due to lack of understanding.
@_date: 2014-11-08 08:07:17


Cartels just move things in bulk across borders. They aren't interested in dealing. It is too small scale, and too little profit in it for them. They are simply shipping companies.
@_date: 2014-01-27 18:35:56
Not necessarily. To use bitcoin, you simply sign a transaction with your private key, assigning some quantity of bitcoins to some other public key. The owner of that public key can extract the transaction from the keychain and he now "owns" those bitcoins. As long as your private key remains untied to your identity, it is impossible to know from where the transaction originated.
As designed, it can operate completely anonymously. However, it is the end points that can de-anonymize it. Getting money into or out of a bank account, for instance. Essentially any exchange involving cash and bitcoin *can* be identifying.
Just flinging bitcoin around in itself is anonymous unless your keys are tied to you somehow.
@_date: 2014-10-18 00:07:36


No, that is actually exactly what is being discussed here. The system is far far removed from whatever individual is being waved around for our tv show popularity contests (elections.) Hillary would have no more power than any other president has in a very long time. Whoever wins whatever election is meaningless, and is simply a distraction to get you polarized into one corner or another, believing that there is merit in which individual holds whatever office. Getting you to believe you have a voice, and wield some sort of power and influence of the system.
You don't pull the puppet strings as a voter. You are the audience watching the puppet show.
A presidents job isn't to wield power, it is to draw attention *away* from power.
@_date: 2014-10-18 05:09:30
What can I say, Adams was an astute observer of the human condition. He hit the nail on the head with great regularity.
@_date: 2014-11-07 21:37:42


Using a VM for something like this is the best way to develop it. It allows you to have multiple instances, it is a decentralized networked market. How are you going to debug it fully on your single windows box? If you are going to do development work on it, you're gonna want a slew of them. Running them in VM's is the only practical way to do that. Plus you can wipe the slate clean and start from scratch over and over.
And yes, you should expect to run OB in a VM in reality, so you can clamp down on it, force it to run via tor, etc.
@_date: 2015-07-29 16:22:09
There is internet available to some at BM, lots of camps bring satellite setups and the event even has a 24/7 live stream. If it can be done there, it can be done anywhere, as it is very remote. Not that currency would be welcome at this particular place and time.


Ya, but that isn't as ridiculous as it sounds honestly. It was more the tone of it being an extortion attempt. There is nothing stopping them from doing that themselves. I've had ice cream on the playa numerous times, in fact I bring some every year. It isn't hard to run a generator and fridge. There are camps that fly in fresh fish for sushi daily, figuring out how to provide extravagances like that is part of the fun out there - as long as it isn't some exclusive, VIP experience.
Otherwise it'd just be a huge shit show in a remote dead spot on the planet. More than it is already anyway ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-29 03:19:06
There is no actual commerce going on at Burning Man, this would be for camp dues. For paying for food, camp infrastructure, etc. prior to arriving. The only things you can buy there are ice and coffee.
@_date: 2016-02-06 23:10:36
According to the breach, if you linked your account to Coinbase, you were not so safe. A credit card breach would be recoverable, your bitcoins being spent not so much. And since credit card information didn't seem to be stolen, *only* bitcoin users of Coinbase/Gyft were vulnerable to having further currency stolen via the breach.
Quote: "An unauthorized party who acquired your credentials could have accessed your Gyft account and used any gift cards in your account with unused balances, or used available reward points or a Coinbase-enabled account to purchase additional gift cards."
@_date: 2015-04-01 18:24:36
My god, the things I said on Usenet. I can still search up old posts, and cringe ever so hard. These kids today have no idea what *persistence* means, with all their shitposting on Facebook, reddit, etc. Wait until they look at that 30 years later.
@_date: 2013-04-19 01:56:33
Of course you are right, however the "Full Faith and Credit" clause of the constitution is still just an agreement. In essence there is nothing separating the two, except history, mind share, infrastructure and a military.
Bitcoin is new, may disappear, fail, be hacked, etc. I was simply clarifying its use as a currency as opposed to a stock or share in something. It is in its infancy, for sure. It is still a token of value if people want it to be. So could seashells, bottle caps, whatever be a currency, if everyone agreed it was so.
It is not equivalent to a dollar, certainly. Nor is a Dollar equivalent to Yen, Euro, etc. However you *can* exchange between them all, and use them all to buy things and pay people. People just have to accept them as real, having value and agree that they are a currency.
It is highly risky to "invest" in an infant currency such as bitcoin. It may never make it out of the realm of a fad.
Analogies being what they are, the closest analog to Bitcoin would be a paper currency of some sort that people are used to. If I give you a piece of paper, and you take it and agree it has value, I no longer have it and you do. You can then use it to trade for goods and services. The same applies, in principal, to a bitcoin. Its just missing a lot of infrastructure, acceptance, history, and large scale adoption.
An economy is still just a shared hallucination amongst large groups of people. No matter the scale. In a game of Monopoly, those playing all agree to the terms and conditions of the game and its economy. Same goes with a capitalist society, just on a much larger scale.
@_date: 2013-10-04 19:23:37
Ruining his reputation goes a long way to curbing donations to his defense fund. There are deep pockets in the bitcoin community, people who he helped enrich, albeit indirectly.
Bitcoin millionaires owe at least some of that wealth to DPR. They aren't going to donate to a suspected murderer.
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:11:00
So, uh, who is going to take $100 million in boxes of cash, and turn it into bitcoin. Some people, sure. THEN, who is going to give a drug lord $100 million in cash, for those bitcoins?
The underground drug economy on a large scale works just fine with regular currency. It churning out record profits.
What incentive is there for big cartels to use this system? Couldn't they just invent their own digital currency then? If thats what this is all going to be used for, why are normal folks involved at all?
Your reasoning is flawed, large scale black market money movements can not, will not, be the mover behind adopting a new currency. It still involved pallets of cash being somehow exchanged for bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:58:43
Ya, at least I thought it was funny. Satoshi rises from the darkness and drops $100 grand on somebody.
Somehow I don't think DPR, err Satoshi, would be tipping on reddit though... ;-)
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:50:28
I agree with you about Bitcoin, just not that the first large scale adopters are going to be large scale drug organizations. They already have mechanisms in place to transfer money around. Small time drug dealers, sure. Huge multi billion dollar cartels? Why would they? It would be clearly obvious to the authorities and they could just confiscate the pallets of money at mtgox, or wherever.
Sure, they *will* adopt it (or something that replaces BTC), once others have and the mechanisms are already in place. They aren't going to drive it to trillion dollar valuation. Consumers and merchants will drive its adoption. Then, and only then, will big movers in the underground be able to safely use it transparently. Like every other currency in the world.
I am sure merchants (eventually) would love to be able to use bitcoin instead of Paypal, for instance. No charge backs, no fees, etc. It just needs to have a stable exchange rate. Eventually, perhaps exchange rate will not matter (I don't worry about my USD compared to Yen), but for now btc is not considered a real, viable currency all on its own. It only has this in relation to other currencies. It is just a digital tool. A free market wire transfer tool, if you will.
Lately its only purpose has been currency speculation, by folks who have no knowledge or business doing such speculation. The good thing though, is that this got the word out. A great many more people know about bitcoin now than they did a week ago, a month ago, etc. This will drive adoption. New exchanges are coming, real experts are getting involved, businesses are being formed. This is all good for bitcoin.
This whole crash is just silly and temporary. Who knows the true market value of bitcoin, but I do think its eventual value will be much more than it is being exchanged for today, or yesterday, or last week.
I bought bitcoins when they were below $4. In that time they have dropped to below $1, and obviously gone much higher. The circus lately has been highly entertaining, but I'm in it for the long haul. I want to be able to use them to buy things. I am pretty sure that will come to fruition, more so than you can do right now anyway.
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:12:56
|When did that happen? Lowest I saw after the 33 rise was $1.5?
Maybe it was around $1.5, don't really remember exactly. I do remember it dropping pretty low below what I purchased it at, hovered around $1 for a bit. It was a couple years ago when I bought it. However, it did "crash" to 20-25% of its value at the time.
@_date: 2013-04-19 00:26:54
It really is a currency. It has value to purchase goods and services, etc.
It is analogous to speculating on the price differential between the Dollar and the Euro. You buy Euros for so many Dollars, and hope the exchange rate goes up, and if it does you exchange back to Dollars and you have made money.
They are not shares of anything, they are discreet units with a finite supply. They only have value because some people say they have value. Just like a dollar bill. It is just a piece of paper and has very little intrinsic value on its own. If enough people agree that these pieces of paper (or strings of numbers in bitcoins case) have value, then they do.
All any currency is, is just a shared belief that some token represents value to trade for goods and services. Bitcoin is a token of value that can be securely traded between computers.
A bitcoin is just a digital dollar bill, so to speak. You can trade so many dollar bills for so many bitcoins, and vice versa.
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:49:58
Hah! Wow, now thats a tip. Way to go Satoshi, or whatever your name is. I'm sure the OP is a bit confused right about now lol.
@_date: 2013-12-20 08:31:45
He used the word correctly, what is so cringe worthy about it? He referenced hackers making bitcoin (correct usage) and a hacker who worked on P2P technology (correct usage.)
He seems to get it, and knows the terminology. I think a bitcoin and silk road documentary are in good hands.
Also, its fucking *Bill S. Preston, Esquire,* dude.
@_date: 2013-04-18 20:54:17
Lol ya but it was awesome anyway! 
@_date: 2013-10-04 08:47:59
Why wouldn't the NSA have 5-10 racks of servers all running many many many virtual servers, all being nodes? Of course they do, they are the NSA, it is their job to do this. I would even say its likely they control *most* of the nodes on Tor. They *designed* Tor to be a conduit of some of the juciest information there is.
Onion routing is flawed from the get go in this scenario. If the weakest link in the protocol is being attacked by someone with some large percentage of the nodes, it is flawed and insecure. The NSA's data centers are legendary hives of computing power.
There is no doubt about it, they would be a very stupid agency if they didn't control the vast majority of Tor nodes. The NSA is not stupid.
@_date: 2013-12-18 01:02:51
You completely and totally misunderstand the purpose, functionality and use of Tor.
If you can shut down any arbitrary site because you don't like it, others can shut down any arbitrary site because *they* don't like it.
Whose laws are you abiding by when you want sites shut down? Who has the authority to shut something down? Can the Saudi government shut down a porn site? Can the government of Singapore shut down a site selling medical marijuana to those with a doctors prescription?
How about dissidents in Syria posting news updates?
You either have total anonymity for all involved, or you do not. It cannot be selective according to some moral code *you* have, or some body of laws *others* have.
You seem to have a problem with drugs. Fine. Others do not, and believe consenting adults should be able to do what they want with their bodies. Who is right? Who gets to control the off switch? If you have that control, than so does everyone else, including governments, secret police, organized crime, etc.
I get it, you don't like anonymity, unless its for what *you* think is ok. Fortunately, others disagree.
@_date: 2013-04-11 23:53:42
That is exactly my point. It happens all the time, the mechanisms are already in place. They do it safely, on a huge scale. Why would they alter their current business practices to adopt something new?
Once its established, sure. For now, they'll just call their bank ceo buddies and launder as usual.