@_author: silverspiritlife
@_date: 2013-03-16 12:28:02
Haha, wow, you have some real issues my friend.
I do have a job, but I'm in my early 20s, I don't earn much, and I live paycheck to paycheck. One time my boss went away for the weekend and he forgot to pay me. Instead of going hungry I thought I'd make a request on the part of Reddit where people ask for pizza, intending to pay it forward a couple times when I got paid. 
If you think that completely honest request is a posting history that indicates that I'd make up a story about my grandmothers funeral to try and dishonestly obtain Bitcoins then honestly I think you are pretty crazy.
Also, how the hell is this supposed to get me Bitcoins anyway? There is absolutely nothing in the post that would indicate it was a ploy to get Bitcoins.  At no point in the post do I even hint at financial hardship. I even play down the emotional significance of her passing, pointing out that although we were sad it wasn't a tragic bereavement. Do you think that I'd planned to get Bitcoins out of sympathy or something? Who the hell is going to give a grown man money because his 90+ year old grandmother died? Or do you think that it was my masterplan to get 2 or 3 satoshis from the tipping app? Hey maybe if all my relatives die I'll manage to get a whole dollar together?
If you don't believe the story, I can understand that. There are a couple of unusual coincidences in there. What I don't understand is how you can possibly think it is a way to dishonestly obtain money. It literally makes no sense, but you say it is "pretty fucking obvious". It's crazy. In fact I don't know why I am even typing all this because you are clearly just one of those guys who believes bizarre things because you have no grasp of logic, and it's probably a waste of time to even reason with you.
@_date: 2013-03-16 16:27:00
I'm a web content writer rather than a fiction writer, but I understand if you don't believe the story. As I said in another post, there are some surprising coincidences in there. I don't get why you are calling me a troll though. Isn't a troll someone who posts inflammatory or offensive things in order to deliberately agitate people? Or has the meaning expanded to include anyone who lies on the internet? 
@_date: 2013-03-16 05:09:25
Well you guess wrong you retard. Please show me the part where I asked for Bitcoin from anyone. You have some fucking nerve. I know there is a tipping app on here but I don't have it installed or whatever, so that guy down there who left a tip won't get it claimed. Man you are an asshole, if you said that shit to my face I'd knock your teeth out.
@_date: 2013-03-16 12:34:16
Well the thought did cross my mind too, haha, but I bought the coins specifically to pay him so I wouldn't have had them to begin with. I also made a couple of hundo from my own small personal stash of coins so I'm all good from the price increase. 
@_date: 2013-03-16 05:14:58
I dunno if you've ever buried someone (I'm guessing not) but first off:
1. A couple of grand is a VERY cheap funeral.
2. None of us are rich, we live in a town that got hit hard by economic collapse. However a funeral is kind of an essential and families tend to pitch in together to pay for it. I guess you'd rather we buried her ourselves in the woods in a garbage bag, huh?
@_date: 2013-03-17 03:20:58
It was her time. She'd reached a grand old age, had a happy life, and was surrounded by people she loved. She even died peacefully. Of course it's never nice when someone you love dies. But death is a part of life. Sometimes people die tragically. Too young, or too suddenly, or unnecessarily. This wasn't like that. Of course we were very sad to see her go. No one likes to see someone they love die. Still, I think it's pretty asinine to make judgements about how I'm dealing with the bereavement of a much loved relative based on a few internet posts. I doubt you'd have said anything like the things you are saying if you'd have been living in my parents' house the last few weeks. Of course it's easy for you to say whatever you like and make as many ill informed judgements as you want. You don't have to be here, you never knew the woman who died, and you don't have to look me in the eye. If any of those things were different, you'd be singing a very different tune. Unless of course you really are a pathetic sociopath. But I suspect that's just your internet persona.
@_date: 2013-02-14 05:40:10
How can you look at your children in the eye knowing you are gambling their future? You make me sick, you greedy idiot.
You might as well have taken it all to vegas and put it on red.
@_date: 2013-03-16 12:30:02
I appreciate that.