@_author: simim
@_date: 2015-01-23 21:55:05


Except that's now how it will work, nor has it ever worked. The point of government is that you pay taxes to them for them to continue functioning, and they provide services to benefit you not only when you're in full function, but ALSO when you're broke, jobless, or in other similar shit holes.
Government is supposed to have your back, so to speak. You pay in and help others under the premise that when you can't pay in, that collective payment as well as everyone else's helps you out. 
Libertarians, from what I've experienced, have a great idealistic view of the world. Their plans would work... if we all had money! Sadly not everyone can just "pay for what they want to do" so easily. I'd love to go back to school but I also need to have a roof over my head so I need a job, which so far I've yet to find one that allows me full time hours for bills as well as the time needed to study and attend classes.
@_date: 2015-01-23 21:48:43
Who would want to be a citizen of only one country?
@_date: 2015-01-23 23:21:25
By no means did I state it was voluntary, nor is it benevolent. It's simply the lesser evil.
Government ceases to exist. Chaos erupts, but that would settle down. People would form into small communities and groups and establish rules and standards. If they do it right, they may very well sustain a self-contained set of resources.
However, what will most likely happen is that either due to lack of planning, disaster, or just sheer greediness, the community will run out of resources. From there on, it's either disperse and find new communities, or begin to take from other locations.
So the small group might raid another group's stuff. That other group might fight back. Maybe group A decides to fight back, or maybe they merge to pool resources.
Over time, this cycle of scarcity-conflict-merging/annihilation just gets bigger and bigger until you hit geographical features, such as mountain ranges, oceans, deserts, etc that cannot be easily traversed. The group is too big to function as a group now and inner conflicts will perhaps be more numerous than in the beginning. Civil disputes may break out. Somewhere in all this, one person or a small group of people are going to come up with an idea that will stop this. People will give them respect and power because they assume that these people are smarter/better than them.
Tada, we're back to where we started. The idea of government is not only natural, but inevitable. **HOWEVER** it's also only part of a cycle, and I feel that in order to function properly as a large mass of people, we need to continuously engage in that cycle, by questioning/reforming/destroying our governments as necessary and allowing fresh ones to arise from the ashes.
I'm not even going into great depth on something that should be considered: the fact that frankly, many people do not wish to lead or govern themselves. Lots of people are just fine having someone else call the shots in -insert aspect of life here- so they can focus on things they want to do. Maybe someone really likes art and they couldn't care less who's in charge as long as they can draw/paint/etc
@_date: 2015-01-24 00:29:09
Humanity *did* survive for hundreds of thousands of years, in small numbers frequently succumbing to things such as famine, disease, predators, and exposure to the elements. We don't have to worry about those nearly as much as we needed to back then, and there are 7 billion people living on the planet.
@_date: 2015-01-29 17:36:20
No one has any "rights," period. "Rights" are something we came up with as a collective community.
@_date: 2015-01-24 21:58:19
By the very nature of free riding, it ceases to work when everybody jumps on. A significant majority of people *have* to be working, paying, etc for free riding to operate.
Additionally, *everyone* is not inherently lazy. Sure, if you gave me a week or two off I could slack hardcore... but when you run out of shit to do, you have nothing to spend and nobody wants to come play video games because they're being productive, it gets old quick. Some people are lazier than others. 
Some people are *always* going to cheat the system, but it's not reasonable, logical, or ethical to fuck over a whole group of people because of a few outliers.
@_date: 2015-01-23 21:41:17
I support breaking the law to get access to relevant and informative news.
But I get what you're saying.
@_date: 2015-01-24 01:57:04
I'm down with a country without borders.
@_date: 2015-01-23 23:54:25
Ideally, that would be wonderful! 
However I get what you're saying and realize the problems that would arise from such a thing.
@_date: 2015-01-24 20:02:53
Why should a few free riders here and there be an issue anyway?
@_date: 2015-01-24 01:53:11
I don't think you aren't human. I just don't appreciate the way I've had self-professed libertarians keep talking to me like the nation's going to improve with private organizations and businesses keeping every thing in check when private organizations and businesses are a large reason why our system's so fucked right now. People without money to be on the same level as people with money keep getting ignored and that's becoming a larger and larger chunk of the population. 
Level out income inequality and we'd be fine; everyone is on equal standing to vote and participate without larger concerns like whether or not they'll have food for the week... but taking from the rich who "earned their money fair and square" is kind of the opposite of a free market principle. Capitalism and laissez-faire markets work for everyone if, and only if, there were an abundance of resources to ensure all would have a chance to enter and participate. Otherwise, capitalism in a world where scarcity exists will inherently create a class system of those who prosper, those who prosper the most, and those who do not prosper at all.
@_date: 2015-02-01 10:47:17
Debts are business.
It is unwise to mix business and friendship. Personally, any friend I have that I would do anything on the level of "debt-worthy" for  is already at a point where we've both helped each other out so many times there's no keeping track of who owes who.
Anyone else, the debt becomes business, wherein I'll do all in my ability to get my money back.
Generally speaking, though, I do not lend money to people I know won't/can't pay me back any time soon. 
Anywho I just came here to say it's very likely they have many friends; they just might not play a game of "you owe me" with them.
@_date: 2015-02-01 14:26:40
And what I was saying is that they might very well be a trustworthy person to the right people. 
And how was that a joke? I must be so far out of orbit they stopped including me in the lineup.