@_author: simongray
@_date: 2014-03-11 15:59:12
_Investment_ bank, not a normal bank.
@_date: 2013-12-23 16:19:44
Singapore's economic growth is attributed to its government's active industrial policy. You claiming that it is successful _despite_ government intervention is going against a huge amount of academic research into the subject.
Honestly, you don't know what you're talking about. For years, China's communist party has been sending government officials to Singapore for training. They do this because Singapore is a single-party, state-directed economy with a consistently high GDP growth rate. China sees Singapore as the future version of itself.
Singapore is similar to South Korea and Japan in that the government has played a huge role in the economy, providing long-term planning and government investments into specific industries (the process of industrial upgrading). There is nothing free-market or laissez-faire about this approach, it is in fact the opposite.
@_date: 2013-12-23 16:54:37
I'm not sure why you keep ignoring everything else I say, and focus on repeating some point about taxes. In Hong Kong, widely regarded as a the most laissez-faire economy in the world, there is a debate on how to best emulate Singapore, because it seems like government industrial policy has positively benefitted that country.
You know what? I have a degree in this shit from Copenhagen Business School. I read and write Chinese. I know the economic history of these East Asian countries. I can tell you the different theories business scholars and economists have developed about them. I have lived, travelled and studied in Asia.
And it is clear to me that you're just some guy who is convinced libertarianism is the way and is not willing to have an actual conversation about this.
@_date: 2013-12-23 14:27:43
Singapore has low taxes and has what many would call pro-business policies.
However, calling it economically free is a stretch, though, as Singapore is a far cry from what typical conservatives or libertarians imagine that to be. A huge portion of the Singapore economy is state-owned and the government is famous for central planning of the economy and directly interfering using industrial targeting (i.e. government picking winners rather than the market doing so).