@_author: simonkreeft
@_date: 2014-02-26 12:08:05
Those that are selling Bitcoin are selling something that has almost zero value besides the possibility that people may want it for a higher price.
The money that is made with bitcoin is indeed coming from free-will transactions at prices at which both parties agree. But in the end speculations have to end with cashing out or crashing out. 
Those that are holding Bitcoins will only have made money if they effectively sell them for a higher price. This price is only driven by the believe it will make you rich. There is no other value behind bitcoin besides an idea or a promise. 
the "logic" you seek behind bread is BS, because bread is something with a realistic value. I value the bread at $2 because I can eat it for $2 worth. There is no gain in bread, but there is use for it. There is no use in bitcoin as it is.
"That single idea will make you broke."
It only makes me not gaining or loosing money on risky investments.
"Bitcoin is supported by millions of users, and they all have different ideas of what bitcoin is."
99% of bitcoin users have the exact same ideas: an investment, a get rich quick scheme. The other 1% is ideology.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:28:16
This is something I quote from u/Soltheron
"...The setup of Bitcoins relies on a bigger fool to be left with all the bitcoins when they're not worth anything..."
The money doesn't magically appear out of nowhere. It comes from those losing it. In the end, all money gained out of bitcoin will be at cost of those stuck with bitcoins when it's worthless.
The only value a bitcoin has is the idea that it will automatically make you rich.
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:04:31
I feel for you, I really do. People on r/bitcoin have a way to make it look like there is free money in bitcoins to be made. The truth is that those making money on bitcoin are making it of the ones that are losing it. The ones making money also can afford to lose some once in a while.
You're still young, you'll make it out of this I'm sure! Just don't get fooled again.