@_author: simonthsorcerer
@_date: 2014-04-20 19:26:49
Bitcoin.cc is a scam! I’ve been trying to warn my visitors at Simon’s Gambling Blog for 2-3 months now.
If you look here:
and at the bottom it is among the blacklisted, rouge bitcoin casinos (a list I will continue to expand).
Why are they a scam? First of all, if you use a free backlins checker and check the kind of links pointing to the site. You will see they are disgusting spammers. Spamming every bitcoin, gambling, sports betting and other types of forums.
They are spammers. You can never trust spammers.
Secondly, the owner knows nothing about managing online casinos and there is no real capital (money) behind the casino (common problem among new bitcoin casino startups). So if you win really big chances are the casino will go bankrupt instantly (which is what probably happened).
Thirdly, “award winning” ?!? I have to laugh. As a gambling blogger I monitor gambling startups closely and this joke of a casinos is only about 4 months old (check Wayback machine, the internet archive machine if you don’t believe me) and the website has “award winning” on it since the first day. What a joke (as big of a joke as the casino itself).
Stay away from this rouge bitcoin casino and share an like this article so the word gets out. The more people knows about this the better.
/Btw, Bitoomba the biggest and oldest bitcoin casino is struggling too as of late. They have started to let go staff and they are not responding when I’m trying to reach them trough email or trough the contact form on their website. I’m not sure what’s going on but take care. Better to be safe than sorry. I guess MT. Gox and under $ 400 bitcoin is not exactly good for the bitcoin gambling industry./
Please share and like this article. The more people know about this scam the better. Think of it as public service 
I hope as many people read this as possible.
If Katz ever reads this: I would like to publish your story too on my blog to raise awareness about this scam. I feel like this is my duty as a gambling blogger committed to safe and responsible gambling.
Btw. They are not the only scam around here. Look at the fake reviews of Coinbet.cc I have to laugh
These guys are such sell outs. The fact that these monkeys call themselves gambling bloggers makes me ashamed, that I have a gambling blog myself. I bet they have never ever played in it and the review was written by an outsourced copywriter in India.
Sadly the world of bitcoin gambling is full of scammers and it doesn’t stoop at coinbet.cc. All the so called bitcoin gambling bloggers are scammers and sellouts. Just check the links above. I entirely lost my confidence in bitcoin gambling.
If you scratch the surface the world of bitcoin gambling is really ugly.
If you see one scam you might think it’s like a dying patient whom you can save but in reality it is a rotten corpse dead for months. I’m going to take down the bitcoin casino section on my blog very soon for this very reason and substitute it with a general bitcoin gambling information website and a bitcoin casino blacklist.
Simon from Simon’s Gambling Blog
@_date: 2014-07-27 11:53:15
Downvotes, why?
The guide contains zero ads for bitcoin casinos (there are some banner ads on the website, but that's sitewide, I can't turn them off for just one blog post, and they are not Bitcoin casinos).
It warns people about common bitcoin  scams, and provide you with means to check any bitcoin casino.
It took me 3  weeks to put this together.
Please help me understand why you are downvoting this so I can improve it.
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:59:19
Indeed but the lack of regulation leads to good things as well. 
Creative new games, not just the same old, the same old as always.
Most regular online casinos are a dime a dozen, and they are soulless copycats of each other.
Bitcoin casinos at least have a soul and a distinct flavour and personality with real differences, specialties and yes true weaknesses as well. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 12:55:51
After working with Bitcoin casinos (I no longer do) for nearly two years. I thought somebody needs to "address the elephant in the room":
- lot of scams, barely any genuine bitcoin casinos
- darkweb connection 
- fake reviews, fake review blogs
- no repercussion for illegal activity 
- lot of hackers 
- "spammers spamming spammers" as the defining attribute of the bitcoin gambling community
I just wanted to tell the truth. Somebody has to.
@_date: 2014-07-27 13:13:18
I have grudge against the bitcoin casinos I have worked for and I have a grudge against lying bitcoin casino blogs publishing fake reviews and advertising known scammer bitcoin casinos. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 16:53:15
Care to share the URL of your website? I would like to take a look. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 13:47:54
@_date: 2014-03-05 17:56:15
Yes, you are right. It is illegal in most states but not all of them. Fixed
@_date: 2014-07-27 17:03:39


Not really. Check here: 
Of course it's not like Hollywood and most of them only work offline or in a live dealer casino. But advantage gambling methods are real and they work. 
@_date: 2014-04-30 08:47:58
As it is described by the Secretary of State's office, the measure shall "license and regulate marijuana production, distribution, and possession for persons over twenty-one; remove state-law criminal and civil penalties for activities that it authorizes; tax marijuana sales; and earmark marijuana-related revenues."
This measure removes state-law prohibitions against producing, processing, and selling marijuana, subject to licensing and regulation by the liquor control board; allow limited possession of marijuana by persons aged twenty-one and over; and impose 25% excise taxes on wholesale and retail sales of marijuana, earmarking revenue for purposes that include substance-abuse prevention, research, education, and healthcare. Laws prohibiting driving under the influence would be amended to include maximum thresholds for THC blood concentration
@_date: 2014-04-20 17:58:42
Btw. Look at the fake reviews of Coinbet.cc :) I have to laugh
These guys are such sell outs. The fact that these monkeys call themselves gambling bloggers makes me ashamed, that I have a gambling blog myself. I bet they have never ever played in it and the review was written by an outsourced copywriter in India.
@_date: 2014-04-20 19:18:27
The site closed down. They are out of business so this is the end of them. Hopefully...
