@_author: simpleproblem
@_date: 2016-03-03 02:42:07
Thanks.  I just noticed that too.  This is just a throwaway account, hence the flair and no post history.  I suppose it kinda makes sense to prevent new users from scamming others, but that would probably make more sense in a subreddit meant for trading.
Edit: It looks like this is due to a fear of pumping, dumping, FUDing, etc. 
@_date: 2016-03-03 05:08:46
Thanks for the very informative reply!
I wasn't aware of STXO or the pruning, so I'll have to read up on those a bit more.
If in the future if older blocks are forgotten by the network, would the UTXO set need to be saved in place of the forgotten blocks?  It sounds like the initial sync could eventually be replaced with a checkpoint block along with the UTXO set as of that block.
Previously the new user would be required to trust the genesis block.  With this new approach they would need to trust the checkpoint block + checkpoint UTXO instead.  (The genesis block would be the first checkpoint block with a corresponding empty UTXO set)  Of course a succinct hash of this data could be delivered in place of the UTXO set and the UTXO set would just be downloaded BitTorrent-style like you said.
Am I understanding this correctly?
@_date: 2016-03-03 03:46:30
I did not read the paper so these probably won't make sense...
* Automatic Mathematically Enforced Regulation: Why Bitcoin is the Next Generation of Regulation.
* Irrelevant Irregular Regulation
* Bitcoin: The Amazing Self Regulating Currency
I hereby declare that all copyright and ownership for these titles now belongs to Mortealonge with no attribution to me necessary. ;)
@_date: 2016-03-03 03:45:11
Thanks for the post! :D
Regarding $40.00 - your point is well taken.  It would make this more like indivisible gold than a daily currency and therefore not work.  I think it may be interesting to see an altcoin do this, but yes as you point out, it would not work for bitcoin.
Regarding compression, I'm not suggesting to compress it over and over.  Obviously a compression algorithm would be unable to work in all situations.  For any compression algorithm, I can provide an input that would increase in size rather than decrease, otherwise it would not be lossless.  So I assume that the transactions are already in a compressed form (or in a form where compression will not yield any additional savings).