@_author: sincitylife
@_date: 2013-05-02 07:40:08
I repaid my first load early.  It's time for round 2:
I realize that there are definitely more defaults than winners and I find that very sad;  especially for us noobs venturing into this new digital economy known as Bitcoin.  Please exercise your utmost diligence and please do not place all your bets on one horse. 
With BTCJam - diversification is crucial.  I appreciate everyone who decided not to give in to those btcjam-scammers by not letting a few sour grapes spoil it for the rest of us honest btcjammers.  I will be sure to pay it forward as always.  Cheers.  :^D
@_date: 2013-05-02 07:07:54
Hey fellow reddit posters:  "A Pay It Forward Micro Loan 2"
Same as always:  I'm good for it and I will attempt to pay it off early.  Thank you and I'll be sure to pay it forward!  Mark.
@_date: 2013-05-02 01:32:20
Thu 2May2013 Update:  I have decided to pay off my loan a bit early &amp; pay it forward as promised.  I will start loaning out to my fellow BTCJam members.  Sadly, there seem to be a lot more scammers than honest BTCJammers...which is really unfair to those honest BTJammers out there just beginning to earn some trust/street cred.  
Please practice diligence and do not let these scammers fool you.  Make sure they are an active member outside your btcjam network...such as on reddit or even facebook...you get what I'm saying.  Thank you for allowing me to participate in the new weird thing called the Bitcoin Economy!  I find it all very exhilerating.  Cheers and I'll see you all around, eh?  L8R.  Mark.
@_date: 2013-04-22 23:45:13
23APR2013 TUE 4:36PM - So far it's been an ordinary day.  But this doesn't stop me from trading.  Methinks I'm developing a simple but effective technique:  1)Non-volatile days - arbitrage via the LTC/BTC support/ceiling spread. (2)Volatile days - use the BTC/USD up/down trend to arbitrage.  So far I've done only 8 arbitrages in the past 9 days &amp; see my .15 btc bankroll grow to .184 btc.  L8R.  
@_date: 2013-05-02 01:00:50
Hi holyoak...I haven't heard from you in a few days.  I didn't think to check my reddit e-mail...oops.  Anyhow...I decided to pay you off early.  I would like to pay you 10% instead of 5%...but the BTCJam website doesn't allow me pay you "extra".  But my method are successful...only if I had a bigger bankroll to play with...but I did learn a lot and of course I made lots of mistakes...but no regrets!  I can't wait to do this again!  Best regards holyoak.  Thanks for your trust in a total stranger...wow!  I'll be sure to pay it forward. 
@_date: 2013-04-14 09:51:30
Thank you for taking a chance on me holyoak.  I will pm you shortly!  I will put your investment to work on the BTC-E and keep you all posted on if my trading model succeeds.  I'm very excited and I'm betting that the LTC/BTC volatility can indeed be exploited.  Stay tuned as I work my magic!  I trade as Bitcoinsky at the BTC-E.  Cheers!
@_date: 2013-07-14 22:01:25
The blockchain is an electronic ledger that floats in the Cloud = Full Transparency.  That's something that our Banking System&amp;Gov't doesn't have...we the people can't even get an audit of Fort Knox!  
I did not claim that BTC should be pegged to fiat money...because All Goods &amp; Services are already "pegged" to fiat money.  Incidently,  BTC I think is still inherently inflationary because bitcoin is actually a "fractal" currency...but this might ironically be a good thing because there would be enough bitcoins for 7 billion inhabitants. I agree that current exchanges like Mt Gox isn't the best solution to BTC worldwide acceptance because of the btc to fiat price volatility.  What i'm promoting is a new way to keep score that takes a snapshot of a transaction between buyer&amp;seller: Btc-Fiat-Spacetime price agreed by both seller&amp;buyer.  This transaction is recorded in the blockchain(full-transparency)...so there is no wiggle room for fraud/manipulation because the blockchain can be audited by anyone.
"Also, what good is pegging against fiat exchange rate in today when trying to value against a future fiat exchange rate?"  
You're still thinking of bitcoin as a commodity rather than a medium for exchange.  Futures trading only deal with commodities.  Btc should not be treated as a commodity!  There is no intrinsic value in btc or fiat money...it's just a ledger to record a transaction in a blockchain. 
BTC is really merely an instrument such as a guitar or pencil.  Btc is more like a derivative...it gets its value elsewhere(such as from a hamburger or fiat money).  
And to be honest,  everything is priced in fiat money right now...even bitcoins. The fiat price of btc is volatile because speculators treat btc as a commodity when bitcoin should be considered simply a medium of exchange.  Pegging a BTC-FIAT blockchain transaction to SpaceTime would protect everyone from daily price swings varying from 5%-20% !  I would rather have a stable btc than one that changes value everyday wouldn't you?  This is a big problem to retailors and  customers.  What if the price of gas changed from 5%-20% everyday?  People would go crazy and abandon the US Dollar.  But we see this volatility at Mt Gox...meaning we have a paradox: Fiat Money is more stable than BTC !!!  Why?
Conclusion:   We need a better ruler/measuring stick. The Metric system was invented to standardise units &amp; measures resulting in a more stable and better organized form of  commerce.   The Metric system is "pegged" to a standardised use of weights &amp; measures...and it works!  Nobody will accept bitcoins until there is more stability. 
Metaphorically:  a gram must remain a gram &amp; a meter should remain a meter...to ensure stability/reliability/predictablility/less confusion. Locking(pegging) the BTC/Fiat Redemption value in spacetime(when spent) will in fact remove speculation and promote worldwide acceptance &amp; confidence using cryptos.  
This might require a better 3rd party Escrow interface payment clearing house system synced with the blockchain to settle/preserve all btc/fiat accounts from day to day btc-fiat money price swings that is currently a plague to the bitcoin protocol.  We all can pretend that we can price everything in BTC...but the Truth is that everything will continue to be priced in Fiat Gov't Issued Money for a few more decades at least.  So cryptos should be viewed merely as an electronic cloud payment system "measuring stick".  Perhaps the bitcoin protocol isn't enough...maybe a better crypto currency needs to be created...we can call it STC,"SpaceTime Coin".  
@_date: 2013-04-14 07:35:15
If you have any questions - I've got answers!
@_date: 2013-05-04 17:42:00
SAT 04May2013 Update:
I'm pleased to announce that I paid off the "A Pay It Forward Micro Loan 2" in less than 5 days.  It's time to execute A Pay It Forward Micro Loan 3:  5% ROI in 30 days or less!
@_date: 2013-05-02 01:22:12
Hey holyoak...it's all good my friend...i'm glad that I'm not the only noob on Reddit!  I agree...there are way too many defaults than honest borrowers. Too many scammers...so sad.  I've been reading all about the BTCJam scammers on bitcointalk.  But I haven't given up on BTCJam just yet.  I'll pay it forward as promised.  As we speak I have re-invested a small portion of my success at btc trading out as a micro-loan/investment!  YOLO.  Lulz.  May peace &amp; blessings be upon you my friend! Oh, and thanks again holyoak. Cheers!  Mark Magill.  
@_date: 2013-03-27 00:31:51
Of course it does!  But if you have any positive suggestions...all of you have my attention!  I'm improving my website every day and soon I will have bitcoin payments more fully integrated.  Everyone's a critic, eh?
@_date: 2013-03-24 00:26:51
Sure you can!  Just use  to convert your BTC to USD.  :^D
@_date: 2013-04-20 05:05:05
19APR2013 Newsflash:  I have already earned a 5.5% profit in 22 minutes on one of my arbitrages(I have done several so far)!  But I'm not finished yet.  But holyoak: if you would like me to pay you the .1575 btc that I owe you now...please don't hesitate to contact me.  Methinks that I'm far from finished yet:  If you allow me until the 5th of May,2013, I will pay you 6% or even 7% instead of the original 5%...depending on my win/loss ratio in the coming days of course. So far, everything is kosher!  Hi 5.  Best regards. Mission accomplished.
@_date: 2013-07-14 07:05:45
I think speculators are killing the bitcoin economy.  Speculators can corner the btc market and influence it's price.  With a btc payment system that locks in the btc to fiat exchange/redemption ratio indefinitely...speculation will be out of the equation.  We would finally have a crypto that everyone can trust.
@_date: 2013-07-14 05:51:48
I agree with Mr. Keiser that bitcoin must be pegged to ensure stability.  Bitcoin should be pegged to whatever price you paid for btc in fiat at time of purchase.    Btc will be redeemed for exactly the amount you paid at time of purchase.  So your btc-fiat will basically be pegged in space-time.   Of course this doesn't protect you from losing purchasing power of fiat money...what btc does offer is de-centralized anonymous transactions with lower fees.
@_date: 2013-05-04 17:30:52
I need your help building trust within the BTCJam community. For your participation: I guarantee 5% ROI. Please keep in mind that I will try to pay off the loan early. Thanks for your consideration. I will surely pay it forward.
Note: I paid off the last 30-day loan early &amp; in less than 5 days!
I am currently paying it forward by investing back into the BTCJam community.
@_date: 2013-07-15 00:34:44
Civilization have been using ratios for thousands of years. At Present day, Boeing 777 airplanes are manufactured in many countries...so the parts must be made perfectly before assembly. They use the Metric System to coordinate this global orchestra. 
Bitcoin is attempting to standardise the value of "sweat equity" via integration of an elegant payment system on a global scale...just like what the Metric System did with units&amp;measures.
Just imagine paying for a Foot long Subway Sandwich and receiving only 11 inches? Confusion! This is what is happening with Bitcoin exchanges today - the bitcoin is not standardised/pegged.   It's akin to saying you have 10 ounces - 10 ounces of what?  Without a standard system of reference(peg) - it's very difficult to put a price on value.
What I recommend is that we use a newer btc-fiat-spacetime "floating peg" standard: A bitcoin/fiat/space-time floating ratio "price" that is locked in until redemption. Think of this "btc-fiat-spacetime" ratio as a warehouse receipt that remains valid until it is redeemed. After redemption: the "btc-fiat-spacetime" warehouse receipt should be "voided" via un-pegging the btc so it can be recycled back into the economy and be re-pegged to another commodity.
 If you sold an ounce of gold for a warehouse receipt(money)&gt;&gt;&gt; you should be able to redeem/derive  that warehouse receipt for exactly the same amount of gold in the future(minus a small transaction fee). This is known as currency stability. So far, the most stable form of currency for the past 10,000 years was gold &amp; silver! The last sound currency was called the "tally stick".  Gold, silver, and the tally stick shared one fundamental ability:  Storage of Value.
From what I have just outlined: wouldn't you agree with my definition of currency stability? Remember, bitcoin should be considered merely a medium of exchange - not as a commodity. Like any warehouse receipt - bitcoin ideally should be considered a derivative that has zero intrinsic value(it's not a commodity). 
Value("sweat equity") should be derived from the actual commodity that you paid for. That reciprocal warehouse receipt's derived "storage of value" should remain the same until redemption. Bitcoin-Fiat-Spacetime ledgers would be the new digital "tally stick". Of course, the bitcoin revolution will not be fully realized until the crypto-currency acquires stability.  2+2 should never be allowed to equal 5  ever again!
@_date: 2013-04-21 05:30:47
Thank you.  I will never use OKPAY!
@_date: 2013-07-14 07:52:05
Mined btc should be pegged to a btc-fiat exchange/redemption ratio at time of purchase. Price of btc is determined by Mt Gox but price fluctuates because btc isn't pegged to anything!  Of course the blockchain records everything...so full transparency is already built-into btc.  We just need an API or New BTC Payment system(like "paypal" for btc) that can extrapolate the blockchain and process the transaction seamlessly in the background without the customer ever even realizing it.  When the customer pays for a hamburger with fiat money...the newly devised btc payment system  will facilitate the transaction anonymously and all accounts  would be cleared at a Mt Gox/PayPal/Escrow hybrid payment system.  Since all blockchain transactions and newly mined bitcoins will be pegged to space-time(btc-fiat mt gox price at time of purchase for example)...btc currency stability becomes a reality.  So in a way...the hamburger is priced in btc-fiat space-time ratio so that the instrinsic value extracted from that hamburger remains preserved until redemption.  Of course this will kill all the speculators(that's a good thing)...and keeps bitcoin functioning as sound money.
Who would be against this?  The Banking Cartel currently has cornered the market on payment systems and will try to kill btc.
The Gold Standard was not a silly idea  because it would have prevented unlimited money printing and inflationary credit expansion.  Inflation of the money supply causes higher demand(higher bids) for a  finite supply. America was much better off before August 1971.    What retailers want is a quick reliable payment system with low transaction fees.  Bitcoin should not be considered a commodity...but as sound currency to facilitate a convenient low cost transactioin between customer and retailer.
@_date: 2013-04-17 01:39:07
16APR2013 CRYPTO ARBITRAGE UPDATE: Lots of volatility after the horrible Mass. Marathon incident yesterday.  BTC dropped from $99 to $50 and is currently at 66USD at time of this update.  In retrospect: I should have shorted BTC at $97 and covered at $55.  The volatility lies in the crypto/usd ratio. The swing within 24hrs was at least 44%!!!  Crypto/Alternative Crypto is amazingly stable.  This means that Alternative Cryptos are tightly "pegged" against the BTC.  Volatility can only be exploited via the Crypto/USD swings...as much as 7%-26% spanning only within a few hours!  Right now I'm trying to exploit the micro-spread between cryptos...i'm talking about less that 5% here.  I might hafta lower my spread to 2.5% because of the amazing stability between cryptos.  I have my buys out but nobody's biting yet.  Stay tuned as the magic unfolds...
@_date: 2013-04-14 08:35:20
BTCJam uses "reputation" similar to the "web of trust".  Credentials are also verified by the BTCJam associates.  So BTCJam basically also operates like a credit bureau...where positive/negative ratings and comments are provided.  Since credentials are verified:  it really encourages potential investors to take his/her offer more seriously.  Ultimatley there is no recourse(in the form of a collection agency) for the lender(s) if the loan goes into default.  BTCJam recommends that all investors diversify their "bets" among many btcjam loans to hedge their risks.  I hope this helps.  
@_date: 2013-04-21 21:18:32
21Apr2013 Sunday:  there was a mini-crash this morning.  I shorted ltc at $2.62 and covered at $2.30.  It's lunch-time and ltc has recovered back to $2.56.  I noticed reading the charts that there is always a "quiet before the storm" before volatility erupts!  There is an elegant pattern emerging from the charts:  reminds me of seismic/volcanic fluctuations.  The LTC/BTC charts remind me of water ripples &amp; frequency.  I started with a .15 btc loan....I'm currently around .18 btc after 1 week of day trading!  Stay tuned as the magic unfolds...
@_date: 2013-04-14 21:23:31
Thank you holyoak...you have a lot of great insight!  I'm putting your btc to work right this moment at the btc-e.  Right now the volatility ain't quite there yet...so far I've seen a 9.6% spread between ltc/btc in the past 24hrs.  That is something I can work with.  Yes I agree holyoak, volatility is a double-edged sword...I can lose my pants off If sentiments are swayed against my bets on CNBC.  I hear they plan to add a btc ticker now!  My fear right now is that it's stabilizing to quickly...I need that volatility back!