@_author: sine_khunrath
@_date: 2016-08-12 06:36:12
Do you trust the internet?! Can't you see it is making our lives more expensive and unsustainable? 
 
The mistrust of banks got bigger since they started to digitalise money and work with complex (sometimes unexplainable) algorithms. That's why bankers kill themselves - because they can't really predict anything - is the system that is playing with us, and not the opposite. All together, privatisation was also a problem that got worse - and now banks are feeding from the global offshore economy, mostly ilegal (and extremely facilitated by digital economy). We are working more, for less money, and forced to set our brains into the machine in order to do anything (social interaction, news, job, sex, etc). I am a journalist. It is hard to find a job, and be sure they will ask you at least 3 different tech skills (digital media is a must!). This scenario is only good for Silicon Valley, but I doubt it made us more democratic, the world safer or people richer! 
If there's a coming crisis, it will be cause by the digital market depression - and it will be big. I think we should stop with computers and go back to reality. Bitcoin is not going to makes us rich and the internet is not making us wiser... 
@_date: 2016-08-12 06:21:39
Exactly! We are in the eye of the hurricane - it's pretty obvious to me. I am 34 and already tired of living the simulacra...
Constantly brainwashed by problems, I have to say - the world is being portrait as some sort of biblical narrative of facts, totally fabricated - but it can convince a lot of delusional people. We have millions of refugees to cope, growing military, some sort of digital slavery that is ultimately making us dumb and poor and warlike (but well informed by "filter bubbles", mainly arrogant fools - sometimes I include myself in this group). 
It doesn't surprise me people become extreme having to live mediated by machines all the fucking time... I think this is the perfect time for a "change of climate" that will ultimately create a digital depression, followed by the extinction of money and our brains. Bitcoin will last, and our economy will be totally digitalized. Natural resources is also a huge problem to me, but we can't stop this "economic growth" fairytale. It is a plague!
My suggestion is to reconnect with the present, the real world, and fight the machine - " to create a non-hierarchical system of social relationships is to concentrate on the present and on releasing one's own mind from the controlling mechanisms that have been imposed on it."