@_author: sintaraw
@_date: 2017-03-07 01:47:54
For those on both sides of the debate, how do you feel about Bitcoin's fragility? Honestly.
To me, the entire premise of Bitcoin is that it is a network that may be able to survive everything short of a majority of malicious actors. That is the point of Nakamoto consensus. Deep down, it's just a bunch of people agreeing that some numbers mean something, and here we have a cryptographic system, combined with a value token, that may make it possible to trust without trust.
If Bitcoin cannot survive contention, cannot survive disagreement, then it has already failed in its mission. If you feel that a hard fork, which is ultimately the mechanism that resolves network disagreements and attacks, is fatal, then Bitcoin is dead. That's not support for a hard fork, just an observation about what this experiment is about. Without this ability, the network is completely vulnerable.
I also urge everyone to consider how a user-activated soft fork functions as an attack vector. Mining is resistant due to the economic incentives behind it, combined with proof-of-work. This is such a core element of Bitcoin. Some ideas for UASF seem to essentially function as proof-of-stake, a radically different vision for how the network would operate. Perhaps a valid one, but nevertheless a dramatic change. There seem to be other proposals that are trivial to attack, such as node-operator signaling; it boggles my mind that any serious Bitcoin proponent would forego all network security so easily.
@_date: 2017-03-07 01:48:15
Difficulty adjusts every 2016 blocks. If the 1MB chain only has 25% of its hashpower, that means blocks come out 1/4 as often, which means it takes 4x as long to reach the next adjustment.
So worst case scenario- the 75% fork happens right after an adjustment. At 1/4 rate, it will take two months to reach the next adjustment, during which time the 1MB chain will be at 1/4 transaction capacity (250KB per 10mins).
Best case would be if the 75% fork happens about 1.5 weeks into a difficulty period (about 2/3 of the way through). That gives a balance between suffering time until the next difficulty period, and having enough effect that the adjustment is significant. Some smart people have done the math on this, but it still involves at least a month or so of greatly reduced capacity.
This of course ignores that the remaining 25% of miners won't keep mining a losing chain out of spite, they will slowly switch to the BU chain. Each time one does, that means more time until another adjustment.
Now let's be honest- if 75% of the miners indicate they plan to switch to BU, the Bitcoin ecosystem WILL follow suit. And by the ecosystem I mean users, nodes, payment providers, and even other miners. The economic majority will be happily running BU, and while I'm sure a few die-hards will stay on Core, I doubt that chain would go anywhere. 