@_author: sirbitster
@_date: 2013-03-05 18:50:16
I think a nice level off is good for stability. But I would feel a lot safer with my coins in my possesion. As it stands if the value dove to 30 today I have no control over my coins and effectively lose money. If my transaction gets cancelled even tho the money is withdrawn from my acount, I lose a potential profit. Their system takes way to long, Wednesday the 27th to Tuesday the 5th.
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:53:43
Mining for gold isnt the goal, it would be an added bonus. If earths gold came from asteroids (obviously small amounts given by the way it is found dispersed and not in large 100+ lbs chunks) then there is no reason to belive it wouldnt be found in almost every asteroid or inside almost every rock planet. Maybe not everyone cause not all planets would have formed near a super nova. If mining for other resources yields a return of gold there is no reason to believe they wouldnt bring it back too. Hell, they may not even need to bring it back anywhere. Ship a towing vessel out the asteroid, use the gravity betweent he two to pull it back into the trailing orbit of earth and send your robots to work. All resources stay in space and construction of large objects (space stations, space elevators, interplanetary vessels) can begin in space at a fraction of the cost it would take to ship Earth mined materials into space (about 4k a pound of payload today).
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:26:46
If Earth's gold came from asteroids bombarding the planet (presumably during the period of heavy bombardment) during the beginning of our solar system, what makes you think Mars (a planet with an orbit less than 2 times as long as earth) was not also bombarded by these same asteroids? If mars and Earth are in the same solar system which they are, then there is no reason to believe that during their birth they were both not hit with same asteroids that gave earth its gold.
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:33:16
No, I dont see the value in storing my "money" in gold, wich only increases in value because the USD value drops. Bitcoin can act as an alternative currency that allows people on the internet to order anything they need. I cant buy shit from amazon with gold because it requires me to trade it in at some store and I would first have to buy an ouce which costs ~1600usd and is not worth it in my opinion. Gold, diamond, platinum, and silver were all given value and told they should be expensive because they are rare. But bitcoin is finite and far more versatile when it comes to buying power (not dollar per dollar, just ability). While gold is excessively useful for electronic applications I see that as being a better use for it than storing wealth. Unless we go back to using gold to buy stuff, it will eventually no longer be as valuable. It may be a rare earth metal, but that doesnt mean it isnt significantly more abundant 10 ft below the surface of the moon, or Mars.
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:40:28
Thats because humans have a fascination with shiny metal objects. Im not saying gold isnt a wonderful element, it doesnt corrode, it is a great electrical conductor, it doesnt oxidize either, and last for billions of years.
Egyptians loved it because it was pretty, no other real reason. Gold has an allure and people have always put money into it because it is a rare earth metal, because it comes from stars and had to be deposited by asteroids. If iron was more rare than gold we wouldnt use it in as many applications as we do.
Bitcoin on the other hand heralds the advent of a unified global economy with a currency that is spendable in any country without the need for exchange. Gold has to be bought in person, while bitcoin can be bought online and is far more technologically advanced than your "safe" investment in something the jewelry industry deemed valuable (like diamonds). Gold has far more real world applications than just to store wealth.
@_date: 2013-03-08 16:31:34
Coinbase charges 0.99% of your purchase with a 15c bank fee. Ive bought a handful of coins and only pay tenths of a single dollar extra per coin with them (for instance yesterday, 2.3btc totaled $98.55 after fees). Sucks it takes about 6 days per transaction for me to actually get or sell them tho. Waiting to get verified with Mt.Gox
I steared clear of bitinstant when it was evident my 500 dollar coin purchase was gonna wind up netting me almost 1 less coin from all the various fees ($20(3.99%) bitinstant, $3.95 ZipZap, plus the fee at the counter) fuck that.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:56:13
I never was attacking their beliefs. I simply stated that with the advent of space mining, we are bound to find deposits of gold, silver, platinum and the like. In doing so, that will decrease the value of their precious investment as it is no longer as rare as we had once anticipated. Bitcoins cant be mined in space on an asteroid therefore it would be the superior investment platform (based on this single fact alone). The logic is sound.
@_date: 2013-03-05 20:02:54
I think you are thinking of it in the wrong way. If bitcoins never reach a high value with and sustain it, for instance lets pretend they reach 1000$ and stay there for a year, within a few dollars. It is very important that they reach this value. If they suddenly drip to 1$ and stay there, then well, they are kinda useless so I might as well just use Paypal as there is no incentive for me to go out and buy bitcoins just to buy goods online that I could otherwise get from a different vendor for the currency I already have.
In order for bitcoins to become a global currency money has to be poored into the pool. If we could convince the world that bitcoins will help solve problems that current country backed FIAT poses, then we could all put all the cash of the world into bitcoins and then burn the FIAT, only adding to the value of bitcoins by paying individuals in fractions of bitcoins for the work they do.
Bitcoins need to be worth a good chunk of change per coin otherwise people will stop using it and return to paperbacks. Substantial growth and the rising level of value per coin is deeply rooted in making this a viable option. 21billion USD in 21million Bitcoins is a lot more valuable as a global currency than 21million in 21million Bitcoins. 
Most people are here just to "get rich quick" and they wont, and some people are here for the long haul. Seeing the value rise day by day is a good indication of the future of BTCs and shows there is real potential. If the value starts to decline day after day then we may have a problem as people obviously dont want to leave money tied up in them and would rather have their FIAT back.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:28:08
What? No I was saying that gold and silver in the future will be worth far less than today because of space mining, versus bitcoin which is finite and wont decrease in value cause there is no bitcoins to mine in space.
@_date: 2013-03-07 19:03:57
Well if you watched the whole thing you would realize that Chris Duanne is fuckign butthurt as shit about bitcoins actually gaining traction so he is trying to blow smoke up peoples ass to get them to run the other way. He says in the video taht at one point in time he was trying to develop an alternative currency, and then people started emailing him telling him to check out bitcoins and what not. Very evident that he is simply upset that he didnt get to be "Satoshi" and that he never invested in them so is now even more pissed off because they are actually worth money.
Ill tell you this, when I came across them in 2010, they were about a 1.75 a piece and that was only because of the silk road. Today they are still around and worth a shit ton more. I wish I had bougth into them in 2010 but it was excessively difficult to come into posession of them and I decided against it (obviously I wanted to buy a fat bag of dank and have it shipped to my house). The point I'm trying to make tho is that the more merchants that accept it, the more people will want to buy into them and use them as currency. I would be perfectly ok with Bitpay replacing Paypal if it meant that shit I sold on Ebay didnt have a ~15% cut of my sale price taken out.
@_date: 2013-03-11 16:44:56
What makes any of that not feasible. There are two companies whose sole goal is to open up the next stage in human evolution. Becoming a space faring civilization. With the ability to mine asteroids we will have the resources we need to build our ships and stations, already in space. We wont have to mine shit on earth and ship it into space when we would just tow an asteroid into geosynchronous orbit with earth and mine the shit out of it. All the construction will be handled by robots, and will be excessively efficient. It may not be in 10 years, but I guarantee you that DSI and Planetary Resources arent gonna wait 10 years to get started. They want a piece of the multi-trillion dollar space mining industry we havent even begun to tap yet. There is no reason they can't achieve such a goal either.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:21:09
Thats what Deep Space Industries and Planetary Resources are setting out to do. They want to develop and launch robotic equipment to fly to, setup mining equipment, and return materials to a depot back home. They plan to send their first probes out in a couple years followed by the mining equipment. The capital to do this can come from anywhere because the amount of resources in these asteroids open up a completely new multi-trillion dollar "space gold rush" for the first companies to successfully return resources to earth. It isnt far fetched and they know it is the only way we will ever be able to build massive ships in space that dont run us bankrupt.
Except the problem with gold and silver is that it is useful for far more things than being an investment platform. By people constantly pooring money into gold it makes it to expensive to use in electronics and medical equipment (maybe not medical). It would be nice to be able to use a material that has almost no reactions to the environment than something that corrodes over time. A complete gold circuit would last years longer than a copper circuit when designed to operate for a hundred years.
@_date: 2013-03-07 17:52:14
It is kidna of that int he early 1900s and late, the Federal Reserve note was actually worth its face value in gold or silver and could be exchanged at a location as such. At the time there was enough gold on held by the US government to back every dollar they printed. Soon thuogh, around 1934 they stopped printing the special seal on the bills that would denote them as "Silver Certificates/Gold Certificates" after which they simply became a piece of paper that the govrenment says is worth X number of hours worked and just prints more and more and more and more (billions a year). The dollars that used to be worth their face value in gold and silver had shifted to simply being paper with ink printed on them. And all this was facilitated by rich white guys and banks. 
[This website]( does a pretty good job of showing off the gold certificates. Notice they printed $100,000 that are no longer around. They printed those bills as a way to transfer large sums of money from one bank to the next bank without needeing to round up a bunch of smalls bills. Bitcoin is a method of doing just that, transfering large sums of money from one place to another anywhere in the world at a speed faster than any bank can compete with.
@_date: 2013-03-08 15:30:30
It doesnt undermine the system to create a scaleable max trasnaction limite while the system gets off. It would minimize the panic from skiddish investors not seeing a sale for 0.1% of the total value of coins. Can you imagine what would happen if a 1% sale was made, and thats only 5million USD. 
A hard limit on the exchange that says you are limited to 0.01% of the market value to transfer per transaction with a 500million cap then the trade would only be for 50k, minimizing the panic cause it isnt that big of a transaction. Of course this value would increase with the value of the market cap until it didnt matter anymore because the market cap was in the hundred of billions anyways effectively giving you the ability to transfer hundreds of millions so then the limite can then be removed.
If you want to minimize loss then set limits that dont allow people with millions of dollars invested (today) to be able to manipulate the market so much with such a small transaction.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:12:15
Idk if the ones that DSI is headed for have gold in them, they stated iron and titanium and other material useful for construction in space. But in a different article science have hypothesized that our deposits of precious metals came  from space as the only way to fuse the fundamental particles together would have been in the core of a star since both silver and gold are elements and are not compounds.
@_date: 2013-03-05 18:59:53
My guess is the sale cost of the 250grams negates the need to charge more than a dollar in shipping.
@_date: 2013-03-07 14:58:11
That is a dumb statement. Viagra is certainly being used the way it was inteded. It was by accident that it was discovered to be a boner medicine. That doesnt change the fact that Pfizer then decided it was better suited to give old dudes boners than it was as a heart pill (idk what it's developed purpose was), now it is almost strictly sold as boner medecine after that being discovered in trials and it is the drug that single handedly brought Pfizer stock up and actually made them somewhat lucrative to invest in. 
@_date: 2013-03-07 17:08:36
PM him as it send him a "Private Message" not a thread reply.
@_date: 2013-03-08 15:00:27
Imagine if all the worlds currency entered bitcoins, and was them destroyed. Effectively giving all 21million bitcoins the added value of the worlds money at the time it was destroyed. From then on into the future all paychecks are made out in bitcoins. This would mean that each person to live is worth about 75 years of working years at 40 hours a week. Obviously there is a limited supply of bitcoins so as time goes on the huorly wage would need to be downsized from .0001BTC/hr to .00001BTC. From that point on the value of bitcoins rises from the hours of work put in by people.
The USD is a "ponzi scheme" cause when they first made it it was backed by gold and silver and you could trade that paper in for gold or silver. Since then tho, the bankers have systematically removed any ties to gold and silver are now printing billions of dollars a year and telling you that the value of the dollar is not going down even tho they add more dollars to the pool than they destroy annually. The value of a dollar is already zero, cause there is literally nothing there to back their claims that it is worth anything. At least with bitcoins the more of the worlds money that gets inserted in the more it becomes like gold and we can start using it to "trade" as if it were gold, eventually reaching a point where we have inserted all paper currency into the system and shift completely to a "credits style" crypto-currency. Dont tell me that wont happen because it is the only way to support a global economy in a technologically advanced society.
@_date: 2013-03-08 15:11:11
Thank you, this is what I meant. Implement a limit of so many dollars transacted per minute or per transaction, and have it scale up or down proportionally to the market cap. If 500,000 dollars (0.1% of the market value) can cause a mass panic sell today, then I dont want to know what would happen if someone made a sale for 1M (0.2%) or 5M(1%) dollars today. 
@_date: 2013-03-05 21:42:03
I see where you are coming from entirely and I do agree. While bitcoin or its 1024bit encrypted bretheren is what we use for a world currency, I think bitcoin is a great start. I see bitcoin kind of like the credits system used in so many futuristic movies or kind of like the time people have in "It's Time".
Either way, I think the bitcoin has serious potential and it will take a lot of work to get it to where it needs to be. Right now it is poised to take on Paypal and Google Wallet as a way to make transactions online being a medium for exchange at a very low cost to the vendor and buyer. It does however pose the problem as a currency of where does it's value come from. Right now it comes from the FIAT that people use to buy it. It has the potential to come crashing to the ground when everyone decides they wanna get their money out, but some will still be lost.
I however just think of the USD dollar value of bitcoin as the important part because the Bitcoin isnt very useful to me in terms of buying my food or gas. So I would like to buy bitcoins weekly if it isnt to much of a hassle because I anticipate more companies will accept bitcoin as a form of payment medium. While I want it to be an actually currency used the world over that will take a lot of work. What we have to hope for now is that more and more in life businesses open up that focus on using bitcoin for a payment medium. I would love to be able to take my USD paycheck and deposit into a Bitpay account, get some bitcoins, and then use a Coinbit secured debit card to buy my gas, groceries, and other accouterments for the week without having to deal with some shady online vendor and waiting a week for a bank transfer to take place and give me my coins. I also like the idea that there is a limited number and everyone that wants to store their money in BTCs drives the value up. I dont wanna cash out in a few years, I just think it would be nice if come 2015, I can go to newegg.com and buy a brand me ($1000 USD) pair of Google Glass V3 for 1 BTC and not have to think about the exchange rate.
@_date: 2013-03-07 14:11:39
Sold 4/5 for 44.06, and then flipped the fuck out when they got up to 49, then bought 5 more 24hrs later (after the dip last evening) and got em for 42.86.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:25:40
I did say 10 years, which isnt to long to be impossible but not to short of amount of time to deem unlikely either. And your saying we wont discover large amounts in space seems iffy. Where do you think our gold came from? Being a heavy element like iron the only place it could have come from was a star where there is enough pressure for the fusion to take place. All our earthly gold came from space already, so to say we wont find large amount of it in space is kind of wrong, it comes from space. We will find it far sooner than your think. I would almost bet 25BTC we find gold in Earth sized proportions in the first drill sample (that goes feet into the ground) in one of the riverbeds on Mars.
@_date: 2013-03-11 14:54:05
Never said we have. However finding gold, platinum, copper, iron, magnesium, titanium, silver, water, and all other materials is definitely a driving force for asteroid mining. If we can mine the materials we need to build large structures in space, in space, it would be far cheaper to do so than mine it on Earth and ship it into space (fuel costs prohibit this).
@_date: 2013-03-07 20:37:05
Well maybe a limit needs to be written in to minimize these shifts. How about isntead of allowing the instant transmission of 500k in coins at once the transactions are limited to 1k or 10k at a time, meaning they would need to make 500 or 50 transactions to accomplish the same thing, at least until 500k wont have that much of a "holy shit someone is bailing" effect if it is more broken up. Then again seeing 50 or 500 transaction that all say sell is far more nerve racking than 1 big one. So lets just keep it the way it is.
@_date: 2013-03-07 19:30:05
Im pretty sure the idea behind Bitcoin is to stay the fuck away from banks and make it rely solely on the collective of the users. Introducing banks introduces high fees, people that will play with your money, profit from investing your savings and lending it out to people you dont know, all with the risk of giving you nothing in return.
@_date: 2013-03-11 22:38:31
If you plan accordingly for a river bed or the river delta changes are high, if the planet was previously like earth. If gold came from asteroids there is a high porbability that a good chunk of the ones in the asteroid belt or even the very large ones have gold, since gold is made duringa  super nova explosion, and if earth has it there is a good chance mars does since were in the same solar system and super nova are much larger than a single system. If they did find it, my point was that it would cause a serious porblem for the gold market of investment, but would be very beneficial for the eletronics market who would thrive on such cheap material. Please look into Deep Space industries and Planetary resources for more on how we will be mining on asteroids in the not to distant future.
@_date: 2013-03-08 16:21:17
Localbitcoins requires meeting in person to exchange cash for bitcoins. Mt.Gox allows you to trade online. What we need isnt a decentralized exchange, but one global, secure, internet exchange that anyone anywhere can use (by fundig thru payment from any banks), but is also free to use any other exchange they want as well (btc24, bitfloor, etc.).
@_date: 2013-03-07 15:29:58
You realize that a good majority of discoveries are made by accident, or something observed that wasnt planned. Viagra is a good example, it barely get prescribed for heart disease and is almost exclusively marketed as a boner pill. So much so in fact that it doubled the value of their stock when they had exlusive rights to produce the drug in the 90s. The same thing happened with Pfizer againt his year, they have an exclusive right to produce Celebrex and that has already driven their stock up 5 bucks since January 1st. People dont give a shit why it was made, they only care that it works for what it is marketed for.
But pills arent always good, like vicodin. Vicodin numbs the pain of a targeted area, but does do anything to actually heal the targeted area and instead leaves it in a state where the body begins to treat it as normal (I.E. back pain from a car accident is better treated with chiropractic care to reset the vertebrae than with vicodin).
@_date: 2013-03-07 19:16:58
If there isnt, get to work. Only problem is kickstarter has a clause where if you dont raise the full amount the donations go back to the donators. Bitcoin kinda undermines that with no chargebacks so the solution instead would have to be that the coins are donated to a pool that the seller has no access to until the total investment has been reached.