@_author: sirbastian
@_date: 2017-12-11 07:45:42
While it's true that a currency needn't _necessarily_ be "backed" by something to be an effective means of exchange, virtually everything else you've said is false, or obvious pandering to the prevailing socioeconomic attitudes prevalent in this sub.
First, let's dispel the notion that US dollars aren't backed by anything. US Dollars have an important quality that makes them useful to an individual, regardless of whether other individuals want them: they can be used to pay down US citizens' tax obligations. This is no trivial thing. Read about Chartalism for more information.


1) easy to use and understand by everyone
2) tamperproof such that it resists corruption of the original signal
3) neglegible in overhead costs
You're listing this out like it's out of a textbook or something, but it's just 3 random points you picked out of the air that are heavily influenced by the current subject matter of Bitcoin. The average economist, when asked about money, is not going to mention that it should be "easy to understand by everyone", tamperproof, or low in transaction overhead. They're going to talk about the usual trifecta:
1) A medium of exchange
2) A store of value
3) A standard of value
Hilariously, even though you've arbitrarily chosen the metric we're using to measure the worth of a currency, Bitcoin still utterly fails to meet all 6 of these points. Let's go through them, starting with yours:
1. Easy to use and understand by everyone - Why would you even set yourself up for this? "What is Bitcoin" "how does Bitcoin work" "How do I get a bitcoin" These are some of the most asked questions on the internet because nobody can grok Bitcoin on the first try, and even when they do, it's not clear to them how they can "buy in". 
2. Tamperproof such that it resists corruption of the original signal - While at first bluff this is true, tamperproof is really just one element of a larger desire that malicious third parties can't change the debt record in their favor. From a purely technical standpoint Bitcoin should be resistant to this, but in practice, the number of coins lost to negligent storage, Wallet exploits, etc. puts this point squarely against BTC. I am much, MUCH less concerned that my US bank account will disappear due to some technical trapdoor, or compromised because somebody hacked into the computer systems at my credit union.
3. Negligible in overhead costs - Bitcoin is ludicrously expensive to transact in, and circumventing this via, e.g. the Lightning network, necessarily involves tradeoffs against other technical qualities that you will doubtless be counting for Bitcoin elsewhere.
4. Medium of exchange - worthless. Nobody wants to buy pizzas with Bitcoin, because it is by and large considered some kind of investment. I love the irony that people don't want to spend their bitcoin to buy things because they're convinced that it's so incredibly useful to buy things - so much so that it will one day net them millions of... dollars? No wait, not that!
5. It is completely untrustworthy as a store of value - putting money into Bitcoin is not safe. This entire sub has "invest responsibly" posts slathered all over it because even the most foolhardy zealots realize that that saying you should save your life's earnings in Bitcoin is a terrible idea.  If I had $20 in a bank account in 2008, when I took it out today, it would only be worth 87% of what it was then. Inflation does hurt you over long periods of time, but this was a smooth, monotonic decay. It's the kind of value you can quite literally bank on decades in advance. Bitcoin has no such assurances. The value of your life savings denominated in Bitcoin changes significantly every day.
6. A standard of value - The fact that people's biggest concern is how many dollars one can buy with their Bitcoin tells you everything you need to know. Nobody denominates values in Bitcoin - it would be completely useless. If I told you this car was worth 1 BTC, that means two different things on Monday vs. Friday. If I tell you it's worth $15000, you understand.


This is meaningless. 


Oh, you mean soar up and down like a tech stock after an IPO? Making it completely untrustworthy as a store of value, and unusable as a medium of exchange? Regardless, even if it _was_ monotonically rising in value (it's not, not even close), why would this be a good thing? If you want to live in a world where all goods and services are completely denominated in Bitcoin, it doesn't matter what Bitcoin is "worth" in US dollars at any point in that cycle. The measure of Bitcoin's usefulness starts and ends with what types of things can be bought with it. It doesn't matter if a pair of shoes costs 1 BTC or .0000001 BTC if, all other things being equal, your salary and pension and taxes are measured in BTC. It's just a scale-factor. If you think the value of Bitcoin, denominated in US dollars, soaring into the stratosphere is a good thing, then you've patently revealed your true motivation, which is for the in-crowd to get rich. This is deliciously ironic given:


And so we see what you'd really like to see happen: destroy the riches of the current superwealthy and replace them with a different group that you like more - Bitcoin early adopters.
Bitcoin is a fascinating development, and it blazed an important first trail in the modernization of money and commerce, but from a technical standpoint it is totally inadequate to serve as the currency of the internet, or the currency of the world. Transaction fees, energy usage due to mining, validation waits, Wallet protection, and exchange with existing monetary infrastructure - all of these things are lacking in fundamental, unfixable ways. The world needs something that has a lot in common with Bitcoin, but it also needs to have a lot of things that are quite different. Sitting around and telling each other that the establishment just "Doesn't get us, man" is fucking delusional. There are people that don't understand cryptocurrency, but this is not the only or even the main reason that Bitcoin falls into criticism. It is being criticized because it has real, legitimate, unsustainable, deal-breaker problems. When you write this kind of BS that 'the establishment is just trying to protect the status quo', you sound like a lunatic conspiracy theorist who things that GM knows how to make cars run on water but won't tell us because of the oil cartel. It just doesn't make any fucking sense. If Bitcoin was a digital pantheon of economic exchange that was going to usher in the modern era of banking, then you know who would be all over that shit? BANKS. It's not a cabal of evil capitalists trying to crush the revolution. It's a few uninformed people, and a bunch of people who have genuine grievances based on their understanding of monetary policy and finance. Maybe in some cases they're too stuck in their old ways of thinking, but anybody assuming that finance and banking professionals have no wisdom to impart here is gravely mistaken.
The shorthand for all of this is to ask yourself: if you could wake up tomorrow to a world that had replaced all existing monetary infrastructure, would you REALLY want to? Millions of truck drivers with unsecured wallets, policeman's pensions sitting on the blockchain, Starbucks waiting 5 minutes to confirm that your $5 coffee (+ $5 settlement fee) can be handed over? 3 transactions per second for the entire world? 
@_date: 2017-12-09 01:32:11
Ripple. Ethereum if they can get PoS working (they won’t)
@_date: 2014-03-22 04:33:21
Scarcity =/= valuable.
Highly demanded relative to scarcity = valuable.
My first tooth is incredibly scarce: there's only one. Nobody wants to buy it though because it's in no way useful.
Bitcoin is the logical extreme of something that is scarce, but useless by itself. The only reason I might want a Bitcoin is that I suspect somebody else might want to buy it from me. It has a speculative value based on arbitrage. Yes, most anything you could find has some speculative value layered on top. But anything that is traded in modern markets has some nonzero base value, even and especially gold. 
Bitcoin works because it was bootstrapped and then backed and incubated by the utility of Silk Road. But it has no bottom. Ask yourself: if you knew for a fact that nobody wanted to give you anything for your bitcoin, would you want to own them?
@_date: 2013-05-09 20:35:43
So they've created a scam, where they think up an entirely new and innovative protocol which solves a lot of problems that crypto-currency enthusiasts want to solve. Then they write all of the code for it, and solicit VC money, and extensively document all of their work. Then people will buy into the system and use it to perform currency conversions and transactions with much lower friction than normal available avenues. As more and more people do this, deriving real world value out of the protocol along the way, XRP's appreciate in value. Finally, OpenCoin cashes out all of their XRP's for fiat. As their XRP are bought up, XRP floods the market, and transaction fees increase. By the end, OpenCoin has made millions of dollars, and the rest of these poor saps are left with a fully functioning, highly efficient transaction network. Speculators who have invested significant fiat into XRP's, intending to leverage the increased value simply for more fiat, have been screwed by this supply shock.
Is that what you're saying? That's not a scam. That's an exit strategy, and every start-up has one. I'm getting tired of a being a Ripple white knight, but this forum makes it pretty hard not to chime in. 
If you think the incorporation of XRP is a scam, then propose a system that has Ripple's benefits that works without XRP. No tenable solution is yet known.
@_date: 2013-05-12 03:02:24


Let's do a paraphrased recap of this stimulating exchange:
Me: Ripple is a pretty cool financial transaction system, and it solves a lot of the issues bitcoin tries to solve. It also has some advantages, like the fact that you aren't incentivized to waste progressively more electricity to run it. That is in major contrast with Bitcoin.
gwern: The electricity being used to hash bitcoin blocks isn't just wasted, it's useful beyond that.
Me: No... you only spend that electricity because Bitcoin gives you monetary incentives to keep re-upping the wattage and mine more btc. And the only reason Bitcoin creates that incentive is because unfortunately it has to in order to preserve the trustworthiness of the blockchain. Its usefulness begins and ends with running the bitcoin ecosystem.
gwern: Wow you're dumb if you think that running Bitcoin is the only reason to spend all of that electricity.
Me: Okay, what other value does spending it have?
gwern: Its value is that it solves the double-spend problem for Bitcoin. I'm done with your bullshit.
Me: In other words, its value begins and ends with Bitcoin.
flaviusb: No, that's wrong. The value is that it SOLVES A PROBLEM THAT BITCOIN NEEDS TO SOLVE IN ORDER TO WORK.
I don't know if I can make it any clearer, but here's a try: 
Say we both came up with new solutions for alternative energy, but to make mine work you had to murder baby children every thursday. You might suggest that your solution has an advantage: you *don't* have to murder baby children to make it work. If I responded that killing tiny children has advantages that you're not considering, it might occur to you to ask what they were. Maybe overpopulation is a real menace? But if I then said "You have to kill baby children to solve the energy problem, idiot", you would be confused. 
I am confused.
@_date: 2013-05-01 22:04:59
Off-topic posts are still off-topic posts, obviously. The vibe I got from the OP was that you think we shouldn't be posting about Ripple for other reasons: because it's snake oil or something. That is pure speculation / conjecture / your opinion. If there's a legitimate topic of discussion that relates Ripple to Bitcoin, I don't see why it should be off limits.
@_date: 2013-04-09 04:35:52
Well, it certainly can't help the currency to fluctuate wildly in price :)
One thing I always try to remind people of is that the point of bitcoin is to become its own currency. If I asked you what the price of a dollar is, what would you say? The only way to express value is by means of comparison. All you can ever say is "I would sacrifice X to acquire that". The goal of bitcoiners as I understand them is to have goods and services priced in bitcoins, and have people think "I would give 0.032 BTC for that sandwich". Until that happens, people will keep thinking about how many dollars they can get for the bitcoins that they bought for just pennies, treating them like any other commodity. That's not surprising, because you settle your debts with dollars and you pay your taxes with dollars, by law. Your savings are in dollars, the credit card infrastructure is set up to accept dollars, and every merchant in the US accepts dollars. Dollars are the currency people will use unless there is a major paradigm shift. For now, bitcoins are just an overvalued commodity.
@_date: 2013-05-24 20:52:49
Form your own opinions about Ripple, it's not my job to defend some cryptocurrency project. But at least make coherent arguments. I doubt anybody commenting here has even read the site that OP linked to. Here are some of the compelling arguments he makes:


The Ripple validator source has not been released. David Schwartz et al. have repeatedly stated that they want to test it in house before releasing it to the public, so that Ripple doesn't accidentally get a reputation for being buggy and insecure based simply on a beta. The statement that they have openly admitted it is to prevent others from building something better is completely unsupported, and unsurprisingly false.


What else does he want a node to be controlled by? This demonstrates a lack of understanding of even the most basic principles about how a network is expected to work. Every Bitcoin node was controlled by the same guy when Satoshi mined the genesis block. The only content of this statement is that Ripple hasn't started to proliferate the validator code yet. 


Remember, these guys got money from the big scary nefarious venture capitalists who we hate! Therefore, they hate bitcoin! 


Ripple can't "control the server software" on other people's computers. The author is confused. 
The only way any of these criticisms could possibly be dangerous is if Ripple completely took off and a huge amount of real value was being traded through Ripple. For Ripple to even begin to begin to begin to proliferate, they would need to distribute the validator software and allow people to start their own validators. The need for this to happen is completely antithetical to the author's worry that the system is not distributed enough. 
TL; DR: This dude's a fucking idiot. If you don't like Ripple, find better reasons.
@_date: 2013-04-08 22:13:42
Scarcity is not a source of value. There is a very scarce supply of my old business cards from my last job, but that doesn't create a global market for them.
Gold wasn't originally chosen in committee, it was adopted for a variety of complex socioeconomic reasons. People generally valued gold for its appearance, relative durability, use in jewelry, etc. Since it keeps well, and because it is very scarce, it is generally easy to store (you don't have to keep it protected, and you don't need vast amounts of space). Just because it was scarce didn't preordain it for its status as an overvalued commodity. 
@_date: 2013-05-10 21:16:15
Oh, so its value is that you need to expend that energy to make Bitcoin work?
@_date: 2013-05-10 16:35:05
People need to stop incorrectly correcting people because they don't understand what deflation means.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:37:28
A government has the power to issue more cash through the rule of law. You cannot abandon the dollar because you don't like inflation, that's tough - you still have to pay your taxes in dollars.
Ripple users can easily dump their XRP if they find that the founders directly break their promise and issue new currency. Once they do, all of the founders' XRP is useless.
@_date: 2013-05-01 21:58:51
Well, I'd say it's better than convenient - it's far and away the best option *that they can think of*. And like he mentioned in that thread, they are actively open to a better and more egalitarian solution, but finding one would be a big deal. If you can suggest an option that doesn't incur some of the issues they mentioned in that thread, I think they would be very receptive indeed. That's my slightly passive aggressive way of saying that you probably can't, cause it's trickier than it sounds.
Thanks for reading the thread and keeping it civil. I definitely understand why someone could be skeptical of Ripple, but it annoys me when misrepresentations are allowed to fly in a forum that is usually so sensitive about technical misrepresentations of "*their*" cryptocurrency. 
@_date: 2013-06-24 21:02:43


That's a very... *creative* reading of this article. The author explains it very well, but the take-away isn't that that computational work is not wasted. It's just the only plausible method for people to prove that they own computational horsepower. Unfortunately, that means you have to do a little bit of work on something useless, but provably time-intensive.
~~One example of similarly wasted energy is the way your LCD screen refreshes 60 times per second, even when the content of the screen stays the same. It is an artifact of the screen's technical implementation. Other screens with similar, but not identical, use cases do not have to do this (e.g. e-Ink). If somebody ever came up with a way to make a screen that could update quickly, show full deep color, and not waste energy while it was showing a static image, we'd probably adopt that technology. Alas, nobody has figured that out yet. People willingly pay for their electric bill so that their monitor will work and do its job. It's not that the monitor itself isn't doing anything useful, or that nobody accepts the cost tradeoff of spending energy to display pixels. But the nature of the monitor itself wastes energy relative to a hypothetical better design.~~
**EDIT:**  *Calling bullshit on myself here, that's actually a bad example because the advantages of e-ink have more to do with the lack of backlight. Here's a better example:*
One example of similarly wasted energy is the use of volatile memory in modern computers. The requirement to keep volatile memory powered is an unfortunate artifact of the technical implementation of modern computer architectures. We continue to use powered memory for primary storage because it is (very) fast and comparatively cheap. However, there is plenty of research into creating a type of memory that is non-volatile but still fast. If anybody ever came up with a practical solution, we would adopt that technology.
People willingly pay for their electric bill so that their computer's RAM can do its job. It's not that the CPU itself isn't doing anything useful, or that nobody accepts the cost tradeoff of spending energy to hold temporary memory. But the nature of the volatile memory itself wastes energy relative to a hypothetical non-volatile design.
In the same way, people are willing to spend electricity to run miners because they see value in it. But if somebody came up with a new Bitcoin that didn't require you to spend electricity calculating meaningless hashes, but that *still had all of the qualities people like about Bitcoin*, then it would be better. It's plausible such a system does not exist, but this is by no means proven. So it still makes sense to talk about proof of work as an inefficiency.
@_date: 2013-05-06 20:02:22
Well said. The OpenCoin skeptics come off to me as extremely paranoid. They want to get the code and featureset in a good place before they release it. They're in the unfortunate circumstance  of already having an existing codebase that people were using before, which causes people to get impatient and wonder why they "refuse" to release the source. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 05:22:09
Thanks for your response. I should be clear - I don't think that it's bad advice. In fact, I think it's great advice. As you say, a lot can happen between now and the future. My point is that if you're worried about how much your BTC will be worth in 2050, then you're probably not planning to trade them out for actual goods and services *now*. In other words, you are betraying your lack of interest in actually using BTC for their perceived inherent merits.
@_date: 2013-05-01 16:39:52
That's nice, but you don't speak for everyone. I don't see how the fact that some people are overzealous about only using open source software means that discussing ripple should be prohibited.
@_date: 2013-06-05 05:46:27
I followed that link expecting to roll my eyes, but found myself unable to stop reading. Really a phenomenal, thought-provoking essay!
@_date: 2013-06-05 06:20:05
A few people have responded with potential issues that make that idea unlikely. One that they haven't mentioned is that you have to decide whose science problem to solve. If you let real people upload arbitrary calculations that they need done to the bitcoin network, then you introduce an avenue for attack. Simply upload many easy math problems, and simultaneously construct a rogue blockchain, taking advantage of the momentarily low difficulty of proof of work.
You need to come up with some type of generic mathematical problem that's actually useful to solve, has easily verifiable solutions, and reliably takes enough computing power to make dishonest blockchains untenable. Further, you need to make sure that there will be infinitely many different instances of this type of problem, and that it will always be useful to have more and more solutions. As far as I know, nobody has come up with any great options that satisfy all these criteria.
@_date: 2013-06-15 05:21:09
Such a grandiose claim... so little evidence.


wat. The financial world's importance is predicated on their ability to make smart investments. How again is that function irrelevant in a bitcoin economy? 
@_date: 2013-05-25 07:43:39


I think you're letting your imagination get the better of you.


Sometimes you have to call a spade a spade. The creator of that slanderous website invited that upon himself.
@_date: 2013-05-25 00:40:28
In what way are they left holding the bag?
OpenCoin emphasizes that XRP are postage stamps, not currency, basically ad nauseum. If people decide they want to speculate on the value of XRP by investing huge amounts of cash into it and expecting it to appreciate, they have nobody but themselves to blame if the market value crashes. It is in no way OpenCoin's fault that they decided to use XRP as an investment vehicle after being explicitly told that it's not what XRP are for. Opencoin has nothing to gain from people hoarding XRP. Higher velocity of XRP is good for the ripple ecosystem, and ergo good for OpenCoin's eventual exit strategy.
Further, that whole discussion ignores the fact that the OpenCoin exit does not ensure doom for speculators anyway. In fact, by my watch, it signifies that ripple is finally decentralized. The number of XRP isn't going up, so those speculators could still stand to make money long term.
The whole looks like a duck quacks like a duck argument may be convincing to some people, but nobody ever bothers to actually present a realistic scenario in which everybody gets screwed over and OpenCoin wins.
@_date: 2013-06-05 06:27:14


FTFY. The computational power of the bitcoin network isn't doing anything except being an essential cog of the bitcoin network. It's not a super-computer - it's not even a computer at all. You can't execute a program on the bitcoin network. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 06:12:58
That's a fair point. The question is, if the speculators create public distrust by inducing price volatility, will their contribution still be net positive?
@_date: 2013-05-25 07:47:15


What are you even talking about dude..
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:37:32
You mean they have a revenue model to compensate them for thousands of man-hours of development?
Those bastards!
@_date: 2013-06-25 03:25:42
Truth be told, my analogy is not great because I'm convoluting the concepts of refresh rate, backlit screens, and framerate.
E-ink is power efficient more because it's not constantly pumping out watts in the form of a backlight. But there are good reasons to have that backlight, because it allows you greater contrast, night readability, etc. LCD's refreshing of the screen isn't really costing you anything extra, because even though it requires pumping current constantly into some transistors, the LCD actually does know how to restrict that current draw only to the pixels that need changing. This is no better than what E-ink is doing.
So, really just a bad example on my part. Oops. But there are millions of examples of parasitic inefficiencies that were later eradicated with more sophisticated technical solutions, so the spirit of the comment stands. 
@_date: 2013-05-01 16:42:10
Seriously? This point has been raised countless times, and every single time one of the Ripple devs comes in and says "Then how would you solve it?" After a few snarky replies, the poster realizes it's not as easy as they thought to make the system work without XRP, and they shut up. Then the cycle repeats. If it was easy to solve this problem without XRP, then significant issues with Bitcoin would have been simultaneously solved. It's not simple. The only reason you're railing against it is because you're allergic to somebody profiting off of their hard work.
@_date: 2013-12-23 15:44:43
When economists talk about inflation, they mean price inflation. The monetary base is meaningless without an understanding of how many goods and services it now represents.
@_date: 2013-11-19 06:38:19
If you think that the quants writing Wall Street's algorithmic trading strategies aren't nerdy computer types... you've got another thing comin.
@_date: 2013-05-10 20:44:22
Explain the value of expending energy on ever-faster hashing rigs. Go.
@_date: 2013-05-24 23:18:18
I'll put up $10 on rippled being open-sourced at some point in the future.
@_date: 2013-05-07 21:38:07
Deflation means the real value of the currency is increasing over time. If the total value of goods and services that can be bought with bitcoins increases quickly, then bitcoins will likely experience deflation because of the inherent disinflation built into the system. That is, since we expect the supply of BTC to grow at lower and lower rates, and since we expect the basket of goods one can buy with a bitcoin to grow at higher and higher rates, we can expect the currency to be deflationary.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:30:28
Excellent thoughts here.
I would, however, like to challenge the idea that dollars have value only because of taxes. 
Certainly taxes create a floor for the currency. Bitcoin's value could drop to $0 overnight, but dollars have a base level of demand supported by the need to pay taxes. Dollars enjoyed initial success because acquiring dollars was literally mandated by law. However, the current demand for dollars cannot possibly be supported only by this utility. And since dollars are generally inflationary, it's unlikely that demand for dollars is based on speculation. No, the standardization of dollars as a medium of exchange really has created a market for dollars far above their baseline utility. People demand dollars far more than they should based on their tax obligation, and it's not because they hope to find a greater fool. It's because of all the goods and services that can be directly bought in dollars.
@_date: 2013-05-01 19:12:38
Read this thread on the ripple discussion forum:
Pay attention to user JoelKatz's responses. He lays it out pretty clearly.
@_date: 2013-05-25 07:57:43


[Here's the source for a Ripple gateway on github.](
@_date: 2013-05-09 21:37:48
It's a transaction network with no central authorizing agency, which has shorter transaction verification times and no ballooning blockchain storage issues. And it isn't slated to waste terawatts of electricity for no tangible benefit. And it incentivizes nodes to accept real-world currencies and build credibility as gateways, thus endogeneously creating a distributed exchange. 
Those are real issues. Not sure why you think anonymity and security are the only ones that are hard.
@_date: 2013-06-25 02:14:35
I'm being a little loose with my verbage - I understand the mechanism of proof of work and I'm aware that your computational power doesn't afford you a "vote" the way that we usually think of a vote. 


Why? Based on the &lt;10 years of amateur research in this relatively infant field? Proof of stake is one option, proof of burn is another. Ripple uses 'consensus'. It's a little premature to call off the search in my opinion. The thousands of Watt hours of energy we'd save motivate that search pretty well.
@_date: 2013-05-09 20:43:43


Proving what, exactly?


Elaborate. Ripple solves several hard problems. Bitcoin is not anonymous either.
@_date: 2013-06-24 23:12:06
Fair point. But as the article goes into, the exchange rate of 1 unit of computational power = 1 vote is really the aspect of bitcoin most frequently targeted for reform when people create altcoins. It's *an* answer, but I personally think it's unlikely to be the *best possible* answer.
In other words, yes, but the potential alternative technologies seem a lot more attainable than your analogy might suggest. Reasonable voting scheme =/= telepathic communication :)
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:47:21
When their supposed fortune is completely predicated on the worth of ripples, why the hell would they do that?
@_date: 2013-05-10 05:39:13


They're doing exactly nothing. The fact that Bitcoin requires massive amounts of electricity to feed its computational arms race is not a feature, it's an unfortunate necessity. If someone came up with a way to avoid it, that would be a huge improvement. Certain things in life need certain amounts of power. Turning a wheel at a certain speed with a certain torque inescapably requires a certain number of watts. Human ingenuity can get the efficiency of Pin to Pout to be really high, and every year we get a little better at not wasting those watts. Bitcoin on the other hand, leverages human ingenuity to get worse and worse efficiency. Unlike the supply of BTC, there is no cap on the watts required to run the network. The only good thing you can say is that it's incentivizing people to learn to compute hashes as energetically efficiently as possible. That has some useful real-world application, but it's not a ton.


Oh, have you been living in a world where some central authority prevents you from issuing too many IOUs to your buddies? You can always issue IOUs in any quantity you please to anybody. The tricky part is to get somebody to accept your IOUs, which they're not likely to do if you have no reputation or have a reputation for inflating your IOUs. 


This is basically the opposite of true. Ripple  has no explicit dependence on other cryptocurrencies. It works just as well to exchange dollars to yen as it does dollars to bitcoins. Bitcoin users, on the other hand, would love to have a distributed network for exchanging BTC for fiat. 
@_date: 2013-05-01 16:53:35
There's no way for the Ripple creators to become rich without the ripple network absolutely exploding in popularity. That means their profits are directly tied to how useful the network has become. Seems fair to me. They're working hard to offer the world a free service, and they're monetizing it in the most trustworthy way they can, which is by saying that they only succeed if we all succeed.
There may be significant problems with Ripple, but I don't see why this is one of them.
@_date: 2013-05-10 16:23:08


You use a bank account and a credit card, which are bank IOUs, denominated in federal reserve IOUs. Everybody uses IOUs from everyone all the time. That's how fiat money works. 


Doesn't seem like you get it at all, actually.
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:08:43
Yep. Speculation doesn't indicate real growth, so eventually over speculation will inflate the price beyond what is actually supported. One day, people will ask themselves *why* they want Bitcoins. If there is not an upward trend, and there's not an underlying value, the price will collapse.
Even a fiat currency can be used to pay taxes, and that drives vendors and merchants to price their goods in dollars. Bitcoin's underlying value is only as strong as the vendors that price their goods in bitcoins, and the utility it provides as a pseudonymous method of transporting value without fees. 
@_date: 2013-05-24 22:33:26


Satoshi didn't release a white paper on a working version of Bitcoin. He released it when it was ready for the public to smash it into the wall and attack it from every angle. The only reason you're having a hard time with this is because you know about Ripple before it's released, and because they've been trying to build hype before they let it go.


So you think they're going to keep it closed source forever, and create a p2p validator network by... how exactly? Sending banks a shady executable and telling them to run it?
@_date: 2013-05-01 22:13:04
For a subreddit that so frequently bitches about some misinformed "journalists" demonizing their cryptocurrency, I sure don't see a lot of critical discussion here. Hey, I heard Ripple was just designed to make the creators rich! Grab your pitchfork!
@_date: 2013-05-01 16:51:06
If you went to the ripple forums, people were quite literally giving hundreds of xrp away for free just to get people interested.
@_date: 2013-06-05 06:42:07
'Consume only what you need to survive!" is not the hallmark manifesto of a bustling economy.
Austerity doesn't reliably breed prosperity.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:37:20
Because Ripple has advantages over bitcoins. Not least among them is that it doesn't encourage people to spend real wealth wasting electricity to support transaction verification.
@_date: 2013-05-19 02:45:06
Most things in the world that you would care to buy have real value to you. For instance you would probably buy an orange at the market because it was tasty and nutritious.
Some things derive value because somebody else wants it. You might buy some stock in Apple simply because you believe that you will be able to sell it to somebody else for even more.
Most of the time, any good you can find has a little from column A, and a little from column B. For instance, you could buy oranges from a farmer in great quantities because you want to sell them in your grocery store with some markup. Conversely, you might buy some Apple stock and hold on to it, because it will earn you dividends and give you rights to a share of Apple's assets.
The US dollar has value because the US government accepts it directly in exchange for cancellation of your debt obligation. By enforcing taxation, the government maintains a minimum supporting level of demand for dollars. US dollars gain much more of their value, however, by the second type of reasoning. It's simply because of inertia. I want dollars because you want dollars because he wants dollars because I want dollars. Why switch? Infrastructure and banks and credit cards all use dollars, so there would have to be huge incentives to desire something besides dollars.
Bitcoin does not have a baseline level of value. I want bitcoin because other people want bitcoin, and *that's it*. It is by the second type of reasoning _only_ that bitcoin maintains an appreciable exchange rate with dollars. Early adopters, small merchants, and (frankly) drug dealers have effectively bootstrapped bitcoins into a state of relatively stable demand and liquidity. 
If you want to say that Bitcoin is backed by the people, then so is any other commodity or currency. They all exist in a constant bubble that persists via that second type of reasoning: I want it because you want it. 
@_date: 2013-05-24 22:55:35


Has it failed already? That was quick!
In all seriousness, the existence of XRP is the biggest weakpoint for Ripple. Even a stopped watch is right twice a day, but the criticism offered at ripplescam.org is ham-fisted and unsophisticated.
Some people find it disingenuous to promote an open source electronic currency and then "pre-mine" all the XRP. I personally am not overly bothered by it because of the following reasoning: 
1. Their holdings of XRP only become valuable if they can actually liquidate all of them into real value.
2. If they can ever sell all of their XRP for some large sum of fiat, for instance, then it implies that the ripple economy is booming.
3. If real value is being traded on the ripple network with that kind of volume, then OpenCoin has given the world something valuable.
4. Once they do sell all of their XRP, the network remains functioning, and from that point forward all aspects of centralized control will be gone. Thus, the network is not destroyed when they cash out. So by definition, it cannot be a scam, because nobody is left holding the bill when they exit.
That said, it would be cool if they could figure out a way to get around needing to use XRP. From what I've heard out of David Schwartz, they actually looked into this for a while and found that there were very few ways to make it work. I've never seen a good solution to the problem that avoids somebody somewhere issuing coins. But I'm also inclined to think that there *could* be a solution that hasn't been found yet.
@_date: 2013-05-10 20:59:49


The mistake you're making is very, very common. People mistakenly interpret inflation and deflation to refer to the actual money supply changes themselves, rather than the effect that changes in the money supply can cause, all of the goddamn time. But that's wrong, and a quick trip to wikipedia or any economics textbook will reveal that to you. Nobody wants to engage you in a long-winded debate because this is economics 101. It's not a matter for discussion. You are wrong. Look it up.
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:01:14
Correct. Now if only modern companies offered any appreciable dividends, stocks would be an investment...
@_date: 2013-05-25 00:49:21
For-profit == Dishonest. Got it.
@_date: 2013-05-10 16:33:33
Go wikipedia deflation, learn, then come back. 


Except my savings account, which buys more real goods and services in the future if the economy experiences deflation against the currency I hold my savings in. 


@_date: 2013-06-07 08:26:00
So, the Bitcoin payment method is faster, easier, more credible, and most preferred among all of your online customers.
K.