@_author: siredcalot
@_date: 2016-04-08 05:20:38
1. Sort of, but your wording is clumsy.  Try something like this (feel free to use this):  A block is a group of numerous transactions, packaged together and verified with a 'proof of work' that proves the miner invested significant computational resources in creating that block.  Each block includes the cryptographic hash of the block that preceded it, thus any block can trace its 'chain' back to the original Genesis Block.
2. The miner that gets the 25BTC is the miner that mines the block.  More on this in a sec.
3. A confirmation just means that your transaction was included in a mined block.  Multiple confirmations means that block has other blocks mined on top of it.  
4. "If encryption breaks" is one of those crazy ideas like "If the sun explodes".  It's not going to happen anytime soon.  However basically any computer system that has security relies on crypto.  Crypto isn't just encryption (like scrambling of data), it's also used for authentication.  So for example, when buying stuff online, without reliable crypto not only could you not be sure someone isn't tapping your connection and stealing your credit card, but you also couldn't be sure you were even talking to the e-store you thought you were talking to (and not some attacker's server).  
5. No idea, sorry.  Ask Google.  
Okay some bitcoin transaction stuff
A bitcoin address consists of two pieces: a private key, and an address.  The two go together.  Anyone who knows the address can send Bitcoins to that address, but only the person with the matching private key can use that key to sign a transaction spending those Bitcoins.  
So when I want to send you money, my Bitcoin wallet uses one of its private keys (it will likely have many) to sign a transaction giving X number of Bitcoins to your address.  My wallet then sends this transaction out on the Bitcoin Peer-to-peer (P2P) network where it is relayed to all other *nodes*.  A node is a computer running the Bitcoin software, it relays transactions and keeps a copy of the Blockchain (every block since the beginning).  The nodes each verify that the transaction is legit, then pass it on to other nodes.  Within a second or two, all Bitcoin nodes know about my transaction and keep it in a temporary buffer called the *mempool*.  
Some of those nodes belong to miners.  The function of miners is to take transactions out of mempool and package them together in *blocks*, which become part of the blockchain.  A miner will assemble a block out of mempool transactions, as well as a *coinbase transaction* (not to be confused with the coinbase.com service).  The coinbase transaction gives the current block reward (25BTC) to that miner.  
However for the block to be valid, the miner has to complete a *proof of work* (PoW).  The PoW is a sort of random computational problem (sort of like a lottery) that only gets 'solved' once every 10 minutes (the difficulty adjusts automatically to ensure that it's solved about once per 10mins).  When a miner solves the PoW, that means they have a valid PoW to attach to their block, which means the block is now a good and valid block.  They then send this block to nodes, who validate it and then send it to other nodes.  That block contains many transactions that were in mempool, once they're included in a block they are 'confirmed'.  As more miners mine blocks on top of that block, the number of 'confirmations' goes up.  That's because since finding a PoW (and thus making a block) is hard, the deeper in the chain you go the more secure you are.  
It's important to understand that on the Blockchain, everything can be verified.  The Bitcoin I send you can be traced to the last address it was owned by, and the address before that, and the address before that, and so on and so forth all the way back to the coinbase transaction which created it and awarded it to a miner.  
Now you probably hear a lot of stuff about miners earning small amounts, not 25BTC.  That's because of *pooled mining*.  Since only 1 block is found every 10 mins, and there are many thousands of miners, chances are a small mining operation without much computation power won't find a block very often.  So it's better to pool lots of small miners together and have them work cooperatively, then when a block is found, split the reward among them according to how much computation power each miner contributed.  
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2016-04-09 06:37:07
This is how you fucking do it right.  Design the business model so the crypto works in the customer favor.  That way if someone fucks up, the attacker literally CANNOT steal any customer money.  And if/when that happens, you can be proud and public, own the mistake without shame or blame (or liability), and come back stronger.  
@_date: 2016-04-09 06:42:54
That's fair.  But while a weakness might be found in one particular crypto algorithm, even a severe one that renders the algorithm useless, that's still a far cry from "if encryption breaks" which implies that ALL encryption breaks.  And THAT is very unlikely...
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:27:07


The problem with SegWit is that it's a new (much more complex) transaction type.  For those that adopt the new transaction type, yes it offers an improvement.  But that's like saying 'we have a double decker bus, but only people who bought tickets online (not people who used the kiosk) can get on the top deck.  Result is we still have a capacity problem even though SegWit is fully implemented.  
Hopefully once more exchanges start supporting SegWit that situation will improve somewhat.  


In the long run, yes.  With the current state of consumer hardware and Bitcoin software technology, it's not possible to scale to Visa-type traffic levels without either a. giving up on decentralization and only running full nodes in datacenters or b. significantly changing how Bitcoin works.  
However I think this comparison (or using it to justify any immediate scaling plans) is absurd.  While I'd love the capability to scale to Visa traffic levels, we won't be anywhere close to that for *years* (if not a decade or more).  I'm all for laying that groundwork, but our much bigger problem isn't 5 years from now but tomorrow and next month.  Coinbase is registering 30,000 new accounts per day.  If those people try to spend their BTC on stuff and they get a slow, frustrating experience, then eventually the fad will pass and people will move on.  
My biggest complaint about Lightning currently is the potential for *economic* centralization.  Since a payment channel needs money tied up in it to work, that means the best (and thus most profitable) payment hubs are going to be the ones with lots of money tied up in them.  I don't see this concern being addressed much :\  


This is why BCH exists :)  Core (per their actions) seems to have no concern for the user experience of using BTC as a method of payment.  And the idea that 2-8MB blocks are going to kill decentralization is absurd.  Rampant unchecked block size increases might harm decentralization, but that only happens if the block size limit is raised faster than technology improves.  We CAN support 8MB blocks (BCH is doing it today and Ethereum is going even farther with no apparent problems).  So denying a one time increase to 2MB makes no sense.  
Now FWIW if Lightning works as well as it's promised, I think it's likely that BCH will adopt some form of it.  I just wish we had bigger blocks so we could adopt Lightning (or something like it) at a reasonable pace rather than being artificially rushed.  
I want to use Lightning because it's *better*, not because I'm forced to.  
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:55:46
You make good points but there's a couple of serious problems.
1. Bitcoin should adopt a block size increase immediately to provide relief to the scaling.  
Of course they should, the problem is Core *doesn't seem to consider the current situation to be a problem*.  And that stance makes sence, because *Core does not consider payments to be a good use for Bitcoin, thus people who use Bitcoin for payments are doing it wrong and their issues don't matter any more than a PC user who complains that the keyboard breaks when they use it as a baseball bat.  
Jeff Garzik put it nicely back in 2015- "I have never seen this much disconnect between user wishes and dev outcomes in 20+ years of open source."  
This, to me, is a problem.  You have a dev team who basically claims ownership of the entire project, radically changing its direction (remember payments was the original use of Bitcoin), without concern for what users actually want.  And when someone else tries to fork the code, it's a 'hostile attack'.  That brings us to...
2. BCH is not a hostile attack, BCH is competition.  Competition is not an attack.  
You say the goal of BCH is to take over from BTC, yes that's right!  That's the goal of every crypto out there, every single one would kill to be in the  spot right now.  BCH wants to take over because they feel BTC has abandoned the vision of Satoshi, of cheap fast payments.  BCH supporters feel that BCH should be 'the' Bitcoin because the vision of BCH is closer to the vision of Satoshi and most Bitcoin users than Core's vision is.  I don't think that's hostile, at least certainly no more than a dev team imposing their radically different vision on a userbase that doesn't want it.  
3. BCH as a short term solution  
BCH doesn't buy into the vision that Bitcoin can never be a payments system without a second layer.  The theory is that as long as hardware advances faster than adoption, we will still be okay.  Maybe this will prove right or maybe it will prove wrong.  Personally I think it will prove right, because despite sky-falling FUD from Core (even some Core devs themselves), two hard forks have now been done without problems, and we have blocks that sometimes hit the 3-5MB range with no problems.  
Now one thing we both must keep in mind is *this is all uncharted territory.  None of this has ever been done before.  Nobody knows how this all will pay out.*  Maybe Core is right and BCH won't work, or maybe BCH is right and Core won't work.  Personally I'm glad to have both.  
You are right in one thing- in 10 years, the dominant coins will have taken their places.  And which coin do you think will be dominant, the one that told its users to shove off because it couldn't bother upgrading to 2MB, or the one that said it would do whatever's necessary to scale and maintain good user experience?  
4. Lightning working kills BCH's value?  
This may be right or it may not be.  Core's highly arrogant attitude and actions over the past 5 years have turned a lot of people (of those who pay attention to such things at least) off of Core and made them look for a dev system which focuses on user needs.  I personally like BCH's multiple implementation strategy, without one team of Crowned King Devs dictating how things will run, user needs are more likely to translate into dev outcomes.  
There's also the very real possibility that Lightning either won't work as promised, or will create huge economic centralization.  FWIW I hope this doesn't happen- I hope Lightning works as well as its proponents promise.  But there are a LOT of unanswered questions.  So in that sense I consider BCH a hedge against Lightning's failure.  If Lightning fails, then BCH has a LOT of long term prospects, because they will be handling all the payments that BTC said it didn't want.  
5. On SegWit...  
SegWit transactions take up less 'official' block space than non-SegWit transactions.  Therefore people who claim SegWit is a 2MB block size increase are only correct if 100% of all the transactions are SegWit transactions.  If only a handful of the transactions are SegWit transactions, then we aren't going to get 2MB blocks.  That's what I was saying.  
Now a lot of people don't use SegWit because their wallet/exchange/etc doesn't support SegWit.  But if I'm sending money to you, that can only be a SegWit transaction if both whatever you use to send and whatever I use to receive support SegWit.  This takes time.  
6. On fads...  
*Cryptocurrency* is definitely not a fad.  Bitcoin is probably not a fad.  But I think a lot of the value is based on the forward projection of Bitcoin being 'the future of money'.  If Bitcoin is only 'the future of gold-type long term value storage' then it becomes a LOT less interesting to me (and many others).  
If it costs $20 to spend Bitcoin, nobody will spend it.  It will be much like Gold is- people buy it because they're confident it won't drop in value too much, but nobody spends it because spending it is a pain in the ass.  
That leaves an opening.  If another crypto comes along that can do payments and scale, then its value will go up.  That will take a lot of the wind out of Bitcoin's sails.  
Think of it this way- when you first heard of BTC however many years ago, if someone told you it was just e-gold but that you couldn't spend it, would you have had much interest?  
@_date: 2017-12-16 17:16:54
Yes, I think it's very likely that Bitcoin will hit $10k before Christmas.  It might even go higher than $10k.  Not certain, but looking at recent charts I think it's a very strong possibility!  
@_date: 2017-12-18 08:00:44


Seriously?  Come on dude, don't ask dumb questions like this.  Everyone knows computers only work during normal business hours, as they won't continue to function without a human operator present.  
Besides the bank probably only has $500 billion worth of deposits, you can't expect them to pay a computer operator to sit there 24/7...
...yeah it's pretty damn pathetic :\
@_date: 2015-12-08 06:33:59
Yes that's correct.
Think of it this way:  Every transaction (except for coinbase transactions where miners get paid) has one or more inputs and zero or more outputs.  The only checking done on this is to ensure that there's at least as much input as there is output.  If the input is greater than the output, the difference is the miner fee.  
So if you have 1BTC input, and 0.5BTC output, then the unspent rest doesn't stay in your wallet, it's the miner fee.  To keep that 0.5BTC you have to send it back into the wallet.
offlinebitcoins should be good for making this kind of transaction- it tells you at the bottom what the total miner fee will be...
@_date: 2015-12-07 03:42:28
Try using the offlinebitcoins.com link.  Remember for source put the private key and the exact amount stored on that key, then add multiple inputs- one for the withdrawal, the other for the remaining balance (minus a fee) to go back to the paper wallet.  
@_date: 2015-12-10 06:33:00
I strongly believe that if the most useful thing Satoshi did was invent bitcoin, the second most useful thing he did was disappear before it got popular.
If Satoshi was around, everybody would hang on his every word.  Whatever he says would be gospel.  He'd have constant attention of governments, investors, miners, etc.  Since he holds so many coins, there would be constant speculation about whether things he did were driven by profit motive.  Governments would likely try to file some sort of charges against him (as they did with the E-Gold people).
Bottom line- he would become a focal point of Bitcoin attention, distracting away from Bitcoin itself or the science behind it.  That would not be helpful, it is neither wanted nor needed.  
**At this point, Bitcoin is better off without Satoshi.**
I strongly suspect that Satoshi, whoever (s)he is, would not make mistakes like this guy has.  I think they would remain very well hidden for many years or decades and they would not spend their coins until Bitcoin has reached a place where nobody will care anymore.  
@_date: 2015-12-27 21:48:19
Amen to that.  IMHO, the biggest problem we have today is not the 1MB cap, or a hostile fork, it is the breakdown of communication and resulting hostility.  
@_date: 2015-12-30 05:02:31
...with a mining chip.  Don't forget the mining chip.
@_date: 2015-12-30 05:40:38
Yeah something like that.  Mining wise it's nothing special, you can find better GH/$.  
I look at it more as a dev kit or proof of concept than a consumer product...
@_date: 2015-12-28 01:53:54
Gotta admit I got a chuckle out of that, nicely done :)
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:37:50
Honestly I don't think 'hodl' is holding anything back.  
Right now I think the biggest thing holding Bitcoin back from mass adoption is that it's currently not useful for purchases.  
One of the most effective Bitcoin demos I used to do was have the person download a wallet on their phone and I'd send them a dollar.  Just like that, they have a dollar, no need for banks or setup or anything, and it arrived instantly.  It was mind blowing for a lot of people who thought money could only be exchanged once you'd setup an account with someone and registered your email and whatnot.  I'd explain that anyone who wanted to transact could just download this software and bam they can send and receive money from anyone anywhere instantly and cheaply, be it $1 from me or $1 million from a guy in Fiji.  They start to realize how that could displace credit cards, bank transfers, Western Union, etc.  
Now I can't do that demo.  To send them a dollar I'd have to pay multiple dollars in fees.  That's not mind blowing, that's a ripoff.  
If we want to push adoption, that means we need actual *adoption*, like people using BTC to pay for stuff.  And that will only happen when merchants accept BTC, which will only happen when fees are low and confirmations are reliable and timely.  
Hopefully Lightning will bring that about.  Until then, we are leaving the door open for some other crypto to barge into the payments space.  
And without payments, we are just e-gold (which is of little interest to most people), we are just another volatile risky investment.  BTC can't be a reliable store of value when the price goes up and down by 20% in a day or a week.  
@_date: 2015-12-27 20:01:19
FWIW- I've followed Bitcoin since the price was sub-$1, and I've owned Bitcoin in varying amounts since the price was sub-$50.  I'm just as used to people not understanding as you are :)  
What I don't get though is why if you have two chains, one which works quick and cheap and has a majority of the miners on its side, and another which is slow and expensive and has 25% and dropping of the hash power, why would you stick with the slow and expensive chain?  
Personally I want Bitcoin to survive and flourish.  And I think maintaining a hard limit on the number of people who can use Bitcoin is antithetical to that.  I view the network as a service- the network (and those who develop it) exist to serve the users (the people who would use Bitcoin).  If we're telling some of them "the network is full, go away" then we are failing at our job.  


This is more or less correct.  In my own defense, I was half asleep when I wrote my post :)


If this happens, I would consider it a seriously hostile attack on Bitcoin itself.  If miners did this, it would be causing a huge disruption to Bitcoin for the sake of promoting an ideology.  It's dishonest, stuffing the ballot box, causing an (apparently unwanted) hard fork for no reason other than to make a point.  I would seriously question the motives of anybody who advocates such a thing.  I hope you're not a fan.  
You are correct that from a purely blockchain-centric POV, Core could theoretically overtake and replace 101's new chain if a large number of miners either fake their votes or switch back.
However what you're missing is that until that happened, the BIP101 chain would be chugging along confirming transactions at more or less full speed, while the Core chain would be hopelessly backlogged.  Even if 25% of miners fake their votes (so it's 50/50) this would still hold true, because if there's 1MB/10mins of transactions, BIP101 will simply produce 2MB blocks every 20 mins and stay ahead of the load, while the Core chain will build backlog at a rate of 500KB/10mins.  
Why would people vote for the backlogged chain over the functional one?  Now I've only been following bitcoin for like 4-5 years so maybe I just don't get it.  Can you explain this?
@_date: 2015-12-30 22:13:42
And by 'very quickly' you mean 'over the course of many years'.  BIP101 wouldn't hit 1GB until 2030.  
Here's the chart:
2016  8MB  
2018  16MB  
2020  32MB  
2022  64MB  
2024  128MB  
2026  256MB  
2028  512MB  
2030  1GB  
2032  2GB  
2034  4GB  
2036  8GB  
Perhaps you might want to check your facts before you say such things?
@_date: 2015-12-31 05:16:03
FWIW- I don't claim BIP101 is perfect.  Based on my experience going from 14.4Kbps to 100Mbps, I'm not so sure bandwidth will scale quite as fast as Gavin predicts.  
That said though, I think it doesn't matter because we've been talking about WHAT the block size limit is so much that we've forgotten to think about WHY it is.  
The limit was started in Satoshi's days.  It was first set at 32MB, then lowered to 1MB.  This was back in the days when a 200KB block would have been considered huge.  The idea was for the limit to be a last-ditch spam filter- so even if a well funded adversary was flooding the network with transactions, they couldn't crash the network with blocks so big they wouldn't relay or verify.  
We've forgotten that approach.  Now the limit is advocated not to prevent spam, but to encourage paying of fees, or to limit the number of transactions in a block.  True it's not expressed in those words, but if you talk about preventing blocks from growing, that's the only way to do it.  Neither would have been supported by Satoshi.  
So IMHO the important thing is for the *max* block size to stay ahead of the *actual* block size.  Assuming BIP101 was adopted tomorrow, while the limit is 8MB in 2016, I don't think we'll have anywhere near 8MB worth of transactions in 2016.  Same thing with later years.
@_date: 2015-12-26 08:30:52
Blowjobs- no idea.  I can say that since the value of 1BTC varies so much, most stores that take BTC price their goods in USD or other fiat currency and then present the BTC equivalent total at checkout.  
As for the Visa card- circle.com lets you fund with a credit card I think, perhaps that would work?  If not, try to withdraw the cash and then work from that.  
Or perhaps you will find a hooker who will accept your pre paid card.  
@_date: 2015-12-06 17:09:45
It's a better practice to replace the paper wallet if you use it.  
You can use bitaddress.org to verify that the wallet is good.  Do this offline just like making the paper wallet.  Hit 'wallet details' and enter the private key.  It should then tell you the address- if it is correct, that means the private key is valid.  
If you really want to safely spend part of your paper wallet, you can generate the transaction offline then save it to a USB stick and inject it into the Bitcoin network on another computer.  See here:  
Here's another site that lets you do offline stuff:  
@_date: 2015-12-30 06:38:15
Yes but it will mine many thousands of Satoshis.  Thousands!  And you can use them with 21.co's offchain payment network without transaction fees!
Jokes aside- I'm not going to give them too much shit because I think (underpowered mining hardware aside) they are doing something very useful- among other things, they are working on ways to incorporate micropayments into web pages.  
Imagine if instead of looking at an ad, you could pay a web page some pathetic little amount like 100 Satoshis to read the content.  Would you do that?  I would love to do that.  
Right now nobody does this because there are no standards to do it.  That's what 21 is working on.  
And while their $400 gadget may have pathetic hash power, it's the only thing I've seen in months that makes a real attempt to decentralize hash power.  
So while right now it's not a practical product (more of a dev kit / proof of concept), I'm gonna wish them luck and see where it goes before I make judgment...
@_date: 2015-12-27 13:25:15
I don't think this bit about BTC vs BTX is correct.  Let me explain why.  
So Coinbase is running BIP101.  Let's say that at some future point, BIP101 gets 75% of miners on board, and activates.  Sometime after that, the first &gt;1MB block is mined, and there is a hard fork.  
First- the two sides will relay transactions to each other, mostly, for a while at least.  As the two chains diverge this will happen less, but for the immediate aftermath of the fork, they will essentially be the same.  
Second, remember that the mining on each side of the fork ONLY works on that side of the fork, but difficulty is the same as it was before the fork.  That means that both sides will be mining more slowly post-fork because each side only has part of the full hash power.  
If the BIP101 chain has 75% of the hash power, that means that blocks will be produced at 75% of normal speed, aka about 1 block every 13 minutes.  Since these blocks can grow above 1MB, they can handle the extra transactions.  
The Core chain on the other hand will have a problem.  With only 25% of the hash power, that means blocks will be produced at 25% of normal speed, aka about 1 block every 40 minutes.  Since those blocks are limited to 1MB in size, that means the total Core-side transaction capacity will be 25% of previous normal, aka about 250KB/10mins.  We passed that volume-wise in mid 2014, and if the fork happens that means we'd be at or close to 1MB/10mins.  So on the core side, a great many transactions will either build up in a mempool backlog, or if one of the mempool cleaning patches makes it in, will be simply deleted as the mempool is cleaned.  
Now what about difficulty adjustment.  Well difficulty is adjusted every 2016 blocks, which is usually about once per two weeks.  The time it took to mine the previous 2016 blocks is used to set the difficulty for the next 2016 blocks.  
Except if blocks are coming out at 1/4 speed, that means (depending on when the difficulty adjusts) it will be as much as two months before the adjustment is triggered, and if it's less than that (due to the fork happening in the middle of the difficulty period) then the adjustment will be incomplete.  Bottom line, the Core chain won't be back at full 1MB/10mins capacity for at least a month or two.  
The point is, unless I'm missing something (and if I've got any of this wrong, PLEASE do correct me), in the immediate aftermath of a fork, the Core chain will be very backlogged and extremely high transaction fees will be required to guarantee block space, while the BIP101 chain will be working normally with normal fees, just slightly longer (13min vs 10min) confirmation times.  
Given that, I don't understand why anybody would want to stay on the Core chain, when the alternative is to pay more for a less useful system.  
Also, I don't think many of those 25% of miners would want to stay on the Core chain.  Miners aren't stupid, they go where the money is and a chain where blocks only come out at 40min intervals isn't so profitable.  So at least some of those 25% of miners would switch to the BIP101 chain, and every time one leaves the problem gets worse- less hash power means fewer blocks means less capacity.  
As for network overload- if some miners don't want 8MB blocks, or if 8MB blocks might cause more orphaned blocks, nobody forces miners to mine 8MB blocks.  They can keep mining 1MB blocks after the fork, or any other arbitrary block size that they want.  Many miners do this which is why we see empty blocks from time to time.  
...or did I miss something?
@_date: 2015-12-29 17:18:32
This is a potentially valid question.  I'm more worried about the fact that only 7 or 8 people control the majority of Bitcoin hash power than the fact that most of them are Chinese.  
The solution of course is to decentralize mining.  Problem is now that dedicated hardware is required (ASICs) the financials are such that only very well funded operations who have access to very cheap power can make any useful amount of money.
Now granted, the arms race as we went from CPUs to modern-process ASICs is mostly over.  So perhaps things will settle out and mining might be profitable for the average users again.  I'm not so sure though.
In the longer term, various corporations might start their own mining operations, if only to keep some control over the system.  BTCC has already announced that if blocks get full they will prioritize their own customers transactions for block inclusion.  I expect this to happen more now that blocks are getting full.  
The only real effort I've seen to decentralize mining is 21.co.  Not sure they're going to get anywhere though, their microtransaction system looks cool but it's probably not worth paying $400 for...
@_date: 2015-12-07 01:17:06
Just keep in mind as others have said, if you are generating an offline transaction you will need to include part of that transaction to send the remainder of the funds back to the paper wallet otherwise the miner gets them...
@_date: 2015-12-10 11:15:27
Maybe but IMHO the conversion rate is the LEAST interesting part of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin was useful at $0.25/coin, it was useful at $1150/coin, and it's useful now at $410/coin.  
Besides what if Satoshi is some sort of disreputable character, like a black hat hacker or convicted felon?  That could harm Bitcoin.  
Right now, the attention should be on Bitcoin, not on whoever may or may not have created it...
@_date: 2015-12-06 11:12:17


you're thinking of ghash.io ...
Part of the reason they went away was they were doing some scummy stuff, like attempting a double spend attack against a couple of popular gambling sites.  
Once people realized this, their popularity plummeted as miners pointed their hashes elsewhere.  
@_date: 2015-12-27 22:18:24
Agreed.  What's even scarier is that there are literally billions of dollars at stake here.
In fairness though- the vast majority of the vitriol is perpetuated not by the devs themselves but by the supporters of each side.  
Sadly, I've not seen much effort to calm things down.  
@_date: 2015-12-10 11:12:48
Okay in theory it could be stolen, or it could also be lost.  
And even if someone dumped all those coins on the market at once, we've seen the results of that sort of thing (Bearwhale).  Yeah it could cause a problem for a little while but that problem goes away in time.  
And remember Satoshi doesn't keep all his coins in one address, many addresses are suspected to be Satoshi.  He wouldn't dump them all at once.  They'd probably be emptied one at a time into a mixing service or some other sort of privacy system, so you could never track where they went.  
@_date: 2015-12-14 05:56:20
that's just crazy talk
@_date: 2015-12-30 04:59:10
I love that thread.  It's the exact same discussion and arguments as we are hearing today.  Literally nothing has changed except for a few of the faces.  
@_date: 2015-12-28 23:11:59
Okay playing devils advocate for a second- HOW do you have users do the vote?
Miner voting is easy.  Have them add some tag to the block and you count the tags in the last X blocks.  
But how do nodes vote?  Nodes do not all know about or talk to each other, no one node knows about every other node.  And since anybody can run a node, someone who wanted to game the vote could simply spin up hundreds or thousands of node instances and stuff the ballot box.  
I like the concept.  I really like the concept.  I think something like this is a great idea and desperately needed, IF it can be done safely and securely.  But I think figuring that out should come before assigning a BIP
@_date: 2015-12-10 10:41:05
I'm not so sure.  
Imagine if Bitcoin was designed with 20 million coins total, rather than 21 million.  Would that make a huge difference?  I don't think so.  
Now if Satoshi is alive, he knows that there are people tracking the coins suspected to be 'his'.  If a lot of them start doing something, people will take notice.  That means for the immediate future he can't touch his masses of wealth if he wants to stay off the radar.  
At some point in the future, if Bitcoin becomes very well established (probably another 5 years minimum, 10 more likely) he can use his money and it won't affect the progress or usage of Bitcoin.  He'll have to use a mixing service or something similar if he wants to stay anonymous, but 'SATOSHI IS ALIVE' won't make much difference.  
Now granted this gives Satoshi the possible ability to seriously damage a future Bitcoin-based economy simply by moving all his coins around at once.  If any one person owned 5% of all the dollars in existence they could do the same thing.  
But I don't see that happening.  I suspect Satoshi would spend his money slowly and as anonymously as possible...
@_date: 2015-06-21 08:35:02
You crazy.
Let me put it this way- you have a dollar, $1 worth of bitcoin, and $1 worth of gold.  Which one should you spend on your coffee?
Answer is it doesn't matter, as long as you can easily convert between the three.
And spending BTC makes merchants more likely to accept BTC, which will make the value of your BTC go up.
So I say spend the BTC, but then immediately buy more to replenish what you spent :)
@_date: 2015-12-30 21:59:59
Only a small-minded fool would say something like that.  
(see what I did there?  :) )
Being serious though, yeah I disagree.  The way to fight ad hominem attacks is by exposing them as ad hominem attacks.  Point out to whoever will listen that you are arguing the issue and they are arguing personality.  Makes them look stupid, and you keep the moral high ground.
@_date: 2015-12-30 08:14:35
IMHO, this is not helpful.  Complaining about the people here is just an [*ad hominem*]( attack, which gets us nowhere.  
Everybody (and I mean EVERYbody) has done something stupid at one point or another.  When I first heard about Bitcoin, the price was under 10 cents and I didn't think to buy any.  I was dumb.  
**Bitcoin is not about people, it is about technology and ideas.**  If somebody (no matter who) has a bad idea, attack the idea, not the person.  If somebody (no matter who) has a good idea, then help make it reality rather than complaining about the inventor.  
Both sides of this stupid 'war' are guilty of this.  Small block people accuse Gavin and Mike of creating a hostile fork.  Big block people accuse Core devs of being Blockstream corporate shills.  None of it helps us scale Bitcoin or increase adoption.
@_date: 2015-12-29 00:57:38
Okay I'm with you except for one thing- BIP65 (OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY) was not voted on by nodes.  It was voted on by miners in the same way that BIP101 is being voted on now.  Once 750 of the last 1000 blocks have a specified version number, the BIP is activated and new behavior takes effect.  
If you want to turn this into a standardized BIP, so there is a formal process for having *miners* vote on things, I'm all for that.  Then there will be a written procedure to follow next time there is debate over consensus rules.  I think the resulting BIP would be to manipulate the block version number in a predefined way that incorporates the BIP being voted on.  This would have to be done in such a way that multiple BIPs could be voted on in one block.  I'm all for formalizing that, although I'm not sure it will help much because of one big flaw:  
The flaw here is that in BIP65, as in BIP101, *NODES do not and CAN NOT vote on the outcome*.  That places a LOT of power in the hands of big mining operations, which are a very small number of people.  Remember [this image](  That's the mining panel in Hong Kong, those handful of dudes represent the majority of all Bitcoin mining hash power.  And their consensus was 'we don't want to rock the boat, we will wait for Core developers to tell us how to scale'.  Thus the current situation, where (by my reading) a majority of USERS want a block size increase, but because the MINERS don't want to rock the boat, it doesn't happen.  If the miners only listen to Core developers, then nothing has really changed.  
Now perhaps I'm being too pessimistic.  While the miners currently listen to Core devs, that may not always be the case, and if we hit the block size limit and it has negative effects perhaps the miners will start deciding for themselves.  And it is better to light a candle than curse the darkness...
@_date: 2014-08-12 15:41:31
It is true, but it was Steinmetz, not Tesla.














@_date: 2014-10-10 07:56:44
Fwiw, I appreciate your response, even though I strongly disagree.  Its through intelligent discourse that problems are resolved...
On cost of the spam:  what if it wasn't SatoshiDice?  What if it was Coinbase Merchant Services generating that transaction volume?  Surely we wouldn't tell Coinbase to stop processing their customers transactions because it's spamming the block chain and transaction fees arent covering it, right?
Besides, what is the 'cost'?  CPU power?  Disk space?  Lost nodes from people running out of those things?  How is the cost any higher for Dice transactions than it might be for Coinbase Merchant transactions?
My point is its easy to write gambling transactions off as worthless.  But as soon as you start doing that, how are we any better than Visa or any other organization affected by Operation Choke Point?  We can't.  Not by default at least.
You are right that the way to stop spam is to filter it. But this must be done in a consensus manner with the cooperation of the whole Bitcoin community, not a one off thing with one client, even if it may seem like a really good idea.
We can agree that miners and client users should have a choice.  But the point being (somewhat badly/angrily) made by a great many here is that most users won't realize this is happening, so they won't get to make their choice.  They will just turn it on and it will work so they expect it is working like every other client, and why shouldn't they?  
If you want a spam filter in the client you maintain, it should be a. Either opt in with a dialogue or off by default, b. Very obvious and explained to the user what it's doing and why, and c. Easy to configure to add or remove blocked entries and see which entries are blocked.  Unless I am misunderstanding this, it does none of those things unless you manually turn it off after install.
@_date: 2014-11-30 04:24:05


Copy and paste it to move BTC between Circle and Coinbase.
Or copy and paste it into an email or text Congo.
@_date: 2014-08-21 04:34:13
Here's a crazy thought, something to ponder...
What if, in 10 or 15 years, BTC and Gold metal have a fairly steady exchange rate, since they are seen as 'solid' currencies, but the dollar's inflation ebbs and flows making it seem the 'volatile' currency?
That would be an interesting situation...
@_date: 2014-10-10 07:36:26
I get what you're saying, but I strongly disagree for two reasons.
1. As I said in [my other post]( I don't think it is your place to impose restrictions on what people can spend their money on.  I think doing so is antithetical to the very principles on which Bitcoin is built.
2. I don't think SatoshiDice is spam.  Sure they are responsible for an awful lot of blockchain activity, but I am not so sure that's a bad thing.  
If bitcoin is going to grow as we all hope it does, the system needs to be able to process hundreds or even thousands of transactions every second. We can't just bury our heads in the sand and ask all of those transactions to happen off blockchain.
In the short term yeah it might make people not run full nodes, but the increase transaction volume is also spurring development of technologies that will make running a full node easier.  Gavin talked about this in his latest blog post, and as he mentioned some of the fixes may require a hard fork.
It is better that we deal with these issues now in the very early adopter phase while our problems are caused by a couple of gambling sites, then in the future when those problems are caused by people trying to pay for serious transactions and a hard fork is much more difficult.
@_date: 2014-06-21 23:45:29
Sales pitch is simple:
1. It costs us nothing to do this.  There is no risk involved.  Worst case scenario- I waste a few hours of my time setting it up and nothing happens.
2. The main benefit is not payments, it's exposure.  With the right marketing, we can market ourselves to the Bitcoin community and raise our online profile for free.  People who use Bitcoin are very enthusiastic, and they like supporting Bitcoin-friendly businesses whenever possible.
3. When our customers use BTC to pay us, it will work faster, easier, and with lower fees than credit cards.  Coinbase offers the first $1MM processing with no fees.  Unlike checks- Bitcoin payments cannot bounce or be stopped.  Once the payment goes through, the money is ours, period.  
4. Benefits for international customers.  An international customer won't be charged a conversion/exchange fee to pay us, and we don't have to wait weeks for an international check to clear.
5. Other companies have done this with great success.  Overstock, TigerDirect, etc are big ones.  Find some small ones- there are plenty of success stories floating around forums like where small businesses got lots of extra business from the Bitcoin community.  This reinforces how Bitcoin supporters will choose a BTC business over a non-BTC one.  Dish Networks is signing up.  Big guys are taking this seriously and making lots of money by doing so- it's not a joke or a fad for computer nerds.
6. We're a specialized industry so it likely won't make as big a splash for us as it did for Overstock.  But it will provide exposure.  And worst case scenario- nothing happens, even if it doesn't work at all, we won't lose any money.
So what's the downside?
@_date: 2014-10-10 09:40:05
It hasn't brought to light any new problems, but it has increased their relevance.  In an ideal world that wouldn't matter, but in this world, core team dev time is a finite resource.  It's a lot easier to allocate dev time to scaling issues when you're running into scalability walls than when the problem appears years away.  
Right now, a hard fork is relatively easy.  The largest 10 mining guilds make up about 75% of all mining activity, so a relatively small number of people need convincing to adopt the update.  
In the future, that will likely change.  Big financial institutions will likely establish some mining capability of their own, if only to guarantee their own customers inclusion in blocks and/or make sure a handful of random guild operators don't get too much power over the US financial system.  At that point it becomes much harder to fork anything.
@_date: 2014-10-10 07:40:21
But what about the positive effects of this attack? I'm completely serious, hear me out...
One side effects of satoshidice is it has forced the Bitcoin community to tackle issues of scalability. Scaling issues have been pushed down the road a fair bit, but as bitcoin is hopefully going to be getting a lot of mainstream acceptance in 2015, now is the time to be fixing those. 
Us in the BTC community love to talk big talk about replacing conventional monetary systems, but if we can't even handle 7 transactions per second how the hell are we supposed to handle 4000+ to compete with Visa or MasterCard?  If one idiot with a gambling script causes such damage that we have to ban him on a client level, we should just pack up and go home right now.
@_date: 2014-04-08 17:18:35
Agreed.  This is a great video, but I think you should focus on people decrying the 'criminal infested' Internet, because it's obviously silly.  Then put maybe 10-20 seconds tops into people complaining about Bitcoin crime, just to make the association.
@_date: 2014-10-10 17:18:16
The bit about theft was not referring to Luke's contribution. It has been theorized for some time that one way to stop stealing of bitcoins would be to blacklist stolen coins so they can't be used in the future. That's what he was talking about, not Lukes patch.
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:14:20
its a movie reference
@_date: 2014-11-11 19:43:49
They probably have a basic bitpay account and didn't verify it.  Once you go through the AML/KYC stuff the limit goes away.
@_date: 2018-05-02 01:30:21
Oh, then that's fine.  Set the beacon interval to like 1000ms (if it offers that), set just one network to be output, and then you just have a 'Buy Bitcoin!' beacon in the network list w/ no disruption.  
@_date: 2014-07-11 21:40:56
Coinbase has something similar.  They have a subscription API, it works very similar to PayPal subscriptions.  When you sign up, you authorize Coinbase to begin the subscription.  The company can't change the rate without you re-approving the subscription.  And you can kill it at any time from the Coinbase website, doing so informs the company that the subscription is gone so they can sync their billing and product systems.
@_date: 2014-10-10 07:17:34
Honest reply:
SatoshiDice generates a lot of blockchain activity but they are not a block chain spammer per se, they pay transaction fees just like everybody else..  A patch like this prevents users from being able to interact with services they want to pay for.  
An equivalent 'feature' would be a web browser that prevents people from buying things from companies with a poor environmental track record.  Nobody would accept a web browser like that, because it is not the job of the web browser to dictate the conscience of the user.
Just the same, it is not and should not be the job of a single Bitcoin client to decide what users should and should not be allowed to pay for.  
If you feel that satoshidice is harmful for the blockchain or bad for the Bitcoin ecosystem, you should talk to other leaders within the Bitcoin community and the Bitcoin Foundation, and discuss if and how such problems should be fixed. 
But you should not, under any circumstances, dictate your own personal opinions into restrictions on what users can do with their own money.
@_date: 2015-12-28 22:14:47
That's how Satoshi said to do it.  Pick some block that's months or years in the future, and say 
    If BlockNum &gt; X, THEN MaxBlockSize = Y
This gives everyone time to upgrade.  No need to contentious forks, node developers and custom system operators (exchange/wallet/etc) can build in the change as part of their regular release cycle.  
Problem is, that requires the Core developers to get behind the change.  Right now they show no interest in such a change.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:10:09
Okay I'll bite.
1. Did you guys lose access to your cold wallet?
2. If so, was the key to it in some of the stuff the US Feds raided?
3. Is the leaked document authentic?
4. Has anyone come forward to try and buy out Gox as per the leaked document?
5. When will Litecoin support be enabled?
@_date: 2014-10-10 08:02:58
Didnt read the whole multi page thing, just the lukejr post, let me know if I missed something...
It seems lukejr considers SatoshiDice to be a malicious attack on the block chain.  I do not agree with that.  Dice may not be efficiently built, and the wisdom of using the blockchain to track individual bets is worth discussing, but they are NOT a malicious attack.  A malicious attack exists explicitly to break things. Dice does not want to break things, they want to male money off gambling.
@_date: 2014-12-30 01:39:07
Lots of porn relies on recurring subscriptions, but this is also a problem.
People ARE willing to pay a reasonable price for quality porn.  But there's a lot of 'risk' in the transaction- nobody wants "CumFuckMyHairyAss.com" on their credit card bill, and they especially don't want a scammy porn company becoming impossible to cancel or even legit sites that will keep billing until the end of time and they forget about them.  
There are a lot of spammy/scammy porn companies out there who do bad things with billing.  And there are a lot of honest customers who would rather file a chargeback than admit to their spouse that they pay for porn.  So they chargeback, and the porn company's CC fees go through the roof, etc etc.  It's a nasty cycle.
I'd rather see Bitcoin come in and transform the business model.  Pay a reasonable fee for a month membership, or do microtransactions per-video-download.  Once you make the transaction frictionless, and not require the user to put in their personal information, people become a LOT more willing to shell out cash.
@_date: 2014-10-10 17:43:18
Big props for listening to the users and changing your position.  That seems an increasingly rare thing among humans these days.


If we are to implement filtering of this sort, THIS is the way it should be done.  And by default it should be 'off' or 'vanilla' or nothing at all (and the system refuses to start until one is selected by the operator).
@_date: 2014-08-06 15:04:53
What the fucking fuck...  some dumb kid swallowed a magnet and now we are banning magnets nationwide?  What the hell happened to this country?
Back when I was a kid (which wasn't even that long ago) if you needed surgery for eating magnets you would be humiliated at school and made fun of for being the dumbass that you are, and that would be the end of it.
We're becoming a nation of fucking pussies.
@_date: 2014-09-28 10:33:06
Thanks!  :)
@_date: 2014-11-21 07:17:59
I'd agree with most of that, but that illustrates exactly my point.  You can't label people and then assume everyone under that label is exactly the same.
We both consider outselves part libertarian, but neither of us subscribe to the extreme views some libertarians embrace.  And while I hope you agree I'm not crazy, I'm a Bitcoiner.  But you're willing to group myself and "99%" of those like me in with those three kooks from the video and write us all off as crazy :(  And I think that does a lot of us a disservice.
Not all of Bitcoin fans like it because they see it overthrowing government controls on money.  I like Bitcoin because I think it's a disruptive technology, as someone put it a while back, Bitcoin "Replaces a worldwide tangle of financial middlemen with an elegant application that will run on a smartphone".  I like Bitcoin and blockchain technology because it enables great revolutionary things like smart contracts, and evolutionary things like letting a worker send money home without paying 10% to a Western Union type company.  
I look at the state of payments... our credit card companies are just now getting around to replacing 40 year old tech (mag stripes) with 20 year old tech (smart chips).  Mobile companies are trying to add NFC, but it's still going through the same systems that take the same percent or two out of every transaction.  
I see Bitcoin today as E-Mail was in 1994.  Still an early adopter techie toy, but with the potential to seriously disrupt how business is done.
So I ask, don't write off the tech as a wingnut libertarian's fantasy just because a few wingnut libertarians like it...  :)
@_date: 2014-12-30 03:52:26
While it might be less than desireable to clog the blockchain with 25c transactions, for the penny or two miners' fee it would work so it's not out of the realm of possibility.
That said, making it work is more of a sales tool than a useful business strategy, a way to show your site is legit.  For me personally- having to create an account with anything is a hassle; yet another thing that may send me email, yet another password, etc.  So I only create accounts for things I'm really interested in using, I don't just sign up for stuff that I think I might use at some point, because then I get a ton of useless email.
Now let's say you're a cam site (for example, no idea what your user acquisition process is like).  Let's say I'm a horny dude who's found my way around to you by whatever means and I'm clicking around looking at feeds.  Now I see a performer that catches my eye.  I like them, and I want to engage, but I don't have an account and I haven't used your site before.
Old way:  I have to create an account, verify my email, put in credit card / expdate / CVV2 / address / city / state / zip / phone then buy credits (and now I can't show my credit card bill to my accountant), and only finally after all this crap is done can I start tipping that performer.  You lose a LOT of people who might be willing to pay in that process, not to mention it's a real buzzkill to go from looking at a hot performer to filling out credit card forms.
New way:  Forget accounts, forget everything.  Giant button below the vid "Join in for only 50c!  No account needed!".  I click that, and I see two things:  a QR code (BTC link for 50c worth payment request), and a "guest chat name" box to type in a username.  Below the QR code are buttons to fill up my tip wallet as I come in- $0 $1 $5 $10 $20 (which change the QR code's request amt).  I type in a name, click $0, pay the 50c, and I'm in as Guest-$nameichose.  10c goes to the performer, 15c goes to you, the rest goes in my 'tip wallet' which I can tip to the performer (with a nice visible 'top up tip wallet!' button below that.  That gives me an incentive to start tipping, because it's 'free'.  That way I have the opportunity to tip a performer and get a photo or have them do something or whatever, and it provides a positive experience incentive to add more tip funds.  
At any point I can sign up for an account (just provide an email and password for example); this makes it easier to save tips if I change browsers and I also get a real username (not guest-$name).  
By making the system very approachable in this way, you can attract casual customers who ordinarily wouldn't have considered paying for one of those sites.  If they don't enjoy it, you've still made a few pennies.  But if they do, they will make an account and come back and tip more and then you're making real money...
@_date: 2014-03-10 03:17:35
I think the bitcoin community should adopt this image.  Whenever somebody who doesn't know about Bitcoin asks who Satoshi Nakamoto is, we will give them this and say it is the only known image of him before he disappeared...  :D
@_date: 2014-06-19 02:18:58
This raises all kinds of questions...
What is the age of consent for a gun?  
What is the penalty for a gun who improperly touches an underage gun?  Does it have to go on a registry?  
Are [short barreled rifles]( any good in bed?  Can they truly satisfy the needs of their partner?  
All of these questions need answers...  :)
@_date: 2014-01-02 16:40:27
That is, IMHO, EXACTLY why Bitcoin will be good for porn.
One of the biggest reasons people don't pay for porn is because of this type of nonsense.  They worry that they will get signed up for some kind of auto renew plan that they won't be able to easily cancel or will forget to, or they will end up getting signed up for other things buried in page 47 of the user agreement.  
In short, they worry about losing control over their money.
They also worry about their wife/mom/whatever seeing "TeenAnalCumSluts.com" on the credit card bill.  I suspect that's where many porn chargebacks come from-- "uh, no honey, I, uh, I have no idea where that came from.  I, uh, I guess my card musta been stolen!  Yeah that's it, my card was stolen!  We should, uh, like, report that to someone maybe..."
Bitcoin puts customers IN CHARGE of their money.  Providing a payment to a merchant DOES NOT give the merchant enough to yoink another payment out of the customer, and that's a GOOD THING!
If this forces porn sites to adopt more honest business models, it will be good for porn and good for consumers too.  I'm all for it.
And as for recurring payments- IMHO these should ALWAYS be customer-side.  IE you do something in your wallet or on Coinbase that automatically SENDS the payment, instead of the merchant doing something to automatically TAKE the payment.  The process should be as streamlined as possible, but it should still be 100% under customer control.  Cancelling a recurring payment should never require the assistance of the merchant.
@_date: 2014-06-19 17:40:12
bahahahaha this is the funniest thing I've seen all day.  A politician who uses his own campaign website to troll a troll?  Priceless.  
I may not be Texan, but you've earned this, for whatever little it helps
$10 verify
@_date: 2014-10-10 10:19:27
All valid.  
Stolen coins could be offloaded by immediately sending them to a mixing service before they get blacklisted.  It may take the victim of a few days to notice the theft, after that the bitcoins will be long gone or mixed.
Besides, bitcoin is consensus based and you would have to get a majority consensus to start running the black list software. Otherwise it becomes a crapshoot whether his coins will be blocked or not. 
That could create a situation where he can send the coins to somebody that does not use the black list, then that person would be unable to use those coins with somebody who did use the black list. This would get very confusing very quickly, and in my opinion it would make Bitcoin as a whole unreliable because you'd never know if the coins you just got were about to be declared stolen or not.
@_date: 2014-02-13 20:56:28
Actually it was Blu-Ray that was betting against porn, Sony wanted to keep porn titles off Blu-Ray.  The porn industry as a whole withheld their endorsement until a winner was declared, but they were leaning toward HD-DVD due to fewer restrictions, easier publishing and lower costs.
Near the end of the format war, when Blu-Ray was starting to look like the winner, Sony let up and decided to allow blu-ray licensing to porn companies, thereby putting one of the final nails in HD-DVD's coffin.
@_date: 2014-10-10 08:55:25
"The monster never sees a monster in the mirror.  We all have good reasons and justifications for what we do."  -J Michael Straczynski
luke is doing something he feels will be beneficial to the Bitcoin network.  At least I choose to give him the benefit of the doubt and assume that, as he hasn't shown any evidence otherwise.  
@_date: 2014-02-13 21:15:24
Perhaps not a divining rod, but definitely a leader.  There have been many technologies first adopted or made popular by porn- online paid content distribution and online video are big ones.  Back in the late 90s/early 2000s the only ones making any money online were the porn companies.  
There's also a self-fulfilling prophecy aspect- people expect porn to lead so they naturally follow with certain things.
@_date: 2014-12-30 03:13:08
That's where the beauty of Bitcoin comes in.
Want to buy something digital?  You don't need a credit card, you don't need an email, you don't even need an account.  Just click the 'download' link, scan the QR code that pops up, hit Pay on your phone, and the download starts.  Whole thing's done in like 15 seconds.
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:07:37
I'm going to go with [This...](
@_date: 2014-11-21 02:08:10
I do not mean to twist your words, but I think you are grasping for something negative to hold against Bitcoin or Bitcoiners.
I'd point out that [of the three of them]( only one was wearing a Bitcoin logo of any kind.  So the piece is about both Bitcoiners and people who might not be Bitcoiners.
The fat guy in the middle is wearing a radio that looks like a ham radio.  That's one out of three guys.  Just like Bitcoin, the radio wasn't mentioned.  Should we say then that this segment is about ham radio operators just as much as it is about Bitcoin?
Or let's do a better correlation:  100% of those three are men!  So this is definitely a segment about men, right?
My point is, any person you select will belong to a great many different groups.  Men, fat people, people who own cars, people who shoot video in public, Bitcoiners, politically active people, gun owners, people with glasses, ham radio operators, etc.  All of those demographics are present in those 3 idiots.  
**But just because those 3 guys are part of the afore mentioned groups (including Bitcoiners), doesn't mean that they REPRESENT anything about the afore mentioned groups, or that the segment is about those groups.**  Plenty of men aren't assholes to parking attendants, plenty of fat people aren't libertarian, plenty of people who own cars actually appreciate parking attendants, plenty of people who shoot video in public do so in a non-obnoxious manner, plenty of Bitcoiners aren't hardcore anti-government libertarians, plenty of politically active people don't harass civil servants, plenty of gun owners are Democrats, plenty of people with glasses would rather see these 3 arrested, plenty of ham radio operators don't wear their radios in public, etc.
Now, that all said- what I will give you is that there IS a correlation between anti-government Libertarians and Bitcoiners.  Many people who like Bitcoin are also anti-government Libertarians.  But please don't assume all Libertarians are like these three, because that's just as false a comparison as saying all men are like these three, or all Bitcoiners are like these three.  
@_date: 2014-10-10 17:16:54
I disagree.  Obviously we must evaluate if the result of his contribution is helpful or not. And if it is not helpful, then we should seek to remove it. However in general, I would rather have somebody that thinks they are helping and actually gets up and does something then somebody with a nice idea who sits on their ass and does nothing.
@_date: 2014-10-06 06:44:16
This may seem stupid, but I agree with Throwahoymatie.  I'm also in this for the long term.  I bought at $500, I bought at $400, and I'm buying now at $300.  Is it going to go down more?  Maybe, I don't really care.  I'll be buying then too.  
I do this because I believe in the long term it's going to go way up- $1k, $10k, $100k, something like that.  I'm talking years, decades even.  I don't give two shits about what happens tomorrow or next week, I care about what happens next year or the year after.
And with that long term belief in mind, I'd rather be buying at $500 and have bought in case it goes up, than have it go up without me buying in because I thought it was going down more.
I also remember the First Principle of Bitcoin Investing- Don't invest more than you can afford to lose.  
@_date: 2014-10-10 17:27:22


And this thread is a perfect illustration of decentralisation at work :-)  
@_date: 2014-11-23 07:50:31
I think disappearing before Bitcoin really took off was probably the second best thing Satoshi did for Bitcoin, coming in right behind inventing it.
When there's an obvious person in charge, people will make it about the person.  Bitcoin is about Satoshi or any one person, it's about solid technology that removes the need to rely on any person.  By disappearing before Bitcoin took off, Satoshi ensured that anything related to him would never distract from Bitcoin itself.
So I don't care at all who Satoshi is or is not.  I hope he stays hidden and isn't found for a very long time.  Not because he doesn't deserve the credit, but because he would be a celebrity which is something Bitcoin doesn't need at all.
@_date: 2014-11-20 21:37:12
It's even less about Bitcoiners than it was about concealed carry, or perhaps the wisdom of white people wearing afro-style hairdos.  Both of those things were mentioned by name in the video, Bitcoin was not.  But nobody would argue this video is debating the merits of concealed carry, or the wisdom of a particular hairstyle.  Why then is Bitcoin relevant?
If the guy wore a Pantera T-shirt, would that make this segment about Pantera music?  If he was shown driving a Subaru, would this video be about Subarus?  If he was shown eating a cheeseburger, would this video be about what toppings go best with bacon and cheddar?
Of course not.  While the Bitcoin logo appeared briefly on a bandana, that does not make this segment 'about bitcoiners' any more than it makes the segment about any of the other million things those guys are fans of.
@_date: 2014-11-28 22:34:56
 is probably the easiest to use version of this.
I haven't seen any services doing this in a manner integrated with a payment processor yet though.  I think that's largely a matter of motivation- consumers aren't demanding it (we're happy just to see BTC accepted at all!), merchants have no incentive to add it, and processors (bitpay coinbase circle etc) don't want to get in the middle of transactions or confuse people...
@_date: 2014-11-21 07:43:40
My problem with Buttcoin is they seem to be generally anti-bitcoin and frequently express this view in a negative manner, IE getting happy when changetip gets banned from a subreddit, etc.
That said, I think it's important for Bitcoin as a technology/as a group of companies/as a community to have some criticism because you're right there is a bit of an echo in at times (although I think that's less due to circlejerking, and more because we're just all passionate about Bitcoin in the same way that people in are passionate about aviation).  But as an example, I think the efforts currently underway to get some documentation out of Sean's Outpost are important, as our 'token charity' I think some documentation is woth asking for.  
But I think Buttcoin (or what I've seen of them at least) take a more cynical 'can't we be done with this crap already' type approach...
@_date: 2014-02-13 22:15:25
Very true.  For a non-Bitcoiner, buying porn with Bitcoin would be difficult and time-consuming.
At the same time though, I think the two can be safely separated.  I see Bitcoin adoption happening on its own merits, check out bitcoinpulse.com.  For example- in the last month, the number of accounts on Coinbase has increased by **35%**.  If that's not explosive growth, I don't know what is.
I expect Bitcoin to become the 'small transaction currency' of the Internet, mainly because it has all the consumer appeal of PayPal, but without the huge fee to the merchant.  There are countless businesses offering small transaction digital products which could be sold in 1/4 of the user interaction time with Bitcoin.  I believe we are just getting to the critical mass, where things start to really take off...
@_date: 2014-12-19 18:09:53
Here's the thing
Making your game crypto verified is a good idea, but just because 100% of the people won't bother to learn how to verify it doesn't mean that has no value to them.  Thus, 'how long are you willing to spend to learn about crypto' is a worthless question.
If your game is honest, some of the people will verify that with the crypto and others won't.  But, the ones who don't WILL get increased trust in the game from the ones that do.
Take SatoshiDICE.  It does the same thing- verifiably honest through crypto.  Of the people who play it, MAYBE 1 out of 500 bother to verify anything.  But they trust the game because others ARE verifying it.
@_date: 2014-06-18 20:29:27


Because if you answer the question, it will be much harder to flip-flop when it becomes convenient.
Unfortunately we the electorate are so used to spineless politicians who will say whatever the person in front of them wants to hear, that the idea of someone who actually has beliefs (as opposed to 'current positions') has become entirely foreign.
Personally I hope you win, Texas could use more people like you.  Sadly i'm not from Texas so I can't vote for you :(
@_date: 2014-05-29 21:59:34
This is a valid complaint.  I can understand if a high risk transaction got delayed, or had a higher fee, but when large numbers of people are being told "thanks but fuck off" it gives Bitcoin a whole a bad rap...
@_date: 2014-02-08 04:42:38
Given what's at stake, I really really hope 'lofties' is full of shit.  If Gox does actually implode, it will be a huge setback in Bitcoin credibility.  They've been the 'poster child' exchange for years now, and in many minds are the oldest and most respected.  Bitcoin without Gox is almost unthinkable.  
Then again I could be wrong.  I've given up trying to explain what drives the Bitcoin market a long time ago...
@_date: 2014-07-13 00:11:05
Oh I agree 100%.  Ideally this would be some extension to BIP70 maybe.  
Problem is, if the subscription isn't running on a cloud service of some kind, it's a lot easier for it to fail.  What if it's running on a PC, and that PC then gets powered off, destroyed, erased, etc?  The service would have to check for this, IE if it expects a payment on Day 30, on Day 32 it would shut off your service and start bugging you for more money.  
And what if the PC is turned off and then turned back on later?  Should it re-send the missed payments?  
These are questions that need answering.  
@_date: 2014-03-21 23:26:54
Dumb question from a dumb American who doesn't drink very much tea
Every time I have seen tea in the past (either in a tea bag or otherwise) the leaves have been quite small (under 5mm or so)
In your product pictures, it appears that the tea leaves are very large (10-20+mm).
Why is that?  Are there multiple species of tea and I've just been drinking the small leaf ones?  Is it processed differently?
@_date: 2014-12-17 23:19:13
Well profit for the miners sure...
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:08:31
Put yourself in their shoes.
If you were doing upgrades, what is the benefit of just turning the site off without telling ANYONE?
Wouldn't you at least send up a smoke signal or something to let people know you were coming back?
The only reason (IMHO) you wouldn't, is if you either weren't coming back and weren't sure what the endgame would be, or if you needed to get the price down to buy cheap coins to make yourself solvent again.
Either way, it's fucked.  Hopefully nobody takes Gox seriously ever again after this shit...
@_date: 2014-06-21 18:00:11
Ahh yeah that definitely wasn't what I meant.  I just wanted to illustrate that excommunication from churches, while uncommon, seems to be generally accepted by society.
Many legal documents like that require a witness signature or notary stamp- I see no reason that can't also apply here :)
And you're absolutely right, legally there should be no difference whether a church is involved or not.  Any two people who sign the paper are legally partners, be them gay, straight, lesbian, whatever.  I mainly suggest getting rid of the word 'marriage' because it comes with so much baggage- if you call it marriage then all the religious people get pissed off about gay marriage.  I think removing the M-word makes it a lot less controversial.  Most opponents of gay marriage are conservatives who favor smaller government, so give them what they want (even if it's symbolic).  This way authority over who is 'married' is 'ceded' to the churches, but everyone gets the same legal rights.  Seems less controversial than shoving 'gay marriage' down everyone's throats.
And I'd also agree that ideally there shouldn't be a limit of two.  IMHO, as a general rule people should be free to create whatever domestic arrangement they want (as long as no abuse is taking place and everything is fully consentual).  And partnerships of &gt;2 people shouldn't lose legal rights just because they have a non-standard relationship.  
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:28:47
I've been having the same concerns also...
My trading strategy lately has been less active in and out, and more 'buy while low'.  So perhaps the best option is to go offline- I'd want a few key pairs that are stored on multiple media (paper wallet AND usb stick AND CD) so that'll take a bit of figuring out...
@_date: 2014-11-10 09:06:45
A good reply.  I'm glad you are doing right by this guy.
A suggestion to prevent this-- add something to the API for the user to input a 2FA into the client application maybe.  Or to generate a separate 2FA token for that API instance.
Change the API authorization to make it VERY CLEAR when you are authorizing a 3rd party app to spend money on your behalf.  If user has 2FA for spend turned on, the authorization process should be intentionally convoluted-- for example, authorized API for account access, then go back to security settings where 2FA is enabled, and create a 2FA exception for that app.  This should have lots of BIG RED WARNING SCREENS that make it VERY clear the user is giving someone else permission to spend their money.  Since there are relatively few instances when this is actually desirable, it should be hard to set up and made VERY clear to the user what is happening.
You might also consider limiting API spend access to verified developers.  If the app wants spend access the developer has to register a Coinbase account and get ID verified, and if the app wants to be able to spend more than say $20/hr/user, have such apps manually vetted.
@_date: 2014-12-16 12:12:07
Luke-jr's excellent idea from his apology [the last time he was called out on this]( emphasis mine:






@_date: 2014-11-20 20:42:09
For anyone that arrived here- **the video isn't about Bitcoiners**, it's about a bunch of guys from New Hampshire that feed parking meters so people don't get parking tickets.  Which is fine, except apparently they're total douchebags to parking attendants.
There are definitely some pushy Bitcoiners that would do well to tone it down a bit.
But I think there's a big difference between harassing people and asking merchants to accept a new currency.  
@_date: 2014-09-28 04:35:47
You need a slash before the u to trigger the bot.
u/Chang... Wont
@_date: 2014-10-10 10:35:59
Very true.  It is a worrying question, if one guy can slip something controversial like this into an important package, he could also slip in something malicious, intentionally or not.  The obvious solution is some form of crypto authentication, but that is somewhat more difficult to do when the problem is with source code that for many distributions will never make it down to the client.
@_date: 2014-08-21 05:54:41
True on all counts.
Although keep in mind- while people using BTC to store value might eat at gold's market share, if the devaluation of the dollar continues unchecked then there might be far more people jumping ship from USD than trading in their gold for BTC...
@_date: 2014-10-10 10:29:06
To be honest, I don't see it happening. Any sort of way of marking bitcoins as stolen would very quickly raises more problems than it would solve in my opinion.  I do not like theft either, however any sort of way to fix it would remove the whole concept of Bitcoin transactions being irreversible. Even if the intent is good, I think the price is too high. :-(
@_date: 2014-10-10 17:21:45
I never said anybody should be prevented from doing anything. If you want to run this patch, you should absolutely be able to. That is the whole point on which Bitcoin operates, a consensus of nodes. My complaint is that this patch is turned on by default, &amp; a lot of people who use it won't be realizing that it's running. I have no problem with giving the operator of a node the choice to filter out any traffic they see fit, I just want to make sure that they understand what exactly it is that they're doing and not have filters slipped in silently.
@_date: 2014-05-04 06:18:59
nothing really revolutionary here, if you are offline it just saves the transaction to submit later.
If you were hoping this meant sending signed BIP70 transactions over NFC or something awesome like that, well, this is not what you are looking for.
 
Still this could prove useful to some people though...
@_date: 2014-08-07 05:15:08
I've found Satoshi.
@_date: 2014-11-25 16:17:28
Newegg has stated there will be some Bitcoin specials, but they won't be announced until Black Friday itself...
@_date: 2014-08-15 23:41:00
Dunno about browser addons
But the best I've seen so far is gyft.com
You use them to buy Amazon gift cards, and spend the gift cards to buy stuff from amazon.  They have a points scheme too so you get 3% of your purchase back as points to deduct from your next Gyft order.
I've used them a bunch of times and they're legit- you get the gift card instantly and it works great...
@_date: 2014-10-10 17:27:52
Very true :)
@_date: 2014-02-14 08:29:42
This argument (while not totally invalid) reflects the inertia of a lot of porn viewers.  When good content is available free (albeit with some digging), it's easy to write off paying as a waste of money.  
However the same argument was made about music in the late 90s/early 2000s.  
What changed- the music industry got its head out of its ass and made it painless and cheap to buy music.  Sign up for Amazon/iTunes/Emusic and hit download, good quality DRM-free tunes arrive in your computer.  
When buying the product legally is easier and offers better value than pirating, people will throw their money at you.
I believe the same is true for porn.  If the prices are reasonable and the quality is good, AND if it can be done privately with few or no records, I believe tons of people will happily pay for porn.
@_date: 2014-12-27 08:26:49
That is one of the best Bitcoin ads I've ever seen.  Yeah it's dumb and doesn't exactly scream respect, but it's humorous and memorable, and it perfectly demonstrates the real functionality of that product.  
@_date: 2014-10-07 05:19:04
as far as I am concerned, that's the fucking winner right there  :)
@_date: 2014-12-27 07:32:44
I'm not saying they should.  If they started talking about blockchains and public key cryptography, the poor girl would be drowning herself in a vat of melted ice cream out of boredom.  
OTOH if you start the thing 8 seconds earlier, and show the customer paying with their phone, then you are also showing how EASY a bitcoin transaction can be (another powerful selling point).
@_date: 2014-10-10 20:25:23
Well yes that's the idea.  Most versions of the Stolen Coins proposal involve some kind of blacklist that all (or a majority of) Bitcoin nodes would subscribe to.  Nodes wouldn't relay transactions with those coins, and miners wouldn't include them in blocks.  Taken to extremes, nodes might reject blocks that include those transactions.
Personally I think while it sounds nice in theory, it's not a good idea in practice.  First you have to figure out who controls the blacklist and what the grounds for inclusion are, to prevent it from being used for blackmail or extortion or fraud.  Then you have to talk miners and nodes into using it.  And once you've done all this, you then have a real possibility of seriously screwing up the network as certain transactions or blocks are accepted by some nodes and not others.
IMHO, while stopping stolen coins is a nice idea, any attempt to do so would create a LOT more problems than it would solve.
@_date: 2014-02-13 21:30:59
I know Coinbase is working on some way to do recurring subscriptions.
Personally though I think the business model will have to change, and that's a good thing.  Right now much of the business model is to lure people in with cheap subscriptions and hope they don't check their credit card bill for three years (which many people don't).  
Of people who don't pay for porn, a huge number don't believe they can do so safely and privately.  They are afraid of having recurring charges with no way to cancel, or to have porn show up on their credit card bill.  This creates a self feeding cycle:  the business model relies on forgotten recurring charges, which is exactly what the user wants to avoid, so the user refuses to pay.
There is also the problem of chargebacks.  Porn companies get huge chargeback rates, partially because of unwanted subscriptions, and partially because of idiots who'd rather blame fraud than admit to their partner that they like porn.
I see Bitcoin as having the possibility of seriously changing the porn industry for the better.  When the user is in control of the transaction, unwanted subscriptions become a thing of the past.  And there are no chargebacks, allowing producers to pay lower processing fees and reduce fraud claims.  
**Most importantly though, it greatly reduces the friction of the transaction**.  Instead of having to spend a good minute or two filling out name/address/phone/credit you just pay and you're done.  The porn company doesn't even need to know your name.  It's a 'pure' transaction- money for digital content.  Instant payment, instant delivery.  
I believe this will greatly widen the market of people who are willing to pay for porn.  Take music as an example- back in ~2000, nobody paid because there wasn't a good legal option.  Today, lots of people pay, because the price is reasonable and *paying is easier than not paying*.  As soon as that becomes true for porn, the money will start flowing much faster than it already is.
@_date: 2014-10-07 14:19:25
Yeah I never understood the name either
@_date: 2014-12-26 09:20:35


(Not related to the subject of this thread)... This is spot on and it is something I think the BTC community sometimes forgets.  If you're making a startup website or mobile app, generally the WORST thing that can happen is some user data gets stolen.  Here, peoples' money is at stake, the worst case scenario is all of the money that your customers have trusted you with is stolen. That can be thousands or millions of dollars.
This type of responsibility requires an entirely different attitude towards development. It requires a much slower release cycle with a good bit more testing and auditing at every juncture.  The type of development cycle that is essential for a financial institution would be cripplingly slow for your average startup.
 
That's why I worry when I see a lot of start-up mentality companies flying around in the Bitcoin space...
Note that the above is just general commentary, it is not directed at Blockchain and it is not a criticism of Blockchain... 
@_date: 2014-09-28 04:34:00
That's the Right Answer :-) 
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:29:50
Okay let's try something a bit more softball
1. What inspired you to start Mt. Gox?
2. Do you have any advice for someone who wanted to start their own Bitcoin-related business?
3. What would you say is the biggest challenge you've encountered since starting Mt. Gox?
4. Mt. Gox is considered by many to be the  Bitcoin exchange.  What's it like being at the top of the Bitcoin movement?
5. What did you have for breakfast today?
@_date: 2014-11-23 16:49:19


No, but he's not wanted on charges of running a global whistleblower site either.  He's wanted on the charge of having 100% consensual sex where the condom broke, which under an obscure section of Swedish law makes consensual sex suddenly unconsensual.  The two women he had sex with had no interest in charging him, they just wanted him tested for STDs and have tried to get out of the case as much as possible.  For anyone else this sort of case would be considered a waste of the courts time, yet the Swedish courts have been relentless in their pursuit of Assange and have hunted him across several borders.  He now lives in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, with British police officers stationed outside the gate 24/7 to arrest him should he ever decide to leave for any reason.  Does this seem like a reasonable or cost effective way to deal with a guy who had consensual sex?
Assange has repeatedly stated that he would be happy to go to Sweden and answer for these charges, as long as they guarantee he will not be extradited to America.  If he is expected to america, he will probably be charged for numerous crimes which technically should not apply to him as he is not and never was an American citizen and thus is not subject to American law.  However the US has shown a propensity to play fast and loose with legal definitions, and could easily charge him as a "enemy combatant" or some other such nonsense on the justification that if he was an American he would probably be charged with treason.  in my mind this give him a good justification to be paranoid about being extradited to the US.
My point is, Satoshi probably would not be charged with creating a currency. He would be charged with something else.
And yes Satoshi has a big stash of bitcoins.  Or at least that is supposed, you can analyze the blockchain and look for patterns but you can't really tell who owns what.  While I worry about the market effect of having that many bitcoins in one hand, I don't think Satoshi would do anything with them that could destabilize the Bitcoin economy. I have no problems with him getting fabulously wealthy at some point in the future, he has created something really amazing and I have no problem with him profiting from it.  Besides, he can't really touch any of those bitcoins for quite some time. As soon as he does touch any of them, there are going to be big headlines, "Satoshi coins are on the move!".  So he has to wait until Bitcoin achieves a large amount of mainstream acceptance, much more than it already has today, I'm talking about the point when nobody will care anymore if Satoshi's coins are moving.  That's a few years away at least.
@_date: 2014-04-14 23:23:36
I think it has to do with which barcode scanners are used.  Laser scanners (the ones that project a thin red line) don't work at all with cell phone screens.  CCD and Camera scanners (whcih project a diffuse red glow) can read cell phone screens quite nicely.  
In general CCD scanners are cheaper, but for 1D (standard) barcodes, laser scanning was once considered superior due to longer range and better accuracy (resulting in faster scans at the checkout).  Laser scanners however can't read 2D barcodes (like QR codes).  In the last handful of years though, sensors and processing tech have gotten a LOT better, so now Camera-based scanners are usually faster because the scanner doesn't have to be perfectly aligned with the barcode (just wave the barcode in the general direction of the scanner and it scans).  Also, scanning cell 2d barcodes and phone screens is now a thing people are doing, so I expect to see laser scanners phased out of checkout lines...
@_date: 2014-09-21 05:00:38
They do.  If you're going to fly an aircraft that isn't a kit built experimental ultralight that's limited to a few hundred feet of altitude and kept away from population, it has to be registered.
@_date: 2014-09-03 22:54:35
In theory, sure.  A country can generally implement whatever internal economic policy they want, including specifying the official currency or even two currencies.
A good example of this- Eurozone countries that use EUR as official currency, or several smaller nations that use a larger nation's currency (such as USD, EUR, CHF, etc) as their official currency.
That said, I don't see it happening soon.  Mainly because people want physical currency in useful denominations.  Sure I can buy a minted BTC for $1000, but that dosn't help me pay for a $1.99 coffee and donut with cash.  Without this, anyone without a smartphone is unable to access or use money in any form.
Now this could be worked around with Trezor type devices, small portable wallets.  Perhaps something akin to the PlasCard from the Tekwar SciFi series- a tiny gadget that can hold any amount of currency, and can easily send it to another such device, but is cheap enough that you can own many.  It would have to be really cheap for this to work.  More likely though would be some kind of payment card, but again this only works in a society that's willing to give up cash.
As for value effects- the value would go way up, because now BTC is actually recognized by a government as official currency.  That government can demand that foreign governments treat their currency without special bias, which could undo many of the bad regulation and tax proposals currently under consideration (IE BitLicense).
For the country's economy, it would be affected in the same was as any other country that adopts a foreign currency.  It would mean the country's central bank no longer has much or any control over the currency, which some would argue is a very good thing.  But it also means that country's economy can be more greatly affected by the changing value of a BTC.  
Countries like Argentina though which have lived through years of BAD monetary policy, controls on currency conversion, and rampant inflation, would probably welcome this with open arms.  
Infrastructure- obviously merchant POS would have to univerally support BTC.  Payment protocol like BIP0070 would have to be used everywhere most likely.  This might actually not be too expensive though, because now every POS system no longer needs a cash drawer, and the receipt is a BIP70 digital receipt, so most wouldn't need receipt printers either.  
Some changes to BTC protocol would also be needed.  The 1MB block size limit for example will have to go, in order to allow the number of transactions per second (hundreds) that official status would require.  
@_date: 2014-10-10 09:56:44
The problem becomes, how do you verify a theft?  Who operates this black list? What happens when stolen coins are spent on legitimate items? The blacklist would then punish that guy for having received coins he had no way of knowing about.
@_date: 2014-06-19 02:20:39
The best solution is to guarantee transparency and competition, so the free market can decide.
Until and unless that happens, it's important to ensure that near-monopoly providers do not abuse their position.
@_date: 2014-12-17 18:03:00
Here's something to think about
About 3600BTC is created every day (10min per block = 6 blocks/hr, 6*24(hr)*25(btc)=3600BTC/day).
At $318/btc, that's $1,144,800.  
What that means is **$1.145 MILLION of NEW money must be invested in Bitcoin EVERY DAY *just to keep the price steady at $318*.**  That's on top of buys to cover whatever is being sold.  
Remember, back a year ago most of the well-funded people who were connected to BTC were investing.  The news was about price movements and regulation.  Then Gox folded and lots of those people stopped trusting the sketchy bunch of unregulated exchanges that double-pinky-swear not to steal all their money.  
Now, it seems like most of the well-funded Bitcoiners are setting up services to spend and use Bitcoin.  The news is about new BTC-involved products and services.  
If you want some explosive price movements, wait until the COIN ETF is online.  Then you'll see some movement...
@_date: 2014-03-11 06:20:59
No, the two operate totally differently.  Gox was an exchange and thus had lots of money under their control because thats how an exchange works.  Bit-card.de is not an exchange and has no reason to store anything.  They just print paper wallets onto plastic cards and sell them.  When you use a bitcard, the company bit card is not involved in any way.  
Now its impossible to be SURE that bitcard doesn't store private keys, although you can custom order BIP0038 encrypted cards from them, with that it doesn't matter what they save as it'll be useless without the passphrase (which they don't get-- just an intermediate key)
@_date: 2014-02-07 15:01:20


If you are for real, that is *FUCKING TERRIFYING*, considering the amount of money that goes through that place.  Glad I got out and switched to BTC-E several months ago...
@_date: 2014-12-17 22:48:49
Actually in this case that's INflation, not DEflation.  More units of currency are being created (as intended), this creates inflationary pressure but at a fixed and predictable rate.  What's been happening for the last several months is the rate of adoption/investment (the deflationary pressure) and the rate of creation (the inflationary pressure) have been about equal, thus the stagnant $300-$400 prices.  
Once the rate of creation slows (as it will over time), or if the rate of adoption/investment increases, then we'll be seeing deflation (increase in the value of 1BTC aka higher prices) again...
COIN ETF- right now if you want to invest in Bitcoin (FOREX-style), you have two main choices- hire a 'my wallet' type exchange like Coinbase or Circle and start buying, or sign up with an exchange like BTC-E, BitStamp, etc, wire them a bunch of money, and hope that they are more honest than Mt. Gox (even though most are offshore or mostly unregulated).  
As you can imagine, many investors are interested in Bitcoin, but aren't willing to jump through all these hoops in order to invest, especially when they hear that their Bitcoins will all be lost stolen if they don't do a bunch of backups and security stuff they don't understand and have no idea how to do correctly.  
To make an analogy- lots of people want to invest in gold (the metal), but not a lot of people want to deal with precious metal dealers and armored cars delivering gold bricks to their house.  So a better option is needed.
That option is called an ETF, or Exchange-Traded Fund.  Now a fund (as a concept) can invest in literally anything; by investing in the fund you are investing in whatever the fund invests in.  An ETF is a type of fund that you can invest in and trade the same way as you buy and sell stocks, using an eTrade type account and a ticker symbol.  
For example- GLD.  GLD is an ETF that invests in gold, they handle all the security and such.  So if you expect the price of gold to go up, you buy GLD, the same way you'd buy MSFT or AAPL.  If the price of gold goes up, the price of the GLD ETF goes up, and you can sell it and make a profit.  A trader can buy and sell GLD as often as they want, in whatever quantity they want.
COIN is the exact same idea.  The Winklevoss twins are working on starting a Bitcoin-backed ETF, which will have the ticker symbol COIN.  By buying COIN, you're investing in Bitcoin.  If the price of a BTC goes up, so will the price of COIN.  This allows an investor to invest in Bitcoin without having to set up a wallet, worry about security, or do anything at all differently than they already are.
This will open Bitcoin investing to a whole new group of investors- everybody with a stock account will be able to invest in BTC without opening any new accounts anywhere.  I expect there to be big demand for the COIN ETF when it arrives.
COIN is currently in the long process of SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission) approval, but should be ready in another year or so.  
@_date: 2014-11-23 09:11:24
Yes we name things after him as a token of respect.  That doesn't make Bitcoin about Satoshi.
When was the last time a comment Satoshi made caused movement in the exchange markets?  When was the last time a shady journalist interviewed Satoshi and took a quote out of context?  When was the last time some government tried to arrest Satoshi on a trumped up charge like they did to Julian Assange?  
When was the last time anything in Satoshi's personal life was used as a criticism of Bitcoin?
Answer to all of above is never.  Satoshi dropped off the planet before anyone important really cared about Bitcoin, so there was no opportunity for any of these things to happen.  He stayed just long enough to set Bitcoin on the right path, then got out of the way.  
@_date: 2014-06-19 15:31:27
Consider me VERY interested.
But as others have said I don't want to use my phone for every transaction.  Allow a no-2FA limit of either $x/day/week/month, $x/transaction, or have a separate sub wallet from which credit card funds can be taken without 2FA.  
I think the sub wallet is the best idea as it allows the user to pre authorize a large transaction by moving the appropriate amt of coins into the sub wallet before making a purchase.  If there aren't enough coins in the sub wallet, then the phone based 2FA is used to confirm spending main wallet funds.
BTW some fiat card issuers already do something similar.  If you make a large purchase or one that doesn't fit your buying profile its declined and you get a text message, just reply to the text with 'yes' and try the purchase again and it goes through.
@_date: 2014-11-24 08:33:30
Nice answer.
However there's a much simpler way to show proof of stake:  Sign something.
Every month, publish a report of total holdings.  Sign the report using the cold wallet's private key.
That signature can be used to prove (on a zero-trust basis) that you are in charge of that particular address.  But no coins have to actually move.  Problem solved :)
@_date: 2014-10-10 09:07:06
The analogy doesn't fit.
A malware site wants to infect my computer and steal my money or data without my knowledge or permission.  There is usually no legitimate need whatsoever to go to a malware site, and you'd be hard pressed to find a user who is bothered by the malware filter being on by default.  
I use Chrome myself and I love this feature, a couple times now it's kept me out of small sites hosted on infected web servers.  I'm glad it's on by default.
Dice OTOH is not malware, it's a service that the user is consciously and intentionally CHOOSING to doing business with.  The merits of this choice are not for us to debate, it's the user's money, they're allowed to use or waste it as they see fit.
The only valid complaint about Dice is that they generate a lot of Blockchain TX's.  For them to change it, they'd have to fundamentally change the way their service operates.  Their transactions pay miner fees and are for useful amounts of money (not dust).  
If Dice didn't reuse the same addresses, their traffic would be indistinguishable from 'legit' traffic.  So I then ask, how is it malicious?
@_date: 2014-10-10 17:15:26
I didn't mean that we should all just go with it, I just mean that he thinks he is trying to help and that is a very important difference.
@_date: 2014-06-18 20:36:08
A suggestion- you should put this on your website.  In a state like Texas, it's not going to cost you any votes, but it will prevent you from losing votes.  I realize fighting for gun rights probably isn't a core issue for you, but I still think you should put it up, if only to show pro-gun liberals (like myself) that you're an okay guy to vote for.
I'm not from Texas (although I have friends there and have visited serveral times), but I am a liberal/libertarian sorta-mostly-Democrat who supports the 2nd Amendment.  
Unfortunately our two-party system ends up pigeonholing candidates into 'liberal' and 'conservative'.  Someone with 'liberal' positions like yours (pro-marijuana, anti-spying, pro-LBGT, etc) will more often than not have 'anti-gun' attached somewhere.  And for a voter that feels strongly about 2nd Amendment rights, that can be a deal killer.  So if you don't mention gun rights, a voter will assume you are in favor of gun control but don't want to admit it.  
Just my 2c at least.  Wish you were running in my state :)
@_date: 2014-04-14 23:15:16
This is good to know.  There's a target not far away, and after the credit card thing I've stayed away (from what I read it sounded like they didn't have good security, but were storing everyone's cards anyway).  A Gyft card would allow me to shop with a lot more confidence.
BTW- I use you guys with Amazon every now and then.  Great experience, never any problems, works really fast, and being able to click through and apply the gift card pre-filled-in to my amazon is pretty awesome.  The 3% discount doesn't hurt either :)
@_date: 2014-10-10 09:11:36
1. Implement not as an attack:  I assume you mean by using some kind of hosted account system, you pay in, bet as many times as needed, then pay out.  That has drawbacks.  It prevents 'casual one-off' play, where one can make a simple bet instantly without having to start a tab or sign up for anything.  
2. When Dice started, I don't think this was around.
3. When Dice started, BIP70 was just a gleam in Gavin's eye.  I admit it'd be preferable to keep losses off-chain, but again that prevents the type of interaction they use.
4. I'm unaware of this.  Even if it did happen though, it's not up to Bitcoin (as a system) to protect users from shady operators.
@_date: 2014-11-21 02:26:14
I'm just saying though, a correlation is not a causation.
Also don't forget perception bias.  The cocky libertarian anti government types are generally the loudest and most visible, but that certainly doesn't mean they represent all Bitcoiners.  
I'd cite myself as example.  I consider myself part liberal part libertarian, but my libertarian views are that people should be left alone to marry/fuck/smoke whoever and whatever they want in the privacy of their own homes.  I like smaller government as a concept, but I recognize there are things (such as healthcare) that the government can probably do better than the private sector so less government isn't always the panacea to fix every problem.  
And while I think some cities are too overzealous of parking enforcement, I recognize that parking regs are there for a reason and in many cases life is probably better with them than without them.
Does that make me a 'cooky libertarian anti government person'?  I'm actually curious...
@_date: 2014-12-26 12:50:02
True, but it's a change that HAS to happen, for all our sakes.  Unlike any other financial system, once Bitcoins are stolen they're gone and there's no getting them back, so it's triply important that anyone we trust with our private keys has their shit squared away.  
Gox's failure was tolerated as a teething problem, but if Coinbase or Blockchain suffered a similar loss it would greatly hurt public trust in Bitcoin... and give regulators a 'consumer protection' angle to latch on to with BitLicense type proposals.  
And while subscribers love to repeat 'if you don't control the private keys...' type things, that advice is no good for the 'masses' we want to start using BTC.  Take someone through setting up a Circle account and show them how easy it is to pay for things and they're hooked.  But start talking about paper wallets and hierarchical deterministic key generation and offline crypto hardware and their eyes glaze over, then tell them if they don't do those things correctly their money will get stolen and you've lost them permanently; they will retreat to the 'safe' banking system where they can't lose all their money because they didn't do some technical computer thing correctly.
@_date: 2014-11-28 21:42:36
Yes it is, but you don't want it as part of Bitcoin.  It should be an add-on.
The reason 'unspends' (transaction reversals) are possible with credit cards is because there's a middleman as an arbiter.  If you pay by CC, and you feel you didn't get what you paid for, you can ask your bank to file a chargeback.  There's a dispute process (which is heavily weighted toward the cardholder) and the bank/Visa/merchant's processor deal with it and figure out who keeps the money.  
This is nice for cardholders, but shitty for merchants, because lots of people file fraudulent chargebacks.  This is a big problem for sellers of online porn, lots of people would rather file a fraud complaint than admit to their spouse/SO that they are paying for cumfuckfatanalsluts.com.  That's a big part of why credit cards take a percentage out of the transaction, to pay for the resources spent dealing with this.
Bitcoin of course has no such 'unspend' process.  If it did, then the whole system would be untrustworthy, because (without a 3rd party arbiter) any payment could then be withdrawn later.  If you have no guarantee the money won't evaporate, why would you trust it?  You wouldn't.
The solution is multisig escrow, which is already possible with the existing protocols.  It works like this.  Let's say A wants to buy something from B for 1BTC.  A doesn't want to give up the money until the product arrives, but B doesn't want to ship product with no guarantee of payment.
So what you do is get a trusted/neutral 3rd party, and you set up an 'm-of-n' address.  That means that the private key is broken up into 'n' pieces, and you need at least 'm' of them to spend the money.  In this case it's a 2-of-3 key.
So you have this 2-of-3 wallet.  One piece of the key goes to A (the buyer).  One piece goes to B (the seller).  The 3rd piece goes to a trusted/neutral 3rd party (the arbiter).  Any two of these keys together can be used to spend the money contained in this wallet.  Since two keys are required, neither A nor B can take the money individually.
When the transaction begins, A deposits the 1BTC into the m-of-n wallet.  That proves to B that the money exists and it's reserved for the transaction.  B then ships the product.
If the product arrives and A is happy, then A and B together sign a transaction moving the 1BTC from the m-of-n wallet to B's wallet.  B is paid and everybody walks away.  
If the product doesn't work and both A and B agree to a refund, then A and B together sign a transaction moving the 1BTC from the m-of-n wallet back to A's wallet.  A now has the money back, and everybody walks away.  
**BUT**, if there is a dispute- A wants the money back, but B doesn't want to give it back- that's where C (the arbiter) comes in.  C will listen to the story and decide who is right.  Then either C+A sign a transaction refunding A's money, or C+B sign a transaction completing the payment. 
@_date: 2014-08-21 14:01:44
I don't think the dollar is going to die.  But we've had lots of very unwise monetary policy for a long time- using monetary policy to boost the economy and paper over financial sector excesses and blunders at the expense of the currency's value.  That can't continue forever without consequences.
@_date: 2014-03-22 14:05:15
yes I have, unfortunately I don't think anyone else has :(
@_date: 2014-10-10 10:04:26
I am thinking long term.  Issues that are difficult to fix or require forks should be fixed while the network is still relatively small (pretty mainstream adoption).  
A proven scaling fix-- change the 1mb blocksize limit to something higher than 1mb.  There were a few more interesting ideas in Gavin's post, but this would work nicely.  It takes thought though-- I think maybe set a dynamic sliding limit based on the size of the last *n* blocks, like mining difficulty.  That way ideally its fixed for good.
@_date: 2014-10-10 10:10:24
Remember, ~~Luke isn't a bitcoin Dev~~.   He's a package maintainer of some sort for Gentoo Linux.
And I don't know him, but he's answered my questions here quite nicely.  I strongly disagree with most of his answers, but he has been civil and it's a good conversation.  
It's possible that his religious views may be biasing him against Dice, but he's not admitted to such a thing.  He HAS raised technical reasons though for his actions.
I still disagree with 1. Making such a fundamental change to upstream software and enabling it by default, and 2. I also disagree with his analysis of why such changes are beneficial.  But he has given me no cause to doubt his motives.
@_date: 2014-10-10 07:22:35
Its the way SatoshiDice works.  To place a bet, you simply transfer Bitcoin to certain addresses. If you win, you get more back. If you lose, you don't. The result is that a large volume of transactions go on the block chain since each bet takes one to two transactions. Some people consider this to be spam.
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:48:34
I would ask one major question:
**If you were running Mt. Gox, what would you do if (insert theory here)?**
I've given Gox a LOT of benefit-of-the-doubt.  But if they were honestly just rolling Midas, why the fuck would they be deleting Twitter feeds and saying FUCKING NOTHING when trading halts?  The only way this makes sense is if they need the price to fall so they can buy cheap coins in an attempt to regain solvency.
If brighter days were right around the corner, and a plan was in place, you'd be telling the world about these plans to restore confidence (again, unless you need cheap coins to restore solvency).
On the other hand, if everything is FUCKED, the exchange is insolvent, and you have no idea what you're doing, you will probably just curl up under your bed and hope it's all better in the morning.
**In the past, when Gox has had to suspend trading for upgrades or maintenance, they generally give people a heads up.**  This feels different.
Also let's not forget the document posted on scribd.  I suspect that, combined with the announcement by other major exchanges, there's a good chance that this is real (and perhaps an intentional leak to keep SOME confidence in BTC).
Either way- I strongly suspect that Gox as we know it is largely finished.  Few if anybody will be willing to do business with them again after this, unless SERIOUS changes are made.
@_date: 2014-10-10 10:54:23
@_date: 2014-05-30 01:23:43
Damn man, don't hold back or nothin', tell us how you really feel...
(sad thing is, from what I know of modern farming practices, I don't think your post is actually too far from the truth...)
@_date: 2014-03-11 07:26:28
Thats a cool idea... Etching the anodizing off the aluminum right?  Very cool idea.  Also slightly more flexible as you guys take a raw BIP38 key rather than an intermediate key, so one can re order cards if needed.  Price is a bit higher than bit card but right on what I'd expect for an aluminum card and the laser time for a two sided image.
Three suggestions-
1. Put LOTS of pictures on the website!  You need more :)
2. Offer a deep engrave option, if your laser can do it cost effectively.  This would etch the private key text into the aluminum itself much deeper than the normal image, making the key even more indestructible.
3. Custom images.  Limit it to b&amp;w or vector art, or even just custom text so you can easily tell one card from the next.
I might order a few of these to give out as gifts...  Much less likely to get thrown out by accident than a plastic card.
@_date: 2014-06-19 15:50:12
Yeah, US$
Fwiw this puts you guys on the map for me...  If you can actually make it happen, you go from 'an interestig multisig wallet system i should check out when i have a minute' to '[i need dis]( and I suspect I'm not alone in that regard.  Lots have talked about a BTC-backed fiat charge card, only one or two have done it and they charge the purchaser an absurd processing fee which makes the whole thing largely useless.
If you can actually make this work in a cost-effective manner, you will have a very bright future ahead of you :-)
@_date: 2014-02-28 22:14:38
Thanks for your candid answers!  You are truly an inspiration to us all.
@_date: 2014-10-10 07:07:41
What possible legitimate reason would there be for blocking satoshidice by default?
//edit:  apparently this guy thinks its spam and is so harmful it needs to be blocked on a client level.
@_date: 2014-07-06 06:19:37
Another thought-
Wear Bitcoin-logo t-shirts and hats.  
That may seem dumb, but there's a reason every clothing brand puts their logo on all their clothes.  It's even more useful with Bitcoin- lots of people have heard about Bitcoin and have questions, but haven't bothered to do any research.  Self-identifying as a Bitcoin person invites their questions and gives you the opportunity to explain things.
@_date: 2014-09-21 04:59:31


I think it's the gray line right below the tailplane, but is low contrast (black text on gray background) enough that in this poor quality photo it looks like a solid line.
Either that or the photo was a good quality photo, edited with a gray bar to cover up the registration number, and then a noise filter was applied to make it look like a crappy photo.
@_date: 2014-07-01 06:02:36
I think there is a lesson to be learned here.
The only way to use PayPal to accept payments is to keep no balance in PayPal or any account that is linked to PayPal.
If you absolutely must use Paypal to accept payments, set up a separate bank account solely for the purpose of taking the PayPal payments. Every night, transfer your entire PayPal balance to that intermediate account, and then empty the contents of the intermediate account (whatever previous PayPal payments have cleared) into your main account. 
That way even if PayPal locks your account and tries to pull balances out of the bank account linked to it, they will at most get a day or two worth of funds, the bulk of your money will be safe in your main account which has never ever been linked to Paypal.
Of course a far more preferable option is just don't fucking use PayPal...
@_date: 2014-10-10 08:53:25


No, no it's not.  Not even close.  
When I download a BTC client that claims to be a node, I expect it to relay transactions *according to the formulas approved by the core devs*.  I expect this because that's what EVERY node does.  
I do NOT expect it to arbitrarily ignore a specific subset of transactions because one guy (no offense intended) decided those transactions were less desirable than others.  **If this behavior was turned off by default, or if it was explained and the user had to explitily choose yes or no somewhere (no default either way), I would have no complaint whatsoever.**  I suspect most of the people in this thread wouldn't complain either.
Surely you have to see this?  It's the same thing with my web browser analogy.  Nobody would accept a web browser that filtered environmentally-damaging sites or sites that use too much bandwidth (even if that could be turned off), but they WOULD accept a web browser if it gave you the CHOICE to OPT IN to such filtering.
Unless I'm missing something, someone has to 1. know that your filter is there and 2. manually turn it off.  Lots of users won't realize it's there (and wouldn't want it if they knew), which means you've (in a sense) taken the choice away from them.
Perhaps a better argument against this sort of filtering is that it doesn't work.  Look at e-mail spam- early anti spam systems used static lists of bad senders, bad IPs, etc.  It didn't work worth a damn for email and it won't work any better for BTC.  Even if this thing DOES work, Dice will just switch to dynamically-generated betting addresses and the spam will be indistinguishable from other BTC traffic.
So I ask (honestly), what then?  Do we try to de-anonymize BTC transactions so we can filter out spammy gambling sites?  I say FUCK NO, because to do so is to destroy the very core of what Bitcoin is about.
Every transaction uses CPU power, disk space, bandwidth, etc.  That's how the system works.  You wouldn't complain if I sent you $5, so why complain if I send Dice $5 and they send me $10 back?  
I say Dice transactions aren't spam, because real money changes hands.  If it was just a bunch of dust I might agree with you.  But the transactions are just as valid as any other, you just disagree with their use (be honest) and they're done in a way that generates more TX's than necessary.  Doesn't make them invalid though.
If Dice transactions were 'real' though we'd be in deep shit very soon (sometime in 2015).  The network is still capped at 7TPS, and from Gavin's latest post, it sounds like that'll take a few more months to properly fix.  Until then, a large % of the traffic has made itself nice and easy for miners to deprioritize and few if any will complain if they do.  What's not to love?
As someone in IT, if half my users came to me and said "Hey EDC, we realize your links are overloaded so we made our traffic easy to detect, and you can slow us down if you need to during peak times" I'd probably break down in tears.  
@_date: 2014-10-10 09:14:42
(for the record, I'm not downvoting you...)
Sure it helps us get there.  It brings future problems to light while we are still a bunch of early adopters who will tolerate problems.  It's a stress test for the network, and it's brought to life a few problems that need fixing before we go big time.  Call me crazy, but I think it's a good thing.
You refer to Dice as abuse.  Now, honest question, is that because of the TX volume or because it's gambling?  Answer it to me if you want, but more importantly answer it to yourself.  
I ask this because the TX's on Dice aren't dust or small change, they're multiple whole dollars and they pay TX fees.  Sure there are more of these TX's than absolutely necessary, but if Dice used randomized addresses, those transactions would be indistinguishable from 'real' transactions.
IF Dice used random addresses, and their traffic was indistinguishable from any other, would you be here complaining about high network traffic?
@_date: 2014-03-14 04:40:26
You're thinking of [Satoshi Nakamoto]( inventor of Bitcoin...
@_date: 2014-12-27 07:32:54
mm, I think a long version of this ad (60s for TV or ~90s for youtube) could really pound in the message a lot better.  
@_date: 2014-10-09 20:14:50
My guess is it's people who see the button but dont understand what bitcoin is.  They click it, not knowing what's going to happen next, and then see a bunch of barcodes and numbers which confuse them so they leave. I would suggest add something to that payment page, sort of a "What's This" type link that very briefly explains Bitcoin payments and gives them the option to go back and pay a different way.
@_date: 2014-01-31 22:31:50
Near Grand Central Terminal.  GCT is a hub not only for the city subway but also for the commuter trains that go into the surrounding areas.  Placing the ATM near such a place would put it in a convenient place for all surrounding areas.
Ideally the location would be open 24/7.
If there are any 'bitcoin enclaves' or neighborhoods with high BTC penetration in NYC, I'm not aware of them.  If such a thing exists or starts to exist, that would be a good place to consider.
As a secondary enterprise- either use Bitcoin ATMs that support dispensing things other than cash, or buy a secondary machine and hack it to accept Bitcoin.  Sell MetroCards, amazon.com gift cards, USPS stamps, food gift cards, etc.
@_date: 2014-07-30 04:01:45
Hahaha I had a similar deal once buying BTC through BitInstant with MoneyGram.  Go to the drug store, wait on hold on the red plastic phone for several minutes, get a scratchy connection to someone with a thick Indian accent who takes a while to figure out what I'm trying to do, finally go to the register and explain to THEM what the guy on the phone (I think) tried to tell me.
All told it took about 20 mins of wasted time to send $200.  
I think the reason those systems are so fucking useless is because, and let's be honest here...  nobody uses them except poor people, poor immigrants sending money back to a 3rd world country, and people who get in a really bad situation and need cash sent fast.  Nobody else has any reason to deal with them.
And I think that's a market BTC could serve very well.  As WU takes their 5% cut or $10 fee or whatever, most of those fees are probably coming out of poor immigrants trying to send hard-earned money back to their even poorer families.  Getting rid of the parasitic fees would make a BIG difference in those situations...
@_date: 2014-03-14 18:42:13
@_date: 2014-12-27 03:11:50
This commercial might have worked as a :45 or a 1:00, but as :30 I think it could be a lot better.  It does a good job of making the point that BTC means less fees, but does nothing to explain how BTC works.  And the 2nd half of the ad where they stare at each other is just several expensive seconds of awkward wasted time.  It leaves the viewer with a 'so what happened?' non-resolved feeling.
A much better ad would have been using the cute ice cream store owner and a customer to demonstrate how easy a Bitcoin transaction is...
It does get the BitPay name out there so that is a good thing...
@_date: 2017-02-05 05:15:37
Not with that kind of attitude they're not.  
@_date: 2014-06-19 01:53:35
In general- I don't think anyone should be allowed to discriminate against any group.  And I would be VERY STRONGLY against any law that encouraged discrimination (such as a law banning churches from marrying gay couples, which would be wrong on several levels).  Please interpret that as broadly as you want, it's something I feel very strongly about.
What follows is sort of a long-form explanation of my reasoning, skip to the end if you want the tl;dr.
However once you run into issues of faith, you hit a snag.  A priest would argue that by forcing them to marry gay couples, you are forcing them to betray their faith, and give church endorsement to something the church is strongly against.  Churches are allowed to excommunicate parishioners for any reasons, including if the church feels the person is living in sin.  Part of that excommunication can include refusal of church services and functions, including marriage.  If you feel this is wrong, I suggest you look into the church of Latter-Day Saints (Mormons) and the church/cult of Scientology, both of whom excommunicate people ALL THE TIME for all kinds of reasons, and will deny marriage services/endorsement to excommunicated members.
Putting that in more legal terms- private clubs who operate on their own private property are allowed to control their membership as they see fit, including for reasons not considered acceptable by society at large, and for reasons that would be illegal in a publicly-funded type of club.  And many private clubs offer services and functions which are only available to members- for example country clubs where you can't play golf unless you're a member.  This is generally uncontroversial, it's accepted that if you have a private club you shouldn't be forced to accept members you don't want, even if your reasons for refusing a membership are dumb.  And if you have services designed exclusively for members, you shouldn't be required to provide those services to the public if you don't want.  
However, if you are a non-membership company that offers services to the public at large, and you then discriminate and deny those services to some, that is frequently illegal.
So when it comes to churches-  is a marriage a service offered to the general public at large and then denied to a few?  Or is it a service offered only to members of a private club (followers or supporters of that religion, or members of the church) and denied to non-followers or those who they feel stand against the religion's beliefs?  And if the church is no longer a required component of a marriage, what justification is there for forcing a private entity to accept members or perform services it doesn't want to?
Taking this out of the current context- should a Jewish temple be forced to marry someone who didn't know Hebrew, never studied Judaism, and took actions that (while legal) were against the Jewish faith?  Should a Sikh temple be forced to marry someone with short hair and no weapon (Sikhs are required to not cut their hair and carry a ceremonial dagger called a Kirpan at all times)?  Should an Islamic temple be forced to marry a guy who owns a barbecue smokehouse restaurant (since Islam considers pork unclean)?  
And put in that context, should a Christian church be required to marry a couple who they feel have adopted an un-godly and sinful lifestyle, and in doing so have rejected the teachings of their god?
The answer, to be honest, is I really don't know.  On one hand I abhor any discrimination, but on the other hand I respect the right of any private club to control its own membership (even if I disagree with its reasons for doing so).  And I also want as little connection between the government and religion of any kind as possible.  
And once the two are completely separate, why would we force a church to marry someone, but not force them to give communion or take confession or any other of the things the church does?
So this seems a fair compromise.  Get the government out of the marriage business entirely, and get religion out of the legal part of marriage.  Just provide a one-size-fits-all legal partnership available at your local courthouse to any two people who want it.  No more "by the power vested in me by the state of ____", the priest can say his words but they are between you and him and your deity of choice; you are legally married when you sign the paperwork and not a moment before.
I hope that helps explain my POV!  :)  Feel free to ask or debate if you have any questions or counter thoughts :)
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:01:41
what, the scribd document?  The multi-exchange announcement?  Did I miss something?  If so please clue me in...
@_date: 2014-07-30 04:42:33
Same thing with vouchers.  Remember when you could move money around between people or exchanges using voucher codes?  Those were the days...
@_date: 2014-05-14 23:31:35
My read on this:
"Once the masses figure out what how to use Bitcoin, it's going to render us and everything we do irrelevant.  Nobody will have any reason to deal with our bullshit anymore.  So we're trying to figure out how to embrace Bitcoin in a way that keeps us relevant without accelerating our own irrelevance."
@_date: 2014-11-30 04:27:19
Friendly suggestion--
If the user is requesting money or sending money by email, the destination user should NOT have to have a coinbase account, if this is not already how it works.
For 'send coins', let them punch in their Coinbase login, OR just type in a Bitcoin address to send the coins to.
Same thing for 'request coins', use Coinbase OR just provide a Bitcoin address.
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:37:35
Yeah I've heard such things also, but I think I'm getting largely out of exchanges period...
My investing strategy of late has been 'buy when it's low' and that's it.  So I think some kind of offline wallet (perhaps paper or USB) is the way to go...
@_date: 2014-03-11 15:19:03
It depends on how that transaction works.  Lots of options.
If I order a non-BIP38 card with a hologram sticker, the recipient has to trust the manufacturers hologram tech to keep me from seeing the key, and they have to trust the manufacturer to not retain the key.  This is similar toCasascius coins- you have to trust both Casascius and the hologram.  This is also the easiest to redeem.  Bit-card does this, crypto card does not.
If I make up a passphrase and generate a BIP38 key, then the recipient has to trust me not to spend his coins.  However I don't have to trust the card manufacturer as they don't get the passphrase, so they can't spend the coins. 
If the recipient provides me with an existing BIP38 key and address, which I forward on to the card manufacturer, then both me and the manufacturer are in the same boat- neither of us can spend the coins as we dont have fhe passphrase (only the recipient has that).  
If the recipient provides me with an intermediate key, then I can use that to make a BIP38 key and send it to cryptocard (same as if recipient gives ms a BIP38 address, except I can gift him several unique cards which will have the same passphrase).  
Obviously the most secure is if the recipient gives me an intermediate key, which I give to the card manufacturer and they give me a card with a hologram sticker over the BIP38 key.  This prevents me from seeing the private key so even less trust in me is required, but the trust in the card manufacturer is the same (they are prevented from spending the funds because they don't have the passphrase).
That all said though, my primary gifting of these would likely be to people who trust me but aren't yet crypto aficionados (so they would have little interest in generating intermediate or BIP38 keys for me first).  I would make cards for them with the passphrase written down, the main gift would be value I load onto the card before giving it.  And since I am not out to gift and switch my friends I consider myself trustworthy :)
That said I love that the tech allows a trust less way of doing this.  This capability will prove most useful once it starts being adopted by businesses...
@_date: 2014-06-18 21:49:09
I agree 100%.  I would like to see the word 'marriage' entirely stricken from the government vocabulary.  In its place, there would be a 'civil legal entanglement' or 'registered permanent partnership' or something like that, which would do the exact same things a courthouse marriage does, just without the M-word.  
That way- if you want your lives and finances legally entangled, you go to a lawyer / courthouse.  If you want to be married, go to a priest/church.  And if the priest/church does not want to marry you, then let them say no if they want.  Thus everybody gets the maximum amount of freedom and the minimum amount of government intrusion.
@_date: 2017-02-17 23:18:13




If you feel larger blocks threatens decentralization, then you should oppose SegWit.  If SegWit is widely adopted and used, and blocks contain a majority of SegWit transactions, then blocks (including the witness data) will grow from 1MB to 1.7-2MB.  This is essentially the same as Bitcoin Classic- 2MB of transaction data per block to process, the only difference between the two is Classic counted the signatures as part of the block while SegWit cheats and counts the signatures outside the block.  It's an accounting trick, nothing more.  
Therefore, if you feel that 2MB blocks would create centralization, you should oppose SegWit just as much as you oppose Bitcoin Classic.  


I won't deny that malleability is technical debt.  However even with SegWit, current-style transactions will still need to be supported so people will have to deal with that no matter what.  Devs will have to deal with both the old problems (malleability) and the new problems (SegWit complexity) (more on that in a second).  




It's using an accounting trick to store data outside the block, thus a '1MB block' with a backpack of extra witness data is counted as 1MB by current nodes.  
This is really one of my biggest problems with SegWit- it's addressing two problems and forcing us to accept the two together.  I like the idea of a new transaction type that addresses malleability and paves the way for future upgrades.  This should be done as a hard fork for safety, but that's another issue.  
I REALLY DISLIKE the idea of forcing it along with an accounting cheat that calls itself a scaling fix.  
Let's talk about technical debt for a moment.  A '1MB' block full of SegWit transactions could contain 1.7-2MB of actual transaction data.  I've heard a malicious miner could generate a SegWit block as large as 4MB.  Now 4MB blocks might not be an issue now, but they make actually raising the block size a lot harder later because if we increase the block size to 2MB we might get 8MB malicious blocks, or if we increase to 8MB we might get 16MB of transaction data or 32MB of malicious blocks.  
That's technical debt- a problem that will have to be addressed in the future.  
OTOH if we simply increase the block size limit now, we take a conservative approach and don't create more complexity in the process.
@_date: 2017-02-06 08:19:35
Remember, miners and users were supposed to be the same thing.  Back in the early days, everybody could mine.  It's the hashpower arms race (CPU -&gt; GPU -&gt; FPGA -&gt; ASIC) that took mining out of the users' hands and gave it to the Chinese (where power is cheap and they can design/make the miners themselves quickly and inexpensively).  Once GPU mining came about, Satoshi asked for a moratorium on it (probably because he realized where it would go) but of course nobody listened.  


Be careful what you are asking for.  To do this requires a proof of stake reward rather than a proof of work reward, among other things.  You're talking serious changes to the most fundamental parts of consensus code.  
Now don't get me wrong I'd love to decentralize mining.  I'd love to go back in time and tell Satoshi to pick some absurdly complex proof of work that will only run on a CPU or a GPU (not an FPGA or ASIC).  But to do that now would require a serious change to the fundamentals of what Bitcoin is and how it works, way bigger and more disruptive than anything regarding block sizes.  
And if you did this, the miners would never support it.  Which means the current chain will continue no matter what, so it really will be a disruptive hard fork which creates two ongoing chains.  Since your chain will have totally different consensus code, it will essentially be a different coin.  
Now that's not to say it won't work.  You could make a new coin, with proof of stake or ASIC-proof PoW (and the consensus rules to match that), then pick the UTXO set as of some date and encode that into the genesis block of your new coin.  That could be popular as people who already had a balance of BTC will automatically have a balance of pinkfishcoin.  
@_date: 2014-04-14 23:08:57
I'd suggest maybe partner with Coinkite or BitPay/Coinbase.  Crypto offers a lot of advantages for small transactions like coffee and for the small independent shops you could also offer them a digital phone-based loyalty card program system...
@_date: 2014-06-28 15:23:49
A reasonable suggestion, except this sort of thing is already common knowledge among those who would do this type of fraud.  I say put it out in the open so people realize how messed up the payment industry is.
@_date: 2014-10-10 07:21:26
I think some people consider it spamming because it creates a lot of blockchain transactions when people use it.  Every bet results in 1-2 block chain transactions, as opposed to other gambling services where individual bets are handled in a player's account, off the blockchain.
Since if generates a large volume of transactions without serving much of any real useful purpose, a lot of people are happy to write them off as spammers that we would be better off without.
@_date: 2017-02-17 11:01:50
Let me correct one misconception of yours-
Some fee pressure or competition for block space is (arguably) acceptable or even a good thing.  It keeps low value (spam/dust) transactions out and makes flooding attacks more expensive.  
But you need to have an elastic supply to keep pace with changing demand.  Right now we have a rigid supply while we're also trying to increase demand (by promoting adoption of Bitcoin).  The two are not compatible.  
Let me make an analogy.  You have a bus that's going to a nearby city.  The bus is going no matter how many people are on it.  If the bus has 20 seats, and there are 10 people who want to take the trip, the bus driver will charge a low ticket price and they'll all go.  
This is where we were a year or two ago.  
Now let's say the bus has 20 seats and there are 25 people who want to take the trip.  The bus driver will increase the ticket price, and/or the passengers will sell tickets to each other or take a later bus that's not as full, and a few people who were going for non-important reasons won't go (but most of them will be more or less happy with the bus service).  
This is where we are now.  
Now let's say the bus has 20 seats and 50 people want to take the trip.  Every bus is always full and people are shut out.  There is no ticket price that keeps even a majority of the people happy.  Market forces will drive ticket prices to exorbitant levels, so the richest 20 people will get seats (and be pissed about the ticket price) and the rest will be left out, unable to travel.  Those others will find another bus company or will buy cars or will abandon their travel plans altogether.  
This is where we'll be a year from now.  
Now let's say the bus has 20 seats and 200 people want to take the trip.  Tickets will be worth thousands of dollars, but the overwhelming majority of people will simply decide the bus is a bad way to travel and they'll find another way to make the trip.  
This is where we'll be in another two or three years.  
So the question you must ask is this:  **Are you happy with the size/adoption Bitcoin has RIGHT NOW, in February 2017?  Because if you are, then the block size should stay where it is.  If you think Bitcoin should keep growing, then the block size MUST increase.**
@_date: 2017-02-02 02:32:18
Sure it is.  Even if you don't think it's a source of technical problems (IE that the network is working just fine right now), it's a source of social problems that split a once-coherent community into two warring factions.  
Now if the current congestion was always part of the plan, then Satoshi-Bot would have seen that and said 'at some point we will hit that limit and fees will go up and that's a good thing' and avoided most of the social problems we're now dealing with.  
@_date: 2017-02-18 03:56:53
I don't think I agree.  
Your post brings up a bigger question- what exactly are we trying to do?  Why are we here?  What is the point of all this?  Why do we care about any of this?  Are we just crypto nerds and cipherpunks playing with a shiny toy that happens to be worth billions?  Or is there a purpose to all this, are we trying to accomplish something or go somewhere with this tech?  
In America, you'd be right.  It's more efficient for me to buy coffee with Visa because Visa doesn't need 5,500 volunteers (some running ancient hardware) to relay and verify my transaction.  Right now, Visa can pay for my coffee better than Bitcoin can.  But if American companies start using Bitcoin for international transactions, they're getting a real benefit that the current wire system doesn't provide (low fees and rapid confirmations without high exchange fees).  
Thus, you could argue that 100x $25,000 transactions are 'better' than 100x $5 transactions.  
But if we go outside America, we find places like Zimbabwe where it takes a wheelbarrow full of worthless cash to buy a sandwich, and tomorrow you'll need two wheelbarrows due to hyperinflation.  Those people are not served by their banking and monetary system, they are abused by their banking and monetary system.  
Bitcoin can offer the Zimbabwean something they can't otherwise get- a way to reliably store and exchange value that sidesteps the entire corrupt system they're currently stuck with.  Bitcoin can work directly for those *people*, without needing the permission of their crooked/bankrupt government.  
**For someone in Zimbabwe, paying the equivalent of $1 for a sandwich using Bitcoin isn't an inefficient use of resources, it's *revolutionary*.**  I don't think that person 'needs what Bitcoin is offering' any less than the American company who wants to send $25,000 to a supplier.  In fact, I would much rather serve that person than the corporation, because that person may literally have no other alternative.  
All I'm saying is it's easy for us as comfortable people in Western societies to talk about kicking the little guys off the network.  But you should keep in mind, those little guys might come to *depend* on the network.  
@_date: 2014-10-10 09:23:22
Fair enough, but I disagree.
I don't see how any of this makes them malicious.  It's a business model designed to make it as easy to play as humanly possible.  Hell, I tried it once or twice a year or two ago when I got more into Bitcoin.  And I only did this because of the way it worked (just send money and see what comes back), if I had to make an account or something there's no way I'd have done it.
There's a big difference between a business that puts their own bottom line ahead of 'environmental concerns' (blockchain health sort of qualifies), and being actively malicious.  
@_date: 2014-10-10 08:05:31
We need to be ready for that growth BEFORE it arrives, not react to it after it grinds the network to a halt.  If 'real traffic' gets delayed, that will cost Bitcoin far more in credibility than a few gamblers ever costed in CPU power.
@_date: 2014-12-16 12:02:26
Yes it does.
Some background:  When you create a transaction on the Bitcoin network, you send the transaction to the P2P nodes you are connected to.  They relay it to the nodes they are connected to, who relay it again, and so on and so forth.  The idea is to make sure that all active nodes hear about your transaction as quickly as possible.  
Among those nodes will be miners.  The miners are collecting all the unconfirmed transactions and packing them into blocks.  Once a transaction is included in a block, and other blocks are mined on top of that block, the transaction is cemented in the blockchain.  
(That's where the '6 confirmations' bit comes from- once your transaction is packed into a mined block, and 5 other blocks are mined on top of that block, those are your 6 confirms...)
Now the whole system relies on community consensus.  If I am running a node or a miner, there is no requirement that my node should relay every transaction or include them all in a block.  
If I don't like you, I can program my node to refuse to relay your transaction, and program my miner to not include your transactions in blocks I mine.  This will make it harder for your transactions to relay around the P2P network and get confirmed into blocks.
On the small scale, what I do is irrelevant.  However if a majority of the nodes or miners decide they also don't like you, it could become really hard for you to use the Bitcoin network, because your transactions wouldn't be relayed (so miners may not hear about them) or ignored by miners (so they'd confirm slowly or not at all).  
Luke-jr really, REALLY doesn't like certain Bitcoin users- most notably blockchain-based gambling systems like SatoshiDICE.  In Luke-jr's view, creating two blockchain transactions for every bet is blockchain spam and it should be stopped.
So what this patch does (among other things) is blacklist all SatoshiDICE (and similar companies') known Bitcoin addresses.  A node running this build of Bitcoin-Core will refuse to relay any SatoshiDICE or similar transactions, and apparently also Counterparty and Mastercoin transactions as well.
The controversy here is because this proposed blacklisting would be on by default for Gentoo users who install Bitcoin-Core, and it's not made obvious that this is happening.  This is viewed by many (including myself, FWIW) as an attempt of Luke-jr to push his own personal opinions of what BTC should and should not be used for on others (Luke-jr is notoriously anti-gambling).
That said, he does show up to discuss and defend his viewpoints, which he generally does in a civil manner.  The luke-jr you see in this thread is the same luke-jr who wrote the patch.
@_date: 2017-02-18 04:11:49
Let's make it realistic then
Today we have one bus with 20 seats, and 30-50 people want a ride.  Some people are getting left out and it's causing a problem, but things are still more or less moving along.  
In 10 years, we want to have 500,000 people getting a ride.  The roads are expanding, but we can't add that many buses that quickly if we get the growth we want to have.  So obviously we must build a train.  
But since the bus company started 8ish years ago, roads have gotten wider and traffic moves faster.  So what is the sense in saying 'we shouldn't buy two or three more buses today, because the road won't fit 50,000 buses in 10 years'?  Doesn't it make sense to buy a few more buses for now, so we can make sure everyone gets a ride until the train is built?
@_date: 2017-02-02 07:25:04


So then which is it?  Should changes to consensus or similar network changes require an overwhelming majority (ensuring they are done carefully, but allowing any one player to hold up progress)?  
Or should we focus on majority/supermajority, so as long as most people want it the change happens (increasing the likelihood that popular but ultimately bad changes will happen)?  
Personally I favor the supermajority route, because there will always be one person in any discussion who takes a hard line and refuses to compromise.  But I also would like to see mining decentralized a LOT.  The list of people required to reach a majority of the hash power should not fit on one page, let alone on one hand.  
@_date: 2015-05-09 04:23:22
IMHO, **disappearing before the publicity started was probably the most useful thing Satoshi ever did** (second only to inventing Bitcoin).  It keeps him from becoming the 'public face' of Bitcoin, which neither needs nor wants a public face.
Look at Chelsea Manning.  The leaks are important, but papers ran stories about Manning him/her self instead.
Look at Edward Snowden.  The leaks are important, but the movements of Snowden himself steal mindshare away from the leaks.
Now imagine that Satoshi had stayed around.  Everybody would want to interview him.  The US Gov't might try to charge him with a crime.  Someone who lost their money when BTC went $1200 -&gt; $200 might sue him.  Every single thing he did would be analyzed and any statement from him would instantly impact the exchange markets.  All of this would take attention away from Bitcoin itself, and turn Satoshi into a sort of celebrity.  And right now, that would hurt Bitcoin a LOT more than it would help.
Personally, I hope Satoshi stays hidden for a long time.  I wish him well- he deserves his fortune.  Hopefully someday in the future when Bitcoin is past its teething period he can use that fortune to buy himself some stuff (without converting to fiat first :) ).  Maybe he can come out of hiding, if fame is what he wants.  I suspect he's smart enough to realize that in this case fame just means a giant target on his back.
@_date: 2017-02-04 23:42:26
So you're saying Bitcoin is going to slide downhill at increasingly high speeds?  
@_date: 2017-02-17 13:44:17
Fixing bugs- transaction malleability was an issue for a short time but was mostly worked around.  I'd like to fix it but in a simple way that doesn't involve more technical debt.  
Can you explain how SegWit makes Bitcoin easier to develop against?  This is the first time I've heard this.  It seems unlikely on the face of it but I'm willing to listen.  
Increases the transaction limit- sure, but in the most clumsy way possible.  Why not simply increase the block size limit, which increases the transaction limit, and add a new transaction format which keeps the signature data with the transaction (no segregation) but contains the other benefits of SegWit?  Do that as a responsible hard fork (IE signalling with 75% miner participation + grace period) and I'd support it 100%.


You're saying essentially that with the same number of transactions, we'll have bigger transactions, and thus higher price.  I think that's totally wrong.  If the transactions are limited, then Bitcoin is harder to spend/use/buy/sell, which means it's less useful, which means it's less valuable, which means lower price.  
Right now we have a lot of price gains from people who discover Bitcoin for the first time, but I think if the really big investors knew how logjammed we really are a lot of them would sell.  
@_date: 2016-03-16 08:39:07


But in doing so you're just exploiting a weakness in 0-conf.  You spend your BTC, then persuade the miner to mine the un-spend transaction before someone else mines the first transaction.  This only works if you can get the help of a miner with a lot of hash power, or if you can persuade a miner to take a risk (mine a block with your double spend then hold it while you do the first spend; by holding the block and not propagating it the miner risks it being orphaned).  


As I said before, if you can persuade Core to get behind a 2MB hard fork with 95% voting, and to include this in a 0.12.1 release, then let's do it.  I do not believe Core would do this because Wladimir refuses to merge consensus code on which there's still a disagreement, and there are developers who will not agree to a hard fork no matter what comes with it.  
If you want to prove me (and everyone else) wrong, then I encourage you to reach out to each of the various Core developers and ask if they would agree to such a plan.  Because if Core was going to support a hard fork, nobody would turn that down over a disagreement on voting ratios.  


IMHO, I think you're reading that wrong.  
By my read, the exact percentage of 75% vs 95% isn't a big issue.  What I see as contentious is the idea that a second set of developers are bypassing the Bitcoin-Core dev consensus process and going straight to implementation.  As you yourself said, it's like a candidate declaring themself the winner without the election.  And you yourself previously argued that the vote should be non-binding, leaving it up to Core devs to actually make a decision.  
So in that sense, it's not about percentages, it's about authority and control- who has the authority to try and change Bitcoin.  Right now that authority rests with a few Core devs, who (for various reasons) did not address the scaling problem when it could have been easily addressed (2013-2015).  XT and Classic are attacks on their authority, because they take the decision out of Core devs' hands and put the decision to the miners at large.  
Two questions for you to think about:  
1. If Core supported BIP101 or a Classic-type 75% to 2MB vote, do you think people would be as angry about it as they are now?  
2. If Classic was a 2MB after 95% hard fork, do you think people would be as angry about it as they are now?  


You my friend are looking at this as a purely technical discussion, but it's not.  
On a tech level, transaction relay policy is a minor issue, unworthy of much attention or debate.  Many Core devs seem to agree with that assessment.  
**But from a USER point of view, RBF is HUGE (perhaps bigger even than block size issues).**  RBF is a fundamental change in how Bitcoin works for the end user.  0-conf was fairly trustworthy before, but now we have transactions that can be un-spent on a whim.  For any retailer who depends on Bitcoin, RBF is fucking terrifying.  
Even more worrying is the attitude by which RBF was implemented.  Lots of people complained about RBF, pointed to lack of consensus, pointed out its negative effects on 0-conf, etc.  The response from Core was (basically) '0-conf is insecure don't use 0-conf, and this doesn't affect consensus rules so we can implement it without a consensus'.  In doing so, a HUGE number of people were outright dismissed.  
Now you can use the tech as your explanation, say it's not consensus code so suck it down and be happy.  I disagree with that, as do many others.  And that is why Core 0.12 is controversial, and why Classic 0.12 has double the node count of Core 0.12 in less than half the time.  


That guy is running a service where you can donate and he runs your node for you.  So while one guy is in charge, he's acting on the desires of hundreds of others.  
Also I haven't seen any data on Core vs Classic nodes storing the blockchain, I'd be interested to see such data if you have a link.  


Means nothing.  I have wallets with Coinbase and other providers as well as self hosted wallets.  None of them run a full node.  I plan to run a full node soon (within the next week or so) because I want my node to contribute to the security of the network.  Just because my node doesn't hold my wallet doesn't mean the node doesn't represent economic activity.  


Show me others saying this, show me a large group of Core supporters saying this, show me statements from Core devs saying this, and I will believe you.  Until then I think it's wishful thinking on your part, trying to ascribe logic to an emotional argument.  


Then you are focusing on symbolism rather than reality.  
Reality is 75% of miners CAN do a hard fork just fine.  It's been done on testnet a few times.  Should 75% of the miners decide to fork, we will have a fork.  And that has nothing to do with Gavin or XT or Classic, that's just how it is- the chain with the most work will win in the long run.  Even if 25% of the nodes reject that chain, it will win in the long run because more *people* will trust it.  So if you want a coin that physically cannot be changed by 75% majority, then I hate to say it but you've got the wrong coin.  I don't think such a thing exists.  
OTOH, if you want the community to reject a fork that doesn't have 95% consensus, that's nice symbolism but nothing more.  Because regardless of what we do here and now with Classic, in the future if 75% of miners decided to fork, nothing we do today would make a damn bit of difference.  


Well remember Classic triggers when 750/1000 blocks are Classic flagged, so the victory at that moment will always be 'narrow'.  I think a better measure would be how many blocks are flagged 30 days later when Classic activates; IE how many miners switched and how many miners refused to.  I'd bet money that at the end of that 30 days it will be 95% or more.  (Care to take me up on that?)


You blame Classic/XT for driving the Bitcoin community *apart*.  Apart means not together.  would not exist, we would all be discussing this TOGETHER in if not for Theymos.  I'm just pointing out that driving the community APART was Theymos, not Gavin.  Gavin pissed some people off, but it was Theymos who drove people away.  The two are not the same.  


Same reason as before.  I don't think one single miner (especially a smaller miner) should have the ability to kill something with such overwhelming support.  If 9 out of 10 miners agree, should the 10th really get to impose his views on the other 9?  I don't think that's a good plan.  
@_date: 2017-02-15 13:32:34


That's the problem.  Why is the server trusted?  Why do you trust the server?  Who decides which servers are trusted and which servers are not?  
If you download bad block data and then start trusting that data yourself, you're going to be actively harming the network by potentially rejecting good transactions and accepting bad ones.  
Thus it's important that each node personally verify the chain it uses.  
Also as of v0.10.0 the software uses a 'headers first synchronization' method described [here]( which can allow a full sync much faster than was previously possible.  
@_date: 2017-02-12 06:14:07
Please understand that I mean all due respect when I say this post is nonsense.  Let's take it point by point.


They renamed the software to distinguish it as a substantially different version.  That has nothing to do with legacy or respect.  If they put a big WE &lt;3 SATOSHI banner in the interface would that make you happy?  




[Citation needed].  In my experience, most BU supporters talk about staying true to Satoshi's vision of Bitcoin as an e-cash system that's available for everybody to use.  They see Core as being the one attacking Satoshi's vision, by relegating Bitcoin itself to a settlement layer rather than a payment system.  
Can you point out where specifically someone from BU has been advocating for 'forgetting about Satoshi's vision and Bitcoin's original purpose'?  


[Citation needed].  
They've been *accused* of being anti-decentralization, because larger blocks will require more disk space and bandwidth to store and transfer.  However since even a Raspberry Pi could process 2MB+ blocks, features like xthin blocks will reduce bandwidth usage, and a $150 USB HDD could store several years worth of blockchain even at 2MB+ blocks, this argument is a tough sell.  
Furthermore, since SegWit (promoted by Core) has the potential to create blocks as large as 2-4MB, it's not a valid criticism of BU.  


Can you explain what you mean by this?  I'll remind you that the 1MB limit was only added to consensus as a quick and dirty anti-spam hack, Satoshi himself suggested it should be raised long before it was hit.  


If you read and believe every piece of anti-BU propaganda flung about, then sure it's easy to believe BU is anti-Bitcoin.  Just like if you believe everything you see on TV, you could conclude that either Trump is literally worse than Hitler, or that liberals are responsible for everything that's wrong with America.  None of these things are true.  
To sort through the propaganda, I'd encourage you to go to the source and read what the BU developers themselves have to say.  All of your questions have been posed to them many times.  Go to the source, don't rely on third-hand information.  


This is why you should go to the source- this is simply not correct.  Nodes and miners still have the authority to reject uselessly large blocks (and they would/will do so).  The only difference is that with BU, rather than forcing EVERYBODY to upgrade their software at once each time the block size is raised, a majority of nodes/miners just input some new settings and bigger blocks start to happen.  


What rules exactly are you talking about and where can I download a copy of them?
@_date: 2015-01-04 12:37:45
oh man :\ wish I was going to CES this year... :\
@_date: 2016-03-15 22:26:00
Actually this has a far more useful effect than moving a line.  
The more Classic nodes there are, the harder/more expensive it is to DDoS Classic.  
So if this guy with his 800 VPS nodes means it's possible/easy for me to run one node on my home ISP, then he's doing something very useful.   
@_date: 2014-10-10 09:58:26
FWIW, that's a perfectly valid option, as long as all entries are commented out or otherwise disabled by default...
@_date: 2016-03-08 06:39:06
No no you misunderstand.  By easy fix I mean create a reliable fee-estimation routine that works even under rapidly increasing load.  Because let's be honest- if we can't figure out a way to tell people 'Pay X and your transaction will almost certainly confirm in X time' then we should just give up and go home.  
Also, I think you are misrepresenting the argument in favor of larger blocks.  Nobody would argue changing consensus rules due to spam attacks.  But real transaction volume IS increasing and is already hitting the limit.  
I'd point out, that if you are forcing people onto sidechains that comes with its own centralization pressures.  Companies are already starting to create 'settlement networks' between them so their users can trade BTC without waiting for the Blockchain.  Now that in itself isn't a terrible thing, except when you consider that a user without such a company, like a user running their own wallet, will have a significantly worse experience on BTC than the user of those centralized companies.  
As for the hard fork- I don't believe it would create problems because with only 25% of remaining hashpower, the 'old' chain would die a quick death.  I can explain that in more detail if you want, but lots of people who are much smarter than us are both unworried and terrified about hard forks so you probably don't care what I have to say on it.  
But if I might make a request- don't drag the discussion down by insulting people.  Brian Armstrong has done more to bring users to Bitcoin than almost anybody short of Satoshi himself.  Gavin Andresen was Satoshi's hand-picked successor, and aside from making the mistake of stepping down from the job, he has always acted in what he believed was Bitcoin's best interest.  And Mike Hearn, while controversial (and I personally don't like the Tor filter either), is a talented developer who made many contributions.  
I could heap the same praise on any of the Core devs, even though I strongly disagree with how they are handling this issue.  
My point is- just because you disagree with Gavin, or you don't like what Brian is doing, please don't call them concern trolls.  
Because, and I point this out only very briefly, you call them concern trolls who spread FUD about full blocks, I could call you a concern troll spreading FUD over hard forks.  Point is, we can disagree while still being respectful and I hope you'd consider doing so.
Also-  "They have no interest in decentralization as they have proven time and again, and are only interested in taking control of it."  
Might I remind you that Gavin was Satoshi's hand-picked successor, the Linus Torvalds of Bitcoin.  He was the main man, the guy in charge, the lead committer.  He has the Alert keys.  
If Gavin wanted power and control, all he would have had to do is stay where he was.  He had power and control, and he set it aside so he could focus on the hardcore science aspects of Bitcoin and leave the day to day stuff to others.  That's not the actions of a power hungry person.
@_date: 2016-03-06 01:01:26


In the US we have more airports.  For example, New York City has 3 (three) major airports and several minor ones.  At the busiest airports, landing slots are constrained, but we do that as little as possible.  If there is any way to get more planes in without compromising safety or stability, we do that.  We don't set arbitrary limits 'just because', the limits that exist are defined by the capacity of the airspace.  


As I recall it showed 2MB is A-OK, 3MB is passable (~20 seconds to fully propogate), more could be problematic.  In other words, no problems at all for 2MB blocks tomorrow even w/out thin blocks, and with thin blocks much larger sizes are possible.  So let's implement 2MB now so we don't hit the limit, and raise the limit to 8MB in a few months when thinblocks are a thing.  Any complaints with that plan?


Eh, sort of.  The 3rd part of that equation is price- price, supply, and demand all affect each other.  


You're making the assumption that larger blocks necessarily increase centralization.  I think this is wrong.  
First- we've already gone past the point where average non-enthusiast users will run full nodes.  Since the SSD revolution, a lot of average PCs don't have 100's of GBs spare anymore.  Also, the trend toward laptops (vs desktops) has been increasing since 2009.  So let's start with that.  
Now an enthusiast can (today) buy a 4TB HDD for around $160.  Let's go hog wild and assume blocks are 8MB.  At 52,560 blocks per year, times 8MB/block, that's a little under 420.5GB/year worth of blockchain data.  That means the 4TB HDD will last for around 8 years (with 8MB blocks).  
The one constant with technology is that it improves.  Tech gets bigger, faster, cheaper.  Samsung just announced a 15TB SSD for enterprise.  Don't you think maybe in another 7 years those 16TB drives will be available for $160?  
As someone once put it, growth is only a problem for decentralization if growth exceeds Moore's Law.  So far that hasn't happened.  And if/as/when it does, I expect all the smart people with Bitcoin to have working solutions like payment channels which will allow us to scale even faster, while maintaining decentralization and trustlessness.  


It won't be easy, but it won't take decades.  The tech to make it happen is in dev and testing now.  We can handle immediate growth on the blockchain with no problem, if only Core and crew would let us do so.  Then when their new solutions are ready, we can use them *because they're better*, not because we have no other choice.  


No, people are exactly saying that, just not in so many words.  When they talk about the 'fee market reducing transaction load', that's what they are talking about.  People who want to do business on the Blockchain taking their business elsewhere.  


PoS, as it stands, requires 0-conf to be mostly reliable.  If blocks are always full and we are pruning low-fee transactions out of the mempool, that makes Bitcoin at PoS essentially nonviable.  


You may not be, but you are advocating for things which kill Bitcoin at retail.  Allowing blocks to stay full for months while we drop real transaction kills Bitcoin at retail.  I think we can agree better solutions will soon exist, I just want us to be able to increase the capacity until those solutions are ready.  


[Peter Todd himself]( explains how FSS-RBF could work.  If you want to show me that FSS-RBF is totally unworkable, feel free to provide evidence.  I've not seen or heard any.  
Also I reject the argument 'leave these decisions to experts'.  That's a defer-to-authority answer that's antithetical to the principles on which Bitcoin is supposed to operate.  Bitcoin doesn't have a CEO and doens't need one.  I may not be a coder but I can understand a technical problem when it's explained to me.  So (in general, not specifically to you) either explain the problem or stop complaining about it, but don't tell me I'm too dumb to understand and only the experts know what's best.  


It came from looking at actions and proposed actions.  A few days ago, blocks are full and mempool is only getting bigger.  I buy a coffee, pay a low fee for it.  Merchant accepts my payment.  Only my low fee isn't big enough for inclusion in a block.  I left the store so I don't care about RBFing to add a fee.  Core proposed mempool pruning is to let miners set a size and drop low-fee transactions when the size is exceeded.  My transaction would be dropped.  
Merchant can check miner fee on transactions and reject a transaction with low fee.  Joe User will have no idea how to deal with that.  Joe Merchant will have no idea what 'INSUFFICIENT FEE ERR' means.  That's a recipe for fail.  
When Core and supporters are confronted about this, the answer is '0 conf is insecure don't use it'.  


Non-starter.  If you ask a coffee shop to watch out for low transaction fees, they will tell you to watch out for the door on your way out.  Businesses need a reliable solution that Just Works.  That's what we have without RBF and with non-full blocks.  Add RBF and make blocks constantly full and we don't have it.  Perhaps soon payment channels will provide a solution, but they're not here yet.  


Interesting.  Although reading the rest of the thread, he's not talking about blocks being 'full' like full to the size limit, he's talking about blocks being full to the point that block fees kick in at all.  Back then when blocks were 50KB, a free transaction would confirm, but it might take a few hours.  So I interpret Satoshi's comment as saying if you include a decent fee you will always get included.  
That's a big stretch from excluding people because there is literally no space for them...


1. Retailers already ask for ID.  I can buy a fake ID online for $20, $50 for one that's convincing.  It does nothing.  
2. No retailer is going to make a customer wait 10 minutes, as that's 10 mins during which the customer might change their mind on the impulse purchased 90" OLED TV.  And since the tx might not confirm for hours, nobody is going to sit there indefinitely.  
3. Again, no.  They will just use Visa instead and get instant payment.  
4. And what the hell will a camera do?  
5. Sure, store staff will use judgment becuase $9/hr retail workers will understand the technical nuances of double spending transactions.  
6. Sounds a lot like centralization to me...


Prices dynamically adjust, BUT once I put in my credit card number I'm locked in.  My money becomes their money and that's it, the transaction is complete.  When the required fee can be decided AFTER the transaction 'completes', then you have a real usability problem.  


The problem is not SatoshiDICE though.  The problem is the next company, that is incubating some killer product but can't bring it out because Bitcoin can't handle the load.  
What if Amazon started accepting Bitcoin tomorrow, and offered a 1% discount on BTC payments?  That would make the transaction volume probably go up by 15-20+% overnight.  Do you think Bitcoin can handle that right now?  Do you think Bitcoin COULD handle that if we ran Classic's 2MB blocks?
@_date: 2017-02-02 00:39:55
haha that's an interesting theory
Unfortunately unless the AI was such that it could divide its computing requirements into small hash operations (highly unlikely) it made a mistake.
Now if you want to talk about Ethereum, that's another story...
@_date: 2016-01-27 18:19:56
More importantly, Reddit has an awful lot of the people who *actually have to ride inside the rocket*.  I don't care how smart an engineer is, if they say the rocket should carry less fuel than I need to get to my destination, I'm going to have a problem there...
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:43:32


Quite true.  But don't forget that mining power has become highly centralized in China, and most of the Chinese are following the Core devs.  
So while *technically* they don't have any power to force anything, *practically* they do have a LOT of power...
For example, RBF- have any of the big miners come out in opposition to RBF?
@_date: 2015-01-20 03:10:56
I'm glad to hear it :)  Not surprised, but glad nonetheless.
Reddit's a nice piece of code, but that's not what makes Reddit special.  What makes Reddit special is the community and discussions, that let so many people call Reddit their 'home on the Innertubes'.
That's stayed the case (IMHO) in a large part because Those In Charge seem to respect what the site means to its users, and act accordingly.  This is evident in a lot of things, including the selective non-annoying ads.  
Thanks for being awesome :)
@_date: 2017-02-02 03:03:18
You're absolutely right that Bitcoin's value relies on certain assumptions, which are intentionally made difficult to change.  The same is true of fiat currency.  My USD holds value because people trust the Federal Reserve won't print $500 trillion in new dollars tomorrow and thus dilute the existing currency.  My Bitcoin holds value because people trust the 21 million limit will continue to apply.  That limit is intentionally difficult to change and that's a very very very good thing.  
But I think you are mixing up the guarantee of hard crypto, with the guarantee of a central institution.  
Bitcoin does not guarantee that it takes full consensus to change.  What Bitcoin guarantees, through software and crypto, is that the chain with the most work wins.  From there, things are set up so it's generally more profitable to help then network than to try and attack the network, which discourages attacks.  With enough hashpower and nodes running the network, it becomes prohibitively expensive to put more work in a 'bad' chain than exists in a 'good' chain.  
Now remember back to 2009-2010- Bitcoin-QT was also the way you mined Bitcoin.  You'd check on the box to start mining and if you got lucky you'd wake up the next day to find 50 or 100 bitcoins in your wallet.  This was the original intent- all the users can mine, so the security of the network comes from many hundreds or thousands of users spread all over the world.  Thus, if you wanted to alter Bitcoin's consensus rules, you'd need to persuade a majority of those thousands of people to join you in that effort.  That's the way it was supposed to be.  
Unfortunately now mining is centralized to 10 or 15 people.  If a couple of them agree, Bitcoin changes.  That leaves the rest of us thousands bickering over what they should do, rather than voting ourselves by doing it (or not doing it).  
@_date: 2016-03-06 01:57:30


If we're talking the XT days (second half of last year), it wasn't understood how change-resistant miners were.  XT/BIP101 seemed like a solution that would solve the problem once and for all, to keep the block size limit at a point where it would prevent some DDoS while also staying out of the way of viral growth.  17% per year is not enough if we plan to grow by more than 17% per year (which most of us hoped for back then).  


No it's neither panic nor FUD.  You should read [Jeff Garzik's thoughts on the matter](  Point is- we know how Bitcoin will work when blocks aren't full.  We don't know exactly how it will operate when blocks ARE full, and more importantly we haven't asked the users if they want the changes that will happen if blocks are always full.  So while a potentially highly disruptive change is happening without any consultation with the users most affected by it, we allow this change to happen because we can't agree on the best solution.  Can't you see how THAT can worry people?  It's like driving at highway speed toward a giant fog bank and saying we can't decide whether to veer left or veer right so since there's no consensus we'll just keep driving and hope it works out.  
Lack of action IS a form of action.  


95%- even ONE unhappy miner can kill the whole thing.  Do you consider that a good thing?  
And I'd have agreed with 6 months, if this discussion was happening on March 5 of last year.  Now things are more urgent.  


Classic is controversial and optional.  Once the hard fork happened, that would light a fire under the butts of everybody.  It's likely that Gavin or one of the others with Alert Keys would send out an alert message urging people to upgrade.  The miners would absolutely upgrade so they don't get left behind, and while some nodes might be lazy, the network would continue to operate without them.  


1. Classic and XT had a very open development policy.  Lots of technical objections were noted and addressed.  I'd point out that Core have been frequently accused of being unfriendly to outsiders who want in, and still have not produced documentation despite many requests.  
2. Gavin has been one of the most diplomatic people in the whole mess.  He has heaped praise on the Core devs.  A few crazy people from both sides make crazy accusations, but that's not develoeprs doing that (with the possible exception of LukeJr...)  
3. Again with the non binding vote.  All this does is waste time that we don't have.  
4. Again, more time spent.  If this was back in 2014 I'd agree, but the Core devs refused to even address this until Gavin made it an issue with XT.  
5. As previously mentioned, 95% gives a LOT of power to one dissenter.  That's not how votes work.  
6. Gavin has been nothing but respectful.  BIP101 was canceled and withdrawn after no agreement was reached.  
7. I'd love to hear how to do this in a way that isn't open to ballot stuffing.  Same with community voting.  


An indication, but the choice is still left up to a handful of developers.  I don't think that's a good way to run things.  I'm sorry but I just don't see the point of a non binding vote when Core devs have already made up their minds.  


Because most of us didn't understand the culture.  What they actually said, if you look at some of their postings, was 'we want bigger blocks but we want them to come from Core'.  
What we have come to realize is just how much deference to authority is ingrained in Chinese culture.  Chinese miners see Core devs as the authority on Bitcoin, and it is not in their nature to go against authority.  That may be changing as they realize that THEY are the authority, not Core.  


Consensus is when everybody agrees.  **If you take nothing else from this discussion- I want you to understand that this is not an issue on which everybody will agree, ever.**  There will be no consensus here, because some people involved refuse to back down from their positions.  Without a consensus, Wladimir refuses to act, so nothing happens.  It's the same as with the 95% mining vote- if just one person can stall the process, nothing will ever happen.  


So are you saying that if we had a non binding vote, where miners could vote for 2MB blocks without causing an activation, that Core would pull a 180 and roll out a 2MB hard fork?  I'm sorry but I don't see it happening.  Wladimir won't approve a change until there is consensus and there is no consensus among developers or miners and probably never will be one.  


I respect your right to believe whatever you want, but I think you are wrong for technical reasons.  
Let's take a worst case scenario- let's say a 75% vote happens, and not one single miner switches in the grace period so you have 75% on Classic, 25% on Core.  Split happens.  
Classic blocks will be mined at 75% speed, so about 1 per 13-14 mins.  With a limit of 2MB/block, it will stay ahead of transaction load.  Classic will work just fine.  The next difficulty adjustment will happen a bit late but after that things will be back to 1 block / 10mins.  
Core chain will mine at 25% speed, so 1 block per 40 mins.  That means 250KB/10mins transaction capacity.  This chain will get quickly and hopelessly backlogged.  And since difficulty adjustment is based on blocks (not time), it will in all likelihood be at least 1 month before difficulty adjusts (I can take you through the math of that if you want).  
Now remember that the two sides will still relay blocks to one another.  So the network will continue to operate.  
Going back to reality- I'm not the only one who figured this out.  In that 1 month period, all the other miners will switch to Classic (or turn on acceptance of 2MB blocks, even if they don't mine at 2MB themselves).  
Point is, for technical reasons which are easy to understand and explain, the hard fork you so desperately fear will be a non-event.  
Now that said- you say if I respect you then I will get an increase.  I honestly don't believe this.  YOU personally may feel this way, but you have no authority over the Core devs.  And the Core devs are desperately afraid of hard forks- you should read [this excellent post]( for what I believe to be the reasons why (overwhelming fear of technical failure causes them to ignore a possible practical failure).  


Sure they will.  They will say 'you don't understand the issue' or they will say 'we are working on it and will release something soon'.  But what you are ignoring is that various people (including Gavin) have been trying to get them to pay attention since 2013, and nothing has happened.  The can has been kicked down the road too many times.  I have a lot of faith in Core, but on this particular issue I have 0 faith in their willingness to do a hard fork anytime soon.  


No, if a minority has the power to stop the HF, then it doesn't matter if the majority is strong or not.  If you don't believe me look at the US Senate over the last 10 years- filibuster rules meant a Senator could 'filibuster' without actually filibustering, and that takes a 60 vote majority to overrule.  So even though Republicans had a minority, they successfully stopped a lot of things from happening because they didn't have a &lt;40 vote minority.  
If everybody was negotiating in a reasonable manner I'd probably agree that this would be a solution.  But some people (Devs) have shown a willingness to stop a hard fork no matter what others say.  Therefore I don't have faith, I want a vote.  
@_date: 2014-04-08 18:35:35
The main thing is the conversion fee, and how the balance is stored.  If the conversion fee is in the 1% range, and the balance is stored as BTC and converted on the fly (or USD+BTC and I can convert instantly with a mobile app), I'm interested.  This of course assumes that the BTC storage function is easy to deal with and get BTC in/out easily and securely.
If it's just a card that charges me a percentage to use it but can be refilled with BTC, no thanks.
@_date: 2016-01-17 13:47:27
More importantly, it does not make sense to accept a payment method that not only won't save any money, but might not deliver your payment at all.  
If you're a bartender, and I say "Here's a payment for a drink, which you might get in 10 minutes or in two days, or which might not arrive at all if too many other people elsewhere pay for too many other things", would you want that payment?  Of course not, you'd say 'fuck that shit we take Visa and cash'.  
There are Bitcoin work arounds for this, but they won't be ready nearly soon enough.  
And 'such current uses' aren't going to switch to altcoins.  It's taken us ~5years to get awareness of Bitcoin to where it is now, which is to say, useful levels of adoption are just starting to happen.  If we tell all those people to scrap Bitcoin and switch to an altcoin, they're just going to tune out for another 5-10 years.  
Increasing the block size can be done responsibly with a hard fork in a month or two, and that will buy us another year at least to get things like SegWit and payment channels going.  Nothing else will be ready in time.
@_date: 2015-01-20 16:02:29
Agree on recommended projects, but I think the strategy is smart overall.
If you go to Kickstarter, how many Kickstarters are there?  Hundreds?  Thousands?
These guys probably have much fewer.  
If it's made obvious that there's only 20 projects or whatever, that makes it easy for a reporter to talk about how little the site gets used...
@_date: 2015-01-28 06:30:28
...Only one of them owns a computer.  It was purchased in 2003, hasn't worked since 2008, and now serves as a makeshift coffee table next to the couch.
@_date: 2016-03-05 06:27:30


BIP103 called for no block size increases until 2017.  We don't need an increase in 2017, we need an increase NOW.  That's why Gavin rejected it, because he wanted a plan that put the increase ahead of hitting the limit.  That would not only be easier on Bitcoin users, it would make for a safer hardfork.  


What do you consider a reasonable activation methodology?  75% super majority of hash power followed by a month for everybody else to change one line of code.  I'm not sure how much more reasonable you can get.


So you want a non binding vote that does what?  Sings kumbaya around a campfire?  If you want a non binding hash vote just go on a Chinese mining forum and ask them.  A few people did, and the result was virtually all the main pools supported a 2MB increase immediately.  
Why is it important to decouple the vote from the activation code?  If people express their preference, why not have that immediately happen?  Why give ANYBODY the power to ignore that vote?  
That BTW is why people distrust Core.  In the words of Jeff Garzik, "Without exaggeration, I have never seen this much disconnect between user wishes and dev outcomes in 20+ years of open source."  If you make the vote non binding, then you give Core the opportunity to ignore it (which they have proven they will, they treat a hard fork as a SUPER DANGEROUS THING which should be avoided at almost any cost).  


Did you read the rest of it?  He said nothing about getting rid of Core team.  In fact he said that a Classic hardfork would not preclude even switching back to Core later on.  He said he values having multiple implementations, and that includes Core.  
As for Core team, he was making the (very valid) point that a team developing software which people rely on for financial stuff should be responsive to their users.  When the users are demanding something, and the team's poor communication prevents them from hearing or understanding or usefully engaging with their users, that's a problem.  And that's why competition is important- because if Core isn't going to develop something the users need, then somebody else should be able to step up and do it without being shouted down.  He also makes the point that Core is not terribly welcoming to new coders, and has not taken the (much demanded) steps of documenting the protocols.  


Don't twist words.  95% wasn't used because a 95% threshold would allow even one major mining pool to block implementation.  Remember it's a VOTE, not a CONSENSUS.  A consensus is when everybody agrees.  A vote is when a majority agrees.  Since it's obvious we are never going to have consensus here, we need a vote.  
If you want to call that an attack, go ahead, but to be honest I think that's wrong.  Allowing a minority to stop the will of the majority because there's no 'consensus' is not in the best interests of everybody.  Of course the minority will call it an 'attack' because their position is threatened and they like being able to hold up the consensus process.  


As previously mentioned, BIP103 doesn't raise the block size until after we hit the block size limit.  I dunno why Core wants us to hit the limit so badly but avoiding that is the core reason why people like Gavin and Mike and Brian (and myself) feel so strongly.  If BIP103 said start in Jan 2016 not Jan 2017, it'd have gotten a lot more support.  
@_date: 2017-02-05 22:33:51
That's all you can really get.  You can look at node counts also (number of BU nodes vs number of Core nodes), but most users don't run a node.  
How else would you measure 'adoption'?
//edit:  Also, miner adoption is the only stat that really matters.  It's miners that are in control of whether BU becomes a thing or not.  If a majority of miners adopt BU and start mining bigger blocks, then BU will be a thing.  
@_date: 2016-01-28 07:47:37
Why?  Just because he got pissed off and ragequit to join a private blockchain firm doesn't make him any less of a visionary.  Sure he's a bit arrogant on certain issues but that doesn't make him any less of a smart guy.  
So I still see him as a smart guy, a talented coder and cryptographer, who understood the ins and outs of Bitcoin extremely well and thought bigger blocks were the answer.  I think that's still valid even though he's no longer with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-03-21 21:05:40
Upgrade that.  0.12 series clients use libsecp256k1 (try saying that 3 times quickly) instead of OpenSSL for signature validation, which greatly improves efficiency.  Validation takes a while during the initial sync, because you have to validate literally every single Bitcoin transaction that has ever happened.  
@_date: 2016-03-15 04:40:41


I agree demand is a function of price, even when capacity exceeds demand.  Miners were creating a fee market all on their own without a block crunch.  I support this.  
However when demand increases, I want supply to also increase.  I don't care if that's with a 2MB fork or some kind of sliding scale that keeps fee pressure but adapts to transaction load.  My problem is a hard limit on supply.  I think that's bad for Bitcoin.  


Then what about thin blocks etc?  If propagation times go from 60+ seconds to essentially zero, doesn't that remove any issues with block propagation?  Under thin blocks a tiny miner could mine a 5+MB block just as fast as a giant 25+% miner could mine a 1MB block...


Full blocks ARE a valid concept because we want demand to increase.  
Now for the record I see your point- fee pressure can reduce the demand of people who are willing to pay.  But what happens when you bring in new users?  What happens when Amazon.com accepts Bitcoin?  Fees go up, and up, and up, and up, and up until lots of those users don't want to use Bitcoin anymore (reducing demand).  Amazon.com turns off Bitcoin support because it's not a reliable payment method, and the users who are getting payments through are reporting too high transaction fees.  
Call it full blocks, call it a hard limit, whatever, it's a hard limit on the supply of Bitcoin transactions.  And that's a bad thing when we want to increase demand.  


A wallet should have spare inputs.  But if you want a solution (that works even if it doesn't), use one of the outputs (the change output) as an input.  Like so:
address 1+2+3 -&gt; address a+b+c  original transaction, let's say C is the change address.  
address 1+2+3+c -&gt; address a+b+c+d  new RBF transaction.  A and B and C all get the same or higher output as in the original transaction, so it's FSS-RBF safe and can't be used for double spends.  C is also an input, in that the transaction is signed by C's private key.  The two can cancel each other out, leaving C empty, if desired.  Any remaining change goes into D.  
Whammo, there's the solution.  Use that with FSS-RBF validation (outputs A/B/C must be equal or greater in the replacement transaction).  Rather than simply reducing output C (to increase the fee), we cancel out output C with a matching input, and make D the change address.  
It's not terribly elegant- it uses up more transaction space (there's a whole unnecessary input and output) and it's not great for privacy (makes it obvious what the change address is) but it does give you effective FSS-RBF without an extra input.  


If cameras actually deterred crime, we wouldn't have entire YouTube channels full of convenience store robberies.  


Can you explain how?  These transactions will create a mempool backlog.  If a 'fee market' prices some of them out of the blockchain, those transactions will not confirm and those people will not be able to use Bitcoin.  
Now while some transactions may be priced out (reduced demand due to supply limits), other transactions will not.  Someone wanting to buy $500 worth of stuff on Amazon won't be deterred by a 25c transaction fee, but someone trying to bet 10c on SatoshiDICE will.  But what happens when all the 10c transactions are gone?  Aside from killing all microtransactions (which IMHO is bad) we are still left with the same problem.  That's why I don't want a hard limit.
@_date: 2016-03-16 08:39:15


I agree, for a standard 'as of block X do Y' hard fork anything less than 6mos would be a disaster.  
However this is a voting hardfork- miners who vote have already upgraded and therefore do not need to upgrade any further.  The only ones who need to upgrade are the 25% or less who don't vote.  If they cannot change literally one line of code in 30 days, they probably shouldn't be mining.  And if they don't upgrade there is enough upgraded hashpower to continue the network safely without them.  
If we were having this conversation back in early 2015 I would have no problem with a 6 month grace period.  If you have a 6 month grace period now, then for most of those 6 months we will have full blocks and all the problems we are trying to avoid.  Thus NOW a 6 month grace period is a non-starter for me, especially since it takes months to get miners to agree to anything.  That means the hardfork would happen probably in 2017 which is too late.  


But that is exactly what they are doing.  When you combine full blocks with RBF and mempool pruning, the result is that there is no way to trust a transaction until it confirms.  Even if the transaction has a healthy fee, a spike in demand from higher-fee transactions could flush that transaction out of the mempool.  
Plus, numerous statements from Core devs show a lack of interest in preserving 0-conf.  Read some of the debates over RBF if you don't believe me.  


I hope and pray that (if Classic doesn't succeed) that once SegWit is released, the various users of Bitcoin will implement SegWit fast enough for it to make a damn shred of difference.  Personally I don't think they will.  
SegWit is also dangerous because it opens an avenue for future attacks.  If a '1MB' block can have 2MB of transactions with SegWit, and those transactions get an artificial discount, then what happens when we DO finally raise the block size limit?  A 2MB block could have 4MB of SegWit transactions, an 8MB block could have 16MB of SegWit transactions, etc.  


Matt Corallo's proposal is interesting, but there's a lot of stuff in there.  He's not saying turn a 1.0 into a 1.5, there's a ton of extra logic dealing with SegWit.  That will take months to develop and put through the appropriate testing, which only starts when SegWit is finished and ready.  That means nothing until much later this year or probably next year-- much too long.  
BIP103 does nothing until 1/1/2017.  Again, much too long.  
The recent agreement as I recall was July 2017, not 2016.  I've seen discussions about a HF in July 2016.  If Core was to commit to that NOW (or at least quite soon) and the July 2017 date was set in stone for full 2MB hard fork, I would not be opposed to it.  I think it's too long (there will be at least a few months of block crunch) but if it gets Core on board I'd be interested.  
For Wlad, I assume you mean [this post]( in it he didn't ask for a moderate proposal, he said he wants to kick the question of who gets to decide if a HF is to happen or not down the road.  And FWIW, if I have one complaint about Wlad, it's this.  Wlad is a smart guy, but as maintainer that means that sooner or later he will have to make a decision, because the buck stops with him.  And as much as he might not like it, NOT making a decision IS making a decision, it's just doing so in a more painful manner.  
@_date: 2016-01-18 07:39:10
I agree that the comment was poorly worded.  
However if you're going to criticize Gavin's comment, I'd point out that Core (and its supporters) are guilty of exactly the same stuff.  
For example if we go back a few months to a (then-famous) [comment]( by Greg Maxwell:




Not to mention the countless times that XT and BU and now Classic are written off as a 'coup attempt'.  
I think the solution is to avoid such attacks as much as possible.  I give Gavin the benefit of the doubt because as he said it was taken out of context.  But I think we all on both sides should avoid ad hominem attacks...
@_date: 2016-01-28 08:03:13
Most of the Core developers support the Core roadmap.  What a surprise!  :)
There's a lot of very smart people on that roadmap and I respect their opinions and value their contributions highly.
However I also think that, as is common in open source and techie-managed startups, many of those guys spend so much time on the code that they neglect to consider the *users*.  A perfect example is 0-conf.  Actions of the Core team (RBF, mempool pruning, no action on block size issue until the 11th hour) say (through *actions* more than words) that 0-conf transactions are not considered important by Core.  And they've publicly stated that 0-conf shouldn't be relied upon anyway.  
The users OTOH want and need 0-conf to be at least somewhat trustworthy, because without 0-conf Bitcoin is essentially useless at point of sale.  Where is the Core effort to protect 0-conf?  The best I can see is 'eventually we'll have payment channels and Lightning' which says nothing for when blocks fill up and we start dropping transactions (which some Core devs actively want to see happen, even though almost all users want to avoid such scenario at almost any cost).  
As Jeff Garzik put it, there is an extreme "disconnect between user wishes and dev outcomes".  
As I said, this is not uncommon.  I've seen lots of tech projects built by techies for the love of the code, and the product, that clearly don't pay nearly enough attention to the users.  Go to any startup presentation event and you'll see at least a few highly talented entrepreneurs go up on stage and present some great idea that clearly was built without regard for the person who actually has to use it.  I think Core has fallen into that trap.
@_date: 2016-01-16 19:55:23
Thanks buddy!
And FWIW you are not alone in that belief.  A lot of people are pushing SegWit as the immediate block size answer, the reason why a hard-fork raise of the block size isn't needed.  I think SegWit is a lot of things (most of them good) but it is NOT an immediate answer to anything.  
@_date: 2016-01-18 07:48:32
Perhaps to ensure the security of the network, or perhaps you wouldn't.  But it's doubtful anybody would mine without collecting fees.  That doesn't require a limited block size though, a miner is free to not include 0-fee transactions in their blocks (as many miners do today).  
@_date: 2015-05-09 06:28:58
That's valid.  Although I think it would be much much worse if he was still around- any point he made (useful or not) would immediately be accepted as proven fact by the entire community.  It's not good to have that much power in one person.  
The closest equivalent might be Linus Torvalds (maintainer of the Linux kernel), however Linux took ~20 years to get where it is now, and for much of that it was just a cool project and not the foundation of an industry.  People publicly disagree with Linus on a regular basis because he's human.
Bitcoin has only existed for a small handful of years, and more importantly, people embody Bitcoin as the Thing That Will Save Us From The Banks or The Future Of Money, and revere Satoshi as a Savior.  
Maybe I'm being pessimistic, IDK.  But I think Gavin has done a great job assuming a Linus-like role without anybody trying to turn him into a symbol.
Also- while some people are clinging to Every Little Thing Satoshi Said, it looks like logic will prevail and this will be a good teaching moment to prevent such things from happening again...
@_date: 2017-02-08 10:54:59
do you mean (what you typed) or (what you linked)?  Both seem pretty empty.
@_date: 2017-02-06 18:17:37
Wouldn't SegWit be a 1.7ish MB softfork not a 4MB softfork?
@_date: 2016-01-18 13:57:46
Well right now it's more than my opinion.  Classic has stated that for the immediate future, they are ONLY looking to change the block size limit, not do anything else.  Thus any PRs that do anything else will be closed on Classic, and should be opened with Core instead.  
Now AFTER the 2MB increase happens, then things are different.  It seems they are trying to create some sort of community governance system with consider.it so that users will vote on the major issues.  At that point, any major change can be brought to community vote.
Also, while a few loud people would rather that Wladimir and the rest of the Core devs fuck off and shoot themselves, I don't think this reflects the majority opinion.  
Plus, don't forget that getting 80% hash power requires only 7 or 8 big mining pools to switch, but that says nothing about nodes.  There are thousands of nodes, many are probably run by lazy people who will simply type 'yum update' and consider it finished.  Point being, I don't see Core being abandoned.  
Code-wise I suspect there will continue to be a large degree of overlap between the two projects.  Remember this is open source- if Core does something good, Classic is free to adopt it.  I'm sure they will disagree on things, such as RBF and perhaps mempool pruning, but IMHO that's a good thing.  
Either way it will be interesting to see what happens.  Personally I hope that Core doesn't get marginalized and/or that its devs don't ragequit, because they are very very smart people who have contributed a LOT to the success of Bitcoin.  It would be a tragic loss if they all packed it in over this one issue.  
@_date: 2015-01-16 01:41:02


I just want to say THANK YOU for this.  **THANK YOU  THANK YOU  THANK YOU.**
I've had gold since forever but this is why I leave the ads turned on- I know from experience that I'm not going to see anything I don't want to see in the ad spaces.  
Actually Reddit's ads are very good- the non intrusive targeting by subreddit subscription works quite nicely.  I've only seen one or two spam/scam type ads, and they were removed very quickly.  Many of the ads I do see are from companies and products that interest me.  I'm generally very ad-averse, but I engage with ads on Reddit probably more than all other sites put together.
Actually, some of the best ads I've seen are ads by smaller companies where the company owner or rep shows up in the ad comments.  That creates a GREAT forum for suggestions on the product or the ad itself to go straight to those who need to hear it.
@_date: 2016-01-18 17:57:30
This is true.  I was talking about the conceptual guarantee of Bitcoin.  If the miners all decide that the consensus rules suck, then it doesn't matter what your node accepts or doesn't, there will be no valid blocks to accept.  For example if you ran one of the really old versions of Bitcoin, there's some things in the blockchain that it would choke on.  It may call the new blocks after that invalid, but it doesn't mean it will work worth a damn.  
@_date: 2017-02-04 23:43:20
Or, by another interpretation, Bitcoin runs into a traffic jam and is stuck there, while the other competition can simply widen the highway and continue on...
@_date: 2016-01-18 07:47:27
They can and do cap their blocks- that's why we still see empty blocks even when there is a huge mempool backlog.  
@_date: 2016-03-06 08:43:56
FWIW- I initially assumed good faith on your part too.  However acting with good faith in an online community means accepting the possibility that you might be wrong.  You it seems have not done this.  Furthermore, you are violating Rediquette yourself by re-re-posting the same thing to avoid downvotes.  That's not something that someone in good faith does.  
I post controversial stuff sometimes.  Sometimes people like it, sometimes I get downvoted, that's the way it is.  But that's not up to me to decide.  If people don't want to see what I post, then it's not okay for me to shove it down their throats by re-re-re-reposting it to work around downvotes.  
Finally you seem convinced that there is a downvote brigade out to get you.  That suggests you have either not considered or decided against the possibility that the community simply doesn't like your post.  
For the record- I came upon your posts wholly organically from 'rising' both times.  I am not part of any brigade nor have I ever been.
@_date: 2016-01-17 22:41:25
I agree that multiple types of mempools is a good goal.  Perhaps as the ecosystem expands, someone will make a 'bitcoin nodeserver' implementation...
As for mempools, I don't think we try to keep them in sync, we just try to make sure all nodes hear about all transactions.  Sync is a natural side effect of that.  
Disk is a problem for enthusiasts because many computers now ship with only a SSD.  The average user won't need more than 250GB or so, but if the Blockchain takes up 50-100GB that is prohibitive for such a system if it also contains user data.  They could operate as a SPV node, but that's less helpful to the network.  
RAM can be an issue on cheap desktops, I still see a lot of shitty computers offered for sale with 4GB or even 2GB.  
A developer can't decide what a miner should run, nor do they really try.  Miners can and do actively choose which transactions get included in their blocks.  
I'm not worried though.  As long as there are enough nodes that DDoSing them all is prohibitive, we'll pull through one way or another...
@_date: 2016-01-17 15:10:46
They have a plan that a majority of miners support.  How is that a coup?  That's the network expressing its preferences.  Unless you feel that a certain group 'owns' Bitcoin and has final say over what can happen in the BTC space...
@_date: 2016-03-05 06:27:19


Just FYI, I am a private pilot.  That is most certainly NOT how aviation works.  FAA only sets a limit in a few rare cases in the busiest airport, and there it's only to prevent overscheduling of the runways from causing cascade delays.  In all cases, FAA tries to get as many planes in and out as physically possible.  Newer computerized navigation systems are helping maintain safety margins even with denser traffic, and as these advancements come online FAA increases the limits accordingly.  
In contrast, we are nowhere near our safety margin.  Jonathan Toomim showed that as things stand today, even with China's GFW, we can handle 2-3MB blocks with no problems.  Throw in a thin/weak block patch and the technical limits on block size essentially disappear.  


No, I don't.  If I go to the airport today, and I say I want a ticket, chances are I will get one.  The capacity is maintained slightly *above* demand, not *below* demand.  


No, this is proof that the fee market can develop on its own.  In your last post you argued that since adding an extra TX to the block costs essentially nothing, miners would include every transaction.  The fact that antpool mines empty blocks proves this is not correct.  


What do you define as successful?  I think it will differ from what I define as successful.  
Right now we have a fun project that's gotten a little respect.  But aside from a few startups and early adopters, nobody's business depends on Bitcoin.  If Bitcoin disappeared tomorrow, overstock.com wouldn't care.  
I define success as the point when Bitcoin is a universal global currency, a currency of the planet Earth just as Euro is the currency of many European countries.  Now maybe Bitcoin has too many technical drawbacks and perhaps this 'success' won't happen to Bitcoin but rather to something that comes after Bitcoin.  I can't say for sure.  But for now Bitcoin has the best chance of success.  
By that measure, we are still in the early stages.  What we need now more than anything else is *adoption*.  We need more people to start using Bitcoin for all kinds of financial uses.  That means point of sale, that means remittances, that means savings, and that means trade.  That means an open door, COME BRING YOUR BUSINESS HERE WE WANT TO SHOW YOU A BETTER WAY TO DO THINGS!  Not "Go away we are full".  Because if adoption stops, then Bitcoin will never grow beyond the few million early adopters that trade today.  
Sidenote: The Core plan makes Bitcoin useless at point of sale.  Don't you think we should wait until other better things are in place (IE payment channels) before we kill Bitcoin at PoS?  


I don't say we will kill Visa.  There's a place for Visa.  However I don't think we should pre-emptively cede the retail market.  Whatever Bitcoin's other uses may be, it's a LOT MORE USEFUL IF YOU CAN SPEND IT on stuff.  And if we cede the retail market, then you can't spend your Bitcoin.  Who cares if I can send money to my relative overseas if they have a hard time spending it?  
And on decentralization- by forcing my overseas relative to convert BTC to fiat before buying stuff, we are forcing them to rely on an exchange.  


and it was subsequently removed because it caused problems.  More importantly, RBF makes Bitcoin at the cash register very difficult if not impossible.  Now I have no problem with FSS-RBF because it has the advantages of RBF (add fees to a stuck transaction) without the disadvantages (let people un-spend their money).  


Any transaction, Bitcoin or otherwise, is about degrees of risk.  An unconfirmed transaction obviously is more risky than a confirmed one.  However up until now, unconfirmed transactions are *reliable enough* that they work for point of sale purchases.  
What a lot of tech heads don't seem to grasp is that this 'good enough' enables a whole business model on top of Bitcoin (point of sale purchases).  Just because it's not perfect doesn't mean it's not highly functional.  And thus, killing it just because it's not technically ideal is a terrible idea, especially when it adds a lot of value to Bitcoin as a whole.  


Citation needed.  Where did Satoshi advocate for using the block size limit to force users to bid against each other?  Show me that and while you're at it post it in It will be front page news.  


Not true.  
Starbucks may not care if they lose $5 from my cup of coffee, but that's in a category of payments that goes from $1 to $1000.  For example, I might go to Best Buy and purchase a new OLED TV for $1500.  I'd pay with a credit card or (ideally) with Bitcoin.  I GUARANTEE you they would care if I then un-spent my bitcoin after I left the store with the TV.  
The point though is that it's not reliable.  Up until now, 0-conf payments have been almost totally reliable.  Now we are changing things to make them mostly untrustworthy unless the buyer goes through hoops (high TX fee) and the merchant must monitor this and analyze risk.  That's not a plan to spur adoption.  


There's a difference between willing to pay and willing to get in a bidding war.  
Take the airline analogy.  I want the airline to tell me the ticket price and I will pay it when I buy the ticket.  This is simple and reliable.  
I do NOT want the airline to make me and the other passengers fight it out in the security line and bid against each other for who gets to go on the plane.  This is complex and unreliable.  


What did Satoshi Dice ever do to you?  And, when payment channels are a thing (which will happen in a few months), Dice can be viable again.  Open up a channel to Dice, do your betting, then close it.  2 chain transactions and everybody is happy.  
@_date: 2016-03-04 17:11:22


Let me put that in different words:  If we raise fees, we will make some people not want to use Bitcoin.  That is the definition of elastic demand- by raising the price, you reduce the demand.  I fully agree with your assessment, I just think it's a bad strategy if we want Bitcoin to grow.  
If we want to grow Bitcoin, that means MORE transactions and MORE users using the blockchain for MORE new business models, NOT incentives to avoid using Bitcoin.
I would rather GROW Bitcoin and welcome EVERYBODY who wants to use it than 'elastic' some transactions away.  
@_date: 2017-02-02 01:14:27
Oh, that's a bit different.  Although if an AI made up Bitcoin, I'd think it wouldn't have left the 1MB limit as a source of problems for 2017-humans to deal with...
@_date: 2016-03-08 00:22:45
And who decides what those consensus rules are?
If Core decided to change the consensus rules, would they be 'Bitcoin competition'?  
Besides, if Classic's vote succeeds, that means 75+% of the (notoriously conservative) miners will be supporting the new consensus rules.  In other words, 2MB *IS* the new consensus.  
So it's not breaking the consensus, it's putting it up for a vote.  
@_date: 2016-03-05 02:15:25


We are nowhere near that point.  Right now we have a sign left over from when the park only had one ride, that says only 500 people can be in the park each day.  Even though we can handle many more, we are only letting 500 in because that sign is there.  Since we are becoming popular, people are selling their tickets in the parking lot and vacations are being ruined when people can't get into the park.  
Besides, a smartly designed park would plan ahead and build rides so they are ready when traffic increases.  That way nobody is kept out, everybody who wants to come in can come in.  That's not what we've done.  For years even though people have been saying 'you'll have 500 guests soon!' we've been ignoring the problem saying 'well we can deal with that later'.  
Now even though we know from experience that the park can handle 1000-1500 guests, we are sticking with the 500 guest maximum until several more rides are built.  It's a bad strategy.  
@_date: 2016-03-05 17:31:40
Not necessarily.  I found your post organically because I subscribe to both and Is it so hard to believe that others might do the same?  And that maybe your post calling for the destruction of one of the oldest and most prominent Bitcoin companies, that has done more to get new users involved than almost anybody else, might trigger some strong opinions?
If I went in and posted that the KKK had the right idea and people should destroy the Democratic party in favor of the Communist party, I'd get tons of downvotes very quickly.  That's not brigading, that's me posting something that a lot of people feel is dumb and offensive.  
Just the same, unless there is a post in saying 'go look at this dumbass who wants to attack Coinbase, go downvote him' it's hard to argue that brigading happens.  
There is a difference between brigading and a lot of people who disagree finding your post.  Remember that :)
@_date: 2016-01-18 07:45:03
Simple solution:  encourage miners to only accept such transactions when higher fees are paid.  If you want to raise the fee on OP_RETURN transactions then by all means go for it (although since they don't add to the UTXO set, and they are considered prunable, they take up less network resource than a full transaction).  
None of this requires artificially limiting the block size and making life hard for people trying to transact money.  
@_date: 2016-01-18 08:18:46
Yes of course
But by the time that happens, transaction load will be much much higher than it is today.  Hopefully by then we'll have 10+MB blocks all full of real transactions.  
@_date: 2016-01-18 07:27:57
Disagree.  If the users wanted free and nothing else, nobody would pay transaction fees.  
Users are quite willing to pay transaction fees, and miners are quite willing to play with their block inclusion logic to make sure users pay their fees.  
@_date: 2016-01-16 14:33:03
You're missing the larger point though.  
If we have 1MB of block space, and 1.2MB of transactions, then some of those transactions WILL NOT FIT.  As someone put it, if you have a bus with 20 seats and 25 people who want a ride, there's no ticket price that gets everybody on the bus.  
First- that means the effective death of 0-conf.  If there are more transactions than there is space, we have to start throwing away some of those transactions to keep the mempool from inflating uncontrollably.  Core's proposal is to throw away the lowest fee transactions, which means any merchants (BitPay etc) will have to start running probability estimates to decide if a transaction will make it into a block or not, and perhaps using CPFP to keep from losing money.  Suddenly Bitcoin at point of sale becomes a lot more expensive and risky.  
Let's say a few of the big guys (Coinbase, Circle, BitPay, etc) decide to skip SegWit.  That means whatever portion of the block their transactions take up (and I suspect it's a major portion) won't benefit from SegWit, *and neither will anybody else*.  Because if 75% of transactions don't support SegWit, that means a very modest benefit for everybody else.  Probably not enough to stay ahead of the transaction load.  So that puts us back where we were before- throwing away transactions, making 0-conf useless.  
@_date: 2016-01-17 11:35:46
I disagree.
I think ideal scenario is as follows:  
- Classic releases, is widely adopted.  75% vote succeeds, 2MB fork happens.  
- Core accepts 2MB fork, releases new version with 2MB limit.  
- **Core and Classic and Unlimited remain separate.**  They share code amicably and cooperate on other improvements such as SegWit, Thin Blocks / iBLT / other efficiency improvements, etc.  But they remain separate projects with separate governances.  
- A multi-client ecosystem forms.  The various projects (and perhaps some new ones) each have their own large group of users.  
- **This creates a 'checks and balances' system.**  Going forward, no single dev team has sole authority over the Bitcoin protocol.  
With a real choice of software comprising multiple widely used and respected implementations, nodes and miners are even more say in how they contribute to the network.  "If you disagree, run other software" has actual teeth because multiple good choices are available.  
@_date: 2017-02-18 18:24:30
So are you saying that a SegWit transaction (base + witness data) takes up fewer bytes than a normal transaction?  If so this is the first I've heard of that.  Do you have a reference?  
If that's not what you're saying, if SegWit transactions are the same size as normal transactions, then it's all just accounting tricks and when it comes to decentralization there's no real difference.
@_date: 2014-03-22 06:03:16
I'm a geeky American who uses both.  mm are more efficient than 32nds of an inch any day of the week...
@_date: 2016-01-18 05:46:39
You misunderstand.  It's not about people, it's about ideas.  
I can value a person greatly but still disagree with them on a few issues.  If I'm in a position of authority, I can override them on those issues.  That doesn't mean I don't value the rest of what they say.  
It's only an all or nothing proposition if one or both sides are immature.  If a Core dev decides being overruled by the *USER BASE* creates so much butthurt that he ragequits, I view that as a sign of immaturity.  
Developing any software requires the humility to admit that the users generally know what they need better than you do.  If you can't understand that or can't deal with it, you probably shouldn't be developing open source software.  
Also- while there are idiots on both sides, please don't think that a vote for Classic is a vote telling Core to fuck off.  I want and expect Core to keep innovating and releasing great ideas after a Classic vote succeeds, because we all benefit from that.  
I want a healthy ecosystem of multiple implementations.  Such an ecosystem provides checks and balances on both Core and other developers- because they have to convince other dev teams that their ideas are good, and because users have readily available alternatives, the USERS stay in control.
That to me sounds like a good thing :)
@_date: 2016-03-15 21:00:35


That may be the policy now after everybody thought it over a bit more.  It wasn't the policy back then.  Back then the policy was "XT will create its own forked chain which is incompatible with the reference implementation, therefore it is not Bitcoin, it is an altcoin and thus not relevant for discussion".  I really can't stress how hostile that is to someone who thought BIP101 was a good idea.  It's saying "You aren't Bitcoiners, you are outsiders".  That fragmented things more than anything Gavin ever did.  
Now pre-ban, BIP101/XT were certainly hot topics and there was lots of contention.  But, as with every contentious issue before, we all knew that we were on the same page- we all support Bitcoin and want Bitcoin to succeed.  We might disagree on how to accomplish that, perhaps angrily, but we all understood that we were all on the same page.  
Ignoring its merits, XT (and Classic) are not hostile attacks.  From a big-blocker POV, we see the block space crunch ('fee event' as Garzik put it) as a serious problem that should be avoided, not embraced.  While a hard fork is a change on a code level, it preserves behavior from a user level, therefore in a sense the hard fork is the less radical option because after the HF Bitcoin would continue to behave as it always had, with reliable 0-conf.  
That's why you have people promoting BIP101, XT, and Classic.  They see the developers as deadlocked and unable to make a decision (remember, Gavin had been trying to get action since 2013 with no success).  With the very future of Bitcoin at stake so they say 'If the devs can't make up their minds, let's let the miners decide'.  
So Gavin and Mike build what (from a big-block PoV) is a nice way of putting it to community vote.  Then we are told in an authoritarian top-down fashion that we're not real Bitcoiners and we should GTFO.  I really cannot put into words how hostile and divisive that was.  
At that instant, BIP101 and XT no longer mattered- it became a religious war over censorship and control of the very soul of Bitoin.  Accusations of bad faith by 'blockstream core' suddenly were no longer fringe arguments to be ignored, they were front and center.  
My point of all this- IMHO, the Theymos policy caused far more division and bad blood and community split than BIP101 ever could have.  
OTOH if the (lack of) merits of BIP101 were argued in an open forum, without censorship of any kind, that would very likely have stopped BIP101.  And if it didn't, then BIP101 didn't deserve to be stopped (disastrous or not).  **If the only way we can secure the future stability of Bitcoin is by censoring things, then we should admit that Bitcoin isn't antifragile and we are all wasting our time.**


I think a better analogy would be to say XT was like $Candidate foregoing the primary (party nomination) elections and going directly into the Presidential election.  Remember, XT/Classic do nothing until/unless 75% of miners vote for them.  Thus they are not coup attempts, just ballot initiatives.  


There's a few technical flaws to this argument.  
1. We're not talking about block *size* and never were.  We are talking about block size *limit*.  Back when Satoshi set the 1MB limit (as a spam filter, not as a fee policy system), 1MB blocks would have ground the network to a halt.  That didn't happen because there wasn't 1MB worth of transactions in a block.  The same idea applies today- we raise the limit to 8MB limit today, there won't be 8MB worth of transactions tomorrow or anytime soon. 
2. I read JToomim's research and watched his presentation... really great quality work.  He was testing block propagation based on two factors- time to transfer the block itself, and time to validate the block's contents.  Since a node must (currently) fully download and fully validate a block before propagating it, that creates a somewhat non-linear scaling problem (IE, 2MB blocks are less than half as fast as 1MB blocks.  
His conclusions as I remember them:  a. For blocks that have to pass through China's GFW, 2-3MB is the maximum tolerable amount currently, b. for signature validation, 2-3MB doesn't cause a problem for anything except an outdated NAS gadget running Bitcoin software.  Because of these problems, scaling anywhere beyond 2-3MB would be extremely problematic in the immediate term.  
Fortunately both of those problems have solutions.  
For block sizes, various groups are working on thin block type proposals.  I won't go over these unless you want a rehash but long story short, you can propagate a 1MB block with less than 50KB of transfer.  That will totally solve the bandwidth/GFW issue.  
For signature validation, we have libsecp256k1 which will drastically lower CPU usage for sighash validation of new blocks.  
Both of these either are out now or will be out soon.  
3. The result of all this is that as long as Bitcoin growth doesn't outpace Moore's law, we don't have a problem anytime soon.  
I will however entertain the idea that BIP101 could have caused a problem years in the future.  I could see future situations where unchecked block growth might not be desirable.  So if you want to argue that BIP101's growth algorithm was too aggressive I'll give you that as a valid criticism of BIP101.  




He's also missing point  from above.  A WHOLE LOT of people were, are, and continue to miss that.  Nobody wants 8MB blocks anytime soon, nor will there BE 8MB blocks anytime soon no matter what we set the limit at.  Even if we bumped the limit to 8MB today, by the time block sizes hit 1.3MB, thin blocks and libsecp256k1 would make it a non issue.  
@_date: 2016-01-19 10:07:56
I miss that show :(
@_date: 2016-03-16 04:30:35


I'm glad you see that this can at least be an issue.  I'm not sure how a doublespend attack is a parallel though...


Much of Bitcoin is like this- make helping the network more profitable than hurting/cheating it.  That doesn't answer the issue at hand though- that a 95% requirement gives those who would vote 'no' a huge amount of power over the others and the ability to hold up the process.  


Sure it is.  There might be social pressure on them, but they are under no obligation to compromise if they don't want to.  
Let's remember the scope of what we're all trying to do here- disrupt the money system.  If someone thought they could kill us by paying one miner a few million bucks to walk away (or threaten to kill their family), don't you think there are people in the world who might seriously consider doing that?  
Hell, even with 75% two miners (one large one small) could probably hold up the process.  It's less likely though and below 75% makes the hard fork less decisive so I think 75% is a good compromise.  


I don't think the community is split down the middle.  I think the majority of users support a 2MB hard fork ASAP (even if they disagree with the strategy), as well as the majority of Bitcoin-related companies such as Coinbase.  As Jeff Garzik put it, "I have never seen this much disconnect between user wishes and dev outcomes in 20+ years of open source."  
I also look at [the node graph](  On Aug 10, there was 6014 Core nodes.  Today there's 4,630 Core nodes and 3,061 Classic nodes.  
I then look at the graph of [Core vs Classic 0.12 nodes](  Core 0.12 is controversial as it includes RBF.  Classic 0.12 is controversial as it includes a hard fork.  Almost twice as many people have adopted Classic 0.12 in a week as have adopted Core 0.12 in ~3 weeks.  
Both those graphs do not count duplicate nodes, so those are all real nodes.  Now admittedly some of them are cloud nodes (like the guy earlier today who was running ~800 nodes) but those cloud nodes are crowd funded, meaning they represent the wishes of real community members.  
When I look at these graphs I do not see a community split 'down the middle'.  I see one entrenched client slowly losing market share, and I see one new client rapidly gaining market share.  If these graphs represented stock prices rather than node counts, which stock would you invest in?
Also, while I don't see strong *consensus* yet, I do see strong *majority preference*.  As I've said many times, with contentious issues we cannot expect to get consensus, potentially ever.  IF WE COULD get consensus I'd be all for it but I see no evidence that Core would be willing to integrate a near term hard fork of any size as part of a consensus agreement.  


Lots of people call lots of things attacks when they don't agree with them.  LukeJr calls SatoshiDICE a hostile spam attack.  Certainly XT was more contentious than average, but no previous 'attack' has led to censorship of its discussion or even promotion.  


I would say your argument DOES apply in reverse because the consensus rules are there to enforce the behavior of Bitcoin, not the other way around.  
To make an analogy- cops can ticket you for jaywalking because jaywalking causes traffic jams and accidents.  The ticket is there to serve the end goal of reducing accidents and increasing traffic flow.  If I build a fence next to the road that prevents people from jaywalking, I am serving the same goal.  One might argue that I'm preventing the police officer from ticketing people, and they'd be correct, but they're making the wrong argument as they see the ticket as the goal rather than improving safety and traffic flow.  


You say we will lose.  I am not so sure.  I see momentum for Classic picking up, not slowing down.  Besides, we are not driving the community apart- you are welcome to argue against Classic and promote Core in and you will not be banned for doing so.  Can say the same thing?  
Besides, even if the result of Classic is a better compromise, that's fine by me.  However I so far see no evidence that Core is willing to make such a compromise.  A compromise I would live with (and I suspect most others also) would be ANY sort of likely hard fork that keeps block size limits ahead of transaction volume, at least until we have other options like payment channels.  Make it a dynamic limit, make it 1.5MB for now and 2MB later, whatever.  However every single thing offered by Core is too little too late- solutions that come long after the 'fee event'.  
If Core support was promised in the short term, we'd even compromise on the 75% thing.  I think 95% is too high but I suspect there's a compromise to be had in the 80-90% region IF CORE GIVES IT THE FULL ENDORSEMENT.  That means the voting code integrated into Core 0.12.1 or whatever, to be released in mid April with an activation in May.  
Show me ANY likelihood that such a thing is even slightly possible and I will start advocating for it immediately.  
I do not believe such a thing is possible because even with all the miners yelling at them, the best compromise they could get is 2MB in 2017.  


I think you're shifting blame.  I think if someone said 'let's do 2MB for now and then discuss later' back in 2014, Gavin would have probably gone for it.  Then the hard fork could be done in a very safe manner (year long activation delay).  It would have happened before the block size hit 1MB and there would have been no acutal fork.  
Bottom line- Speaking for myself, I believe we need a hard fork ASAP.  Give me a compromise that includes a full-Core-support hard fork fairly soon, and almost anything else (that doesn't break 0-conf) is on the table for negotiation as compromise.  You want 95% majority, with a month long activation, fine; because with Core support there is consensus.  
Show me any evidence that Core would be interested in such a deal and I will use whatever tiny little bit of forum clout I have to beg the parties involved to make that happen.  
@_date: 2016-01-16 11:50:23
A lot of people wonder the same thing.
The justification I've heard is that if blocks fill up and only the higher fee transactions are getting confirmed, a transaction might sit around for a while (days) and you might legitimately want to kill it.  Thus RBF.  
Personally I don't like this.  We already have CPFP (Child Pays For Parent) where you can send a second transaction fee later to help a stuck transaction confirm.  Theoretically, RBF would be more efficient as then only one transaction goes in the block rather than two.  
However I think this should be limited to FSS-RBF (First Seen Safe RBF), which allows a transaction to be RBFd but only if the outputs stay the same (thus preventing you from un-spending your Bitcoin).  That creates the same effect as CPFP but without needing two transactions to do it.  
@_date: 2017-03-23 01:17:45
I'd encourage anyone who thinks this is a neat idea to consider how dangerous it is.  
While I can understand the temptation to stop waiting and Push The Button, this is taking a HUGE risk.  
If the SegWit group has a minority of hash power support, this would cause an intentional network split.  And while it sounds nice to force those pesky miners to adopt SegWit, remember that Core's not the only game in town.  This might be seen as a hostile aggressive action to push an unwanted modification on a defiant network.  In that case, the remaining miners might well adopt BU more quickly.  
That may not stop a minority of the hash power from activating SegWit but that minority will be creating an intentional fork.  Since the new coin will have a minority of the hash power it will need a new name and moniker.  I suggest SBC (Segwit BitCoin) or BCS (BitCoin-Segwit) or BCC (BitCoin Core).  In either split (UASF or BU) the BTC designation and moniker should stay with the majority chain.  
While I can understand the desire to get SegWit activated, I really don't think this is the way to do it :\
@_date: 2017-03-19 12:05:12
Reducing his mining powers?  Who is proposing this?  
I agree that miner centralization is bad, but the solution is to decentralize mining, not try to somehow make miners less important.  Mining is what ensures the security of the network.  Miners and users were *supposed* to be the same thing.  
Right now I think the only way to fix mining centralization is to change the PoW.  That would have to be done as a gradual thing, where for a time both the new PoW and the old SHA-based PoW are valid.  This would probably last for some years, so the miners don't totally lose their investment.  
I don't see anyone suggesting such a thing.  
If you're talking about UASF, that's basically just a vote with a 'please Sybil attack me' sign on it.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:18:05
True.  But people who want a widely-adopted cryptocurrency that they can actually spend at merchants, have to use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-03-04 18:03:02


Nonsense.  Blockchains aren't expensive.  I can put together a Raspberry Pi for under $100 that will store the whole thing, with 2+MB blocks, for the next several years.  
That said- I don't expect a system to work for free.  I expect the people actually paying for it (miners) to charge what they consider a fair market rate.  I expect this to be decided by market forces between miners.  
I do NOT expect an artificial limitation, that is no longer necessary for the safe operation of Bitcoin, to induce a higher fee by creating artificial scarcity where none exists and none is needed.
@_date: 2016-03-06 02:11:09
Clever, but dangerous.  That requires the "KRS" to hold a key to your wallet, so your coins are always accessible from the KRS.  Thus, you don't control your own coins, someone else has a backdoor key.  
You're right that secure instant payments are important though.  I'm hoping payment channels or some variant thereof provide a way to do this...
@_date: 2016-01-15 17:46:08
I think this is a bit pessimistic.  
In fairness to the Core devs- their position seems to be "don't make big changes unless everyone agrees".  That's valid, except that in this particular case, NOT making a change IS a big change.  
The one thing that's seriously missing though is an honest discussion of WHAT Bitcoin is and how it should be used.  Ideas like RBF, while well-intentioned, should be subject to a LOT of discussion.
@_date: 2016-03-06 02:26:08


So it's 2-of-3 with you, BitGo, and the KRS being the 3.  
So not quite as bad as I thought (KRS and BitGo would have to work together to spend your coins) but you are still trusting 3rd parties.  So it's not 100% secure or trustless since your coins could in theory be spent without your approval.  
@_date: 2016-03-08 04:30:17
Very true.  
Bitcoin is something special to all of us, so we react very strongly when we perceive it being threatened.  However we must all remember to, as someone from Reddit once put it, "remember the human".  
Sure, lots of people on both sides have done and said some unfortunate things (and continue to do so).  
But we must remember that Core devs are not a cult of evil trolls who live in Adam Back's underground lair, feasting on kittens and puppies while plotting the demise of Bitcoin.  
And we must also remember that Gavin is not a power hungry lunatic who has recruited others to stage a hostile takeover of Bitcoin to make himself king.  
Two reasonable people can both look at the same situation and come to different conclusions.  I might feel that the risks of full blocks are greater than the risk of a fast hard fork; but the next user might feel that the risks of an unsuccessful hard fork are greater than the risks of full blocks.  I might believe that keeping the blockchain open and available is the best way to scale short-term, the next person might believe that fee pressure will help drive off-chain innovations like payment channels.  
I mean, the guy who wants small blocks is obviously wrong :P.  But then again, he probably feels the same way about me.  And it's only by respecting each others' viewpoints and hearing one another out that we move forward.  We may not agree, ever, and we may disagree strongly.  We may even argue and fight for our positions, encouraging others to join us.  But we should never, ever forget that at the end of the day, we are all on the same side- the side of Bitcoin.  
When we forget that, that is when we fail.  We fail each other and we fail Bitcoin.  That is when intelligent arguments degrade into ad hominem attacks, when opinions turn into voting brigades, when disagreements turn into censorship and even attacks.  I am ashamed that any of these things have become commonplace in this wonderful community.  
The ends never justify the means.  Remembering who we are is always more important than winning this battle.  
I wish both sides would think about that a bit more :(
@_date: 2016-03-15 19:07:03


I am glad to hear you say this.  However the problem is that one or two *specific* people can create 'significant' opposition.  For example, Jihan Wu, CEO of AntMiner/AntPool.  I've got no issue with him, I'm just using him as an example here.  He controls 25% of the total network hashrate (that's a centralization problem for another discussion...)  If he decided to be one of the obstinate people who refused to cooperate with an otherwise large consensus, he alone, one man, would have the power to block a 95% consensus.  
If you look at [this chart]( I see 5 people who would have that power.  AntMiner, Discus Fish, BTCC, BitFury, and BWPool.  Now you argue that pressure to go along with a consensus would persuade those people to cooperate, but would it?  If someone represents 25% of the hash power (as two people on that chart do), they might feel they have 25% of the responsibility.  
And what if there are external forces?  To people like Theymos and whoever paid for the DDoS attacks, the ends justify the means.  Theymos once said even if 95% of the community is against him, he will stick to his guns.  There are others like him out there.  What's to say one of them wouldn't blackmail Wu or one of those other large pools, dig up dirt on them and threaten to release it, or just promise a sustained DDoS attack until the end of time if they mine a single Classic block?  
That's why 95% threshold is unworkable.  If we agree that no one single person should be able to kill consensus, then it follows that we cannot have the threshold at 95% because that allows any one of several people to kill consensus.  With a 75% threshold, even AntMiner alone couldn't stop consensus (they have 26% of hash power, but since mining is probabilistic, the first unlucky streak they get will mean the others get 75% consensus).  


I am very, very glad we agree on this, at least a little bit.  However I still think you're ignoring the highly divisive effect his actions had in splitting the community.  If BIP101 was truly an attack, then Theymos and other Core supporters should have passionately made their case with words and persuaded people with better ideas.  


XT was contentious, but as I recall the real anti-XT hostility (calling it an attack, an altcoin, etc) didn't really pick up steam until after Theymos started censoring talk of it.  That was his justification for his policy, before that I don't think very many people took the 'we're under attack' stuff seriously.  


XT/Classic is not an attack any more than Bernie Sanders' campaign is an attack on America.  It is a vote, a way of establishing a new consensus.  
Now you call it an attack, an unwanted change.  That's fine, it's your opinion and I respect your right to have it (if not your right to force it on me).  
But let me explain something about your 'attackers'- when we consider unwanted change, we look at change to how Bitcoin works more than how the code makes that happen.  
**If blocks stay full forever, that is a significant change in how Bitcoin behaves.**  Full blocks probably require some flavor of RBF, and definitely require mempool pruning, which together kill 0-conf.  That kills Bitcoin at point-of-sale and many related business models.  It will make people lose money and it will make Bitcoin a lot less interesting to many potential adopters.  Garzik called this a Fee Event- when Bitcoin stops working the way it used to and starts working in a totally different way.  
To us, THAT is the more unwanted change.  To us, THAT is a bigger problem than hurt feelings due to 'disrespected' opinions.  To us, it's a bigger problem than butthurt developers (who basically ignored this issue for years anyway).  
So to us, NOT increasing the block size is the larger and more unwanted 'change' because it means using Bitcoin will be a very different experience.  A hard limit on transaction capacity means the end of unlimited, 'come one come all' style full-throttle adoption growth.  
I would reuse your argument and ask you to respect these opinions (which are shared by a very significant proportion of the community including a lot of the intellectual capital) and thus keep the old behavior until we have consensus that a fee market is important enough to stimulate through block size limits.  Please stop the advocation of a contentious fee market for now, when half the community will oppose it purely on the grounds it's contentious anyway, what is the point?  
Now for the record, while I reused your phrasing there to make a point, I disagree with your argument.  You want us to settle down and play nice and let's sit down and 'negotiate and compromise' about the issue until we all agree.  If this were 2013 or 2014 I'd agree with that, but it's not.  Gavin (and others such as Mike Hearn) tried to sit down and talk in 2013 and 2014 and nothing happened.  There was no compromise, no 'safe' 1-year-advance-notice block size increase to 1.5MB even.  
To us, this is like being in a car barreling toward a cliff and arguing whether we should swerve left or swerve right.  We'd been trying to negotiate but the guy driving the car refuses to turn the wheel until everybody else in the car agrees (some passengers keep insisting there's a giant bean bag at the bottom of the cliff and a better road to our destination).  For those that don't agree with the bean bag theory, at some point you have to stop trying to discuss the issue and start trying to make the car turn before we go over the edge.  That's what BIP101 was, and that's what Classic is.  
Also on 'compromise'- EVERY compromise offered by Core involves a block size increase long after a fee event.  These are rejected because they are not a compromise, they are Core getting their way until it doesn't matter anymore (most recent 'compromise' was 2017).  
I hope that helps explain my side a bit better...
@_date: 2016-01-27 20:57:23
Then I tell him to make the fuel tank bigger, even if we have to stop and dismantle part of the rocket to install a bigger fuel tank.
I would rather have some delay from installing a bigger fuel tank than a "Here's the plans for a more efficient engine, they're almost complete but we'll e-mail them to you after launch.  If everybody on the rocket can build and install their own better engine before you run out of fuel you'll be all set".  
Or worse, "Don't worry about running out of fuel, we'll send you another booster rocket when you're already halfway there!"
Or worse, "Don't worry about running out of fuel, it's not a problem, we will let each person on the rocket bid for the remaining fuel so most of you will get there!"
@_date: 2016-01-02 01:34:39
There's no guarantee.  The consensus rules can be changed with a hard fork- for example the 21 million coin limit, or the difficulty calculation, or even the proof of work.  If a majority of miners and nodes agree to that change, the change can happen.  However Bitcoin is designed so that it's generally in your own profit interest to support the public good rather than working against it.  IE, if I mine a block that gives myself more of a block reward than I'm allowed, other miners/nodes will reject it and I won't get anything at all.  
You can make changes within the protocol that don't require a hard fork, for example P2SH transactions look different than normal Bitcoin addresses.  
We don't know that blocks will be the same forever.  
However there are certain rules that are unlikely to be changed.  For example the 21 million coin limit- few would support changing that as it would remove a significant part of Bitcoin's value.  
As far as pruning goes- you can easily prune almost all the old transactions so you are left with the current UTXO set (list of all Bitcoin addresses and how many Bitcoins they own).  The problem is, this isn't trustless.  You have to then trust your UTXO list.  
A full node on the other hand can trace a coin from when it was mined all the way to where it is now, verifying the signatures of the whole path.  That ensures that you don't have to trust anybody or anything- just verify the crypto and you KNOW rather than trusting.  As long as that's the case, at least SOME people will have to run full nodes with a full copy of the Blockchain all the way back to the Genesis block.  
@_date: 2016-01-16 23:30:34
HOW DARE YOU INTERRUPT THIS PERFECTLY GOOD WITCH HUNT WITH REASONABLE EXPLANATIONS FOR THINGS!!!11
Jokes aside- you're absolutely right.  I've followed this whole nonsense closely for the past several months, and I don't see ANYONE trying to kill Bitcoin.  I see lots of people with different visions for Bitcoin or ideas on what will make Bitcoin succeed, and I don't see nearly enough humility or self-analysis (everybody is convinced they are right and everyone else is wrong).  
@_date: 2017-03-20 20:31:55
Perhaps I've been living in a different Bitcoin world...
I have never heard of any issues caused by miners increasing soft caps.  Can you link me to some evidence of this?  
As for devs- there have been *some* capacity improvements and efficiency things (IE libsecp256k1) but there have also been a lot of other things.  I'll remind you that Gavin was beating the scaling drum as far back as 2012 but was mostly ignored.  And since then, optimization has been a thing but far from 'round the clock'.  
Also I'll remind you that until SegWit came about, Core had no serious plan for capacity increases.  As I recall, it was just 'Lightning eventually'.  
And until Jonathan Toomim's excellent research on how big of block sizes the network could *actually* handle (answer- 3-4mb, as of a year or two ago), there was a ton of FUD about how anything over 1MB would break the network in nonspecific ways.  
@_date: 2016-03-08 00:13:11
If you are referring to members of those are not talking heads speaking on behalf of the users, those are the users themselves.  Same with there are a bunch of users who support Core (vs Classic).  
What sadly gets lost is that we all (more or less) want the same thing- we want Bitcoin to succeed and scale.  We just disagree on how best to accomplish that.  That leads to some unnecessarily hostile exchanges :(
@_date: 2017-03-08 01:08:08
Why I support BU or why I'm not a big fan of SegWit?  The two are very different questions...
BU- I think it's the most likely proposal to actually create a hard fork block size increase, which I think we desperately need.  Also the miners seem on board with the 'safe hard fork' plan of not creating any bigger blocks until the ecosystem has time to upgrade.  That's why I'm for it.  
I'm not against it because I've not heard any convincing arguments that it's dangerous.  I believe it has a higher risk of making more orphan blocks but I've not heard any convincing arguments that this will actually present any danger, since lots of blocks have been orphaned with no ill effect.  
Then there's a lot of FUD which I ignore- that BU's dev team are idiots who write buggy code, that BU is a hostile attack, etc.  That's just nonsense.  
@_date: 2017-03-06 22:41:51


And what is that?  (Just curious where you're going with that...)
I'd argue that Bitcoin-Core = electronic gold and it lacks another important thing people need from a money- the ability to easily spend it.  If transaction fees are high and transactions take hours or days, Bitcoin becomes useful as e-gold or a settlement layer and not much else.
@_date: 2016-01-19 20:55:00


Yeah but remember Classic nodes will keep trying to relay transactions to 1MB nodes.  The blocks will fill up with those transactions.  So if you'd want to force a transaction through on the remnant 1MB network you'd have to give it an absurd transaction fee.  And depending on which specific coins you would be trying to move, that transaction might relay back to the Classic network.  
The only way to be totally sure your coins ONLY moved on the 1MB network would be to first move them on the Classic network with low fee, wait for some future mempool scrub feature to kill it from 1MB chain's mempool, then move them again with a high fee on the 1MB chain.  Classic would then reject that transaction, but 1MB chain might accept it.  
I find it really hard to believe that anybody would bother with that.  
As for LN- that assumes that LN is released before Classic's hardfork happens (not likely).  Otherwise why would anybody bother with the dev effort to bolt it on to an outdated chain that's only mining 1 block per day?  
More importantly, why would that 1% miner keep mining?  The only reason to mine is because you expect your coins to be worth something.  If there's one idiot buying the coins on the 1MB chain maybe it's worth his money to mine, but more likely he could just do what I suggested above and double spend his old coins with different transaction fees to separate the 1MB chain instance of them.  
@_date: 2016-01-19 18:59:44


Not usefully though.  If the Core chain has 1% hash power, that means blocks will come out 1% as often, or about 1 block per 1000 minutes (about 1 block per 16 hours 45 mins).  With the 1MB limit in place, that cuts available block space to essentially zero.  It would be essentially impossible to guarantee your transaction made it into the daily block.  
And that situation would persist for a LONG time.  Difficulty adjusts every 2016 blocks.  Let's assume the split happens about in the middle of the difficulty cycle, at that rate it would be just under *2 YEARS* before the next difficulty adjustment.  
I have a hard time believing anybody would pay any real attention to such a broken chain, especially since it would so rapidly get hopelessly stale behind the new Classic chain...
@_date: 2016-01-22 12:21:18
That's true.  The spam filter for example wasn't a major issue, but it did distract away from XT's core mission.  
And back in August, 'Wait for the Scaling Bitcoin conferences!' sounded perfectly logical.  Now that they've happened and nothing terribly productive came of them, that excuse isn't around anymore.  
@_date: 2017-03-13 20:26:30


Or the network can reject the hard fork entirely, as the network rejected BIP101 and BIP109 (Bitcoin XT / Bitcoin Classic).  That's what I mean people can decide not to upgrade.  They can say 'sorry we don't want this on our Bitcoin' and if a majority of the miners don't upgrade, then either the activation vote will fail, or if activation is forced with a flag day, the majority of non-upgraded miners will ignore and orphan the new hardforked blocks.  


Interesting point, as I said this is the first time I've seen someone make this argument.  AFAIK, the default behavior of a wallet is to pick a random input that has enough funds to cover the transaction, and use that.  Perhaps there should be an agreement that the default behavior should be to combine smaller inputs.  However then you are trading UTXO bloat for more block space usage.  From what I've read, most people worry less about UTXO bloat, but this is something that should be fairly easy to test with a simulation.


That's true, if a miner really wanted to spam the blockchain they could make a million 0-fee transactions passing the same twelve satoshis back and forth.  However the only benefit is to kick anyone with a shitty connection (nodes and miners) off the network.  The same 51% problem applies- in the time they're transferring all those GB's of bogus transactions to the rest of the network, the rest of the network may have mined 2 or 3 blocks, orphaning their giant block.  
BU however in its current configuration would stop this sort of attack with the 'excessive block' setting.  Excessive block says that if a block arrives that's larger than a certain size, only accept that giant block if __ blocks are mined on top of it.  [This Medium post by Peter Rizun]( explains that in more detail.  
That's the whole idea with emergent consensus- by specifying what size blocks they want to accept, but also having a mechanism to keep working if consensus disagrees with them, you can continue to prevent the attack you mention but also without a hard-coded block size limit.  
@_date: 2016-01-28 07:49:46
For the future, sure.  If another issue comes up, "Well, Mike Hearn advocated for..." probably isn't much of an argument.  
But for the block size issue, let's not forget Mike was with Bitcoin practically since the beginning; he's a talented (if sometimes slightly arrogant) coder and cryptographer, and overall a Bitcoin visionary on the same level as Gavin.  
So even though he ragequit and joined a private blockchain firm, I think it's still quite valid to cite his opinion on the block size issue.
@_date: 2016-01-15 08:12:15
Just FYI, the same thing applies in reverse.
If four or five developers can prevent Bitcoin from changing and adapting to higher transaction loads, in the face of widespread criticism and through the use of authoritarian tactics, then does that make Bitcoin any more of a success?
Now if two, or five, or any small number of people (no matter who they are) can fuck up Bitcoin, then we HAVE failed.  
Fact is we are all on the same side.  We all want Bitcoin to succeed and grow, we just disagree on how best to make that happen.  The sooner we stop calling people names and accusing people of bad faith and resume TALKING to one another, the sooner we can make that happen.
Because there's something a lot more important than the block size limit, or SegWit, or hardforks, or developers, or consensus- and that's COMMUNITY.  It's okay to disagree, even to feel strongly about issues of contention.  That's a constant in all human affairs.  But when we start holding our disagreements against each other, making the issue about good people vs bad people rather than good ideas vs bad ideas, THAT is where we stray from Satoshi's vision.
I believe that the second most useful thing Satoshi did (the first being inventing Bitcoin) was to leave before Bitcoin got popular.  In the early days, Satoshi was a lead developer.  If he were around today, he'd be treated like a god by a great many.  Bitcoin does not need gods or celebrities, treating ANYBODY involved as such is actively harmful to Bitcoin.  
**//edit:  if you're going to downvote me, please post a reply and explain why I am wrong...**
@_date: 2017-03-08 02:24:08
You're contradicting yourself.  You say you like miner voting, but if a vote leads to action if successful, that's an attack?  XT/Classic were votes, just self-enforcing ones- if the miners vote in favor of the proposal, it automatically takes effect.  Why is that a bad thing?  
Would you prefer a non-binding vote where miners say 'pretty please' and then someone else codes it?  Why is that in any way better?  
And what's to stop Core from saying 'that's nice but those miners don't really understand Bitcoin and they aren't important so we're ignoring their little straw poll'?  


What do you define as 'consensus'?  
And what do you define as a 'safe activation methodology', if supermajority + a month delay isn't enough?  


How about we flip that around:  
- Community Discussion
- Implementation  
- Testnet  
- Binding miner vote
Why is that so bad?  Since a vote takes a long time, why not work out the bugs first, get something ready for production, and then let the miners give it final approval?  


Necessary for a flag day.  Useless for a binding vote because the implementation/adoption has already happened.  




If you demand 95% then you create a situation where one single person (a big miner) can be blackmailed into opposing the proposal, or can kill it because he doesn't like it.  No one person should ever have that kind of power over Bitcoin.  
On a more broad note though, **I think the people RUNNING the software, namely miners and users, should have more power than the people writing the software.**  In traditional open source, if you don't like the way a project runs, you fork it or run something else.  Here we're being told that's a hostile attack.  I reject that thinking.  


And they were flag day hardforks as I recall.  See above notes.


Why bother?  If the old chain is crippled, nobody will use it intentionally, and as the chains diverge its traffic will be increasingly rejected by the rest of the network.  It will die on its own.  


What you consider 'clearly false' are things I consider opinions.  For example, whether BU is an attack or a vote- that's an opinion.  I say it's a vote because nobody promised to run Core-compatible software.  You could say it's an attack because it interferes with the operation of Core software.  Matter of opinion.  The difference is, I can recognize that my opinions are opinions, you seem to be stating yours as fact.  


Again, opinion.  Show me in technical terms where the danger is and I'll give it a serious look.  I don't want to harm Bitcoin anymore than you do, but every anti-BU argument I've seen feels like FUD.  Show me some real technical facts, like a situation that would actually cause it to fail, and I'd be interested to hear that.  


For complex multisig transactions.  For standard a-pays-b transactions it's closer to 1.6MB, and only if all of those are SegWit transactions.
@_date: 2016-01-17 15:51:20
Well if you have a growing backlog that keeps growing and doesn't shrink, then yes eventually you have to either prune or let nodes run out of RAM and crash.  
Although I think a way to let mempool spill over to disk is a very good idea, especially since SSDs are now more common than ever...
As for a spam attack- if you have lots of nodes with lots of different pruning implementations, the more different ways of pruning you have, the less likely a legit transaction will be dropped.  
If we have some nodes running a 'cheapest goes first' and other nodes running a 'random+children go as needed', that means to kill a large number of legit transactions a spammer would have to continually flood the network with a large number of high-fee transactions.  And if even some of those nodes are saving transactions to disk, then the spammer would have to keep this up for a very long time (to fill up the disk) before it would have any permanent effect.
That's another reason why competing implementations are a good thing.  Diverse implementations make it harder to attack the weaknesses of any one implementation...
@_date: 2016-01-21 17:55:16
Reading the article, all I see is the pools saying they haven't committed to installing software that doesn't exist yet.  
Calling this 'confirmed that pools will stick with Core' seems like an attempt to dictate a narrative which is not supported by the article...
@_date: 2017-03-07 05:11:47


Did it really?  I don't remember that.  Why didn't it go any farther and get activated?


There are no attacks, there are votes.  
Or if you disagree on that, let me ask you this: how do you get consensus if you have 2 or 3 Core developers who will never support a block size increase no matter what?  How is anybody supposed to make progress in that environment?  It creates a situation where the only options are give up or put it to the miners for a vote.  That's not an attack, that's a vote.  
If 75+% of miners agree, isn't that a sort of consensus?  
Besides, if you consider XT and Classic to be 'attacks to HF without consensus' then isn't BIP100 also such an attack?  
Put differently, how does one start a non-attackish hard fork without the agreement of the *Core Developers*?  Or do you consider that impossible, if Core doesn't support it then it's hostile?


From what I've read, including from Core devs, this isn't really true.  It's correct that you CAN keep running old software and it won't kick you off the network, but you'll be creating a security risk for everybody because your node or miner will see SegWit transactions as 'anyone can spend' transactions.  That IMHO is more dangerous than kicking some people off.  
That's also why SegWit has a 95% activation threshold.  


I didn't see any actual stakeholder (payment processor, miner, exchange, etc) say 28 days wasn't enough.  Also based on previous experience, 28 days is enough to get most nodes upgraded, especially with an alert key message.  
75% threshold had to be that to prevent one miner from poisoning the deal.  The miners themselves specifically asked for that, so they couldn't be blackmailed into doing it.  
Besides, as activation thresholds go, it just has to be high enough to declare a clear winner and cripple the 'losing' chain.  
Even GMax (as I recall) was recently saying that &gt;51% is the real important number, and 75% should be enough for a safe change...


So, if someone sees the same data as you and comes to a different conclusion, then they're either evil or scheming?  It's not at all possible for someone to have a different opinion, or to estimate the risks differently?  Doesn't that sound like a pretty closed-minded world view?  


I like the idea of BIP100, but I also think we need a scaling solution.  I'm not so afraid of BU that I'd rather let the network flounder while more traffic goes to Dash and Ether and BTC becomes increasingly irrelevant.  
Get me 30% of miners and a big community supporting BIP100 and I'd seriously consider backing it over BU.  
Hell, get Core to support a 2MB increase and I'd applaud that!  
But right now, for anyone who wants real scaling, BU is what there is.  Right now I think it's the only way to get ANY sort of real scaling to happen, so I support it flaws and all.  
@_date: 2017-03-29 16:34:04
Do you have a minimum transaction fee?  That would seem wise these days, otherwise a double spend isn't even needed.  Just send you the money with a super low fee, and it will never confirm...
@_date: 2016-01-18 05:25:02


You misunderstand.  When I'm talking about running out of blockspace, I'm not talking about SegWit.  I'm talking about the fact that Core's plan isn't going to provide a useful block size increase fast enough.  SegWit only provides a serious increase if everybody starts using it, and by their own admission that will take many, many months.  For miners/exchanges/payment systems/etc that run their own software, SegWit isn't just a quick change, it's a serious rewrite of how transactions are handled.  This takes a Long Time.  
The important part of this is that we will hit 1MB worth of real transactions before SegWit can effectively provide any serious increases to the block size.  That means we will hit a point where all the blocks are full and there are still transactions backing up.  
If we hit that, it will seriously change the way Bitcoin works for the end user, and not in a good way.  [Jeff Garzik wrote a great post talking about this]( it's worth your time to read.  
Any fear-based arguments coming from the big block side relate to trying to avoid a situation where there is consistently more transactions than there is block space, or as Garzik puts it, a 'fee event'.  I don't think it's any LESS valid to argue the downsides of a fee event than it is to argue the downsides of a botched hard fork.  
Make sense?


How does that work?  Do you suggest we split Bitcoin into two child coins, and keep it that way?  That sounds like a terrible idea to me, it would be chaos, and merchants and users would be the ones left out in the cold.  


Okay then let's talk politics.  I'd argue that if there is going to be a significant change to how Bitcoin operates, it's not up to ANY group of developers to decide that; it should be up to the users and stakeholders and nobody else.  
That means if you (or anyone else, including a dev team) wants to seriously change how Bitcoin works, you go through all the steps.  You propose something on Bitcoin-Dev, you write a draft BIP, you get comments, you provide a chance for all the stakeholders to weigh in, you explain your idea to the public and let them comment, and if a majority of people agree with your idea you either get to do it or if it's a protocol change you code it and put it out for miner vote.  
What people frequently miss is that by doing nothing, or by acting slowly, *Core is **creating** a change* even though it's not being sold as such.  The Core roadmap talks about responsible scaling, but it doesn't explain that under this roadmap, we WILL have a 'fee event' to reuse Garzik's phrase (aka, nothing in the roadmap will keep block size ahead of transaction volume).  
So that's why people want to leave Core- not because they want to replace Wladimir with Gavin as head dictator, but because they don't want a slow scaling plan to cause a change they don't want.  They want to stay in control.  
Make sense?
@_date: 2016-03-05 02:43:36


You misunderstand me.  I never said I want free transport.  To use planes, I'm saying I don't want the FAA saying that only 10 planes can take off from the airport every day, when we know from testing that many more planes can take off.  Yes limiting air traffic to 10 planes per day makes ticket prices go up, but it's a bad way to do that.  I'd rather let the airlines charge what they want.  


It's not frustrating for YOU, because you understand what's going on and apparently have no problem with it.  
I mean no offense at all by this- if Bitcoin is going to succeed, it's going to have to grow way past people like you and me.  It's going to have to grow to the point that people who don't know or care how it works are using it.  
People don't want to learn about technology, and people DEFINITELY don't want to have to learn why technology isn't working.  
So let's consider the value proposition to a non-technical person:
Visa- We're going to install this gadget in your store.  We'll take a couple percent off each transaction, and sometimes unhappy customers will reverse the charges, but convenience goes way up, customers can buy expensive items without carrying wads of cash, and transactions are so fast that you'll more than make up for the fees by processing more customers in less time.  
Sounds pretty good.  
Bitcoin (Satoshi Vision)- We're going to give you free software to load on your phone.  The transactions are instant and irreversible, and the fee is only a couple pennies per transaction no matter how big the transaction is.  Transactions are pretty safe for small to medium amounts instantly, and within 10 minutes any larger amount will be settled and irreversible.  
Sounds pretty good.  
Bitcoin (Core Vision)- We're going to give you free software to load on your phone.  The payment can be changed or canceled after the customer leaves the store, and the money doesn't actually become yours until a 'confirmation', which may take somewhere between 10 minutes and 2 days or it may not happen at all depending on how much of a fee the customer paid and how much network load there is.  You have no control over what transaction fee the customer pays, and the customer may not even have any control over their own transaction fee.  Once confirmed the transaction is irreversible, but before then the customer can change his mind whenever he wants.  
No store owner in their right mind would sign up for that.  They would say 'thanks Visa works just fine'.  


I understand the concept of supply and demand.  I also understand that if the supply-demand balance is rapidly changing, what seems like a good enough fee when I make a transaction might not be good enough by the time a miner is thinking about including my transaction in a block.  Doesn't that make at least a little sense?


Where have I said I want anything for free?  Please point it out so I can correct myself.  Otherwise please do not put words in my mouth.  
I NEVER SAID I WANT FREE STUFF.  I said I don't want coders-turned-economists trying to create artificial scarcity in a system where such scarcity is not required or beneficial.  


And yet, it was HAPPENING well before we were hitting the limit.  Miners weren't processing 0-fee tx's and hadn't been for some time.  A natural fee market was developing without artificial scarcity.  


So if 'nobody wants a static limit', then please show me where the Core developers and their supporters are throwing masses of support behind BIP100, or one of the proposals for automatic block size limit adjustments.  
Now perhaps YOU don't want a static limit, and if so that means you're probably smarter than most.  
As for me- I respect others and I support an increase.  Since no consensus has emerged, I support an increase using a friendly hashpower vote.  I have no desire to attack anyone nor does Gavin or any of the Classic devs.  Now some Core community members interpret the hardfork vote as an attack, which is IMHO misguided.  And some XT/Classic community members view this as a 'war' against 'evil' which IMHO is equally misguided.  
However IMHO an increase cannot occur "quite quickly" because the devs behind Core have not consented to doing so.  Many proposals for a 'quite quick' increase have been put forth, including BIP100, BIP101, BIP109 (Classic), and countless others.  Core devs have not supported any of them.  So I suggest, in the most friendly and non-aggressive way possible, check your own facts :)
@_date: 2016-01-29 10:57:34
I am unconcerned about the price.  If the Chinese sell, I will be happy to buy at a discount.  
I AM concerned about the possibility of a lot of mining going offline quickly.  Remember difficulty only adjusts every 2016 blocks, which SHOULD be every two weeks.  That means there's less disruption from hashpower increases (things work a little faster than usual until an early adjustment) than from hashpower decreases (things work slower than usual until a late adjustment).  
If the big Chinese miners disappeared overnight, the network (as it stands today) would be crippled- with 1MB almost full blocks, we'd have a huge backlog that would persist for some time.  And it would be a lot more than 2 weeks for the difficulty to adjust.  
So one can only hope that IF mining BTC is made illegal in China, the big Chinese mining pools do an orderly shutdown which involves slowly decreasing output over a period of a month or two...
@_date: 2016-01-27 22:20:45


I ask when this better rocket will be ready.  Because if I'm running out of fuel before it is, I'm not so enthused about it...
I will say "GIVE ME A LITTLE MOR FUEL DAMN IT!!!11" and then I'll check out the better rocket once it's fully built and other people are flying in it...
@_date: 2016-01-28 12:53:25
I disagree.  He's found a way to apply his knowledge in a valuable and lucrative manner.  Bitcoin can't claim sole ownership of the concept of blockchains, they have plenty of other uses.  Let the guy make some money finding them.  
And yeah I'm not a big fan of his spam filter, but just because he did some things people disagree with doesn't make him a bad guy or worthy of ignoring...
@_date: 2017-03-07 00:45:06


Visa has existed for 20+ years.  You're saying that if Visa went down for 2 months, they'd still have a lot of business when they came back up?  
When it comes to finance networks, people want systems they can trust.  It's taken 8 years to build that trust; if the trust is broken it will take another 8 years to get it back.  
What will happen is people trying to USE the network (who don't care about this technical holy war, but just want their payments to work) will see two groups.  
One group will say 'our network is broken, but in 2 months it will come up again, and be just as overloaded as it was before it broke, but you should trust us because we're the ones that stood there and did nothing while it got overloaded'.  
The other group will say 'we fixed the network and it's not overloaded anymore, we are open for business, please continue to use the wallets and services you already are using, they will work much better now and we will ensure it's not overloaded again'.  
Which one do you think people would choose?


Citation needed.  Please show me where BU is 'buggy and broken'.  Please show me where BU 'kills Bitcoin's decentralization'.  
@_date: 2017-03-26 02:30:39
First, you need to stop reading propaganda.  Nobody is 'divide and conquering' you.  BU is an attempt to see if a new consensus can be formed with different rules.  It may well fail, if it's not wanted.  If it is wanted then it will succeed.  
If BU succeeds, per the 'safe activation hard fork' procedure that would mean your non-BU chain would have at most 20% of the original hash power.  Since it will take ~2016 blocks to retarget, that will mean the non-BU chain is crippled (40+ minute blocks) for at least two months.  Unless you have VERY dedicated miners, chances are most would switch to the BU chain and the non-BU fork would die relatively quickly.  
Now that all said- **you did one thing which totally validated your whole idea:**  


As long as you understand this, and include an anti-replay-attack mechanism (IE, protocol changes that ensure the MRCFcoin network stays wholly separate from the Bitcoin network or Bitcoin Unlimited after activation), then I encourage you to try this.  An intentional split that *understands it's a split* and acts accordingly is something I consider to be slightly confusing for users, but otherwise harmless.  There has been talk of such a thing by big-blockers as well, back when Bitcoin Classic failed.  
Actually, there are times when I think the two groups (big block &amp; on chain scaling / small block &amp; off chain scaling) should agree on a mutual split and do something very much like the above.  They can swap code back and forth for mutual benefit, but that way the two very different visions for Bitcoin could start to evolve without being hindered by the others.  
Big block fans probably aren't about to do this yet, mainly because there's still hope BU will activate, but I think it's still interesting to consider.  
@_date: 2016-03-15 19:21:37
FWIW Bash- I respect you and I understand your position.  However and with all due respect, I also think it's an excuse for an unexcusable policy.  
You can say 'but they started it!' and point the finger at Gavin/Mike, but in terms of divisiveness their actions were only a spark.  People of course wanted to discuss XT (which was the news of the day), and some people wanted to promote it because they thought it was a better path forward.  
When Theymos enacted his policy, the exact reasoning was "XT is an altcoin and therefore offtopic for discussion in Bitcoin forums".  On BitcoinTalk, threads regarding XT were moved to the altcoin discussion area.  That was the official policy.  


Well of course not.  If a controversial thing hadn't happened then there would be no controversy.  But you can't lay the fracture at Gavin's feet though.  That's like saying "If $Candidate didn't run for office then we wouldn't need these contentious debates!"  It's also not an excuse for preventing discussion of $Candidate or tearing down their lawn signs.  


I've heard BIP101 described may ways, some not pleasant, but this is the first time I've heard it called suicidal.  Can you elaborate on that?  (Honestly curious)...
@_date: 2016-03-07 21:18:57


With respect, I think this is wrong.  If you take that to the extreme, devs shouldn't bother communicating at all, they should just write code and release it and that's it.  
Developers are not just people who write code.  They are the supplier of a product which is used and relied upon by a community.  That makes them, in a sense, like legislators- of the many requests they get, they decide which ones make it into the final product.  They share that power with users through a check and balance system- developers decide what goes into the product, users decide if they will use the product or not.  And in the open source world, someone is always free to fork the codebase and do things better.  
In a healthy software ecosystem, this requires a lot of communication.  Developers need to keep their finger on the pulse of what users want, while users need to follow the development process and provide feedback and suggestions where needed.  
When this doesn't happen, people leave.  A perfect example is OpenOffice- when Oracle bought Sun, OpenOffice was ignored and there was very little communication with the developers (if any) still working on it.  So the codebase was forked and LibreOffice was born with the promise of new features and better communication.  
The result, of course, has been that both projects significantly improved and users benefited.
Now from what I can tell (please provide evidence if you feel I am wrong) a majority of users, miners, and businesses in the Bitcoin space all want a hard fork block size increase to happen soon.  The only reason it hasn't happened yet is miners don't want to fight against Core, and users/businesses have no vote anymore since mining has become centralized.  
In the words of Jeff Garzik:  **"I have never seen this much disconnect between user
wishes and dev outcomes in 20+ years of open source."**
So that means one of two things.  Either the users are not communicating their desires to the devs, or the devs are either not listening or doing a poor job of explaining to the users why they can't have what they want.  Either way it's a bad situation.
Point is- just saying 'devs shouldn't bother responding' is quite incorrect.  If the users of a product want something and you don't want to build it, you should absolutely respond.
@_date: 2016-01-17 15:09:54
So the fact that ~75% of the mining hashpower has already committed to it, even before the first code is released, means it won't happen?  IMHO it has the best chance yet of happening.  
@_date: 2017-03-26 14:57:31
I think you've got me wrong.  I post in both and because both have interesting discussions.  I support BU, that's my opinion because I think BU is a good way to scale.  IMHO, if the last 3 years have proven anything, it's that centralized control of the block size limit is causing more harm than good- both technical harm (backlog etc), political/social harm (split community, although I'd blame that as much on censorship), and overall market harm (people moving to altcoins).  Thus I think letting market forces control the block size limit is the best way to fix this for good.  I also think a hard fork will do more good, more quickly, than SegWit to fix scaling.  
These are my opinions.  I try to express them in a calm and respectful manner, and I try very hard to specifically NOT be a troll.  I also try to always keep an open mind in all things, because if my mind is not open then I cannot learn new things.  I don't claim to know everything.  
So when I ask you to point out what I've got wrong, that request is genuine, because I really am pursuing the truth.  I don't think there's any falsehood in my post- it's just the last few years as I've witnessed it.  If you think I've mis-remembered something or missed something I would genuinely like to know what.  
But there's a saying- "That which is asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence."  You've made an accusation (that I've got my history wrong and that I'm a troll).  I'm respectfully asking you to either back that up with evidence or withdraw your accusation.  
@_date: 2017-03-12 08:41:29


Yes it is.  If you don't think it is, then simply imagine what happens if miners refuse to activate SegWit and block SegWit transactions, but nodes start accepting it- no SegWit transactions would confirm.  
Besides, remember the original Nakamoto Consensus is a consensus among miners.  That's the whole guarantee behind Bitcoin- you make it more profitable to cooperate with the network than to fight it, so unless you are running &gt;50% of the network you can't effectively mess with the rules.  
The side effect of this is that if a majority of the network wants to change the rules, the rules change.  Because then the minority who insist on the old rules are the ones 'fighting the network'.  
@_date: 2016-03-04 17:09:06
In fairness- RBF helps that.  I think we should do some sort of FSS-RBF so RBF can't be used for double spending, but I have no problem with RBF.  
That said- RBF should not be necessary to make a transaction happen.  I'm talking as a normal Joe User who just wants their payment to go through.  If you told someone that their Visa payment might not go through, and if it doesn't they have to go back and swipe their card again and pay a higher fee, do you think anybody would use Visa?  Of course not!
Too many people here think like developers and tech people, rather than as users.  Just because it is possible to work around a problem doesn't mean that the situation is resolved.  
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:14:05
One could make the same argument about Core developers, especially since Gavin was talking about scaling issues back in 2012, and at almost any point up until 2016 they could have done the 'pick a block 6-12 months in the future and say as of that block new block size limit is X' scaling plan Satoshi suggested.  This would have been a low-risk hard fork, everybody would have had time to upgrade, no worry of risk, etc.  
Instead Gavin was repeatedly told that it wasn't an issue needing immediate attention, and since a few Core devs didn't want to change it, it should be set aside for later.  
Knowing what we know now, that probably wasn't the best strategy, would  you agree?  
Although I'm curious what your specific complaints about BU devs are?
@_date: 2016-03-04 11:39:43
I don't think this is normal at all.  I think this is fear.  
We've heard lots of reports lately of stuck transactions, high fees, and other problems moving BTC around.  I know I would try to avoid moving any BTC that I didn't have to in this environment, and I'm pretty sure I'm not alone.  
So if TX volume is coming down, that may not be 'back to normal', that may be that we're scaring away the users.  
Depending on who you talk to, that's either the plan, or a terrible loss that should never have happened...
@_date: 2016-03-06 01:57:38


Why?  What is wrong with this methodology?  When the majority expresses a preference, the software implements that preference.  That's as close to pure democracy as you can get.  Why should we then ask permission from the developers who oppose the change in the first place?  If I vote for Bernie Sanders, do I need permission from Hillary Clinton before Bernie can get nominated?  That makes no sense to me.  


What about his comments was offensive?  That's a real question, I want to know what exactly he said that offended you.  Put it in a separate post and go line by line if you want.  IMHO his comments were pointed, but fact-based.  While I saw lots of things people might disagree with, I saw nothing offensive.  
As for compatible and incompatible, that's fair.  But the question being voted on is which direction Bitcoin will go in.  If Classic wins the vote, Core is welcome and encouraged to copy and paste their 2MB code then continue on doing whatever else they want to do.  Or Core could wait until just after the HF, and change a 1 to a 2 (forget the voting code) and the result is the same.  


Show me this data.  If you are talking about miners, I addressed that earlier- Chinese miners don't want to fight 'authority'.  Furthermore, as I've said, there will never be a consensus as long as some people refuse to acquiesce to the majority (I'd point to LukeJr as an example).  You will not get a strong consensus, ever.  I wish it would happen but it will not.  


So if you agree that Core inaction on something with community support should be okay for non hard fork issues, why is it not okay for hard fork issues even when the hard fork is done responsibly (as I oulined earlier)?  It sounds like saying that any HF *MUST* involve the cooperation of Core.  I have seen no evidence that they will offer this cooperation in a useful manner.  


Let's have some documentation so people can write a competing compatible implementation.  People have been asking for this for a long time, Core has not assigned or recommended anybody to do it.  


Wrong.  Classic advocates understand that there will never be a 100% consensus, there will always be at least one person who disagrees.  If that one person happens to be a miner of any useful size, nothing will change.  
Imagine that US elections required a 95% majority before a new candidate could take office, and if there was no majority, the old politician would stay in power.  Nothing would change, ever.  


Then by your definition, Bitcoin has failed and you should leave.  
Bitcoin offers one very simple guarantee:  That the chain with the most work will win.  There are some rules in place to prevent someone from faking that, but the principle remains the same.  
Now if a majority of miners decided to run code which removed the 1MB limit, or removed the 21 million BTC cap, or which changed the proof of work, they could do so.  Nothing stops them.  You can, if you want, choose to ignore them- right now the client ignores anybody who doesn't respect those rules.  But that does not stop anybody from actually doing it.  Nobody does it mainly because it's unprofitable to do so.  
Now take the 21 million coin limit.  If a majority of miners decided to raise that to 42 million coins, they coudld do so.  It would of course be a hard fork, but they could do it.  And if they got 75% of miners to go with them, that hard fork would be successful for the same reasons I illustrated above (low hashpower would cripple the 'losing' network).  
So if you do not think there is majority effects happening here, you are mistaken.  


As stated, you overestimate certain developers' willingness to compromise.  
@_date: 2016-01-29 01:08:28
Okay so he lost the faith.  Can you blame him?  For 6+ months he's been fighting tooth and nail for what he considers to be an essential fix to Bitcoin, and he's gotten nothing but grief for it.  I suspect if he'd waited 24hrs and saw Classic's announcement and the wide show of miner support, he might have felt differently.
@_date: 2017-03-25 20:07:21
This was already tried.  BIP109 (AKA Bitcoin Classic) was Gavin Andresen's attempt at doing just this- a plain 2MB hard fork with 75% miner activation.  
It started to gain traction, then all Classic nodes were hit with a DDoS attack and progress largely stopped.  
In the ensuing controversy, several Core developers flew to China for a meeting with miners to try to work something out.  The result was this document:  [The Bitcoin Roundtable Consensus](  
TL;DR- it says Core plans to have SegWit ready by April 2016, and will have a 2MB hard fork 3 months later; in exchange miners agree to run only Core-compatible code (IE, not Classic).  
This agreement was controversial for a few reasons.  The only people present were a few Core developers, no Classic devs or proponents were there.  Also the Core developers who attended were not there as official representatives of Core but rather as individual contributors, meaning they had no actual authority to bargain on behalf of Core and expect other Core devs to follow the agreement made.  For example, Adam Back originally signed the document as 'Adam Back, Individual' however the miners expressed displeasure as they thought he was there as a person of authority, so his signature was later changed to 'Adam Back, CEO Blockstream'.  
After this agreement, Bitcoin Classic adoption was basically halted.  
Obviously SegWit took a lot longer than planned, and Core has not given any serious thought to a 2MB hard fork.  
Thus we now have BU.  Miners still want a 2MB hard fork, they just want it from Core.  But miners are slowly realizing that Core is not going to give them a hard fork anytime soon, thus BU adoption increases.  
The advantage (from a miner's POV) of BU is that it makes this problem go away for good- block size becomes totally decentralized and network-controlled, out of the hands of central dev teams.  
@_date: 2016-03-08 04:59:44
Just because you are happy doesn't mean everybody is.  Keep that in mind.  
I do try to keep in mind that just because I'm not happy doesn't mean everybody isn't either...
Point is, there is a large number of people who feel like their concerns aren't being addressed...
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:57:27
I agree we need decentralization.  Please find me some BU people who don't want decentralization and you'll have a point.  
Decentralization has become a meaningless talking point- the accusation is that BU / big block supporters don't care about decentralization, but that's really not true.  
@_date: 2017-03-25 20:02:33
Congratulations, you are part of the problem.  
Whether you like BU or not, even if you think it will destroy Bitcoin, you should respect that the people behind it are trying to make Bitcoin better.  It's not an attack or a get rich quick scheme, it's an attempt to break what they see as a logjam that's holding Bitcoin back.  
If you'd rather just vilify those who approach the problem differently than you do, you are part of the problem, not part of the solution.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:58:14


Glad you asked.  Spending crypto changes the risk profile and friction of an online transaction.  
Let's say I want to buy something from an online seller.  
If I pay with a credit card, I am very well protected from a dishonest seller (if the product is not as advertised or it doesn't show up, I can file a chargeback and Visa will refund my money).  
But if that seller has bad security, if they keep my credit card number in an insecure database which gets stolen, I'm NOT very well protected- I have to watch my card statements to notice the fraud, then I have to file fraud reports, get a new card, update everything that auto bills, etc etc (it's a big pain in the ass, I've done it).  
This means I am reluctant to shop at smaller merchants that I don't trust.  
If I pay with crypto, I have almost zero protection from a dishonest seller.  If the product isn't as advertised or doesn't show up, I can't get my money back unless the seller chooses to refund it.  
However I am VERY VERY well protected against a seller with bad security.  When I pay someone Bitcoin, they can't use that payment to pull more money out of my account like they can with a credit card.  
So while the payment I authorize is in more risk, my overall account and time/money are better protected because even if the seller is a total scam, the most I can lose is however much I originally paid them.  
Because I wouldn't make big purchases from untrusted sellers, this gives me better security with Bitcoin, because *the main 'cost' to me of having my credit card stolen is the TIME I have to spend sorting it all out* and replacing stored credit card numbers in various auto pay systems.  
Now onto friction.  Let's say I want to buy a digital product.  Let's say that product, maybe a music track, costs $0.25.  With a credit card, I have to punch in name/email/address/phone  Not only is this putting me in yet another server to be hacked into, but the time and annoyance it takes to fill that stuff out is probably worth more to me than $0.25.  
With Bitcoin, I just scan the QR code with my phone, type in my wallet password, and hit 'send'.  The merchant doesn't need ANY information from me at all.  They get their money, I get my file, done and done.  I bought an eBook this way a few months back, I really hope it becomes more popular as a payment method.  
@_date: 2017-03-22 01:58:13
Before I reply, I want to put the most important thing up front- there are two sides to this question.  Different people see things differently than you do, that doesn't mean they're necessarily wrong.  Try to have an open mind is all I ask, and I try to do the same.  




Therefore, SegWit IS controversial.  Seriously, you can't say something isn't controversial and then two sentences later point out that one of the most important groups in Bitcoin opposes it.  Surely you must see the disconnect there?  
Also you say all the Core developers support it, I'd point out that Core has excluded those who don't agree with their ideology for the future of Bitcoin.  Even the Bitcoin-dev list has 'moderation'.  That's like saying '100% of DNC members think Hillary should have been President'.  Of course they feel that way, she's their candidate (just as SegWit is Core's candidate).  
But let's get into a much more useful question:


As defined by who?  This is actually a much bigger and more important question, thus I'm giving it it's own section here.  
Right now there are two competing visions for Bitcoin.  
One group feels that Bitcoin should continue to be a network useful for payments, as it was in the past, and this should be a primary goal of Bitcoin.  This goal feels that the value proposition of Bitcoin comes from being able to securely hold and send money to anyone with very little friction.  They're not opposed to sidechains and other extensions, but they are opposed to things which stand in the way of on-chain scaling.  
Another group feels that on-chain payments are unsustainable.  This group feels that sidechains are the only workable scaling plan; they feel increasing main-chain friction (higher transaction fees etc) is a good thing to push traffic onto sidechains and that on-chain scaling is not as important as getting sidechains working.  
These positions are not new.  Dig up some archives from bitcointalk and you'll see the two groups going at it as far back as 2012-2013.  Things were much more civilized back then- we all knew we were fighting for Bitcoin, and we didn't write off those who disagree as malicious attackers.  But the arguments were the same.  
Both of these approaches are valid.  Neither is evil.  


Please show me where anyone from BU has said this.  In fact, they say quite the opposite.  From their articles of federation:  "Bitcoin only maintains its intrinsically valuable properties of being permissionless, uncensorable, trustless, and uninflatable, precisely because the software is not, and should not be, controlled by any single governance entity."  
Speaking for myself- **I don't want to replace anybody.  I have great respect for the Core team**- they are highly talented cryptographers and coders, and they have made huge contributions to Bitcoin and helping the cryptocurrency market become what it is today.  If they were to all quit and stop contributing, that would be a huge loss for all of us.  
However I also think Bitcoin has grown large enough that no one dev team should be 'in charge' of it anymore.  No one group should be able to dictate the rules of the network.  That's the original Nakamoto Consensus- the longest chain wins.  


No, I am not a paid shill.  If you doubt me I encourage you to read my post history.  You'll find I spend way too much time on Reddit and talk about a great many subjects; if you go really really far back you'll find I was a proponent of Bitcoin XT and Bitcoin Classic (and that was long before Roger Ver started a mining pool).  
How about you, are you a paid shill?  Just asking :)
@_date: 2016-01-26 12:31:33


The point is not where they go, the point is that Satoshi's coins are moving at all.  While the coins could be made effectively untraceable with one transaction, it would still be obvious that they'd been moved.  
Now if Satoshi's coins moved, there would be a large effort to discover just who Satoshi is/was by tracking the coins.  That might be effectively impossible, but people would still try.  
More importantly, people would be wondering WHY Satoshi decided to move his coins.  That brings up the possibility that Satoshi either wants to spend his coins or sell them, either one could have major implications for the price of Bitcoin.  This would set off a huge debate that could reduce the price of Bitcoin even if Satoshi has no intent of selling.
My guess is that Satoshi will keep his coins for several more years, until the point where nobody cares anymore what he does with them...
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:00:33


You're thinking of Bitcoin as a monolithic project, where a developer/publisher releases new versions and people either upgrade or ignore them, much the same as MS Windows.  
IE, 'I don't like what they did with Windows 10, so I stick with Windows 7, even though I'm deprived of the benefits of Win10 like the new DirectX'.  
This is an all or nothing choice- I can run Win10 with all its new features but also the things I don't like, or stay in the past with Win7 which won't be updated and won't get any new enhancements and may not be as secure.  Those are my only two choices.
But Bitcoin is not a monolithic project, it's open source, where there are choices.  Anyone can fork the code and keep the parts they like / remove the parts they don't.  
So to use the above example of not liking a new OS, Bitcoin is more like 'I don't like the new Unity interface, so instead of sticking with Ubuntu 11, I can use UbuntuGnome, or XUbuntu, or CentOS, or Fedora, or Linux Mint.'  
These are not old versions which lack in features or security, they are new, fully updated, alternate versions of the software that simply do things differently.  If I run one of the above choices, I'm kept up to date with all the latest enhancements, but without things I'd rather not be using bundled in together.  
I believe a vibrant Bitcoin ecosystem MUST include many options like the above- different implementations by different dev teams that each have a substantial user base.  
It also means more choices as far as which improvements to the protocol and network get made and which ones don't, meaning no one set of devs can force a feature or improvement on a network that doesn't want it.  


Interesting.  As mentioned, this is the first I've seen people worrying about this in a while.  I think UTXO growth is less important than scalability, but Gavin makes a decent case that it should be addressed.  I saw one proposal to measure block sizes not in bytes but in number of outputs, which has some other issues but I think is an interesting approach nonetheless.  I'll be paying more attention to this from now on.  


Source on this?  I know miners now use relay networks, but some of the various proposals for shrinking block transmissions (so you're not re-transmitting transactions the other guy already has in mempool) should mostly clear that up.  


Read that Medium post about BU's excessive block setting, it answers your question.  The excessive block setting basically says 'if a block is larger than X, ignore it unless Y blocks follow it'.  A miner would use this setting (rather than simply turning it off) to prevent an attack of GB-sized blocks, and to ensure the block size limit stays within what miners can easily relay and nodes can process.  Miners don't want to fuck up the network, it's literally their livelihood.  
As for removing block size limit from consensus code- I'm talking network wide.  I think we need some mechanism to control block size (to prevent spam attacks) but I don't think it should be in consensus code, because consensus code requires a hard fork to change.  I think it should be a setting that is either determined by voting or is directly configurable.  BU's approach satisfies that requirement.  
@_date: 2017-03-12 09:05:46


In its current form yes.  This is how such fork proposals work- they're put to a vote, and if they aren't accepted by the network within a year, they're considered to be failed.  There have already been a few such failures, including Bitcoin XT &amp; Bitcoin Classic's BIP101 and BIP109.  Others have succeeded such as BIP65 (checklocktimeverify also sometimes humorously referred to as OP_HODL).  
Now if SegWit dies, that's not the end of Bitcoin and you shouldn't sell your BTC.  Personally I think the fate of SegWit in its current form will be decided long before the last activation period.  But whatever that fate is, Bitcoin will live on.  Perhaps it will be with bigger 'unlimited' blocks, or perhaps we're stuck with 1MB blocks for another 6 months while dev teams come up with something better.  There's also talk of some kind of node voting scheme, but IMHO that's a terrible idea because one can spin up 1000's of nodes fairly cheaply and sybil attack the vote.  But whatever happens, Bitcoin WILL live through this.
@_date: 2017-03-26 07:13:05
If you don't think BU will reach 80% then you have nothing to worry about.  BU miners have said that they would not attempt a hard fork without 75-80+% of the hash power in cooperation.  
I don't think anyone would try a 51% fork.  Besides, with current BU settings, a 51% fork would fail- with EB1/AD6, you'd have to generate a &gt;1MB block plus 6 more blocks on top of it before ANY of those miners accepted the block.  And while 51% might support BU, 51% wouldn't all together try to hard fork without more support.  
As for my crazy little ideas- I think the main question is whether you want to keep the remaining Core miners or not.  Personally I think if you're going to be messing with consensus code, you should change the PoW to try and avoid miner centralization.  Remember, the whole idea behind the Nakamoto Consensus (longest chain wins) is that miners and users would be more or less the same thing, so it's the users voting with their hash power.  Satoshi never intended for mining to become inaccessible to average users, so I think fixing that is a worthy goal.  
Perhaps the answer is a 'friendly PoW switch'- have some activation methodology or flag day after which point either the old PoW or the new PoW are valid, then slowly increase the difficulty on the old PoW over a few years.  This of course is a hard fork, but it provides a migration plan so miners with investments in SHA256 miners can get value out of them rather than simply losing their investment or being pushed to BU.  
@_date: 2017-03-13 04:28:24
parent user asked:


User didn't want to know why SegWit is bad, he wanted to know why people think SegWit is bad.  I therefore provided some commonly-cited reasons why other people don't like SegWit.  Those other people may be geniuses or idiots, I was simply passing along their stated reasons without endorsement or contradiction.  
Just the same, if you asked 'why does Trump say we should build a wall', the answer is 'because he thinks illegal immigrants cause crime and fuck up our economy'.  Whether or not there's any merit to this is not part of the question, the question is what Trump's reasoning is, and that's the answer.
That aside, I'd encourage you to not take such an absolute position on things.  SegWit is a complex change to a very new type of system.  Like any complex thing, people will disagree on its merits and its likelihood of success/failure.  Two people can see the same situation and reach different conclusions, it's just a matter of perspective.  
Take for example technical debt.  SegWit adds new transaction types and ways of handling transactions (adding technical debt), but also starts the process of eventually obsoleting old transaction types that have other problems (potentially reducing technical debt).  Thus whether SegWit adds or removes technical debt is a matter of perspective- one dev might say 'Now I have to support the old stuff AND this new stuff also, this is more work!' while the next dev might say 'This is starting the process to get rid of the cranky old stuff, not a moment too soon!'.  
Therefore I don't think you can say for certain that SegWit adds or removes technical debt, because it's a matter of perspective / both answers are both right and wrong in their own ways.  
Put differently- just because an argument has an effective refute or counterargument doesn't mean that said argument is totally devoid of merit.  This is especially true when dealing with complex issues that are matters of perspective.

Personally, I try to always avoid mixing opinion/analysis and provable fact, or at least to make it clear which is which, because otherwise you get a muddy argument.  And there is an awful lot of mud going around these days... :(
@_date: 2017-03-26 14:58:16
Thanks, I look forward to reading it.  And you will get a reply, which also won't be instant, but you'll get one :)
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:34:06
It was, a very long time ago.  
Back in the early days of Bitcoin, mining would be done on individual users' CPUs.  You'd run the Bitcoin software (which was then called Bitcoin-qt- same thing as Core just different name), check on the 'mine' function, and it'd run a mining routine on your CPU.  Leave that running overnight and maybe if you were lucky by morning you'd find a block.  
However people wrote better mining apps that were more efficient and did more mining in less CPU time.  People started using those.  But that's when the arms race started.  
A handful of then-new graphics chips started to support GPGPU- General Purpose computing on the GPU.  While CPUs are versatile, able to do a great many types of calculations, GPUs are good at doing simple repeated calculations much faster than a CPU.  That's good for graphics work (here's a shader calculation, perform that same calculation on a million pixels per second) and as it turns out, it's *great* for Bitcoin mining.  
Satoshi begged for a moratorium on GPU mining, because he knew that GPUs would rapidly outpace CPUs and the 'anybody can mine' benefit would go away.  He was ignored.  Soon people were building rigs like [this one]( that's just a basic motherboard/cpu with 5 of the best Radeon cards available at the time.  A rig like that would outperform dozens of CPUs, but of course it took a lot of power.  That meant the people who could get GPUs cheap and who got the cheapest power were the most successful miners.  They scaled up- a few rigs like the above and a shelf and you have [something like this]( and it even created a shortage of AMD Radeon cards (which were the most efficient at mining).  With only 6 blocks per hour to go around, people with racks like that were getting all the blocks, while individual users with CPU mining weren't able to compete at all.  
However this happened again- FPGAs (Field Programmable Gate Arrays) came about.  An FPGA is a sort of customizable computer chip, you tell it what hardware circuit you want it to adopt and it configures itself accordingly.  If you program an FPGA with a circuit that can do Bitcoin mining, it will work extremely fast, much faster even than a GPU.  Soon the people with FPGA miners were getting all the blocks and nobody else could compete, especially since FPGAs were expensive and not useful for anything other than mining.  
Finally we got ASICs (Application Specific Integrated Circuit).  An ASIC is a real custom computer chip, built silicon-up to do one specific task.  Because the chip can only do one thing (and that function is literally written in the wiring of the chip), it can work at absurdly high speeds.  ASICs outclassed the FPGAs, so now the only way to actually make money mining was to have an ASIC miner and cheap power.  
ASICs then had a bit of an arms race.  As the chips ASICs were made from went from 'whatever silicon process is cheapest' to 'top of the line 20nm' they became smaller and more efficient and faster, each generation of ASIC outclassing previous generations.  
Somewhere in here, the Chinese figured out there was money to be made.  They were manufacturing the ASIC chips, and in many cases the mining hardware itself, and power is cheap in China.  So over time mining consolidated down to a handful of mostly-Chinese mining pools.  It's simply not profitable for almost anyone else to mine because the rewards don't cover the cost of the miner let alone the power to run it.  
But in any case, a few years ago (around the FPGA days) once it was obvious that CPU mining would never be a thing again and anyone trying to CPU mine was just wasting power, the mining function was removed from the official Bitcoin client.  
@_date: 2017-03-19 12:57:50
I can see lots of places where one might *accuse* personal gain and suffering.  But unlike the revolution, it's not the *only* explanation.  
IE, the British dude either just wanted our stuff or wanted us to suffer, it's hard to explain that in any other way.  
Or take Jihan Wu.  You could accuse him of acting in a way that benefits himself, but you could also explain his actions by saying he believes BU is a better scaling solution for Bitcoin.  
Given the choice between the two, I choose to give him the benefit of the doubt.  Same with all the people at Blockstream (who BU supporters often accuse of manipulating the dev process for their own future gains).  
@_date: 2016-01-27 20:53:17
I don't want to leave, this rocket is the only one that's going to launch anytime soon.  Besides this was supposed to be a decentralized community rocket where each proposal is weighed based on its own strengths, not who proposed it...
@_date: 2014-03-14 12:46:18
It's more of a [self-appointed position](  So have at it!
@_date: 2016-03-15 09:22:31
Quick response on one issue as this seems core (no pun intended), I will reply to the rest of stuff tomorrow hopefully but I want to start a thread specifically on this issue as I think it's at the center of our disagreement.  


This is a viewpoint that makes logical sense.  I disagree with and I think it's both foolish and wrong, but it makes sense.  So thanks for that, at least I think I understand you a bit better.  
Here's a question though- what about the people who will **never** agree to a hard fork or a block size increase?  The people who are convinced that They Are Right and will not go along with a consensus they disagree with no matter how many others agree?  
I'm talking about people like LukeJr.  The dude's brilliant and highly logical, but when he decides that He Is Right then he doesn't pay much of any attention to anybody else.  Humility is not in his vocabulary.  As Gavin once put it, they have to create "two BIPs for every technical issue, one for Luke and one for the rest of us".  
My point is not to hate on Luke, my point is that there are a couple people like him involved with Bitcoin development whose minds will not be changed even if literally everybody who has ever bought a Bitcoin shows up at their door and asks them to reconsider.  
If we accept that there are people who will never ever support a hard fork no matter how many others agree, then *we must also accept that there will never be full consensus for a hard fork, **ever**.*  
**Do you disagree with this?  If so I'd like to hear your reasoning.**  
The block size limit is the first really contentious issue *of major consequence* that we've had to deal with.  It won't be the last.  
If we have people who refuse to compromise, or who are so opinionated that it is essentially impossible to make them compromise, how are we supposed to get consensus on those issues?  
Also, a higher level open question, but who should be involved in deciding consensus?  Whose voice carries more weight?  For example, I'm not a miner and I don't (yet) run a node, I'm just a forum user.  If I disagree with a consensus, should that hold up implementation?  What if Gavin or Wladimir disagrees, do they count more than I do?  How about LukeJr, where does he fit on the list?  What about Wu Jihan (CEO of AntMiner/AntPool)?  If he disagrees should he be able to block consensus?  What if he's the ONLY one that disagrees, because the consensus impacts a business he set up?  He's got a lot of hash power at his disposal, does that give him a stronger voice even if he's the only one to disagree?  
That's an open question, and I want to hear your answer, but I'm also looking to decide, at what point can we say "Okay, ____ is never going to get on board, but __% of us agree that this is a good idea, let's do it without his/her help"?  Or do we NEVER do that?  
Finally, something which is IMHO quite incorrect:


I disagree with this but that's from having watched it unfold.  
When Gavin introduced BIP101 and built it into XT, it started out as a contentious technical discussion, just like a great many others that Bitcoin has had.  Bitcoiners are passionate people and we defend our positions aggressively (sometimes too much so), and that leads to arguments about a lot of stuff.  We argue, but we all have the same goal of promoting and advancing Bitcoin, which kept things relatively civil.  BIP101 was no different.  
What WAS different about BIP101 was that rather than embrace the discussion, Theymos decided that BIP101 was such a big threat *that we couldn't even discuss or promote it*.  That's not arguing with ideas (which is what Bitcoin is about), it's using censorship to suppress the other side's argument.  
As a result, what was a spirited technical argument turned into a religious war.  I have been involved in online communities for a great many years, and I have literally never seen such a coherent group split so hard, so fast.  By banning BIP101/XT discussion, Theymos forced such discussion to happen elsewhere, creating separate communities such as THAT is what split the community.  
I strongly believe that had Theymos not started censoring XT posts, we would have *decided* this issue one way or another already.  Maybe we'd have implemented BIP101 or maybe we wouldn't have, I don't know.  But we'd have all been talking to each other, and there would have been the chance to make that decision together as a community.  
Now that cannot happen.  Because we cannot discuss freely in and bitcointalk, those of us who want to speak freely must go elsewhere.  The community will remain fractured until the censorship ends.  
@_date: 2016-01-16 14:53:58
But what happens when the bus with 40 fat seats has 39 fatties and 20 skinnies who want a ride?  Somebody gets left behind.  
That's something we've not been doing yet.  If we start abandoning valid transactions, that will significantly change the way Bitcoin works and make 0-conf a lot more risky.  I think that's a Bad Thing.  
So I say rather than demanding that the passengers lose weight or they won't get a seat, let's bring in a second bus to make sure everybody gets a ride, but give skinny people a discount.  Because I'm more interested in making sure nobody gets left behind than I am worried about forcing people to lose weight.
@_date: 2016-01-18 06:18:38


In short- if Core does it, Classic will do it.  The goal of Classic is to increase the block size limit, nothing more.  The only difference from Core that Classic will have is the block size limit code.  Everything else is off topic.  
@_date: 2016-01-16 20:21:17
But you miss the point.
0-conf, as it is now, is predicated on the trust that everybody will eventually get a ride.  And that's how the network works- if you include a low fee or no fee, your block may sit around for a while but if it's valid, eventually it will get mined.  As long as a transaction propagates fairly well, it will confirm eventually.  And if I send you BTC with a standard normal transaction fee (which is tiny) you can trust it will confirm fairly quickly and give me the cup of coffee I'm trying to pay for.  
If there is more transactions than there is space, that changes quickly.  What may seem like a perfectly fine transaction fee now might be insufficient by the time the next block rolls around and transaction load is higher.  
Point is, it doesn't matter WHICH transactions we leave behind.  Leaving ANY transactions behind is a radical shift in the way Bitcoin works, and that's not something we should be doing lightly (or at all IMHO).  
@_date: 2016-03-08 06:20:14
I'd agree that lots of people are happy with the status quo.  I'll agree to disagree with them, and if any of them want to hear my reasonings I am happy to engage in a respectful debate.  
However I would point out that "want companies like Coinbase to control bitcoin development" is not a very accurate statement.  Brian Armstrong has not asked for any level of control nor has anyone offered him control; that goes for both him personally and Coinbase as a company.  Even if he wanted control, it wouldn't do him any good unless he was prepared to invest $20MM+power costs on a large mining operation.  That is what's special about Bitcoin- all the hash power makes it very, very expensive for any one person to dominate it.  
For the record- I don't want Coinbase to control Bitcoin development either.  Actually, I don't want ANYbody to *control* Bitcoin development- I want to see a respectful but rich marketplace of ideas where the good ones get support and the bad ones don't.  And when it comes to large contentious issues like this, I want ALL stakeholders to be involved in the decisionmaking process.  That includes miners, that includes companies like Coinbase, and that includes users like me.  
And just as you don't want Coinbase to 'control bitcoin development', I also don't want one set of developers to control bitcoin development.  To make a long story short, I think Core team has handled this particular situation very poorly.  Gavin tried to get some action all the way back to 2013, but was always rebuffed.  That means Core either didn't see it as a priority, or didn't care that blocks would be full, in which case they should have been very vocally communicating how Bitcoin would behave differently and what people should do to prepare.  
Instead we had people with transactions going nowhere because their wallets weren't estimating fees correctly.  That kind of thing would have been easy to fix...
@_date: 2017-03-13 00:10:30


This only makes sense if you assume that one developer or dev team is 'in control' of Bitcoin.  I reject this assumption.  Nobody is obligated to run anything.  Nodes/miners can simply decide not to upgrade, or to strip out the new proposals from the code they run, or run another Bitcoin implementation (there are a handful), or prevent their node from signalling acceptance of the proposal.  
Or if the developers want to be extra-gracious, they could make a 'vote for BIP___' checkbox in their software that toggles whether the user is voting for the specific hard fork proposal or not.  


First time I've seen this argument.  Care to elaborate on it?  


There would not be gigabyte size blocks because we don't have gigabytes worth of transactions right now.  Besides, I see no evidence that big miners want to expel anybody.  And if a miner did make a gigabyte-size block, it'd probably be orphaned because another miner would make a smaller block or two while the rest of the network is choking on the gb-size block.  Besides, the way BU is being run, a miner would have to have &gt;50% of the hash power in order to push through such a thing, because the way BU is being run it will reject blocks larger than 1-2 MB unless that block has 6 more blocks after it.  
@_date: 2016-01-17 22:34:20
Bitcoin Classic is less than a week old.  I'm sorry that it takes more than a week to create, test, debug, and release quality software.  If you want to write Classic off as a result, well, that's dumb.  
As for 'months behind code already on testnet'- Sure SegWit may already be on testnet, but don't discount the difficulty in deploying it.  SegWit is an *entirely new type of transaction*.  That's not a quick bolt-on, that's something which fundamentally changes the workings of Bitcoin.  
Even if SegWit released tomorrow, it would take many more months for the ecosystem to adopt SegWit.  Remember that it's not just nodes that need updating, it's every single hosted wallet system and payment gateway and exchange, most of whom are running their own custom software.  That means that once SegWit releases, their whole dev/test/release cycle *begins*.  
Plus which don't forget that the effect of SegWit is heavily dependent on adoption.  That means that the primary benefit of SegWit won't happen for probably at least a year if not more.  
Now you're talking about fear arguments- Core (and their supporters) are at least as guilty of this.  Why is it okay to argue that a hardfork will disrupt the network, but it's not okay to argue that running out of block space will disrupt the network?  
And for the political argument, the only political argument I see is a disagreement over what the role of Bitcoin is and should be.  Big block supporters feel that the block size limit should be kept well ahead of actual transaction load; it was designed as a last ditch spam filter and should be only used as such.  Small block supporters feel that the block size limit can be used to artificially stimulate the fee market, and most seem to support using sidechains (such as Lightning Network) to handle day-to-day transactions while Bitcoin becomes the settlement layer.  
Bottom line- I believe BOTH Core and Classic have solid engineering solutions, they just serve different visions of the future of Bitcoin.  I believe Classic's vision is closer to what we have now, while Core's vision makes some significant changes that I don't see the benefit in.  
There are no devils here.
@_date: 2017-03-13 04:45:45
Thanks, I think it's vitally important to be able to re-evaluate a position when new information arrives.  
That said, I also think a lot of people are approaching the scaling discussion as a matter of black-and-white absolutes, when there are few real absolutes to be had here.  We are in uncharted territory and have been since Satoshi mined the genesis block back in 2009.  There are very few 'definitely right' and 'definitely wrong' answers here, most of the questions boil down to which particular risks a person worries about more.  
That's why I twice encouraged the parent user to read the medium posts and form his/her own opinion- lots of people on both sides of the issue are happy to present their opinions as fact because they can come up with some facts to support their opinions; the only reason it works is because there's not a lot of real factual proof either way because none of this has ever been done before.  
It's also a question of priorities, and differing opinions on where Bitcoin should go and what it should try to be.  Some would rather keep Bitcoin as a super reliable 'conservative' store of long term value, even at the expense of transaction capacity; they naturally take a conservative approach to making any consensus changes and are willing to let use cases slip away (such as retail payments) until sidechains can fill that demand.  Others want to keep Bitcoin useful as a transactional system and clear the transaction backlog; to them scaling is the most pressing issue and needs to be fixed before other stuff gets tacked on.  There's no saying which is right or wrong, it's just a matter of opinion.  
As for my reply- there's a lot of posts in this thread that I'm slowly getting to... if you're referring to [this post]( is there something specific you wanted to know but didn't read in [my reply](  Let me know what you wanted to know but didn't see and I'll try to answer it...
@_date: 2016-01-16 23:26:10
It means you haven't posted enough dick pics to You must be slacking...
@_date: 2017-03-12 10:33:33
There's a number of criticisms.  This is a brief summary, if you're curious then you should do your own research as there are numerous medium posts by people much smarter than me.  
For everyone who will downvote me- please note **I am just reciting common arguments against SegWit, not actually arguing against SegWit.  Please don't downvote me.**
- Not a good scaling solution.  SegWit only achieves scaling benefits for SegWit transactions, if people keep using standard P2PKH transactions (what most normal transactions are today) there is zero scaling benefit.  The amount of scaling benefit depends on how many transactions are SegWit.  If all transactions are simple payments (not scripts or multisig transactions), the result is about 1.6 MB blocks.  
Also, there's an efficiency question- current SegWit transactions are slightly larger than standard P2PKH transactions (although there are plans to fix this in the future) so even at 1.6 MB you don't get as many transactions per block as a 'raw' hard fork block size increase to 1.6 MB.  
- Adds technical debt.  This means adding things that future Bitcoin development will have to spend dev time supporting forever, even if we decide someday that SegWit was a bad idea.  Specifically, SegWit adds a whole new type of transaction based on P2SH, which is a fair bit more complex than standard transactions.  
- Risky to do as soft fork.  As a soft fork (that is, doesn't require everyone to upgrade at once) you have the situation where any NON-SegWit nodes or miners will see a SegWit transaction as an 'anyone can spend' transaction.  This opens up the potential for problems.  If SegWit is implemented as a hard fork, this risk is removed.  
- Possible future attack risk.  SegWit takes the bulk of the signature data and moves it outside the block itself.  For a complex multisig transaction, that signature data could be fairly large, meaning that a 1MB block might contain an extra 3MB of signatures for 4MB total.  If we do a future hardfork to say, 8MB blocks, that would mean someone could attack the network by creating a ton of large multisig transactions and thus 32MB blocks (because each 1MB of block data could have up to 3MB of signature data).  
- Too much stuff at once.  SegWit tries to be a scaling solution, and a new transaction type, and a fix to transaction malleability, and a basis for Lightning (more on that in a sec), etc etc all at once.  These things should be split into individual changes rather than an 'all or nothing' deal.  
There are also criticisms of SegWit that are not related to SegWit itself.  
For example, one of SegWit's secondary purposes is to lay the groundwork for 'Lightning Network', a proposed future scaling solution that would allow a great many transactions to happen very quickly outside of the blockchain, but using blockchain-based smart contracts as the anchor.  It's controversial just like SegWit- some people think it's a great idea because it could enable hundreds of transactions per second without ballooning the blockchain, other people think it's a bad idea because it arguably centralizes things due to having 'supernodes' which act as transaction hubs (this is a complex subject which deserves a big post of its own).  
Also, a lot of people are unhappy with the Bitcoin-Core developers.  They feel that a large number of people want a simple hard fork to increase the block size, but Core refuses to provide it, instead pushing complex 2nd layer solutions like Lightning and other 'sidechains' (2nd layer solutions that run transactions off the main blockchain).  There's accusations of impropriety because many Core developers are employed by Blockstream, a private company that develops blockchain-related tech and arguably could stand to profit from sidechains.  
The feeling among these people is that Bitcoin-Core is resisting scaling so as to push transactions onto sidechains like Lightning, rather than letting Bitcoin keep working at full power and letting sidechains compete on their own merits.  [This comic]( sums that up nicely.  
Since the bitcoin subreddit split in 2015, there's been a LOT of bad blood and further accusations of censorship...
I hope that helps answer your question!
The one thing you should really take away though is that this is a very complex issue, with a lot of technical and political issues involved.  I suggest avoid the propaganda, both here and in the 'other' subreddit, and do your own research / come to your own opinion.  There are lots of smart and charismatic people on both sides who would love to sway your view, make sure your view is your own.
@_date: 2017-03-25 19:47:55
This was already tried.  BIP109 (AKA Bitcoin Classic) was Gavin Andresen's attempt at doing just this- a 2MB hard fork.  
It started to gain traction, then all Classic nodes were hit with a DDoS attack and progress largely stopped.  
In the ensuing controversy, several Core developers flew to China for a meeting with miners to try to work something out.  The result was this document:  [The Bitcoin Roundtable Consensus](  
TL;DR- it says Core plans to have SegWit ready by April 2016, and will have a 2MB hard fork 3 months later; in exchange miners agree to run only Core-compatible code (IE, not Classic).  
This agreement was controversial for a few reasons.  The only people present were a few Core developers, no Classic devs or proponents were there.  Also the Core developers who attended were not there as official representatives of Core but rather as individual contributors, meaning they had no actual authority to bargain on behalf of Core and expect other Core devs to follow the agreement made.  For example, Adam Back originally signed the document as 'Adam Back, Individual' however the miners expressed displeasure as they thought he was there as a person of authority, so his signature was later changed to 'Adam Back, CEO Blockstream'.  
After this agreement, Bitcoin Classic adoption was basically halted.  
Obviously SegWit took a lot longer than planned, and Core has not given any serious thought to a 2MB hard fork.  
Thus we now have BU.  Miners still want a 2MB hard fork, they just want it from Core.  But miners are slowly realizing that Core is not going to give them a hard fork anytime soon, thus BU adoption increases.  
The advantage (from a miner's POV) of BU is that it makes this problem go away for good- block size becomes totally decentralized and network-controlled, out of the hands of central dev teams.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:59:10
Thanks :)
@_date: 2016-01-18 08:23:01
OP_RETURN transactions exist today.  They have existed for some time.  
They were introduced because people were storing stuff in the Blockchain with fake output addresses; they'd just make whatever they wanted to store into a valid looking address and send some tiny amount of BTC to it.  This grows the UTXO pool, with useless outputs that can never be spent.  
Thus, OP_RETURN was introduced so that people who insisted on shoving random other data into the Blockchain could at least do so in a less harmful manner.  
Now for the record- I don't like using the Blockchain as a general storage system either.  Thus, if a miner wanted to increase the fee they charge to mine OP_RETURN transactions, I would have no problem with that AS LONG AS it wasn't so high a fee that it encouraged people to go back to bullshit output addresses.  
@_date: 2017-03-19 13:10:12
I'm not a fan of PoS, it means the rich will simply get richer and there's little incentive to devote masses of hash power to the network.  That said, my mind is open on the concept.  
That said, I don't think it's fair to bash BU for *not* addressing miner centralization.  BU is addressing scaling right now, that's their goal.  I don't believe miner centralization is more important than scaling, do you?  
If we're going to throw stones, I could also point out how Core &amp; supporters haven't talked much about censorship or DDoS attacks on XT / Classic nodes.  
I'm not going to do this though because I think complaining about what someone else ISN'T doing is generally far less useful than worrying about what they ARE doing.  
Therefore unless you want to argue that mining centralization is more important than scaling (and I'm open to hearing such an argument) I don't think it's too useful to bash BU devs for not addressing miner centralization.  
@_date: 2016-03-05 06:59:21
Honest disclosure- I downvoted this post.  I found it organically in my 'rising' feed, no brigading here.  
Coinbase is far from perfect, their AML/KYC is of course no fun.  No argument there.  
However I downvoted your post because you are obviously reacting to Brian Armstrong's Medium post.  You are trying to say that Brian Armstrong wants all Bitcoin use to be like dealing with Coinbase.  I have not seen this view expressed anywhere.  Thus I conclude that you are attacking Coinbase for the reasons you can find, in retaliation for the content of Armstrong's post.  
I agree with Brian that no one person or group should be able to impose their will on Bitcoin, and that includes both Coinbase and Core team.  Saying he disagrees with Core's vision and wants Bitcoin to move in another direction is not the same as saying all Bitcoin should be through or like Coinbase.  
Thus I see your post as an attempt to punish Coinbase for Brian Armstrong's remarks.  If I've misunderstood your post please correct me.
@_date: 2016-03-06 08:11:28


By your own admission, you have posted this same rant (or very similar versions of it) several times.  
It was dumb the first time you posted it, it was dumb last time I downvoted it, and it's dumb this time so I'm downvoting it again (no offense).
As stated previously I'm downvoting not because I disagree (I do) but because this adds nothing to the discussion.  You are complaining about Coinbase's AML policies (which is valid), but then you accuse Brian Armstrong of being "on a self-assigned mission to take over Bitcoin".  That has never been even implied.  Brian has expressed no interest in Bitcoin leadership, he expressed that having power concentrated in Core is a bad idea.  The two are not the same.  
Now I get that you don't like the guy and that's fine.  You're welcome to rant about how he's a terrible person and I'm welcome to downvote your nonsense (which I will).  But please don't keep posting the same thing over and over.  It just becomes spam.  
@_date: 2017-03-25 05:45:50
How does BU confuse consumers?  I don't get that.  
BIP100 is just a voting scheme as I recall, it's basically just a 'please do X' and then a hope that Core devs will comply.  
I agree a mature discussion is desperately required.  I'm not sure one is possible at this moment.  
Core has shown precisely zero interest in any sort of hard fork.  Their position is that SegWit is the scaling answer, and they push FUD about anything else (sorry but it's true).  
Then you have censorship / opinion management policies in place in many of the primary Bitcoin communication channels, which a. makes it very hard to have an honest discussion and b. keeps the community fragmented.  
I think if Core / small blockers and BU / big blockers were to have any compromise, the first step would have to be a joint agreement to remove any and all censorship from avenues of discussion.  We need to heal the community before we can heal the software.  
The second thing would be for the two sides to talk about a compromise.  For example, a hard fork that both deploys SegWit as a hard fork, and raises the block size limit.  I would support this as I think many BU supporters would.  
The problem is this fight is only partially about scaling, it's also about control.  Core and most supporters feel their process should be the official way any changes to the protocol are made.  BU and its supporters feel that a broader, network-based consensus process ('Nakamoto Consensus') is the way to go.  
I'm not sure I see a real answer to that question, honestly.  
Thus BU says 'let's just put it to a network vote and see what the network says'.  Core is now talking about UASF and other such dangerous ideas.  
It could be that the only solution is for both sides to agree to fork Bitcoin and each follow their own vision.  If this was agreed to by both sides, it might be a better option.  There would of course be much disagreement on which side keeps the Bitcoin name...
@_date: 2017-03-25 03:36:47
This has been tested and there was an excellent report by Jonathan Toomim (as I recall) a year or two ago.  The result was that even the crappiest full node (old NAS box with a crappy connection) could handle 3-4mb blocks no problem.  
This test was a year or two ago (tech has improved since then) testing standard block propagation with full block transfers, and did not include any of the newer 'thin blocks' type efficiency improvements.  
Also you can buy a terabyte HDD on Amazon for like $70.  By the time we reach a terabyte people will be throwing them away because they're uselessly small.  
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:44:45
And those miner soft caps could be changed as needed.  The 1MB limit cannot be changed as needed, as evidenced by the current mess.  
@_date: 2017-03-12 12:40:44
FYI I'm making no claims in the above post.  Parent user wanted to know what the arguments against SegWit are, I summarized several more common ones.  You'll perhaps note the second line of my post:  


The points I mentioned are common points I see brought up in 'the other Bitcoin subreddit'.  That's what parent user asked for- what are the common arguments against SegWit.  That's what I delivered.  
Now for the record, I like BU, because I think we should get block size limit (a network tuning parameter) out of consensus code (financial guarantees) sooner than later.  Pretty much everyone (including Adam Back, but with the possible exception of LukeJr) agrees we need bigger blocks, the only disagreement is how much bigger and when and how.  If we get block size limit out of consensus, then we can have this discussion in a far more academic manner, without worrying about maybe breaking Bitcoin the next time it has to be increased.  
For the record, I also like the idea of Lightning.  As I said in another post, I think Lightning can and should stand on its own merits, without crippling the main chain to force users onto sidechains.  
I think SegWit has some good ideas in it, but using SegWit as a soft fork scaling solution is not one of them.  SegWit should be deployed as a hard fork, where the witness data is counted as part of the block size, along with removing block size limit from consensus code so that's no longer a problem.  Then we don't need segwit-in-P2SH, we don't need to use any space in the coinbase text for witness references, and we don't have to worry about anyone-can-spend transactions ever.  
This is nice-to-have stuff, which can come after we address the immediate scaling issue.  
@_date: 2017-03-12 21:37:19


Apparently neither you nor anyone else bothered to read that.  As I said, these arguments are not mine, they are just arguments I've read.  
Perhaps people who upvote and don't reply agreed with my summary but didn't bother to post saying 'I Agree!'.  Just because the comments don't match the votes doesn't mean there's vote manipulation.  It's human nature- agree with something and upvote and move on, disagree with something, stay around and tell the person what they're wrong about.  Downvoting and moving on is far less common.  
If you want my position, which is different than what I posted above (see disclaimer if that still doesn't make sense)---  I don't mind SegWit but I think it should be done as a hard fork, and I don't think it should be pitched as a 'scaling solution'.  I think it should be pitched as necessary protocol upgrades that will help enable sidechains and smart contracts.  I think the witness data should be counted as part of the block size.  And I think the block size limit should be removed from consensus code so we never have to deal with this sort of argument ever again.  


Everyone knows this.  Nobody wants 10MB blocks right now.  Nobody is calling for 10MB blocks right now.  
@_date: 2017-03-12 21:42:10
Quite true.  Right now SegWit support is at around 20%, so if the rest of the miners decided to actively block SegWit, they could easily do so.  And if they announced that they would, the pro-SegWit miners are unlikely to force the issue as it would likely mean orphan blocks.  
If &gt;50% of the hashpower supports SegWit, the remaining miners could recognize those blocks but still refuse to process SegWit transactions.  That would delay any SegWit transactions because they'd have to wait for a pro-SegWit miner to confirm them.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:59:59
Where exactly is the layover then?  
@_date: 2017-03-13 19:20:57
Take a moment and try to understand what I'm saying here rather than just writing me off.  
I'm talking about the first activation of SegWit, if at some point in the future, Core goes to a UASF type strategy or tries to force SegWit on the market, but a majority of miners don't want it.  If a majority of miners agree to 1. not confirm any SegWit transactions, and 2. intentionally orphan any blocks that include SegWit transactions, then SegWit *cannot* activate.  
Now granted this would involve writing code which (AFAIK) doesn't yet exist- a software for miners that intentionally finds and excludes SegWit transactions (including SegWit transactions that look like current valid P2SH or anyone-can-spend transactions).  
Remember miners are free to choose which transactions they pack into their blocks, and also which block they want to mine on top of.  
@_date: 2016-01-15 11:37:35
There is no guarantee of anything
The only guarantee is that of the hashing majority.  The hashing majority can accept or reject any change.  Without the acceptance of the hashing majority, nobody can force any change on the Bitcoin network.
That's the only guarantee you have, or will have.  It works because generally, it's more profitable to support the network than try to harm it (which is by design).  
@_date: 2017-03-19 11:48:27
Yes that's true, but it doesn't necessarily mean bad faith.  
Let's say you're a BU fan, and you get hired at Blockstream.  You are introduced to many highly passionate and very smart people who are all explaining in 50 different ways why SegWit is the best thing since sliced bread.  Your team whiteboards and internal discussion tools are full of illustrations of the benefits of SegWit.  
In such an environment, it's human nature that one might be persuaded to support SegWit, if only because of the echo chamber effect.  That can happen without any bad faith or malfeasance.  
The same is true with and Someone who hears nothing but how evil the other proposal is will naturally eventually believe it.  It's straight out of 1984- keep repeating something enough and it becomes the truth- Core was always at war with Unlimited, Eurasia was always at war with Eastasia.  
That's why I'm so hesitant to accuse anybody of bad faith- because I recognize that there are valid reasons to support both sides.  We might disagree on which of those reasons are correct and which are not, but the reasons themselves are all valid.  
The sad part is we all want to make Bitcoin succeed, but we're tearing its community apart trying to make that happen in our own preferred way. :(
@_date: 2017-03-19 06:58:13
If there is a fork, your Trezor coins will exist on both chains.  So whatever your balance is, you'll have that many CoreCoins and that many UnlimitedCoins.  
I would strongly recommend against moving your coins in the immediate aftermath of a fork.  That's asking for trouble.  
Now assuming that a fork happens, and assuming that the minority chain retains a useful amount of hash power (10+% of original) and exchanges support it as a separate currency, you could theoretically sell your coins on one chain and buy more coins on the other chain.  I will warn you though, this is risky.  
The most important thing to make this work is the ability to have a transaction confirm on one chain but not the other.  Coinbase's Brian Armstrong is working on solutions to this, with the support of the BU devs (look for some posts about replay attacks).  
However absent any solutions there, the simplest way to specify a chain will likely be with transaction fees.  Assuming the Safe Hard Fork document is followed by BU, BU will have at least 75% of the hash power, while Core will have at most 25% of the hash power.  That means the minority Core chain will only produce 1 MB block every 40 minutes, meaning the transaction fees on the Core chain will be very high (and will stay that way for months until the next retarget, which might be as much as 2-3 months away depending on how much hashpower the Core chain keeps).  
You can use that to your advantage to separate your coins on one chain from the other.  
Start a new wallet.  Now create a transaction from your Trezor that moves the Trezor coins from its wallet to your new wallet.  Pay the current average transaction fee (which on the BU chain will be low, and your transaction will confirm quickly, but will not confirm on the Core chain because that chain will have a huge backlog and very high fees).  
At this point your Corecoins are still in the Trezor wallet, but your Unlimitedcoins are in the new wallet.  
The next step is to find an exchange that will support both chains.  Use your new wallet to move the Unlimitedcoins there.  Trade them for Corecoins.  Finally, send the Corecoins from the exchange back to your Trezor wallet.  
The result will be that your Trezor will have a larger balance on the Core chain, but zero balance on the Unlimited chain.  
**WARNING!! There is a significant risk by doing this.**  
If BU activates, that means the Core chain has a minority of hash power (25% tops).  It's very possible that even more of those miners will later switch from Core to BU.  If that happens before the next Core chain retarget (which at 25% hash power will be in 2 months) it's possible the Core chain may dead end and not make it to the next retarget.  
If this happens, and if you've done what I said above before it happens, you'll be left with no coins at all.  Corecoins can't be spent if Core's chain has no hash power behind it (or not enough to make it through 2016 blocks at the original difficulty).  
**You are much safer to simply do nothing for at least 1-2 months.**  
If you do nothing, you will have a balance on both chains.  IF the Core chain survives to the next retarget (2016 blocks or so), then you should consider it viable.  Until then, it's extremely risky to 'put all your eggs in one basket', especially when that basket will be crippled for at least 2 months or so.  
If you do nothing, then you will have your original balance no matter which side of the fork 'wins'.  
@_date: 2017-02-18 04:19:33
Actually I mostly agree with this.  The blockchain model where every transaction is recorded forever is not suited to mainstream acceptance combined with daily use.  Unless you run nodes in datacenters (which I'd like to avoid for the moment) it's not good to have everyone store every transaction forever.  
So I personally like the *concept* of 2nd layer systems like LN or payment channels and I support their development.  From what I've seen, maintaining decentralization will be a bigger problem with them than it is now (as a 3rd party must put up the cash to host a channel or something like that) but like everything to do with 2nd layer solutions, that's a tomorrow problem.  
What I oppose is limiting the blockchain today in order to force people onto 2nd layer solutions that don't exist yet.  I want standard Bitcoin on-chain transactions to be available to everybody now and in the future; I want people to use payment channels or LN because they offer a better experience (instant confirmation among other things), not because they're forced off the main chain.  
@_date: 2017-03-06 23:40:28
True.  But ~12 minute blocks for ~17 days is still at least not totally crippled...
@_date: 2016-01-26 16:38:26
Because right now Bitcoin is still in its infancy.  It's become something very cool, but it's not something essential to worldwide commerce.  If Bitcoin disappeared tomorrow, a bunch of people would be pissed off but life would go on more or less unchanged.  Just the same, if Satoshi moved his coins, it would raise questions about the future of Bitcoin itself.  
But in 10ish more years, Bitcoin might be much better established.  If the possibility of a million more coins hitting the market is simply a question of economic effects and not a question about the future of the currency, the impact on Bitcoin's future would be a lot lower.  
Also, Satoshi would likely get a lot more money for his coins in another 10 years than he would today...
@_date: 2016-03-04 17:06:08


No, it doesn't.  It demonstrates that when you make Bitcoin unreliable, you push users away.  
If you have 1 bus every hour with 20 seats, and every hour 25 people who need a ride show up, there's no scheme for pricing the tickets that gets everybody to their destination.  When you make the passengers bid against each other, you just persuade some of them that taking the bus is a frustrating experience and they leave.  That's not progress.  
Besides, if transaction load is going way up, then even a correctly estimated 'normal' fee might be insufficient to even get included by the time my block rolls around an hour later.
Bottom line- I do not want to bid for block space.  I want miners to set the fees they are willing to accept, and I want anybody who pays that fee to get their transaction confirmed in 10 mins or less.  I want there to be enough capacity for big new players like Amazon without making fees go sky high.  
A static, unchanging block size limit does not allow for any of these things. 
@_date: 2016-03-15 04:04:26


What I mean by that is resistant to anything other than Core.  BIP101 was originally starting around 32MB, negotiations with miners brought that down to 8MB.  Miners previously strongly supported 8MB.  Then XT was released and miners said no.  
So using JToomim's numbers Gavin went back to miners and said let's do 2MB now and deal with the rest later.  Miners said that sounds good.  Gavin builds Classic, and still miners aren't switching.  
Now in fairness this isn't just the miners, a lot of Core supporters spread a lot of FUD about XT/Classic/BIP101, etc.  But the fact still remains that the miners were basically saying "here's what we want but we only want it from Core", even though Core had no intention of providing it.  


First, you're ignoring the fact that running always-full blocks indefinitely is a new thing we haven't done before, and a lot of people aren't prepared for (as evidenced by the numerous low-fee transactions that people were unintentionally sending during the last squeeze).  Predicting the appropriate fee levels is something vitally important in a full-block world, and not much attention has been paid to this.  
More importantly though, if we raise price then demand drops.  Why do we want demand to drop?  If we can increase capacity, why don't we do that and encourage more demand?  If Bitcoin only works for a few million early adopters and can't go mainstream, then it's of little interest to me (and most others).  We need to welcome everybody with open arms.  


Did you read Brian Armstrong's thoughts on the round table?  One thing he said was the miners specifically didn't want to be in that position, where one person could be blackmailed or threatened.  I'll dig it up for you if you want.  (that was a new development after we last posted here).  


Have fun with your 40+ minute blocks.  I will be with the rest of the world where transactions confirm quickly and efficiently.  
Could I perhaps interest you in some Core-chain-only bitcoins?  
@_date: 2017-03-08 03:53:08
On Core- I don't care about the software itself, I focus on Core because they are currently the gatekeepers of Bitcoin protocol development.  If something is widely supported, but not favored by Core, those of us who try to do it anyway are branded by people like you as hostile attackers.  
Actually let me expand on that a bit.  Miners have been asking (verbally) for a hard fork for a long time (they just aren't willing to abandon Core just yet), as you say the vote got to 65%.  Payment processors (BitPay / Coinbase / etc) have asked for hard forks.  Users were starting to ask for the hard fork until the 'moderation policy' and DDoS attacks on nodes shut that down.  
Doesn't this sound similar to the situation you mentioned, where everybody agrees except Core?  


By your definition that would be a hostile attack, no?  
What if most users switch from Bitcoin-Core to BTCD.  Who gets 'veto authority' over hardforks then?  The BTCD devs?  The Core devs?  
Personally I view developers as, in a way, servants or stewards.  They provide and maintain something so that others may benefit from it.  I'm in IT, that's what I do- I am the steward of the servers, I keep things running so the other people at my company can make money.  
As Garzik said a few years back, "I have never see this much disconnect between user wishes and dev outcomes in 20+ years of open source".  If the Core developers are ignoring the wishes of their users, why do we need to follow their protocol decisions?  


But it did happen.  That's why Gavin was unsuccessful in raising the block size back in 2012.  


I'm all for 'basic safety features'.  If we were having this conversation back in 2012 I'd say your plan sounds fucking great let's get started, with any luck we should be done by 2013-2014, before we hit 1MB blocks.  That's what Gavin said back in 2012 and one or two Core devs told him no.  What you seem to not get is there are a couple of Core devs who do not think we need a block size increase *ever*.  Luke-Jr even said we should reduce the block size on a few occasions.  I think he's the only one in Bitcoin space who feels that way, but he's a developer, so his thoughts carry a LOT more weight than mine or yours.  
Now, we have a crisis that we created.  I don't want to make things worse, but I also don't want to spend another year fixing them, especially if it raises the possibility of more stonewalling by hard line small block Core devs.  That's a big part of why I like binding votes, because they can't be stonewalled.  


You believe that's what it is, and that's fine.  I'm talking about why it was put in place by Satoshi.  Please find where Satoshi promited a 'fee market' or where he said full blocks or lower transaction volume are good things.  Everything he said is on the record, please go find it and I'll admit I'm wrong.  
I've not seen any such thing from Satoshi, and he talked about running nodes in datacenters, so I conclude he intended for transactions to be fairly cheap and not artificially constrained.  


Why are you ignoring that a flag day fork is different than a vote-activation fork?  
I'll make an analogy.  For the record, I live in the USA.  So I'd tell you, "Let's meet in Brussels on December 3rd so we can talk about this more".  That's reasonable, because we both have to plan a trip to Brussels.  If we are both already in Brussels, we don't have to wait until December 3rd, we can do it far more quickly because most of the travel is already done, we just have to get to the cafe.
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:27:12


Well the REAL test is which chain wins in the long run.  If 75+% of miners adopt BU, then the Core chain will likely die a quick death.  If BU sees the same pattern Classic and XT did, it'll get some more hash power but eventually fizzle out.  I don't think any BU miners would activate before 75%...
May the best chain win :)
@_date: 2016-03-04 17:43:05
Yes, I am.  Not yet, mind you- for now I expect it to be able to handle more than a couple million early adopters and stay cheap.  
Put differently- I am expecting a system that uses leading edge software concepts and is under active development by some of the smartest people in the field to be able to keep pace with adoption.  If it can't keep pace with adoption, if adding new users destabilizes the network in a way that cannot be fixed, then we should admit that this won't work out and go home.  
I don't believe that's true though.  I think thin/weak blocks combined with a block size limit increase would both add capacity and reduce bandwidth usage without raising fees or harming centralization.  
However I think some of the developers involved are so hyperfocused on development that they neglect the actual users.  That causes them to hyperfocus on avoiding technical failure at the expense of ignoring practical failure.  
Bitcoin's promise is cheap, relatively instant, irreversible payments.  Satoshi never said anything about bidding for block space, and if he had then a lot of us wouldn't be here.  Nobody wants to bid for the ability to make a transaction go through, that's not how people use financial networks and it's not how people want to START using financial networks.  
Now if we want to raise the fees that's fine.  I have no problem with that.  I just have a problem with using a block space crunch to do it.
@_date: 2016-01-19 08:52:25
Tomayto Tomahto.  
I consider your spam filter to be a blacklist because it's a list of addresses that are denied the ability to participate in the Bitcoin network via a particular node.  
If I compare Bitcoin-LJR's spam filter to, say, a SMTP gateway's address blacklist, the functionality is the same (certain addresses are denied the ability to relay).  Thus, blacklist.  
We'll also have to agree to disagree on the definition of spam- I know you're no fan of Dice, and sure Dice could be changed to greatly reduce network load.  But IMHO standard-valid transactions by real users that pay transaction fees both ways aren't spam...
Credit where due though- I've seen screenshots of the UI and I like how the spam filter is now broken out into its own tab so it's very obvious to the user what is happening.  If a user wants address filtering functionality, LJR is a great choice.  
@_date: 2016-01-19 00:02:02
Yeah tons of people got it
It appears to be an effort to spread FUD just after Mike Hearn left...
@_date: 2016-01-18 15:35:04


If a majority of the miners support this change, it will happen whether you want it to or not.  


If a majority of the miners support this change, it will happen whether you want it to or not.  
Bitcoin offers ONLY one guarantee: that the longest chain which has the most work in it will win.  That's it.  Nothing else.  Consensus rules like the 21 million BTC limit, or the difficulty adjustment system, or the block size limit, are enforced by a majority of hash power.  The only thing 'enforcing' these rules is the fact that the majority of the network dedicates hash power to enforcing them.  
Any and all of them can be changed with a majority of hash power.  If a majority of the miners decide Bitcoin should operate differently, it will operate differently.  If a majority of miners decide Bitcoin should die, it will die.  
There is nothing you or I or anybody else can do about this.  This is the principle on which the network operates.  The only alternative is to have some centralized source of trust, which is the opposite of decentralization.
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:43:31


No, I see Bitcoin as a whole lot of things, that is just one application.  
However I believe that the uses of Bitcoin are interrelated.  For example, Bitcoin becomes more useful as a remittance system (sending people overseas money) if those people can then spend that bitcoin directly at a merchant.  
Because while Bitcoin does a lot of things very well, at its core it is a form of digital cash.  Digital cash that's hard to spend is a lot less useful than digital cash that's easy to spend.  
@_date: 2017-03-19 02:44:11
Basic overview:
We've known about this problem going back to 2012ish and earlier.  However we've been at an impasse since then.  
Satoshi (before he left) suggested simply increasing the block size at some future date.  IE, pick some block that's months or a year away and say 'as of block X, the new block size limit is Y'.  We didn't do this.  
In 2012ish, Gavin Andresen (Satoshi's successor) started advocating for a block size limit increase much like Satoshi suggested.  However at this point he was no longer lead maintainer (he'd stepped down to work on higher level things) so he couldn't force the issue.  
There are a small number of Core developers who think the block size limit should never be raised for any reason, or that it should not be raised for a Long Time (years), or even that it should be lowered.  These people felt/feel that serious on-chain scaling won't work long term and that off chain scaling (sidechains) is the only solution.  Because of these few, the person who was then lead maintainer (Wladimir) said there was not consensus on the change, therefore consensus rules could not be changed.  Gavin's attempts to raise the block size limit were ignored.  
This went on for some time, while the transaction count was still well below the 1MB limit.  
Eventually Gavin concluded that the Core development group would not fix the problem in time.  So he wrote BIP101 (miner vote activation to increase the block size limit to 8MB with future increases pre-planned) and it was integrated into Bitcoin XT.  That started to get traction, but then a bunch of DDoS attacks stopped its progress and it ended up failing.  Mike Hearn, who'd been a co-developer of Bitcoin XT, ragequit Bitcoin, said the whole dev process was fucked and wasn't going to be fixed anytime soon.  
It was around this time that the censorship started.  In and bitcointalk, a policy was rolled out which said any client that will hard fork Bitcoin is not actually Bitcoin, therefore its discussion must be confined to altcoin areas and kept out of Bitcoin discussions.  This of course went over somewhat poorly, and led to the creation of On a personal note- I found the resulting 'hard split' of the community really sad.  Bitcoiners used to be passionate and optimistic; I've never seen such a wonderful community split so hard, so fast.  
Next came Bitcoin Classic- Gavin's attempt to address miner concerns that BIP101 was too much increase too fast.  Classic implemented BIP109- a one time increase to 2MB, again after a miner vote.  Again it started to get some traction but there was DDoS attacks.  This time there was the 'Hong Kong Round Table' meeting between a few Core devs and miners, which produced [this document](  
It was met with controversy as no 'big block' proponents were invited to attend, and nobody from other Bitcoin companies (like Coinbase or BitPay) was in attendance either.  Also, the Core representatives were there not as representatives of Core, but rather as individual developers, which many miners didn't realize.  Core developer Greg Maxwell later referred to them as [well meaning dipshits](  
However, the HK agreement effectively stopped Bitcoin Classic.  BIP109 failed just as BIP101 did.  
Anyway fast forward to now.  
SegWit took a LOT longer than expected but it's now available and is included in the latest Core releases.  SegWit requires a 95% miner vote to activate for security, but so far has only gotten about 20%.  
The complaints about SegWit are that it's not a real block size increase (it just shifts some of the data outside the block), requires most transactions to be SegWit transactions to get that increase, and creates new transaction formats which must be supported forever (future technical debt).  The arguments in favor of SegWit are that it's a soft fork (so while it has dangers, a chain fork isn't one of them), that it fixes the transaction malleability bug, and that it lays the groundwork for future off-chain scaling.  
There's also Bitcoin Unlimited.  BU does not have a formal miner vote mechanism, but miners are so far following ViaBTC's [safe hard fork scaling plan](  BU would create a hard fork and remove the pre-set block size limit entirely, allowing miners to set their own block size limits.  This allows an 'emergent consensus' whereby miners can signal their maximum accepted block size to each other.  
The complaints about BU are that it's a hostile hard fork which some consider to be an attack, that it puts too much control in the hands of miners, that the hard fork plan isn't well developed, and that the 'emergent consensus' plan is a bad one.  The arguments in favor of BU are that it fixes the block size controversy forever, that it provides protections to stop big block spam attacks without the inflexibility of a hard pre-set limit, and that it provides an immediate scaling fix which SegWit does not.  
Also, depending on which subreddit you post on (or the developers of [Core / BU] are all crooks who are exploiting Bitcoin for their own nefarious purposes, [Core / BU] have no idea how to do scaling and will more likely break the network, [Core / BU] developers are incompetent and have no idea how to plan capacity increases, [Core / BU] supporters are guilty of various types of attacks, etc.  Basically if you're in you probably hate BU and everything associated with it; if you/re in you support BU and hate Core.  It's pretty sad.  
Hope that helped!
@_date: 2016-01-22 10:00:27
well it makes sense.  Some people are so desperate to avoid a hard fork (or a majority of anything going against Core) that they will do almost anything to stop it (Theymos for example).  
One thing Classic has had so far is great buzz- the general attitude that they've built a consensus.  If that narrative stands for any time it will be viewed as presumptive, whereas anybody who opposes Classic will want it to seem uncertain for as long as possible.  
After all that's what happened with XT- XT started rapidly accumulating a following until DDoS attacks knocked much of that following offline and Theymos took the spotlight...
@_date: 2016-01-16 13:34:54
FWIW- I love SegWit, I think it's a great idea, and I want to see it implemented.  I just don't think it's a solution to the block size issue, not one that will arrive in time at least.  


And that's wonderful!  My problem comes when the only reason people need cheaper transactions is because the blocks are full and the only way to make a transaction confirm is to pay a huge fee.  Sure SegWit gives them the 'choice' to pay less, but if the blocks are full it's not really much of a choice.  It's like "If you do things this way, you only get fucked over half as bad".  I'd rather not fuck people over at all.


And on that my friend we disagree.  Care to place the friendly wager?  :)


Then you have just invalidated your ENTIRE ARGUMENT.  If you yourself admit that SegWit will have very slow uptake, that also means it will have a very slow effect on the block size issue.  So if you don't think SegWit will be implemented quickly, you shouldn't put it forward as a '2MB block size increase equivalent to Classic'.  Because if it's not implemented quickly, then you are admitting that Classic will have a larger, faster effect on the block size than SegWit.  Or have I misunderstood?
@_date: 2016-01-18 06:51:28
Very nicely put
@_date: 2016-03-04 19:04:55
Oh I get that.  I am 100% in favor of security and censorship resistance.  I fail to see how an artificial scaling limit serves the goals of security, censorship-resistance, or adoption (and I don't understand how Core supporters don't get that).  
As for costs though- the costs of nodes are borne by volunteers who find the network useful and want to keep it operating.  There are thousands of people who run *nodes* on Pis or cloud instances or spare PCs or whatever to keep the Blockchain secure.  None of these people get any compensation whatsoever.
Then there is the cost of mining.  Miners get block rewards (for a while) and then they get fees.  As stated, I have no problem paying miners a fee.  I have no problem with raising the fee.  I have no problem with each transaction costing 3-5 cents USD.  I believe miners deserve to be compensated.  
However I think the question of how much miners should be compensated should be left up to the miners and the free market to decide.  I think centralized economic control (such as an artificial block size limit left in place to encourage fees) is antithetical to the principles of a free market, and thus antithetical to the ideals on which Bitcoin is supposed to operate.  
I think the block size limit should go back to what it was designed to be- a last ditch anti-spam measure.  That means it should either be kept much higher than average transaction load, or it should be dynamically adjustable based on volume (much the same way difficulty adjusts based on hash power).  
Keeping the block size limit artificially low just limits the growth of Bitcoin, helping nobody in the process.
@_date: 2016-01-16 11:44:46


Because that 2MB only happens when every transaction is a SegWit transaction.  That will take months if not years for every last wallet, payment system, etc to support SegWit.  Supporting SegWit is a non trivial task as it's a whole new type of transaction.  
In contrast, the Classic increase is a simple block size increase.  Only one byte of code needs to be changed- replace a '1' with a '2' and you're done.  That sort of change can be rolled out across the Bitcoin ecosystem a LOT faster (weeks) than SegWit.  
@_date: 2016-01-17 14:32:47
ill take that.  check my post history if you want an exampke of my writing.
tell me how long you want it and give me a bit of time to write it and its yours
@_date: 2016-01-17 13:51:13
This is actually a common misconception.  
Let's say Classic's vote works, and 75% of the miners are mining blocks with a 2MB limit.  That means the old Core chain will have 25% of the original hash power- 1x 1MB block per 40mins, aka a transaction capacity of 250KB per 10mins.  It will quickly get backlogged, and miners will switch to the new chain.  Any stale fork will die a quick death.  
In likelihood, the Core developers will realize that continuing to push for 1MB after the miners have voted is harming more than helping, so Bitcoin-Core will release a 2MB patch.  Then whatever's left of the 1MB chain will die for good.  
Also remember once the vote succeeds (750 of the last 1000 blocks voting for Classic) there's a 1 month delay period.  That gives all nodes and miners plenty of time to upgrade their software to allow 2MB blocks.  
So bottom line I suspect the 'period of chaos' will last for hours if it happens at all.
@_date: 2016-01-17 15:15:51
Well if you're totally saturating the network with spammy transactions, that gets expensive fast.  It might not be as expensive as having to bid for the top 1MB of block space, but it would be expensive due to the large number of non-free transactions involved.  
I agree that a few big nodes should have a ton of RAM.  I think that probably will happen by default- a few people will dedicate a big machine to their BTC node, or will let the mempool spill out of RAM and into a high speed SSD.  That could actually be done pretty cheaply now.  
That might actually be something worth developing- a mempool spill directory.  Let mempool beyond X bytes be saved to disk in Y folder, but only if the user says so.  UI would strongly encourage that folder to be on a SSD...
But that brings up the second question- why prune the mempool (as a concept)?  If you're about preventing spam, then ideally you'd want a mix of both.  But if you intend for blocks to be constantly full, and you want people to start bidding for block space, then only the 'drop cheapest' option makes sense.  
@_date: 2016-01-16 06:22:35
I'm not scared either.  Actually I'm optimistic.  
While I'm extremely disappointed in the way the whole community has handled the last few months, I also think we're going to emerge stronger from it.  If the result of this whole mess is multiple solid implementations of Bitcoin, and a fresh dialogue over what the consensus rules should be and by what process they should be changed, it will make Bitcoin stronger and more censorship-resistant in the long run.  
I also think the block size nonsense is probably almost over.  It looks like Jonathan Toomim may have succeeded in forming a consensus of miners, which (if true and if those miners follow through) should put the block size issue to bed for at least another year or two.  During that time we should see a lot of fresh new ideas reach maturity, such as SegWit, Lightning, etc.  I think these ideas will best flourish when they aren't being rushed by an impending block space squeeze, and when people won't be forced to use them.  
@_date: 2017-03-26 04:47:28
That really depends on what happens after the fork.  
**The cleanest break would involve no forked chain at all.**  In theory, if 80% of miners adopt BU and announce an intent to proceed, the remaining 20% might cross over to BU before the fork.  **If 100% of miners switch, then there is no second chain**, only one BU chain and a handful of Core nodes that don't understand why nobody is making any valid blocks.  
If that happens, then I think we could all declare that a consensus has been reached.  I suspect Core would adopt the emergent consensus code from BU and life would go on.  Then we can debate whether or not SegWit is a good idea, although with the block size issue settled, I suspect once SegWit was modified to work with the new emergent consensus code, it would be adopted relatively quickly.  
**If 80% of miners switch, and it stays at 80% when the fork happens,** then we have some interesting times ahead.  You're correct that those 20% would get all the remaining CoreCoin blocks, but the markets will have to decide how much a CoreCoin is worth vs how much a BUCoin is worth.  Getting every block reward is useless if the coins have a low value.  Remember that for 2 months the CoreCoin network will be running at 20% capacity- that means astronomical transaction fees and long confirmation times, which means transacting on the CoreCoin network will be difficult and expensive.  
Therefore IMHO it's likely that the majority of economic activity will embrace CoreCoin.  Think of it this way- if for 2 months Visa cards took 2 days to run a transaction and each transaction cost ten dollars, do you think at the end of 2 months once the problem is fixed, that any merchants would give two shits about Visa anymore?  No, the economic activity would have moved on.  
Now I'm sure some purists will stick with CoreCoin (saying it's the only 'real' Bitcoin) but the chain will still have a very uphill battle.  
Now that's where MRCF could come in, but this is hard to estimate.  I could see it happening two ways.  
Way  would be to have MRCF simply force a retarget based on the last 100 blocks alone.  This would keep the remaining 20% of hash power as the mining power behind MRCFCoin, and wouldn't be overly technically complex.  Upside is easy upgrades for software that wants to use MRCFCoin, downside is it doesn't solve mining centralization.  You could also force SegWit activation in there if you wanted.  
Way  would be to have MRCF replace the PoW entirely, ideally with something relatively ASIC-proof.  This is dangerous if not a lot of mining power is available around activation time, opening up the possibility of an affordable 51% attack.  However if sufficient nodes adopted MRCF and were ready to mine, it could be most interesting.  
I suggest a good way of doing this would be to have MRCF-ready nodes start mining as soon as a &gt;1MB block is detected, and then put the results in OP_RETURN transactions (or pick an unused opcode).  This would allow kickstarting things even before any fork happens- use those OP_RETURN transactions to send PoW's around with 0-fee, because you don't care if they confirm or not you just want to use the P2P network to relay them around.  MRCF clients then start building their own separate chain based on the new PoWs, probably just using existing confirmed transactions but stealing the miner fee for the MRCF node.  Obviously lots of details to work out there, but the point is you could do the retarget even before the fork happens.  
Way  obviously won't be popular with miners.  
@_date: 2017-03-19 12:45:52
Bad analogy because personal gain / personal suffering is involved.  That's a person in power saying 'I think you should get less of your own stuff so I get more of your stuff as well as my own stuff'.  Hard not to take that as good faith because there's no way to justify that statement with good faith.  
But if I said 'I think Bitcoin Unlimited is the best way to scale Bitcoin', or 'I think SegWit is the best way to scale Bitcoin', sure I could be nefarious but you can also much more easily explain my actions as good faith- I'm advocating for what I think is the best proposal for everyone.  
Make sense?
@_date: 2017-03-13 01:39:00
IMHO, a scenario where there are two valid chains going forward with no clear winner/loser is the worst case scenario, because that will cause a lot more problems with transactions being on one chain or the other.  
Miners don't want that either.  From what I've seen, all the miners and all the 'big block' people all agree that there needs to be one clear winner chain, not two valid ones going forward.  We all (I think) want there to be one Bitcoin going forward- not 'corecoin' and 'bucoin' that people have to choose between.  
Unless someone wants to do an intentional fork and create a new currency (and there ARE people who want this), IMHO having a clear winner is more important even than increasing the block size limit.  That's not to say a hard fork shouldn't be attempted, only that a hard fork should only be done in a way that produces a clear winner one way or another (IE the 'safe activation strategy').  If miners planned to start making 2MB blocks as soon as they have &gt;51% I'd probably be opposed to BU.  
The point is- I don't think there'll be 'corecoin' and 'bucoin'.  I think there will just be Bitcoin.  What Bitcoin is may change somewhat, but there will still be only one Bitcoin.  I consider this an essential requirement to any soft or hard fork.  
As for risk- breaking/changing consensus rules carries two kinds of risk- risk that whatever you're doing won't work and you'll lose money, and risk that whatever you're doing will work but is a bad idea and thus causes other problems.  
Now you talk about 'the stability of decentralization' but that's a whole separate argument.  Are you worried that miners will create large blocks that user nodes can't handle?  Because I highly doubt that Bitcoin users would ignore a better-functioning upgrade because it trims off the bottom 5% of nodes...


If you're looking at Bitcoin as e-gold and nothing else, sure.  
If, like me, you think a lot of Bitcoin's value comes from its ease of transacting, then this is crippling.  
Put differently- imagine the Visa network was down for two months.  Do you think at the end of that period, anyone would still want to accept Visa?  No, everybody would have moved on to something else.
@_date: 2016-03-08 07:02:43


Then why did Satoshi give Gavin the Alert key, make Gavin the owner of bitcoin.org, put Gavin in control of the SourceForge project, etc?  I call that a successor


Please provide evidence?  I see full blocks, a growing mempool, and transactions that take hours or days to confirm.  I see people complaining on Reddit that their transactions don't work (at least I did a few days ago when we were in the spike).  How are we NOT hitting the limit?


Small block people keep saying this, but it doesn't change the fact that the blocks don't grow and that keeps Bitcoin itself small.  If Amazon started accepting Bitcoin tomorrow, the network would grind to a halt.  
Now if you want to make the min tx fee bigger, fine.  If you want to make block size an automatically adjusted sliding function that ignores low-fee blocks, fine.  But when there's a hard limit that's Very Difficult to change (and impossible to change quickly to respond to sudden growth (which we want)), don't tell me there's not going to be a problem.  


I understand well the danger of a hard fork.  Two chains, that continue forward, increasingly divergent, meaning transactions exist on one or the other or both and no easy way to tell which and where you and your transaction is.  A bad day all around.  
However I don't let the fear of a hard fork paralyze me from finding solutions to it.  If you get a clear hashpower majority on one side of the fork, that will mitigate almost any problem that comes from the fork.  Difficulty scales up nicely but it scales down very very badly.  That means a chain which drops to 25% or less hashpower is essentially unusable, which means miners will abandon it in favor of the new chain.  
Now something of course could have been missed, but that's what testnet forks are for...  as I recall that has been done successfully a couple of times...


And you calling hose people idiots and verbally bashing developers who have been nothing but cordial to each other, that really shows the idiot who's right does it?  No my friend it does not.  It just drags down the quality of the discussion for everybody by increasing the amount of noise in whatever's left of the signal.  I'm sure it's satisfying to call Gavin and Brian control freaks and yell at big-blockers for being ignorant, but it doesn't help the discussion and it certainly won't convince the big-blocker you are anything but 'yet another mindless idiot blindly following Core' (just as you are convinced the big-blocker is just another mindless idiot blindly following Gavin).  
So for the good of the discussion, for the good of the community, and for the good of Bitcoin, I would strongly encourage you to not do this anymore.  I'm sure it feels good but it hurts everybody else.  
@_date: 2017-03-06 20:07:43
Hi there
I can explain this, as I downvoted this thread (but upvoted your post).  Please check my post history including in both and and you will see I am not a shill or sockpuppet, and while I'm a 'big blocker' I support BU for technical reasons (which I'm happy to explain if you want).
I downvoted this post because "meaning they are going all in for a shitcoin version of BTC" and "[if you] care about the health of the bitcoin network, consider pointing your miners away from [Antpool]".  
I see a lot of this sort of crap on both sides of the issue- vilifying the other side of the discussion.  Nobody wants to break Bitcoin or make it fail.  There is just a disagreement on how Bitcoin should operate and be governed.  
I believe Bitcoin has two problems- one is difficult but solvable, one is much harder but far more threatening.  The big but solvable problem is scaling, it's an issue but we can solve it with new technology, and there are already two dedicated groups working to solve it.  
The much bigger problem with Bitcoin is how the community has divided.  Until the divide is healed, and will just be pro-Core/anti-Core circlejerks.  And that's a much bigger problem.  So I downvote a post that's making the problem worse not better.  
I hope that explains things!
@_date: 2017-03-21 22:49:38
Unfortunately I haven't found any really 100% reliable single sources of information who are also neutral in the SegWit vs BU fight.  
So my advice is to read a lot but don't trust anything.  Try to understand the concepts of how Bitcoin works.  That way you can start to separate the real concerns from the FUD.  
@_date: 2016-01-27 21:34:50
I cannot readjust my destination, I want to go TO THE MOON!
@_date: 2017-03-08 03:23:21
I will read this and respond in detail tomorrow.  However until then, there's one thing I think you're missing here:














You're setting yourself up for failure.  According to [this thread]( there are 5 people with commit access to Bitcoin-Core.  Wladimir (laanwj) is the head maintainer and he keeps a similar view, namely that consensus is required.  
So that means if two of the five primary developers of Core decide that a hard fork is a bad idea, then Core (as policy) will oppose it, which by your definition means the fork shouldn't happen.  
I think Bitcoin is too big for two or three people to have the ability to decide its direction...
Now for the record, if you were talking about changing ANY other part of consensus code (21 million limit, reward structure, difficulty system, etc) I'd agree 100% with all your safety procedures.  But the 1MB limit was obviously put in consensus code as a quick hack, and Satoshi himself suggested changing it.  I think it should have been removed from consensus code a long time ago, ideally before we were at 1MB.  
But that's just making my point- back in like 2012-2013 Gavin wanted to increase the limit, and nobody had a problem with this except one or two developers, and so Wladimir rejected the proposal because there 'wasn't consensus'.  
I don't think any one person or small group should have the authority to approve or deny changes in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-02-17 13:34:05
Nice reply, have an upvote.  
FWIW, I like the idea of Lightning.  While it has some fundamental drawbacks (which make it not apply to all use cases, and are often glossed over), I think there are scenarios where it could be very useful.  
For example gambling- you could have a totally anonymous gambling site where you can play a SatoshiDICE-like game for an hour and the whole thing only takes two chain transactions even if you're sending money back and forth dozens or hundreds of times.  
Or for a merchant you shop at a lot- I'd open a payment channel with Amazon for example as I buy stuff there all the time.  That could easily settle once a month and both myself and Amazon would be fine with that.  
However I think you're getting SegWit wrong.  SegWit isn't a bike messenger, it's a trailer that the trucks can tow behind them.  The truck driver keeps the label in the truck but puts the package itself in the trailer, that way the truck doesn't fill up as fast.  And if you include a detachable label on your package so it can ride in the trailer, they charge you a lower delivery fee.  
Problem is, the truck+trailer takes up the same amount of road space as making the trucks twice as big, only now the trucks are harder to drive and can't easily back up into small spaces, and the trailer axles need to be greased on a regular basis.  Plus, new drivers have to be trained in a far more complex system.  It's easier in the short run than replacing all the trucks with bigger ones, but causes more headache in the long term.  
More importantly, if the town expands into a big city and the delivery company doesn't get more/bigger trucks, a competitor will come along and say 'use us, we have tons of huge trucks and we can carry as many packages as you want without charging you ripoff fees!' and people will switch to the new company.  
Right now there are literally hundreds of altcoins that would kill for Bitcoin's adoption levels.  Bitcoin has the famous name and a head start in adoption, but how long will that last when using Bitcoin is expensive+slow while using altcoins is cheap+fast?  
@_date: 2017-03-19 15:03:05
If I'm reading this BIP correctly- should this be merged, then at some point around October/November 2017, all blocks that DON'T signal SegWit support will be rejected by all Core nodes and miners.  
Do you have any idea how dangerous this is?  People say a BU fork would be a problem, this could be a disaster.  
Let's ignore BU for a moment.  Let's assume in Oct/Nov we've still got 30% SegWit support.  
Per this BIP, you will be creating a fork.  The 30% of miners running SegWit will fork and that fork will be accepted by however many nodes are running this particular bit of code.  The majority of the miners will keep going, ignoring the 30% chain because it's shorter.  
As for payment nodes- SPV wallets will stick with the non-SegWit fork (or really whatever the node they connect to is doing), custom implementations will stick with the non-SegWit fork as well unless they also implement this, everyone else will be on one chain or the other depending on what their node runs (New Core / Old Core / Something Else).  
Now, FWIW, I get the purpose of this- you want to force the miners' hand, force them to declare for SegWit.  But you're playing a very dangerous game.  If this BIP is accepted, and a majority of miners DON'T accept SegWit, you will be creating a very disruptive minority fork that will cause a lot of problems.  
Personally I think this is dangerous to the point of being reckless.  It's playing Russian Roulette with the miners, only the one who may get shot is the Bitcoin network.  
It's also likely to fail.  If this code is merged, it would signal to the miners that Core is actively hostile toward them, which would make them MORE likely to oppose SegWIt and embrace other dev teams like BU.  
To be honest, I think you'd be better off just doing an intentional fork.  Set a flag day and fork the chain, new chain gets a new PoW and SegWit and a new name also.  Scaling can be easy because rather than carrying the old chain, you can create a whole new chain, just encode the current UTXO set into the genesis block and you can dispense with 100GB or so of old transactions.  
I actually think you should try this sort of fork.  I'd be very interested to see how 'schizcoin' does, and since you'd have the UTXO set people would wake up one day to find they own a bunch of 'schizcoins' (just like with BTC).  
@_date: 2016-03-04 12:28:38
In the long run, transaction fees will sustain mining. But that is not supposed to happen for quite a while. it is also supposed to involve much larger blocks with many more transactions in them.  The block size limit was never intended as a market control function, Satoshi did not intend that I should have to bid against other Bitcoin users for space in a block.
@_date: 2017-03-06 20:55:04


Difficulty adjusts every 2016 blocks.  If the 1MB chain only has 25% of its hashpower, that means blocks come out 1/4 as often, which means it takes 4x as long to reach the next adjustment.  
So worst case scenario- the 75% fork happens right after an adjustment.  At 1/4 rate, it will take *two months* to reach the next adjustment, during which time the 1MB chain will be at 1/4 transaction capacity (250KB per 10mins).  
Best case would be if the 75% fork happens about 1.5 weeks into a difficulty period (about 2/3 of the way through).  That gives a balance between suffering time until the next difficulty period, and having enough effect that the adjustment is significant.  Some smart people have done the math on this, but it still involves at least a month or so of greatly reduced capacity.  
This of course ignores that the remaining 25% of miners won't keep mining a losing chain out of spite, they will slowly switch to the BU chain.  Each time one does, that means more time until another adjustment.  
Now let's be honest- if 75% of the miners indicate they plan to switch to BU, the Bitcoin ecosystem WILL follow suit.  And by the ecosystem I mean users, nodes, payment providers, and even other miners.  The *economic majority* will be happily running BU, and while I'm sure a few die-hards will stay on Core, I doubt that chain would go anywhere.  
@_date: 2016-01-17 15:46:17
cool.  I'll be in and out for much of the day so let me know :)
@_date: 2017-03-12 21:59:55
Congrats, you so far seem to be the only one that actually READ my disclaimer.  
A lot of people on 'the other subreddit' have become jaded and are by default against anything Core comes up with, thus my disclaimer.  My own position is a bit more nuanced.  
I think SegWit has some good ideas, and some bad ones.  I don't mind the new transaction types (flexibility is good), and I support the idea of adding capability for smart contracts and sidechains (choice is good).  I think those things should be added with a safe staged hard fork, just as P2SH (BIP16) and CLTV (aka OP_HODL, BIP65) were.  Both those BIPs used a voting activation method- miners signal readiness, once support is locked in, it takes effect.  Both added major functionality without any problems.  
If this was presented as an independent proposal much like BIPs 16 and 65, I'd support it.  
However I don't think SegWit should be considered as a scaling solution.  I think witness data should be counted as part of the block data for accounting purposes.  And I think the sooner we can get block size limits out of consensus code, the better.  Block size limit is a network tuning parameter, when viewed among things like the 21 million limit and the difficulty adjustment procedure, it's a clear case of 'one of these things does not belong with the others'.  
I think each of these issues should be presented to the network separately, and judged on their own merits.
Make sense?
@_date: 2017-03-20 22:58:44
Honest question- where does the 3% number come from?  
I would like to understand both sides of this issue... can you clarify how you come to that %?
@_date: 2017-03-15 18:18:45
Right now we use P2PKH transactions.  They work pretty well and are universally supported, but they have known downsides, such as malleability.  
SegWit adds (among others) P2WPKH transactions.  Thats a new thing that must be supported also.  
Now in theory, P2WPKH and other transactions could replace P2PKH transactions in a year or two.  If P2WPKH is easier to deal with, then in the long run it's removing technical debt.  
But also in theory, we might want to keep P2PKH around forever (or at least for a Long Time) for compatibility.  That means there's now two things to support, thus it's adding technical debt.  
If I'm misunderstanding the issue, please tell me what I've got wrong.  
But if I've got the technical bits right, then whether SegWit adds or removes technical debt is a matter of how you look at things and what your long term plans are.  In that case, it's disingenuous to say 'SegWit adds debt' is a lie.  
@_date: 2017-03-09 16:12:37
First- I don't know where Luke is getting his number of 53,000 nodes but that's absurdly high.  There are about 5,000 real full nodes and those are the only ones that matter- SPV nodes and the like don't care about blocks, they only care about transactions, and they'll accept whatever the full node they connect to tells them (so they won't even notice a BU activation).  
But let's say it happened- right now, the effect would be minimal.  BU miners make up a minority of the network.  Therefore, the BU miners would start mining on the &gt;1MB block, and the Core miners would mine on the last &lt;1MB block, but the Core miners would rapidly outpace the BU miners, thus after a few blocks all BU nodes would resync with Core.  There'd be a small (couple blocks) orphan chain but it would be ignored.  
(this BTW is why they say wait for 6 confirmations to be truly sure about a transaction- orphan blocks can and do happen, both with and without BU)  
Now during that time, while the BU miners are working on the stub chain, all Core nodes would ignore the stub chain, rejecting the &gt;1MB block and all blocks on top of it.  All BU nodes would focus on the stub chain, and would then resync to the Core chain after it outpaced the stub.  
There would not however be any sort of explosion or big disaster.  Things would be a little funky for half an hour and then return to normal.  
For the record, miners aren't stupid- they won't make a &gt;1MB block 'just because', they know it and the blocks on top of it will be quickly outpaced and the efforts wasted.  Find the paper on 'safe hard fork activation' and how it describes coordination between miners to create a decisive activation.  
@_date: 2017-03-12 12:10:25
That comic was drawn in 2015, on a paper towel, I have no idea by whom.  I take no responsibility for its lack of precision :P
Although, I think it works for its intended purpose- the downstream llama and bull are dying of thirst, while honey badger is about to drown, and the only way for transactions to flow is through sidechain pipes...
IMHO- I think the sidechains can and should exist without the dam.  If Lightning (once it's ready) can reach even half of its promise (hundreds or thousands of TPS with instant confirmations and very little blockchain load), the dam won't be necessary because Lightning will simply offer a better payment experience.  I don't think it's necessary or desirable to degrade the experience of using Bitcoin (pure) in order to push people onto sidechains.  
So I personally hope BU succeeds, after which (with any luck) the two communities can start to heal and find a productive way forward that enables sidechains while also not restricting the main chain...
@_date: 2016-01-17 09:15:29
I'm not sure I agree.  I don't think we should be dropping valid transactions, ever.  I like validity rules (for example, avoid creating dust addresses) that pre-validate a transaction, but I think dropping valid transactions is a bad idea that we should avoid if at all possible.  


This is what I'm afraid of- if we don't raise the block size limit, then at some point soon (next few months) constant daily transaction load will exceed 1MB/10mins.  Once the constant/average transaction load exceeds 1MB/10mins, we have a perpetual situation where every day more transactions come in than we have space for.  At that point we HAVE to start dropping some, otherwise the mempool will grow uncontrollably until nodes run out of RAM and crash.  
This is not some remote possibility, this is simple numbers- if we can confirm X transactions per day, and Y transactions come in, then if X is less than Y, some transactions will never confirm.  
Now you are talking about fees for 0-12hr, 12-24hr, 24-48hr- if we use some priority logic so that an older, lower fee transaction has a similar priority to a newer, higher fee transaction, that would help.  But it doesn't fix the problem, it just makes it less bad.  
I'm trying to point out that this new paradigm (constantly full blocks combined with mempool pruning) would make Bitcoin behave SIGNIFICANTLY DIFFERENTLY than it does now, in a way that is NOT beneficial to any of the users.  
That's a question btw- if you can explain why it's beneficial to users to throw away valid transactions, or to make it likely rather than near-certain that regular fee transactions confirm quickly, I'd love to understand why...
@_date: 2016-01-18 21:37:06


This is true.  There are about 5000 nodes on the network, all of which will need an upgrade.  Granted that's a simple upgrade (much simpler than SegWit) but it's still an upgrade.  
Perhaps the worst part of the hard fork is that (in my estimation) there will be a fair number of full nodes left behind for quite a while.  I'm talking nodes set up on prepay VPSes and Raspberry Pi's that people have forgotten about.  It may be necessary to do a 'get out the upgrade!' awareness campaign during the 1 month grace period depending on how node adoption goes.  
I'm pretty sure the 'big guys' (Coinbase, BitPay, Circle, Blockchain, etc etc) will be on board pretty quickly though so actual disruption should be minimal or nonexistent.  
As for Bitcoin-LJR- you are absolutely right.  I personally disagree with the goals of Bitcoin-LJR and I think address blacklists are a terrible idea (as I recall we had a really good debate about that a year or two ago), but as a node operator or miner it's certainly your right to choose what you will and will not relay or mine.  And if a lot of others want to filter also, that's the voice of the majority which trumps any one person's personal opinions.  Not my place to tell them not to run Bitcoin-LJR any more than it's your place to tell me not to run Classic.  
Choice is always a good thing :)
@_date: 2017-03-15 07:52:51
I think there's checks and balances.  Other groups have influence over the miners, and there's the nuclear option of a PoW change.  But absent radical change, yes the miners are in charge, because they (or specifically their proof of work) is the source of trust/verification for the network.  The miners are the ones who make the blocks of the blockchain.  You want to change the blocks, you need their support.  You want the blocks to not change, you need their support.  
They can be influenced, sure, but they're the ones building the blockchain block by block.  So yes, it's the miners who determine what bitcoin is.  
Remember though- miners and users were supposed to be the same thing; if Satoshi made one mistake it was not predicting the the mining arms race of CPU -&gt; GPU -&gt; FPGA -&gt; ASIC...
@_date: 2017-03-22 14:50:06
In that case, can you tell me what specifically I've got wrong, and point me to some historical evidence of it being wrong?  
Go read one of the old bitcointalk threads on scaling, it's almost word for word identical to the debates we are having today- on chain scaling / raise the block size vs off chain scaling / never raise the block size.  
@_date: 2016-01-17 11:27:35
Right now the effects are minor.  When transaction load spikes above 1MB/10mins for short periods, high fee transactions confirm immediately, the rest sit around in mempool until load goes down, and then they confirm hours or days later.  
However if trends continue, transaction load will continue to grow, while transaction capacity remains capped at 1MB/10mins.  Soon this will hit the point where load doesn't just exceed 1MB/10mins for short periods, it is SUSTAINED at 1+MB/10mins.  That means that those free and low-fee transactions will never find space in a block.
At this point we will have to start pruning the mempool.  That means taking valid transactions from people who are legitimately trying to use Bitcoin, and throwing those transactions away.  
If we do that, it means the end of fairly reliable 0-conf.  Right now I can send a transaction and even with 0 confirmations, you can be pretty sure it will confirm soon.  That allows Bitcoin to work at point of sale- I send you coins, you see the transaction, you give me my purchase and I leave the store (even though the transaction has not confirmed).  
If we are throwing away transactions, then you won't be sure if my transaction will confirm or not.  So I will have to pay a large transaction fee to guarantee the transaction confirms quickly, or I have to stay in the store until I get a confirmation.  I hope you can see how this could kill many current uses of Bitcoin.  
Also, the 1MB limit applies a static, hard-to-change ceiling on the number of transactions Bitcoin can process.  Network usage is a highly dynamic and unpredictable thing.  Having real transaction load exceed network capacity means that if load spikes, even more legitimate transactions get thrown away.  
The important thing to understand, is right now if I send you Bitcoins, you can be quite sure they will arrive.  If load exceeds capacity and we're pruning the mempool, you can no longer be sure your Bitcoins will arrive until they (maybe) confirm hours or days later, otherwise they may not arrive at all.  That's a Bad Thing.
@_date: 2017-03-26 14:44:50
Can you please explain how I am a troll?  I'm very careful not to throw accusations around (unlike some people), I try to stick to things that can be proven as fact or are borne out in history.  I also try to conduct myself in a respectful manner, unlike a lot of people here.
If you think my history comment is trollish can you please explain why that is, or what about it is not correct?  
@_date: 2017-03-26 07:46:25
Curious how so?  What specifically is wrong about it?  I've been following this whole mess pretty closely for the last few years and I'm pretty sure most of it is right, but if I've missed something I'd love to know what...
@_date: 2016-01-18 07:54:45
Oh no argument at all.  
Gavin then suggested he should attend the Scaling Bitcoin conference wearing a beer hat.  I wish he'd done it :D
@_date: 2016-01-18 13:35:26
That's a fair point.  And going to per-transaction fees would be a change that should get some serious discussion first.
@_date: 2017-03-07 02:47:52
Propose an alternative?  
Bitcoin XT (long term scaling plan involving pre-planned block size limit increases) was rejected by Core and supporters as being too much increase too fast.  Also, Bitcoin-XT nodes were DDoS'd.
Bitcoin Classic (very conservative / 'safe' one time jump to 2MB) was starting to gain traction but then the 'Hong Kong agreement' (which carried its own bit of controversy as many stakeholders weren't at the table, and the Core devs were there as individuals not speaking on behalf of Core) killed that.  Also, Bitcoin Classic nodes were DDoS'd.  
SegWit is rejected by most BU people because it adds complexity and long term technical debt, only increases capacity for transactions that use its complex format, and carries various other risks when deployed as a soft fork.  BU supporters see it as a long term risk, more so than a simple 'safe hard fork'.  
Also, the miners probably would have supported it, but Core didn't uphold the HK Agreement.  SegWit took WAY longer than promised, and no hard fork proposal was seriously considered.  
Now we have Bitcoin Unlimited.  More complex (but not as much as SegWit), arguably more risky than Classic or XT, but it *puts the block size limit question away forever*.  It's the 'we don't want to have this problem ever again' solution.  
So if you've got a better idea, I'd love to hear it...
@_date: 2017-03-11 06:53:36
30k, including non full nodes, SPV nodes, etc.  If I'm understanding that correctly, when I start up a wallet app on my phone I'm a 'node'.  
SPV nodes do not contribute to the network, they utilize the network.  
Luke's page needs to be expanded to explain what kind of nodes are present in what quantity, and how the data is gathered.
@_date: 2017-03-19 23:37:39
Ain't that the damn truth :(
@_date: 2017-03-07 00:00:34
haha that's a fair point...  also a perfect example of what's wrong with this sub- has issues, but at least it's not a centrally enforced echo chamber...
@_date: 2017-03-26 07:49:06
Thanks, the thought is appreciated even if nobody paid any attention :)  
Sadly these days the guys screaming "(The other group) IS DESTROYING BITCOIN!!!!1" (from both sides) are basically choking the discussion.  
There was a good post a few days ago, someone (forget who exactly) was giving a talk and said the biggest threat to Bitcoin isn't BU, or SegWit, or centralization, but rather angry trolls on Reddit because they kill any productive discussion that might help us decide on the best path forward...
@_date: 2016-03-08 06:52:32
Before Satoshi left, he gave Gavin the Alert keys (which can send out a message to all Bitcoin client instances), made Gavin the owner of bitcoin.org, made him the owner of the SourceForge project site, etc.  
@_date: 2016-01-17 02:35:11
I'm saying that if there is a constant backlog, and only the highest paying transactions get verified, then it's possible that the acceptable fee from the last block won't be enough for the next block, and if transaction load increases, that fee might not be acceptable again for days.  
This is the problem with saying 'the top 1MB of transactions get verified, the rest get deleted'.  What exactly it takes to make it into the top 1MB can and will change rapidly as network load fluctuates.  
@_date: 2017-03-19 12:41:27
I don't like mining centralization, but to address that we need some kind of solution or at least an attempt at one.  
Mining is centralized because of economics.  A mining operation can order mining hardware by the boatload, only they don't need the boat because the factory would be right there in China.  And they get tons of cheap power.  
If we lower the price of miners, it will still be cheaper for them because they're the ones building the miners.  And American power isn't as cheap because we have pollution controls and whatnot.  
I'd love to hear a solution to this.  What is the solution Core is talking about (since you complain BU isn't talking about it)?  
@_date: 2017-03-22 02:01:41
Good, because even with BU, Bitcoin doesn't have the capacity to become the world's primary digital currency.  I don't see any chance of that happening anytime soon (fortunately).  
Hopefully by the time that becomes an actual risk, we'll have bigger blocks, and sidechains, and payment channels, and smart contracts.  
Either that or if we are still having this conversation a year from now, the world will give up on us and start using Dash or Ether.
@_date: 2017-03-07 00:40:05


I agree!  That's the beauty of F/OSS- Core can do whatever they want if if I don't like it I won't run Core.  If the economic majority chooses to run BU, then so be it.  I'm not planning to tell Core what they must or must not include in their software.  But if I don't like their software, I'm welcome to run something else, or fork the code and build my own.  That's how F/OSS works.  


No it's not.  While there are a lot of *contributors* to Bitcoin-Core, there are a very small number of people with commit access who decide which contributions are included and which are not.  
I don't mind this as a development model- as you say, it works great for Linux and many other F/OSS projects operate the same way.  
But while this is a nice development model, it's a shitty way to govern a financial network.  One of the biggest 'checks and balances' of this model is how if people don't like the way you run things, they can just fork the project and build their own.  The original developer won't generally try to discourage that, it's just how things work.  
Here, several people have tried to fork and build their own.  Gavin and Mike were the first (Bitcoin XT), then we had Bitcoin Classic, now we have Bitcoin Unlimited.  
In each case, people are attacked, ridiculed, even DDoS'd for running the competing software.  The argument against the competition is that this software makes changes not approved by the Core development process.  
That, to me, is wholly against the spirit of open source.  Open source philosophy would say 'let's build our own versions and if there can be only one network, we'll agree on a way to let the users vote on which one wins'.  Instead we have 'Core is building Bitcoin and everybody else is an attacker'.  
See my problem there?
@_date: 2016-01-17 08:26:58
If this was reliable, nobody would care, but I don't think it would be.
Under the proposals I've heard from Core, the mempool would be locked at a certain size (configurable per node).  When that size is reached, and a new transaction comes in, mempool throws away the lowest fee transaction to make room for the new one.  
So if transaction load is cyclical on a daily basis, then what you propose would work- a medium fee transaction might not confirm immediately but at night when transaction load drops it would make it in as the network eats up some of the mempool backlog.  
But if transaction load is non-cyclical (as Bitcoin is a worldwide currency) then any transaction is at the mercy of network load.  The only way to really guarantee a confirmation is to post a significantly above average fee.  
Otherwise, let's say transaction load is steadily increasing, and you post a transaction with an average fee.  Since the average fee would be steadily increasing also along with transaction load, unless you got lucky and your transaction confirmed quickly, chances are your transaction would NEVER confirm because it would quickly be out-bid by the increasing fees.
The bottom line for me is that network load is a very elastic thing.  It's very hard to predict where network load will be even a short time in the future.  
Thus it does not make sense to me to keep a static, very-hard-to-change limit that's about the same as *current* load, when we are also saying we want to expand Bitcoin.  If we like Bitcoin where it is and we don't want to push adoption, then yes we should keep the limit at 1MB and pat ourselves on the back.  But if we want Bitcoin to keep growing, then we should not chain ourselves to a static limit that we are already running into.
@_date: 2016-03-21 06:34:53


Not quite correct.  To run a full Bitcoin *NODE* you need to sync the chain.  The Bitcoin software (Bitcoin-Core, Bitcoin-Classic, etc) is both a node and a wallet together.  
A mobile wallet (for a cell phone) is what's called a SPV (Simple Payment Verification).  It relies on other nodes to do the heavy lifting, so it can offer wallet functions without needing the full blockchain.  
A paper wallet is just a private key that corresponds to a Bitcoin address.  It is not a node nor does it need one.  
@_date: 2016-01-16 07:15:06


True, but it's important to distinguish between the Core devs and Theymos.  Theymos is not a developer, not has (to the best of my knowledge) his definition of XT/etc as an 'altcoin' ever been endorsed by the Core devs.  
Also, don't forget miners are the ones with real power.  It seems like in the past few days a mining consensus may have formed around Bitcoin Classic, and if that's the case then it really doesn't matter what Core says or does.  
RBF is IMHO a serious misstep.  However it seems to be soundly rejected by most users, and I wouldn't be surprised if the majority of nodes (and even miners) end up rejecting RBF transactions.  
Also, keep in mind that the playing field has changed a LOT in the past few months.  In September there was Core and XT and that's it.  Now there's BU and Classic and I'm sure there will be others.  So you can consider it a ray of light that the Bitcoin ecosystem as a whole is starting to embrace the idea of multiple implementations.  If that continues to happen, it will greatly decrease the authority Core has because they will be just one among many.  
@_date: 2017-03-07 01:43:03
ETC:  The people behind ETC had a valid point- even if the DAO's fuckup was due to a software bug, they felt fixing it would betray one of the most fundamental principles of cryptocurrency, namely that once a transaction confirms it can never be un-spent or reversed.  
That's not equivalent to block size issues.  An equivalent here would be removing the 21 million coin limit, or a patch that invalidates a large section of the Blockchain in favor of a different transaction flow.  
Also, is it really necessary to say 'BU-llshit'?  I think such insults (which include things like 'Blockstream Core') just drag down the discussion.  I strongly disagree with a lot of the actions of Bitcoin-Core and its developers, but I am not going to disrespect them as a result- they are highly talented coders and cryptographers who have made huge contributions to Bitcoin and cryptocurrency as a whole.  I greatly respect their work, even if I strongly disagree with the direction behind it.  
So let's be adults and stay out of the kiddie sandbox, okay?  




I suspect you mean 'that's assuming that other people are NOT going to dust off old miners'.  In theory sure if a bunch of people were willing to mine unprofitably to support Core, that could happen.  They'd have to all mine unprofitably for at least a few weeks, and there'd have to be a LOT of them.  Personally I don't see it happening.  
I think more likely, if BU activates and forks and Core decides to not support BU, Core would start talking about a hard fork that either resets difficulty or that switches to an ASIC-proof PoW.  I think the latter is more likely, because an ASIC-proof Bitcoin is at least somewhat immune to miner centralization.  That would give the 1MB chain a reason for existing other than 'we were here first'.  


UASF is a terrible idea, it's the death of the Nakamoto Consensus.  If it happens I suspect miners would start rejecting SegWit transactions as a matter of principle.  
For what it's worth- if BU fails and we get UASF happening I'd consider Bitcoin to be in very serious trouble.  At that point I'd probably start buying Dash myself...
@_date: 2016-01-18 06:47:50
Not quite
If the users want something, and the developers ignore them and build something else, is that a healthy way to run things?  I personally don't think so.  
A large number of users and the majority of miners have expressed a clear preference that we/they want the block size limit raised before we consistently have &gt;1MB/10mins of transactions.  
Core has provided a roadmap which, while nice, does not do this.  SegWit won't be implemented ecosystem-wide fast enough to avoid a block space crunch, and doing SegWit as a soft fork carries significant security concerns which should be discussed in detail WITHOUT the pressure of a time crunch.  
So there's a serious disconnect between what users want and what devs are willing to build.  As Jeff Garzik put it- "Without exaggeration, I have never seen this much disconnect between user wishes and dev outcomes in 20+ years of open source."
The bottom line is no one single person or group should have sole veto power over what goes in Bitcoin.  That's not supposed to be how Bitcoin works.  And diversity helps provide that.  
So no, it's not about saying "I'm still in charge", it's about ensuring that no one group is in charge.  
@_date: 2016-03-04 12:23:49
And when the mempool is growing so fast that any fee I calculate as reasonable will be unreasonable by the time my transaction actually makes it into a block (which happened to a lot of people here), how am I supposed to deal with that?
@_date: 2017-03-20 13:49:15
Sure!  


(that's just the first one I could find with Google, there are a few others as I recall)
@_date: 2017-03-12 23:11:41


If you're talking about consensus rules, there's at least some truth to this.  For example, if a majority of miners suddenly decided that the block reward should be 9999 bitcoins, even though they have a majority, the rest of the network (nodes and miners) would reject all their blocks and refuse to adopt their new consensus rules.  
Put differently, if all of the miners and none of the nodes want a consensus change, then nothing will work- the miners will have a long chain that's rejected by everyone, and the nodes will have tons of transactions that don't confirm because they don't see any valid blocks being generated.  Everything grinds to a halt.
But let's think in the real world here, where there are no absolutes.  There are already a significant minority of miners supporting BU, and a significant minority of nodes supporting BU.  Assuming the miners continue with the 'BU safe activation strategy', they will wait until they get 75% support before mining &gt;1MB blocks.  For the sake of argument, let's assume that's all they get, and a similar percentage of nodes.  
Here's the most important part of this- **Neither Core nor BU are designed to adjust the difficulty in the event of a hard fork.**  
That means the Core chain (and the few thousand Core nodes) suddenly lose 75% of their hash power.  That means blocks will come out 1/4 as often, 1 block per 40 minutes or so.  Those 40-minute blocks will still be bound by the 1MB limit.  This will cause a large backlog, as the network can now only process 1MB per 40mins, or well under 1 transaction per second.  The network will still technically operate, but it will be crippled.  
Because difficulty adjusts every 2016 blocks, based on the time to create the last 2016 blocks, this situation will persist for some time.  If (worst case scenario) the fork happens right after a difficulty adjustment, this chain will be crippled for two months (2 weeks taking 4x as long is 2 months).  Best case is the fork happens about 2/3 of the way through a difficulty period, but that still means a week or two at 25% capacity and then another 2016 blocks at a higher but still not full speed.  
The BU network on the other hand will be far more functional.  With (let's say) a 2MB block size limit, but running at 75% speed (blocks every 12-13 minutes), that means the new BU chain will still have 50% MORE capacity than the network had pre-fork.  It will persist this way for up to 2.5-3 weeks, at which point difficulty will adjust again and BU will be up to 100% speed (200% of the original network capacity).  
Note- if you disagree with the technical side of this, please keep that separate and let me know, so we can keep the 'what the network will do' and 'what people will do in reaction' questions separate...
Given this, I find it highly likely that people will prefer the BU network, simply because it will work better.  Remember that most Bitcoin *users* really don't give two shits about this technical holy war, they just want their transactions to work.  If one side is saying 'we are broken and we will stay broken for two months, but you should stick with us because we're the one true Bitcoin', and the other side says 'we fixed the problem and our network is working faster and better than ever', people will go with the second option.  
More likely, MINERS will go with the second option.  People in may be hell bent on sticking with a Core chain until the very end, but miners just want to make money.  Mining a minority chain is a serious risk because if the minority collapses, they've lost ALL the work they put into that chain.  At that point the 'safe' option is to adopt BU themselves (or at least accept 2MB blocks as valid, even if they keep running Core).  
@_date: 2017-03-27 16:46:44
Wow, that's one of the most complete replies I've ever gotten to a post.  Thanks.
This is looking to be a very busy work week so it may take me a few days to put together a reply for all this (and your other post) but I promise to go through this in detail and provide a detailed response :)
@_date: 2017-03-06 21:24:08
Okay let's say this happens.  Let's say that there's a small group of die hard Core supporters who insist on maintaining the 1MB chain, and let's assume some small number of miners support you.  I doubt this very much, because keeping two chains makes life harder for everybody, but let's say it happens.  
The first problem you'll have is that for 1-3 months, your chain will be crippled.  It will be receiving transactions that it can't confirm, or that are not valid.  The highest fee transactions that spend old coins will confirm on the 1MB chain, but that's it.  The two chains will slowly diverge.  People will use the BU chain for faster transaction confirmation and low fees.  
But let's say you stick with it, and at the end of 1-3 months you have a difficulty adjustment and now you're operating again, still at 1MB/10mins capacity.  You'll still just be causing disruption to the BU chain (and them causing disruption to you) due to both networks seeing each others' transactions and blocks as invalid.  
Now if the 1MB chain is to continue, a Core software update or a BU update would have to be released that separates old-chain from new-chain.  That could be just simply preventing Core nodes from talking to BU nodes and vice versa.  There'd still be overlapping UTXO sets, but that's a separate issue that users can sort out on their own (as happened with ETH/ETC).  
Once all that's done, 1-3 months later, you have a working chain again.  Who will use it?  Why would people stay on your chain when their transactions will confirm faster, with more people, on the BU chain?  Remember on the 1MB chain you could only transact with people who are also on the 1MB chain, just like ETH/ETC.  Without your masses of users and exchanges, the value of 1MB coins will drop.  
More likely- if BU is going to happen, Core would come out with their own version that adopts the BU emergent consensus code but also supports SegWit.  Then you have a hard fork but you don't have two chains going forward.
@_date: 2017-03-25 04:54:48
Please show me where anyone wants to increase the block size 'willy-nilly'
Miners have an incentive to create reasonable size blocks- they are kept in check both by each other, and by the nodes possibly rejecting their blocks if they are too big.  
You should read more on the BU 'emergent consensus' system, especially the 'accept depth' parameter.  Basically a node/miner will say 'we will accept blocks up to X size, unless a bigger block has Y blocks mined on top of it.  
This prevents a small group of miners from creating blocks bigger than the rest of the network will accept, because their too-big blocks will be orphaned.  But if a majority of the miners wants to raise the block size limit, they can.  
The settings miners are using now is EB1/AD6 which means they won't accept a &gt;1MB block unless 6 blocks are mined after it (IE, 51% of the network wants the bigger block).  If they get an 80% majority they'd change this to something like EB2/AD6 (meaning they'll accept 2MB blocks unless 51% push for bigger).  
**If there's one thing that centralized control of the block size limit has taught us, it's that there shouldn't be centralized control of the block size limit.**  The toxic debates surrounding the block size controversy have been poisoning Bitcoin for the last several years.    
@_date: 2017-03-20 22:44:59
A lot of people consider BU to be an attack...  (it's really not though, it's a vote)
@_date: 2014-12-27 07:27:30
Oh I'm not by any means saying it was BAD.  In terms of conveying that BitPay will produce lower fees than credit cards, the commercial gets a gold star.
My complaint is that it could be better.  Look at 0:20ish, just after the 'bitboys' comment, she just stares at them.  I feel like something could have been done better there.  Maybe not in a 30s ad unless you clever edit to free up another 4-5 seconds, but I feel the russian gangster joke would work better if there was some resolution to it.  Even if she just said like "Sorry guys, see you later!"...
@_date: 2016-03-15 06:21:04


No, I mean the existing set of Core developers, or any software released under the name Bitcoin-Core.  Their fear is not the rules, their fear is the name and the 'officiality' that comes behind it.  They see Core devs as the 'leaders' of Bitcoin and it's not in their nature to defy leaders.  Hopefully soon they will realize that THEY are the real leaders.  


No, not correct.  That was discussed a lot (and more recently miners are saying they don't want 90%, see Brian Armstrong's post on the roundtable), but let's call a spade a spade- if Core had supported BIP101, we'd have 8MB blocks today with no complaints about 75% thresholds or the 2 week activation delay.  


Core+miners, when miners will do more or less whatever Core says, and miners and Core agree bigger blocks are needed?  Absolutely they can do it and they would.  


Source?  I've heard July 2017, not 2016.  


Now I'm going to focus on Core developers themselves for a second, nothing else.  My argument is that Core has been irresponsible with handling of capacity issues from the beginning.  
If Core was responsibly handling capacity and scaling issues, and if there was a master plan for full blocks, then we'd be having this conversation back in 2013-2014 back when Gavin first broached the issue.  Back then we should have started the debate, in earnest, and Core should have put forward a solid plan.  If that plan was "do nothing, let blocks fill up, fee market fee market" then they should have provided strong guidance on how dynamic fees should be done and done full-block tests on testnet.  This plan would be put forward to the community of miners and users, who could accept or reject it.  
That's not what happened.  
Some Core people like LukeJr did talk about fee markets and spam filtering and whatnot.  The general consensus though was 'we have time to deal with it so we kick the can down the road'.  Thus no preparation for dynamic fees or testing of full blocks.  And no big official communication from Core on how things will change and how to prepare.  
I see Core's actual behavior over the last few years (as it relates to scaling) to be seriously deficient.  For a project on which so much money depends, I think we have a right to ask for better.  If Core has or had a plan, then things like fee estimation shouldn't be a surprise to anybody.  It should have been well understood AT LEAST 12 MONTHS AGO that when the block crunch hits, fee scaling will be a requirement.  


I agree.  I'd even accept a fee market created by block limits.  I have a big problem with a static limit that takes months to change.  Such a thing is incompatible with rapid growth.  If the limit was dynamic and adjusted on a weekly basis to keep fees in the range of x satoshis per byte, I wouldn't have too many complaints about that (I think not-full blocks and let miners compete is a better option, but I wouldn't complain too much about such a system).  
OTOH **when you have a static limit, that means supply cannot at all change in reaction to demand**.  And that's a bad thing when we want demand to grow.  Can't you see that?  
If I make a product, and demand grows, then when demand exceeds supply the price will rise.  But I will also start making more of that product to feed the demand and keep the price where I want it to be.  Doesn't that make sense?  Why can't we do the same for Bitcoin?


Because those were non-contentious soft forks.  The goal was not to conduct a vote or resolve a disagreement, because everybody agreed.  The goal was to determine the optimal time WHEN (not if) the new policies would be implemented.  They already had consensus, but nobody was sure quite how fast the miners would roll out the new software.  Thus, the 95% threshold- wait until virtually everybody is ready, then go for it.  The only reason it's not 100% is to prevent one miner somewhere who hasn't looked at his node in ages from holding things up.  
Here in the USA, it's election season.  Who we elect affects everybody, electing the wrong candidate can mean loss of money, jobs, life, safety, and rights.  Candidates like Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump propose radical changes to how our country works.  Shouldn't we require a 95% vote majority before we inflict such radical candidates on people who don't want them as leaders?
Obviously we don't because when there's a contentious vote, nobody ever wins with a 95% majority.  Just the same, you will never get a 95% majority for a hard fork because if even one miner opts out the whole thing is a no-go.  I don't think any ONE person should have that much power over Bitcoin.  


That is not part of the design of the system or the reality we face today.  
Core to the design of the system is the idea that most people will act in their own interest (and be generally honest) most of the time.  By making it more profitable to support the system than fight the system, Satoshi ensured that people working for their own interest will make the network overall stronger.  That's what miners do.  That's why the chain with the most work in it wins.  
As for miners- you have to look at Chinese culture to understand why they call for increases in block size but don't vote for those increases.  
I am from the USA, we are taught from a young age that it is the citizens who have ultimate power in our country, through the power of the vote.  And thus we should stand up and loudly fight for what we believe to be right, as our forefathers did when fighting the British.  
People are not taught such things in China.  China has a different culture than the US.  In China, there is a much larger emphasis on following the recognized authority and not fighting those in charge.  
Thus a Chinese person's very culture tells him that Core are the ones in charge of Bitcoin, and they must rely on Core to make such decisions.  What the Chinese do not realize, and I hope they figure it out soon, is that THEY are the ones in charge.  


I know, I am talking about before a difficulty adjustment.  Let's say 25% of hash power sticks with Core.  That means blocks come out at 25% of normal speed until difficulty adjusts, or 1 block per 40 mins (4x longer than normal).  You will have 1x 1MB block per 40 mins.  Assuming no more miners jump ship, this will continue until the next difficulty adjustment.  Since difficulty adjustments happen by number of blocks and not by calendar time, and they adjust based on time-for-last-2016-blocks, you will be waiting (by my calculations) at least a month before you are back to anything close to 10min blocks.  
Now in reality, nobody will want to use a network with 1MB/40mins capacity.  So as the remaining miners jump ship to the Classic chain, the situation gets exponentially worse.  Once you're down to 10% of miners, it's 1 block per 100 minutes.  Once you're down to 5% of miners, that's 1 block per 200 minutes, at that rate it'd be 280 *days* before the next difficulty adjustment.  
Also, you yourself argue that miners stick together, which means by your argument when 75% of miners switch the other 25% will be along soon.  That means the rapid end of the Core chain after a fork.  


That, by itself, is fair and understandable.  If that is really the root of your argument, then the only thing we actually disagree on is whether 'strong consensus' is made up by 75% or 95% majority.  
However I'd argue that if this is the core of your position, your arguments do not serve it well.  You say here that Core is just one implementation, in service of the rules themselves.  Yet you argue previously that we should have a 95% non binding vote, and leave it up to Core to make the actual changes.  If Core is just one group of coders who service the consensus rules, why should they get veto authority over the changes?  And why should it be up to them how and when those changes happen?  
If strong consensus rules are really your goal, then I think it's far preferable to put the rules themselves, in code/implementation form, up for a vote and let the miners decide by your 95% consensus.  Then once they vote their will is immediately made manifest as the New Strong Consensus.  That serves the goal of consensus far better than letting one group of devs make the changes...
@_date: 2016-01-17 14:47:57
Such has been argued.  
I like Mike Hearn's plan for doing this- configure a mempool limit, and if that limit is reached, pick one transaction at random and drop it and all transactions that depend on it.  This works well as a spam filter because a spam attack will generally involve the same coins rapidly being moved all over the place, so dropping one transaction and its children will likely drop many of the spammy transactions.  Plus, since all nodes won't drop the same transactions, eventually when the attack lets up the various transactions will all eventually verify and clear; the chance of actually LOSING a transaction is greatly reduced.
OTOH, Core's proposal is to just drop the cheapest transactions.  This means every node will drop the same transactions at the same time (more or less).  While this would make a DDoS more expensive, it has the side effect of dropping legit transactions during periods where network load exceeds block space.  
@_date: 2017-03-06 20:32:39
I've mostly tuned out of the discussion lately because nothing new seems to happen.  Try googling for "SirEDCaLot site:reddit.comI'll give you that this post might have been a bit over the line, however the big difference between my post and OP is that OP is assuming malicious intent (BU wants to create a 'shitcoin' and 'damage the health of the Bitcoin network), while I was reacting to a specific action (one of the main Bitcoin-Core contributors called the police to report a company using the Blockchain as an anchor for their smart voting platform).  
I was making fun of the fact that a group apparently obsessed with decentralization would call the centralized police force to prevent someone from broadcasting fee-paying transactions.  
Making fun of someone's (obviously absurd) actions can be satire, while assuming malicious intent of an entire group is what I see as a problem.  
@_date: 2017-03-19 11:51:31
How is Wu fighting for mining centralization?  
Whether BU activates or not, miners are still doing the same thing.  
@_date: 2017-03-22 13:32:30


Honestly I could say the exact same about you.  You seem like a smart person but I think you've been reading too much propaganda and thus have started to believe the doublethink.  
For example, you say SegWIt has no controversy and then you say the miners are against it.  Unless you didn't read Satoshi's white paper and thus don't think the miners are an important part of Bitcoin, the miners being against it *makes it a controversial proposal!*.  
and have YOU taken the time to critically look at both what BU and Core are trying to do?  BU doesn't want to 'take over' or run the show or replace Core, they just don't think any one group (including a group as smart as Core) should be able to dictate the future of Bitcoin.  They think the users should be able to choose from multiple proposals.  
If you won't read my post (and I really wish you would, I think you might find it interesting) consider reading at least [Article 1 of the Bitcoin Unlimited Articles of Federation](  
And as I said above, I'm not a shill, you're welcome to check my post history.  I've just analyzed the situation and come to a different conclusion than you have.  I really wish you and people like you would at least try to see things the other way, look past the propaganda and ask yourself 'what's good about BU?' so at least you'd understand what we're trying to do.  (You obviously don't because your accusations are factually incorrect- that's not an insult, just a plea for you to open your mind a bit)
@_date: 2017-03-19 12:19:43
I'd generally agree.  Or at the very least, a much lower % of the discussion is accusations of bad faith or attacks and rehashing those same accusations against people.  
@_date: 2017-03-25 22:19:39
And I believe that you believe that.  I also believe you've made little/no effort to see things from the other side, which is sad.  
Can't we agree that these are our own opinions?  I know I'm not trying to destroy Bitcoin, and I don't believe anyone else pushing BU is either, just as I don't think Blockstream is trying to cripple the main chain to drive traffic to their sidechains.  But these are all just my opinions.  
Same thing with you- you think BU is a hostile power grab, but that's your opinion.  
Can't we both agree that these are our own opinions and (sort of interrogating various developers) neither can be proven true or false?
@_date: 2017-03-08 01:45:02
I agree governance is an issue, but I don't think it's two sides jostling for control as much as whether or not one side gets to keep SOLE control over the protocol or whether control gets shared going forward...
@_date: 2017-03-14 14:18:57
You totally ignored my point.  I'm trying to say there's a difference between a hostile attack and a controversial attempt to improve Bitcoin.  A miner vote to improve Bitcoin is not an attack and should not be called an attack.  
I'm not trying to take an absolutist position here.  I don't think any one group has ABSOLUTE power over Bitcoin.  
How about this:  
Bitcoin has a natural system of checks and balances that prevent any one group from imposing its will on the others.  If developers try to do things others don't want, miners and nodes won't run their code, and will switch to other implementations.  If miners try to do things others don't want, developers will write different code and nodes/users will prefer that code, potentially changing the PoW, shutting out the miners.  If nodes and developers try to do things miners don't want, the miners can simply not run that code and not make any blocks to help.  Users can make themselves heard against any of the above by (in case of fork) choosing which side of the fork to transact on, or (as a nuclear option) switching to an altcoin, causing the value of Bitcoin to drop.  
Would you agree with the above?
I think in a sense we are both right.  A majority of miners can determine what kind of blocks are made and what goes in them.  However if everyone else disagrees, nodes and developers have a 'nuclear option' of changing the PoW, shutting out the miners entirely.  
In either case, users can choose to move their money to a different coin (dropping the value of BTC and making mining less profitable), and if devs/nodes decide to dump the miners and change the PoW, users can focus economic activity on the new PoW fork thus dropping the value of the coin the miners are working with.  
Would you agree with that?


I think this is a great idea.  I think part of the real test is as BU gains more hash power, does that result in a drop in price.  So far I haven't seen any such drop (the last few days have been volatile due to ETF-related stuff).  
@_date: 2017-03-19 11:58:36
No, I don't think anyone has bad faith.  Not you exab, not the people of not the people of not Adam or Wladimir or Roger or Gavin or even LukeJr.  
From what I've seen, everybody is fighting for what they believe will create the strongest future for Bitcoin, there is just disagreement on how to create the strongest future for Bitcoin.  Adam Back believes that sidechains are the future, and that on-chain scaling won't get that far.  Gavin believes that on-chain scaling can keep pace for a long time.  The people of believe that BU will cause more harm than good, so they fight it.  Roger and the people of believe BU will cause the most good the most quickly, so they support it.  And Luke is happy to throw out half the transactions on the network as 'spam', so him and I disagree strongly on what Bitcoin should *be*, but I believe he still fights for what he considers to be the best future of Bitcoin.  
And I don't think you, have bad faith either; I think you are angry at what you see as someone trying to change Bitcoin for the worse.  
I don't see any bad actors anywhere.  What I see are people who have analyzed the same situation and come to wildly different conclusions.  That's human nature.  
Unfortunately somewhere along the line we decided it's better to vilify each other rather than to mutually sit down and compromise on how we can all make Bitcoin better, together.  
@_date: 2017-03-12 08:37:21
It was a proposal with no obvious downsides.  Just about everyone agreed it was a good idea that would be useful.  If you want an economic reason- more useful Bitcoin is more valuable to more people = possibly higher price someday.  
Put differently- CLTV had few or no downsides, and thus reached a real consensus quickly, thus it was activated quickly (the only delay was to make sure enough nodes/miners had bothered to upgrade to the new software).  
SegWit is different- lots of people don't think SegWit is a good idea, it doesn't have anything close to consensus.  Even if it has consensus among Core developers, it doesn't have consensus among miners or users.  Thus, those who support it signal for it and those who don't, don't.  
This is IMHO one of the coolest parts of Bitcoin- how the network can vote on changes to itself in a real time, binding manner.  We have multiple proposals in play, and the people who make up the network will choose what they feel is the best one.  It's about as direct as democracy can get.  
I just wish mining was less centralized...
@_date: 2016-01-17 14:04:38
Some miners do mine empty blocks.  If anything, that makes bigger blocks even more of a priority- if 1 out of 10 blocks are empty, that means the network's *effective* transaction capacity is 900KB/10mins, not 1MB/10mins.  
So while 2MB blocks won't stop empty blocks, they will provide capacity to handle the transactions that weren't included in the empty block.  
Also there are various improvements in progress that will reduce the incentive for empty blocks.  Miners mine empty blocks because they can transfer the block faster than a full block.  New ideas like Thin Blocks could greatly reduce (by 70% or more) the bandwidth required to transmit a block, which would make miners far more likely to avoid empty blocks since the full block wouldn't take much longer to transmit.  
The basic idea behind thin blocks is that a block contains transactions that a node already has in mempool, so why transmit them again?  Just send the block headers without the actual transactions.  A node will then pull the transactions out of its own mempool and reassemble the full block that way.  Since the headers are a tiny part of the block, this makes things far more efficient.
@_date: 2017-03-13 02:34:02
Oh I got that point.  I consider 'the market' to be a level removed from the nodes, miners, etc- all are part of the market but the market also includes a lot of users who don't run nodes or miners.  
But you say 'that violate SegWit'.  I am not saying any blocks would 'violate' SegWit.  
Let's say you have three miners, and the block height is 1000 (for example).  
The first miner mines block 1001, which contains SegWit transactions.  
The second miner ignores block 1001 because it has SegWit transactions, and mines his own block 1001 that has no SegWit content.  
The third miner, like the second miner, doesn't like SegWit.  So he mines block 1002 on top of the second miner's block.  This is now the longest chain.  
The next miner, whether they support SegWit or not, will mine block 1003 on top of the third miner's block 1002 and ignore the orphaned SegWit block.  
As long as there are more anti-SegWit miners than there are neutral miners or pro-SegWit miners, this will happen continually and no SegWit blocks will make it into the chain.  
At no point has anybody 'violated SegWit', they are just choosing not to mine on top of SegWit blocks.  This orphans the SegWit blocks and effectively locks them out of the network.  
If a majority of miners do this, then whoever is mining SegWit blocks will quickly stop because they're losing their block rewards...
@_date: 2017-03-19 10:28:58
I suggest keep an open mind, don't assume Wu is under influence.  Besides, if you replace 'government' with 'blockstream', replace 'miners' with 'users', and this post would fit nicely in 'the other subreddit' and get lots of anti-Core replies.  
Therefore I think it's important to not assume hostile intent or conspiracy where there is a good other explanation.  
I don't think Jihan Wu, or Adam Back, or the Core devs, have bad intent.  I've seen no evidence of bad actions on behalf of any developers.  There is just strong disagreement on how to make Bitcoin better.  
I think Jihan Wu and the other miners who support BU are simply doing what they feel will make Bitcoin better, just like the miners who support SegWit are doing what they feel will make Bitcoin better.  
I also suggest talk more with people who support BU.  I think if you let people explain why they support BU you would realize more that people have valid reasons for supporting it.  There may be lots of disagreement on whether those reasons are correct, but they are valid and non-malicious.  
@_date: 2016-01-18 06:50:34
FWIW, if you go to that thread, the top post is Gavin himself saying that he immediately regretted saying it because he knew it'd be taken out of context on Reddit.  
He was NOT telling the Core devs "You're fired", he was saying that expanding the block size by a reasonable amount is something that *should not* be hard for a competent developer to do.  
@_date: 2017-03-07 04:22:49


From what I know about it, it sounds like an acceptable idea.  Lots of miners have been signalling BIP100 for some time.  If you can get Core developers and supporters to agree to BIP100, I would support it and I'm sure a lot of other 'big block' supporters would also.  


Satoshi suggested 10 months for a 'flag day' activation.  IE, on day X this will happen whether you want it to or not.  That 10 months is then used to upgrade miners, nodes, and users.
Classic and XT (and, for the record, SegWit) have threshold activations- they only activate once a majority of miners are already running the right software.  That takes out a large portion of the activation delay.  
For the record- SegWit uses the same activation methodology as Classic, only with an even shorter activation period (2016 blocks, aka about 2 weeks).  That's the time from when it's activated by 95% miner vote to when it starts actually doing SegWit stuff.  


Citation needed.  What makes you think people wanted it to be dangerous?  


That may be true, my point is not to argue the technical merits of SegWit.  A lot of people (including people much smarter than myself) don't like it, and a lot of people (including people much smarter than you) do like it.  My point is that it has criticism which is preventing it from getting more than ~20-30% miner support, and unless that changes, how good or bad it is doesn't matter.  


I think the idea is based on how orphan blocks are created and passed over relatively frequently.  I admit having everybody agree is far more technically elegant though.  
@_date: 2017-03-22 00:04:50
Why is BU a "hostile takeover attempt" but SegWit, or UASF, or changing the PoW, are not (even though all are controversial)?  
For that matter, if we ever do change consensus protocol, how exactly are we supposed to do it?  Because Bitcoin has grown big enough that you will NEVER get 100% agreement for any change anymore.  
BU is no more a hostile takeover than a new politician's candidacy is to the incumbent candidate.  It's a vote, a way of democratically changing the direction of Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-03-19 12:17:05
I don't claim to be all knowing or all seeing.  
If you've got a specific accusation or reason why you feel Jihan Wu is acting in bad faith, don't be shy, come out and say it.  If I've missed some action of his that proves he's a bad dude, I'd love to know about it so I can stop saying nice things about him.  
Absent that though, I recognize at least the possibility that different people reasonably have different beliefs about the best way to scale, so I don't hold anybody's beliefs against them or assume they're acting in bad faith.  
@_date: 2017-03-12 22:44:02


Okay let's run that.  The remaining 65% of miners simply ignore the SegWit blocks from the 35% SegWit supporters.  It doesn't cost THEM any profit, it only costs the SegWit supporters their block rewards as their blocks get orphaned.  
As for the nodes, unless they are programmed to ignore a longer chain with more work when a shorter / less work SegWit chain exists, which would be both highly controversial and extremely dangerous, they will start on the SegWit chain but once the non-SegWit chain gets longer than the SegWit chain they will abandon the SegWit chain and resync to the longer chain.  The SegWit block(s) will be orphaned.  
There are no blocks that 'violate SegWit' from the non-SegWit chain, just standard blocks that don't happen to have SegWit transactions in them.  
@_date: 2016-01-26 11:13:56
First, you have to understand this is a Satoshi-specific problem.  There are a lot of coins in very early wallets that have gone untouched for years.  Lots of people have done analysis on these and concluded that several of them are most likely Satoshi's coins.  Thus, if ANYthing happens to these coins, it will be front page news.  
This problem doesn't apply to others, just Satoshi.  Tracking any other individual wallet is a lot harder.  
If I were Satoshi and I wanted a Tesla, I'd pick the very latest address I had, something that wasn't on the list of 'probable satoshi wallets' and spend that.  
@_date: 2017-03-14 03:10:46
Forget 51%, what if it's 75% or 90%?  Is that still an 'attack'?  Or is that a majority making itself known?  
If 75-90% of miners choose to run Bitcoin Unlimited, is that an 'attack'?  How about if someone wrote a client that implements SegWit as a hard fork; would that be an 'attack'?  
I think the word 'attack' is thrown around far too liberally these days.  An attack is when someone wants to steal money or cause a problem.  People voting for changes that they think will improve the network are not 'attackers'.  
@_date: 2016-06-20 06:31:12
The reason is because those sites get a ton of money from recurring subscriptions.  They'll charge you some tiny monthly fee which you'll then forget about and keep paying for a long time because it'll have a nondescript name like Internet Services Pro Corp Inc (most people don't want CumFuckMeNow.com on their credit card bill...).  Bitcoin doesn't support recurring payments (except through Coinbase), it's just a one time fee.  That means chances are the customer will pay the fee once, download a bunch of stuff, and then not come back for months if at all.  
@_date: 2017-03-21 22:50:35
That's not a bad strategy, but I'd encourage caution as a lot of people talk about decentralization but use it to push really crap arguments.  It's become a talking point, with little actual meaning behind it.
@_date: 2016-06-20 07:08:10
A couple of them do...
Also many of them have never heard of Bitcoin.  And there are a couple of payment processors that cater JUST to the porn industry, once they've integrated CCBill or something like that, integrating Bitcoin is a cost they'd have to take on with questionable return.  
@_date: 2017-03-19 14:37:41
Well just to keep the timeline straight- the mining function was removed before it was renamed to Core.  So your bitcoin-qt might not have had a mining function, depending on when you ran it...
@_date: 2016-01-16 13:04:47
You misunderstand.
SegWit may well have released code in the next ~month.  This would not surprise me.  
And if everybody that used Bitcoin ran Bitcoin-core and upgraded to the latest version as soon as it was released, that would be a simple drop in upgrade.  But that is not the case.
In reality, there are many, many different wallet systems and payment systems involved in the Bitcoin ecosystem.  Not all of them run Bitcoin-Core, and many of the ones that do use additional software that won't yet understand SegWit transactions.  The ones that don't run Core are usually running something they built themselves.  
That means that once SegWit is released, at that point all those hundreds of other independent systems will BEGIN their own process of evaluating SegWit and integrating it into their own systems.  Many of the smaller ones might just ignore SegWit- the cost of implementing SegWit might be greater than the transaction fees they'd save with smaller transactions.  The larger ones have a dev/qa/release cycle which may be many weeks or months long.  
My point is- when SegWit is 'ready to use' means absolutely nothing, because the benefit doesn't start to happen until most people *are already using it*.  
So if you want to bet that SegWit will be mainstream adopted before Classic has release worthy code, I'll absolutely take that bet (although you'd be a fool to make such a bet).  
If you want to bet that SegWit will be mainstream adopted before Classic's 2MB upgrade is voted in and accepted, that might be a slightly more balanced bet.  Want to take me up on that?  :)
@_date: 2017-03-12 09:14:23
I suspect it would.  It's a non-controversial feature, which has few if any downsides and adds very little technical debt going forward.  
That said, depending on who proposed it, there would definitely be some opposition by default.  Our community has been split into two camps :( and to a lot of people on both sides whatever the other camp does is obviously wrong and needs to be strongly opposed.  
It's really quite sad; I've participated in a great many online communities over the years, and I've seen a lot of 'forum drama', but I've literally never seen a community so united and positive split this hard, this fast and go this negative for so long :(.  
@_date: 2016-06-20 11:23:38
Sure you can do that.  But unlike credit cards or even paypal, there's no way for the publisher to manage or track it, or a simple mechanism to start/stop it.  
So for example, the publisher could say "pay X btc every 30 days to this address and we will keep your account active", and you could do that, but it'd just be a series of one-off transactions that are automatically initiated.  Or you could pay it yourself manually.  But if you cancel, the only way for the publisher to know is to see that the payment didn't come in.  
Most importantly though, there's no simple automated way to make it start happening, no 'click here and select 'approve' to sign up'.  You'd have to manually put the details into your wallet of where to pay, when to pay, how much to pay, etc.  
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:41:01


Just because an argument has a counterargument doesn't mean it's refuted / is a lie.  As per my mention of technical debt- if the BU supporter says 'SegWit adds technical debt!' and the SegWit supporter says 'no, SegWit really removes longer term technical debt!', that doesn't mean the BU supporter is wrong/lying.  
I added a disclaimer because I wanted to answer the user's question without getting into a tit for tat argument over whether SegWit is the salvation of Bitcoin or literally worse than Hitler.  
I'm curious though, of what I said, what specifically do you consider to be an 'obvious lie'?  
@_date: 2017-03-06 23:58:45
Honest question:
How is Bitcoin-Core (centrally decided block size by a small team of developers) less centralized than distributed decision of block size (all miners can participate and dedicate their hash power to the pool that supports their preferred size)?  
I think having a small group of software devs decide for everybody is more 'fully centralized' than letting miners as a whole decide...
@_date: 2016-03-05 17:34:40


I agree with this.  However, exchange like Coinbase provide an essential service that Bitcoin can't live without.  And Coinbase makes it very, very easy for Joe User to get started in Bitcoin.  
More importantly, if you don't like centralization, then you shouldn't want to push transactions into private ledgers.  When blocks fill up and blockchain transactions become unreliable and require unpredictable fees, that's exactly what happens.  Right now I'd have a lot more confidence sending someone money over Coinbase (and having it happen instantly in their private ledger) than sending them money via the Blockchain...
So consider that the actions of Core (who you seem to support) may have exactly the consequence you hope to avoid...
@_date: 2016-06-22 21:17:16
It's because all Bitcoin payments are 'push' payments rather than 'pull' payments.  
Credit cards are always 'pull' payments.  You supply a merchant with a piece of information (your credit card # etc) and they use that to pull money out of your account.  This is inherently insecure because anybody who has that information (which you have to give out regularly) can then pull money from your account, meaning you need all kinds of reactive fraud controls and behavioral modeling and the like to catch fraud.  
Bitcoin on the other hand is a 'push' payment.  You decide to send money to someone else, and they are notified that it has arrived.  They can request money with a QR code or link, but the payment is initiated by you.  Bitcoin has no provision for 'pull' payments because that is antithetical to the principles on which Bitcoin operates- a transaction is signed by you, not by the merchant.  
So if you want a subscription, or any other kind of auto billing, you need an extra layer- a way for the merchant to communicate with your wallet and request that it send recurring payments (which you can then approve).  There's been some work done in this arena but nothing ready for primetime yet.  
@_date: 2016-01-28 07:44:09
Glad to be of help.
One thing that's worth keeping in there though, is that while Bitcoin offers less *account risk* on a per-transaction basis, it has a higher degree of *overall account risk*.  
If I leave my Visa card in a bar and someone snags it, I just call Visa and any transactions which happen after I lose my card disappear.  I have to waste a bunch of time dealing with that, but I don't lose any actual money.
OTOH if I leave my private key on my cell phone and leave my phone in a bar, unless it's password-protected and I have a backup, there's no helping me.  Anyone who finds the phone can take whatever BTC are on that key, and unless I have a backup of the key, I can't get my own money back.  
So all the fees and such that credit cards charge DO have a benefit for consumers- they make security idiot proof.  Bitcoin users must be responsible and knowledgeable for their own security, and if they are not there is no recourse.  
This is something anybody planning to use BTC must understand.
@_date: 2016-06-14 03:51:23
Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt.  
Put simply- negative stuff that's usually at least somewhat misinformation put out to reduce people's confidence in a thing.  
So if I told you that Bitcoin is only used by criminals, that the government will come after you for using it, that it's insecure and you will lose all your money, and that the price will drop below $100 before the year ends, that would all be considered "Spreading FUD".  
@_date: 2017-03-14 22:11:48
Sure- basically variations on the double spend attack (please read the whole thing before you disagree with this...)
Let's say about half of nodes support SegWit and a minority of miners have active SegWit support.  
A pays B with a SegWit transaction, which is relayed and mined by a non-SegWit miner in block # 1001.  C sees the 'anyone-can-spend' transaction, and spends it to themself.  This transaction is then confirmed, again by a non-SegWit miner, in block # 1002.  C has now stolen the money A was trying to pay B, and that transaction has confirmed.  
SegWit nodes and miners may reject block # 1002 and try to mine their own copy of block # 1002 without C's transaction, but unless SegWit miners are a majority, the block with C's fraudulent transaction will get mined on top of and eventually become impossible to remove once it has 6 confirmations.  
Now before you tear me to shreds- existing SegWit has a protection against this in that it won't activate until 95% of miners signal SegWit support.  This effectively prevents the above attack, which only works when SegWit miners are a minority.  
However unless SegWit *nodes* are a big majority, this attack would work for 0-conf transactions.  Now the fraudulent transaction might never confirm, but I'm also opposed to anything that further kills 0-conf (which I really hope will be useful once again).  
@_date: 2017-08-22 23:58:08
I was not attempting to.  You gave me very little to work with, so I made an assumption about your argument.  Perhaps it was incorrect.  
You want people to not straw man you?  Post arguments that are more than one word long.  
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:31:54
Oh I'm not worried about it.  I was just talking semantics.  I suppose 'outside the block' is not the most technically correct way to talk about witness data, but it's a simple enough explanation for most people.  
Since the Cash fork and NYA compromise, very very few people would seriously argue that SegWit shouldn't be part of Bitcoin, so anyone who refuses to support it at this point is not too smart.  Even if you don't use SegWit transactions, they will become popular so your nodes should be able to validate them.  
@_date: 2016-06-20 09:12:42
Seems unlikely I think.  Even minors have access to credit cards, like prepaid gift cards...  I don't think keeping minors out has been a huge priority for porn sites in quite a while.  Places like PornHub show plenty of hardcore stuff right on the front page, not even an "I promise I'm 18!" click through...
@_date: 2017-01-09 05:32:35
This is the same thing Dwolla did (remember them?)  For a while they were a great way to get USD in or out of an exchange, then they decided no more BTC deals and cut off all the exchanges.  They tried to make a go as a payment provider, and recently cut off all user-to-user transactions (only user-to-business or business-to-business now)...
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:48:51
**That brings us to 2017.**
**Full Blocks**  
Bitcoin blocks were are still capped at 1MB.  That means only 1MB worth of transactions can fit in a block, and the others that are waiting either wait longer or eventually are dropped.  The way Core implemented the drop algorithm, the lowest fee transactions get dropped and the highest fee transactions get confirmed in blocks, meaning that once blocks hit 1MB you are basically bidding against all other users for block space.  
Starting in mid-February 2017, blocks started to be reliably full all the time.  That meant that for the first time, average transaction load had outpaced network capacity, and the network started throwing away valid transactions that had low fees.  
Pretty much overnight, transaction fees shot through the roof.  Previously about 5c-30c/transaction, by March 2017 transaction fees were up to 90c, and by June were up to $5.  This made Bitcoin unusable for any sort of small payments, like buying coffee or digital music.  
Bitcoin users began to look for alternatives.  Many left and switched to Ethereum, which offered much faster transaction confirmations (15sec vs Bitcoin's 10+ mins) and much lower fees.  Bitcoin went from being 85+% of the crypto market, to under 50% of the total crypto market.
**SegWit2X**  
SegWit2X came out of a series of meetings in New York, and was an attempt to compromise.  Basically it amounted to activating SegWit now, with a promise to increase the block size limit to 2MB a few months later.  This compromise was quickly accepted by miners and most Bitcoin companies, and activated on the network.  SegWit has thus locked in on the main Bitcoin blockchain and will be fully active soon.  
**Bitcoin Cash**  
While this was going on, a separate group of developers decided that Core's decision process and everything related to it was unfixably broken, and the only solution was an intentional hard fork of the currency.  So they did a flag day split- on August 1, the intentional hard fork happened.  Cash nodes and miners adopted a new set of consensus rules which increased the block size to 8MB, specifically do NOT support SegWit, and intentionally made themselves incompatible with the rest of the Bitcoin network.  Thus Bitcoin Cash became a totally separate currency, splitting on August 1 but sharing the same block history before the 1st.  That means anyone who held Bitcoin on August 1 now also holds the same amount of Bitcoin Cash, which can be spent using the same private keys as that Bitcoin uses.  
As of this writing, Bitcoin Cash is worth about $670, having peaked at over $1,200.  
**Where we are today**
Today, Bitcoin Cash is off to a good start.  SegWit is locked in and will fully activate soon.  
The current problem is, none of the existing Core developers supported 2x, even though much of the Bitcoin ecosystem does.  So now Core has more or less announced that they're not going to support the 2MB increase, and the latest patches to Core show that it will disconnect from any 2x-supporting nodes shortly before the increase happens.  However since 91% of the miners are claiming to support 2x, that may leave Core in the difficult position of having to hastily increase their block size limit should the 2x component activate, or accept that they are no longer the 'reference implementation' of Bitcoin.  
Core fans are saying miners should abandon the 2x part of SegWit2x and just go with SegWit alone.  
The Bitcoin community is still fractured, although slightly less so.  The most vocal supporters of a block size increase are now mostly focused on Bitcoin Cash.  The most vocal SegWit supporters now have their SegWit.  And the moderates are now debating whether to go through with 2x or not.  
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2017-08-03 00:50:03


Fork it.  That's what happens in the open source world when an incumbent dev team isn't doing a good job and a new team wants to take over.  Then as you say, the market (of ideas, of users, or of money) will decide.  If the forkers are morons the fork will go nowhere.  If the forkers are correct the fork will prosper.  And maybe the fork goes in a new direction so there's a market for both.  
This is exactly what happened.  Some people thought they could do better than Core, whipped up some changes, and forked both the code and the blockchain.  So far it seems the fork is quite successful, having executed without technical problems and then quickly establishing a respectable market price.  
And FWIW, I'm really happy with the current situation.  I've always been a 'big blocker' proponent of on-chain scaling, if only so that off-chain systems like Lightning are an option (may the best transaction type win) rather than a requirement (use this or your transaction will be stuck for days).  
The thing that I'm really excited about is how the Bitcoin community overall can stop fighting with itself and get back to pushing adoption of Bitcoin.  For the first time in over a year, the prospect of Amazon.com accepting Bitcoin is a positive thing as it would bring adoption, rather than a negative thing that would overload+crash the network.  Sure there'll be two different teams working on this from different directions, but I don't think that's a terribly bad thing.  
What I'm really hoping happens is that processors like BitPay become a major focus again, and diversify so a BitPay merchant can take BTC, BCC, ETH, DASH, etc.  That will be good for all of us.  
@_date: 2017-08-02 10:04:21
I'm not sure 'stole' is the right word.  The name 'bitcoin' isn't trademarked or copyrighted.  
However I think the use of the name is appropriate, because it's a fork of the Bitcoin blockchain.  Any dilution of the brand is accompanied also by dilution of the customer base, as some BTC users switch to BCC.  However I don't think that's something that can be complained about, that's just users making a choice. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:08:18
What, you mean the difficulty adjustment thing?  I don't think that'll be a long term issue, especially once the hash power increases...
@_date: 2017-08-05 22:10:10
Definitely the most convoluted step.  
Circle was doing it but got sick of it and quit.  Coinbase is still doing it, but they're one of the few.  BitPay does it but only as a merchant service thing so they avoid most AML/KYC crap.  
I think merchant services are the real missing link though, and also not the hardest.  If BitPay started to diversify, accept not just BTC but also BCH/ETH/DASH/whatever else, that would be really huge.  It would mean a merchant could just hang a 'we accept cryptocurrency!' sign and everybody is covered.  
It also means that all the altcoins suddenly become useful as a transactional currency...
@_date: 2016-01-28 00:36:03
So Gavin Andresen (Satoshi's chosen successor), Mike Hearn, Jeff Garzik, these are all developers we should ignore?  
If it was really a case of users vs devs, you'd have a point.  But it's not.  Lots of very smart developers want increased block sizes.  
@_date: 2017-08-24 14:16:16
But the witness data doesn't get sent to non-segwit nodes.  That's why it's a soft fork- because the non-SW nodes see a '1MB block' even though with witness data it's &gt;1MB.  
@_date: 2017-08-02 04:19:23
Amen to that.  
I am really sick of hearing about how 'evil power hungry wannabe devs want to fork Bitcoin as a pump and dump scamcoin' or how 'bank-funded egomaniacs at BlockstreamCore want to destroy Satoshi's vision'.  
I don't see any bad actors here.  I see a lot of talented, passionate, highly driven people, who fundamentally disagree on what direction Bitcoin should take.  
And the sad thing is, it's not even the devs (Core, BU, BCC, etc) that are doing it, it's fanboys on each side that are convinced their way is the right way and anyone who feels different is evil/malicious/corrupt.  
What we have now is the best for all of us.  The two visions for Bitcoin can proceed simultaneously and separately; freed of the influence of the other group they can each innovate on their own terms.  We will all benefit from this, as the best ideas from each group will bubble to the top and (as is the nature of open source) sometimes be shared by the other group.  
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:02:22
Core was not a part of the New York Agreement, and has not endorsed or accepted the SegWit2x proposal.  
Core has published an official statement on SegWit2x which you can read here:  
  
(note- btc1 is the project that adds SegWit2x support to Bitcoin)  
While the statement doesn't explicitly say Core WILL NOT support the 2x hard fork, it does express concern about 2x.  
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:48:27
Sure, here we go.  
**Background**  
Bitcoin has 'consensus rules'.  These are rules that are enforced by every node on the network; a transaction or block that does not follow consensus rules will be rejected.  These rules include things like how Bitcoins are created, how the difficulty of mining blocks is set, etc.  So if I wanted to mine a block with 0 difficulty that gave me a block reward of 999999BTC, I could do this, but every other node and miner would reject my block because 1. my block reward does not follow consensus and 2. my difficulty does not follow consensus.  Thus my block would be ignored and orphaned.  
Changing consensus rules is difficult.  If you release a new software version with different consensus rules, the people on the new version will be running different rules than the people still on the old version.  That can create a fork- where the network splits in two, and each side ignores the other side's blocks because they violate the consensus rules and are thus invalid.  Thus changing consensus needs agreement from a large majority of the network, and the change must be planned in order to avoid forks.  More on that a bit later.  
Several years ago, back when Satoshi was still with us, he added a consensus rule that blocks can be no more than 1MB in size.  At the time, blocks were under 100KB so hitting 1MB blocks was years away.  This was designed as a sort of last ditch spam filter- if someone wanted to spam the network, this would at least rate limit how much crap they could pump into the Blockchain.  
It was pointed out that we'd eventually hit 1MB blocks.  Satoshi suggested a simple way around this- a 'flag day' upgrade.  Flag day is where you pick some future time and say 'at this moment, everybody switches from old consensus rules to new consensus rules'.  So you pick some date several months or years away and say 'as of that date the new block size is 2MB'.  As long as you do this well in advance, nobody will notice the difference.  
Then Satoshi disappeared.  He left Gavin Andresen as head maintainer of the Bitcoin-core code project.  
Gavin however didn't want to coordinate development, he wanted to write code.  So he stepped down from that post and Wladimir van der Laan took over.  
Wladimir adopted the policy that changing consensus rules requires a full consensus with overwhelming support for the change.  This was all fine, except a few prominent Bitcoin developers didn't think the block size limit should be raised.  They felt that we should hit the block size limit and have full blocks, creating a situation where only the highest fee transactions confirm and the rest are rejected (a 'fee market').  They felt this was a good thing because 1. having smaller blocks makes it easier to run a full node and thus increases decentralization, and 2. increased transaction fees from transactions fighting for block space will be better in the long run for miners.  
Since there was no consensus, per Wladimir's policy the consensus rules did not change.  This left a few people like Gavin Andresen and Mike Hearn fighting for a change, but never getting it.  This situation persisted from ~2012 to ~2015.  
**Bitcoin XT**
In 2015, Gavin and Mike decided that Core's development process was broken, and a new approach was needed.  So they created another Bitcoin software called Bitcoin-XT.  XT was based on the original Core code, but it had one major change- miners who run it tag their blocks as being XT blocks.  Once a high enough % of blocks have the XT tag, a countdown starts, and once that countdown ends the consensus rules change and the block size is raised to 8mb, doubling every two years after that.  This would allow a 'safe' consensus rule change.  
This as you can imagine created a lot of debate and argument within the Bitcoin community.  However that came to a head when both and the bitcointalk web forum instituted a new policy that since XT was not compatible with Core's consensus rules, it was not actually Bitcoin, and thus should not be discussed or promoted on his Bitcoin forums.  
Now I've been in a lot of online communities for a long time, and I have never seen a community split so hard, so fast.  Immediately fans of XT accused Core fans of censorship.  Core fans accused Gavin/Mike/XT fans of trying to subvert a democratic process and maliciously take over Bitcoin.  It got really, really ugly, and was created for people who supported XT and otherwise raising the block size limit.  XT adoption started to increase.  There was some debate among miners, who were both 1. not ready to abandon Core and Core's developers, and 2. thought maybe 8MB was too much.  
Then the DDoS attacks started- some unknown person started flooding all XT nodes with garbage data, knocking them off the Internet.  This kicked a great many XT nodes offline, and was the beginning of the end for XT.  After a few months, Mike Hearn 'ragequit', writing a long blog post saying he thought Bitcoin as a whole had failed and he was moving on to other things.  
**SegWit**  
Around this time, Core developer Pieter Wuille came up with an alternate proposal called Segregated Witness (SegWit).  Since most of the space in the block is used by transaction signatures ('witness data'), Pieter suggested moving that data outside of the block into a secondary data 'backpack'.  Through some formatting hacks, existing Bitcoin nodes would see the transaction as a valid transaction (but couldn't verify the signatures), while SegWit nodes would see the external signature data and fully verify the transactions.  Because this left a potential vulnerability, SegWit had an even higher activation threshold of blocks than XT did.  
SegWit was controversial.  Opponents point to the fact that a non-SegWit node will see a SegWit transaction as not having signatures, thus it's an 'anyone can spend this' transaction.  Opponents also complained that SegWit introduced several new (much more complex) transaction types, which would add 'technical debt' (lots of code you have to keep working later, even if you decide it was a bad idea).  
SegWit supporters said the new transactions fixed a problem called 'malleability' (an issue where you can make two transactions with the same transaction ID), and that the new transaction types enable Bitcoin to connect to sidechains (secondary blockchains which would handle daily transactions, while Bitcoin's blockchain is used for overall settlements).  
SegWit opponents said that would remove Bitcoin's use as a transactional currency, and force people to use sidechains.  
This debate went on for some time.  
However even if SegWit activated, it wouldn't change consensus rules, so according to Wladimir's policy it did not require full consensus to implement.  Work on SegWit began shortly after it was proposed.  
**Bitcoin Classic**
Some months later, Gavin and others came up with a new proposal- Bitcoin Classic.  Classic used the same block percentage signaling activation as XT did, but with a more conservative result- block size would get a one time increase to 2MB.  This was designed to appease miners.  Adoption of Classic started to gain some traction.  However a number of Core developers then flew to China (most major miners are in China) for a meeting, and the result was the 'Hong Kong Roundtable Agreement'.  It basically specified a timeline for when Core would have SegWit code ready for deployment, and a promise that a real block size increase would follow shortly thereafter.  In exchange, miners would stop running Bitcoin Classic.  
With this agreement in place, followed by some more DDoS attacks on Classic nodes, adoption of Classic ground to a halt.  Classic was essentially dead.  
There was more animosity on forums, lots of personal attacks- Core fans said Classic was just a hostile attack / takeover and would push small nodes off the network, Classic fans said Core wanted to logjam Bitcoin for the benefit of Blockstream (a private company that employs several Core developers, and arguably stands to profit from use of sidechains).  
**Bitcoin Unlimited**  
The next attempt at increasing the block size was in early 2016, called Bitcoin Unlimited.  After several years of this, the idea was 'let's never have this problem ever again, ever'.  Unlimited removes the block size limit from consensus rules entirely, instead making block size limit a user-configurable thing.  To prevent this from causing forks, Unlimited also checks for how popular bigger-than-limit blocks are- if more than X blocks above its set limit are accepted by the network, it will ignore its own setting and accept those blocks.  This process was called *emergent consensus*, as in, the network will collectively decide what the limit should be and a consensus will emerge.  
BU had more hostility on both sides, but was gaining traction.  For a while, 30-50% of blocks were supporting BU, a good bit more than were supporting SegWit, but still a stalemate with neither proposal getting activated.  This situation persisted for a several months.  
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:24:53
Try this    
@_date: 2017-08-02 10:33:30
Remember BCH and its backers didn't 'create' value, they created a token which was assigned value by others.  If it wasn't for the people buying BCC on exchanges, BCC would be a laughingstock soon to exist only in history books.  
I could make my own hard fork of Bitcoin and call it Bitcoin EDC.  Would you buy it?  I'm guessing probably not.  Neither would anybody else, thus its value would be zero.  
Splits may be a thing, but unless a lot of people want those splits, they will go nowhere but the dust bin of history.  
@_date: 2016-06-06 18:04:05
Came here to say this.  Dorian for Satoshi '16!
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:14:40
Serious honest question- why would it need more time?  There are several hard fork implementations already coded (for other proposed hard forks that never happened), plus all the code from Bitcoin Cash that could be modified to use within Bitcoin.  If this is a priority, it could be done (and tested) fairly quickly.  
Adoption might take more time for nodes (many of which run on hosted instances or embedded gadgets that aren't frequently touched) and that's a valid reason for some caution.  
But you are right the Core devs and 2x leaders need to talk.  From what I gather of reading a few GitHub convos, 2x leaders would love to involve Core, but Core devs have no interest in merging a hard fork.  
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:12:41
Glad to be of service.
As the old saying goes, the first casualty of any war is always the truth.  I think that applies to some degree on both sides here.  
IMHO, when you drill down, the real conflict isn't about block size, it's about who does and does not have the authority to change Bitcoin (especially change consensus rules).  
Core supporters would argue that such changes have to go through Core's BIP vetting process and implementing a possible change without this process is a hostile action.  
Cash / 2x supporters would argue that nobody is 'in charge' of Bitcoin, it's the hashpower that ultimately sets the rules and Core is just the first dev group among others; therefore anyone can implement a possible change and if the hashpower supports it then it happens.  
Mix in a LOT of bad blood and accusations of attacks and hostility, and you have the current situation today :(
@_date: 2017-08-27 14:24:08
Fair points.  There are a smaller number of users who generate the majority of transactions.  It however remains to be seen how much they adopt it.  
So far not terribly fast-   under 1% of transactions in a block are SegWit currently...
@_date: 2017-08-22 20:38:35
Care to elaborate on that?  Why are miners, the ones who make the very blocks on which the network is based, not an important part of the equation?
If you're going to say miners aren't important, then I'd argue if that's true nodes aren't important either and it's actually economic users who are important.  Because if users aren't using the network to conduct business, then we're all just a bunch of crypto nerds circle jerking each other.  
@_date: 2017-08-24 09:35:13
I think a lot of people were never really clear on what SegWit actually IS (and isn't).  
A lot of people assume SegWit is some gift from the heavens, that if it only activates it will fix every problem and make the backlog go away and make fees go down and take us TO THE MOON as soon as it activates.  
The reality is that SegWit is largely just a new transaction format which stores its signatures separately from transaction data, in a way that's easily separated off for relaying to non-SegWit nodes.  It will take some time before it gets adopted and used in any significant measure, and even then the actual effect will be moderate- even if 100% of the transactions in a block are SegWit transactions, you've still only got (depending on the specifics of the transactions) 2-3MB or so worth of transaction space.  That's if 100% of transactions are SegWit transactions, which won't happen for years if ever- in reality there will be a mix of SegWit and normal transactions so the boost won't be that dramatic.  Until/unless SegWit transactions become the norm, the actual effect will be somewhat less.  
That's not to say that this isn't a good thing.  IMHO, the main benefit of SegWit is enabling other technology like Lightning.  I don't know if Lightning will work as well as some claim, or if it will promote centralization as some others claim, but I want to see it get a chance-- if it sucks then it sucks and we can move on to something else, but if it works it could be a real benefit for everyone and possibly a new era for Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-08-02 14:31:49
Many in the two groups are happy to just demonize each other rather than actually listen to the criticisms of the other side :(  
@_date: 2016-11-03 03:55:49


Well duh, a miner needs at least one node to feed it valid transactions to mine and broadcast the transactions.  
And while it's agreed that Satoshi wasn't the world's greatest coder, I don't think anyone has taken any issue with his *vision*.  


Because if you're ordering the miners in bulk, or even better manufacturing them yourself, the acquisition cost is much much lower than it would be for me to just order one or two.  
Investing $10 million in a shipment of 10,000 top-line ASICs and manufacturing to put them on PCBs, then running them in a cheap warehouse in China where power is very inexpensive, is a financially lucrative proposition.  Investing $500-$1,500 in a couple of pre-assembled mining rigs plus shipping, then running them in my house in Connecticut where power is above national average cost, is not a recipe for profit.  


Because it makes transacting in Bitcoin slow and unreliable.  
Let's say I want to buy a computer on Newegg.  If I use Visa, my transaction will be complete in seconds, and it's guaranteed to work.  The merchant will know exactly what fees get paid.  It's simple and reliable and easy to understand.  
If I use Bitcoin and I don't know about setting transaction fees, my transaction might confirm in hours or days or never.  The merchant has no control over what fees I use.  With a big backlog the merchant won't ship until the transaction confirms, and if I didn't use a big fee that might be tomorrow or it might be a few days from now or the transaction might get pruned out of mempool and never arrive.  If that happens, the merchant needs to waste a CS agent's time to call me and request another payment.  If I'm using a hosted wallet system like Coinbase, that means dealing with a 3rd party company to try and sort out the payment (which Coinbase might have already taken out of my account).  
Given this unpredictable unreliability, where is the incentive for the merchant to adopt Bitcoin?  What does it offer the merchant that Visa doesn't?  I don't see the value proposition for anyone.  
OTOH, even if we ignore 0-conf, if the payment will always confirm within 10-20 mins (as it will with no TX backlog) then all the benefits of Bitcoin aren't outweighed by the drawbacks.  


So then you DON'T think that Amazon adopting Bitcoin would create a giant increase in transaction load?  
Let me ask you directly then:  Do you think Bitcoin could handle a giant increase in transaction load?  Maybe it's not Amazon, maybe it's Western Union, or maybe someone comes out with a killer app that uses Bitcoin.  My point is if we can't handle usage spikes we can't scale, and if we can't scale we won't have adoption.  


Well not quite.  This goes back to Satoshi not being the greatest coder.  
I, along with a great many others, don't think that max block size should be part of consensus code.  If you look at the things that are part of consensus (21 million btc limit, proof of work, difficulty adjustment, etc), the block size limit is the 'odd one out' because it has to (eventually) be changed while all the rest of the consensus code stays almost totally the same.  
Put differently- if we look at the things that are in consensus code, there IS actual consensus among all parties involved on all of those issues, EXCEPT for the max block size.  There never really was actual consensus on the block size limit- Satoshi added it in secret and asked those who noticed it not to say anything about it, because it was a spam filter and he didn't want it known that a spam attack could cripple the network.  When it became a subject of discussion (around 2011-2012) there was always some disagreement about it.  At no point was there ever a full consensus that there should be a 1MB hard limit on block size.  


Yes there are technical reasons, namely technical debt, simplicity, and security.  
1. Security.  If we softfork SegWit, nodes which aren't upgraded will treat SegWit transactions as 'anyone-can-spend'.  How or if this will be a problem is something I've not seen comprehensively addressed.  
2. Technical Debt.  If we roll SegWit now, we're going to be stuck with it forever and ever.  Now I like the benefits of SegWit, but I don't like seeing a whole new transaction type forced on everyone as a scaling solution.  I'd like to see SegWit stand on its own merits.  
3. Simplicity.  If a hard fork activates, then all the hosted wallets, mobile apps, payment gateways, etc have to change one byte of code (or just remove that check entirely).  Under SegWit, they all have to write a whole LOT of new code, which can introduce more bugs.  
Bottom line- since SegWit has more technical complexity, and will be harder for the ecosystem to implement, one could argue that SegWit is the 'political option' (because it's considered politically difficult to effect a hard fork).  
@_date: 2017-08-22 21:46:44
My friend, if you are going to accuse me of a straw man fallacy (setting up a fake version of your argument and knocking it down), your argument must consist of more than 'nah'.  


Isn't that exactly what Satoshi did?  
Miners can choose what blocks they do and don't create.  If every miner decided to use different consensus rules today, the rest of the Bitcoin ecosystem would have to either adapt to those rules or recruit new hashpower.  
Miners can choose which transactions they do and don't mine into blocks.  If miners want to get paid more, they can simply ignore low fee transactions.  
The security of the network is based on the fact that hash power is expensive.  As the ones who own that hash power that's trusted by the network, I think it's fair to say that in a sense they own the network.  
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:42:23
Not quite
The base block is still limited to 1MB, so all the transaction headers and scripts have to fit in that 1MB.  Signatures (aka 'witness data') make up the bulk of the transaction; with SegWit they don't count toward the 1MB limit.  But being limited to 1MB worth of transactions means you're still limited to 3-4MB blocks; the limit is how many signature-less transactions you can pack into 1MB.  That ends up being enough to create a 3-4MB SegWit block.  
Plus you have Non-SegWit transactions, which will still keep their witness data inside the main part of the block.  SegWit does nothing to help them.  
So if EVERY transaction was a SegWit transaction, you could fit 2 or 3 MB worth of them total in but not more; that limit is because the base block is still limited to 1MB worth of signature-less transactions.  
More likely, even once adoption picks up, you'll get a mix of SegWit and non-SegWit transactions in a block, meaning the total size increase will be somewhere around 1.5MB (my guess).  
@_date: 2017-08-22 20:05:08
Nodes, but more so miners.  
Remember the Nakamoto Consensus only guarantees one thing- the chain with the most work wins.  I could pay a cloud provider a few grand and spin up 10,000 fake nodes and have them enforce whatever rules I want.  But unless they are mining transactions into blocks, they have no lasting effect.  
Miners OTOH are voting with their hash power.  If miners support a certain consensus rule, it will happen.  If no miners support it, it won't.  
The only wrinkle to this is mining centralization (something which I don't think Satoshi had foreseen or wanted to happen).  It's unfortunate that 10 or so Chinese guys can decide the future of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is supposed to exist without leaders and celebrities and politicians.  
That goes equal to high profile developers.  I think if Satoshi's biggest contribution was inventing Bitcoin, his 2nd biggest contribution was leaving before it got popular.  That ensured he wouldn't become a celebrity, his every forum post picked apart and used to justify big price swings, or a target for governments and criminals to try and influence.  
@_date: 2017-08-02 22:54:24
I try, and I try to remind people that the other side aren't trying to create failure, we just have different ideas on how to succeed.  Sometimes it works, sometimes not so much :\
@_date: 2017-08-24 22:06:05
There's a problem with looking for total consensus- you'll never get it.  There are a few Core developers who think the block size limit shouldn't be changed for years if ever, and then LukeJr thinks the block size limit should be *reduced*, not increased.  Even though pretty much the entire rest of the ecosystem wants a block size limit, by the Core definition of consensus, it won't happen.  
I also have limited faith in the Core devs *when it comes to this particular issue*.  Gavin had been beating the scaling drum since 2012, and others even before that, but always was told 'we don't have consensus so let's worry about this later'.  They kicked the can down the road too many times, and now there is no more 'later'.  Then they claimed the 'fee market' (aka huge transaction fees) would be a good thing, now most people agree they're a bad thing.  SegWit was marketed as a scaling fix due to its ability to store 2-3MB of transactions in a 1MB block; now that it's here that aspect is downplayed.  
Now I'm not going to accuse them of malice, rather, I think they are choosing their failure risks.  In a project like this there are two types of failure- technical risk (the thing doesn't work as it's supposed to, but does do what we need it to) and practical risk (it works as it's supposed to, but doesn't do what we need it to).  
The analogy I use is this- let's say I'm the IT director at a small company, and I set up an email system with a design capacity of 100 users.  One day the boss comes to me and says they just hired their 101st employee, and asks me to set up an email box for that person.  I tell the boss sorry that can't be done, the 101st person will have to share someone else's email or just send letters.  I then go home proud that my 100 person email system is functioning as designed.  It is a technical success (works for its 100 users), but a practical failure (it doesn't do what the company needs).  
On the other hand, I could add a 101st mailbox.  That might use up too much RAM on the server, making it slow down for everybody.  In that case, my system is a practical success (it serves everybody's email), but a technical failure (it is super slow).  
I think Core is paranoid about technical failure and avoids it at all costs, even if that cost is practical failure.  Because they are coders, their priority (from their POV) is to keep the code running above all else, even if it's not doing what people want.  That's partially where (IMHO) the whole idea of Bitcoin as a settlement medium came from- by shifting transaction load somewhere else, they can redefine the scope of Bitcoin to make their own lives easier (same as if I told the boss to fire the 101st employee).  
Of course in reality if this happened, I would be fired, the boss would hire a new IT person, and that person would just add more RAM in the server to handle the 101st employee.  
Now I'm all for being cautious about consensus, but I also think consensus should be primarily among the people who actually use and mine Bitcoin; the coders shouldn't get a monopoly on decision making.  As Jeff Garzik put it, 


Since Core has shown pretty much no intention of listening to what the community wants, I think it's fair to distrust them on this specific issue.  That doesn't mean I don't trust them on other things- Core devs are some of the most talented coders and cryptographers in the space currently and they have tons of great ideas.  
Finally, I'd point out that the hard fork is only contentious because Core doesn't support it.  91% of the miners support it currently, as do most Bitcoin companies.  If Core embraced it, there'd be full consensus.  
As for Cash and EDA- there someone is obviously gaming the system.  But that is only possible because of the small number of pools currently present.  If adoption of BCH continues there will be more miners and that will become increasingly difficult.  I also wouldn't be surprised to see EDA neutered somewhat or made harder to trigger in a future BCH release.  That would of course be a hard fork change, but if it's rolled out with an activation methodology like a miner vote or flag day it could end up being a safe hard fork.  Besides, even if a minority did reject the change, the majority would accept it and that would end up being the longer chain.  So I'm not too worried there.  
If nothing else, it might be an interesting experiment for on the fly consensus rule changes...
@_date: 2017-08-22 22:25:40
Try to keep up yourself.  You said:


Nowhere in that post did you mention miners, which at least suggested you don't consider them important to the process of enforcing a rule set.  


I don't see how this analogy applies.  Can you explain it?  In what way are miners trying to make their own lives easier?
@_date: 2017-08-23 17:06:25
It's my understanding that while there were a series of 'stress tests' (aka spam transaction floods) they only lasted for short periods of a few days at a time.  
[See this chart](  
I don't think there were spam attacks happening for the entire months of June and the 2nd half of August.  
@_date: 2016-11-25 19:17:38
Great article.  It's good to see some actual first-hand contact with the miners, rather than relying just on a few comments.  
Unless something changes, it doesn't look like SegWit has much of a chance as multiple large mining pools are negative on it...  
@_date: 2017-08-25 05:26:01
You don't NEED SegWit for Lightning, in that it is technically possible to do Lightning without SegWit.  However that makes for a much more complicated Lightning implementation, that may require external trust between payment channels.  
If you're going to do Lightning right, you really want SegWit.  
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:32:11
This brings up a bigger question, what is 'Bitcoin' (or more specifically, who owns the word 'bitcoin')?  
Is Bitcoin the thing produced by the Bitcoin-Core developers?  Or is Bitcoin whatever a majority/consensus of miners/users agree it is?  
If Bitcoin is the thing produced by Bitcoin-Core, then by this view, if everybody except one miner and one user implement SegWit2x, then that one miner and one user are the only 'Bitcoin' users left in the world.  
If the name rests with the dev group, then if Bitcoin-Core makes a large incompatible change (IE change the PoW, change the 21 million coin limit, change how difficulty is adjusted, etc) then even if that forks off 99% of the network, their software is still 'Bitcoin' and everybody else must rename the thing they are running.  
Furthermore, as 'their' software, as long as the Core devs follow their own accepted processes for dealing with changes, they are welcome to make any change to Bitcoin that they want (including changes to consensus rules) and the users should be expected to adopt the new software quickly.  
By this view, Bitcoin-Core has every right to push SegWit or deny a consensus rule change; the SegWit activation threshold was a simple safety measure not a vote, and the miners who refused to adopt it were unnecessarily interfering with the ability of Bitcoin-Core to manage their own network.  
By this view, any incompatible change that doesn't implement replay protection (such as Bitcoin-XT, Bitcoin Unlimited, Bitcoin Classic, and now SegWit2x) is an attack on Bitcoin-Core and their ability to manage their network.  
OTOH, if Bitcoin is what a majority/consensus of people agree it is, then a majority/consensus of the miners/user have ultimate authority.  By this view, if a consensus is reached that SegWit2x should happen, then SegWit2x 'becomes Bitcoin' and if Bitcoin-Core no longer complies with the consensus rules (reached by consensus of the community) then they are no longer part of Bitcoin.  
By this view, if Core makes an incompatible change then they have forked themselves off, and they should rename their project.  
By this view, Core is just the first of many developers, and thus must get an actual consensus of the ecosystem before trying to make major changes to the protocol.  By this view, if they try to make major changes anyway, the community has every right to reject those changes.  
By this view, SegWit's activation threshold was a voting system, to ensure that the ecosystem actually wanted SegWit before it activated.  
By this view, any incompatible change that doesn't implement replay protection (such as Bitcoin-XT, Bitcoin Unlimited, Bitcoin Classic, and now SegWit2x) is not an attack but rather a vote, an opportunity for miners and users to express their preference by choosing to run one software or the other.  
Perhaps this simple concept is behind the entire 'holy war' we've all had going for the last 2-3 years...
@_date: 2016-11-03 04:19:52
no rush :)
Although if you want to bang out half-drunken semi-coherent points, that makes it easier for me to shoot them down, so on second thought please get me a reply as quickly as possible :P
@_date: 2017-08-22 23:44:27
Well you get an F
Person is trying to honestly engage with you and have a respectful discussion, all you do is insult them and their argument.  
For the record, while I have opinions on the matter, I WAS trying to have an actual conversation and learn more about your positions.  
Sadly that didn't happen.  
@_date: 2016-12-05 02:35:55
They have.  This attack has taken place a couple of times about a year ago, ostensibly as a 'stress test'.  
Under the current system, when there are more transactions than the network can handle, transactions with the highest fees get priority and the rest sit in mempool (where transactions that have been broadcast but not confirmed in a block live).  So the 'stress tests' cost the attackers money, and the primary effect on the rest of the network was delays (transactions taking hours or days to confirm) and increased transaction fees.  
As for the various proposals-
Under SegWit, standard transactions are treated just like they are now, so there's no change.  However SegWit transactions have a discounted transaction fee, therefore the attacker could use SegWit transactions instead, although they'd have to generate a larger number of transactions to flood the network.  Miners would still reject zero-fee transactions, meaning the attack would still cost the attacker money.  
Under Bitcoin Unlimited blocks would get larger, but how large would depend on the settings that most miners were using for their max block size.  Miners would still reject zero-fee transactions, meaning the attack would still cost the attacker money.  
Under your original idea (just immediately confirm all transactions), blocks could grow infinitely big because if ALL transactions (including zero-fee transactions) get mined, that means the attacker can generate an infinite number of spam transactions essentially for free.  
@_date: 2017-08-24 13:00:17
I'm not OP but I do support 2x.
I don't personally have a problem with a reasonable extra delay, as long as:  
1. there is a specific articulable reason for the extra delay (not just 'we need more consensus', but like 'as of right now x% of nodes still need to upgrade and that will take time), 
2. the specifics are worked out and coded quickly (within 2 weeks), 
3. the change is supported by Core and is included in Bitcoin-Core, so Core nodes become part of the 2x consensus
So for example if Core was willing to merge the change, I wouldn't mind making the eventual hardfork happen in December or January rather than November.  Beyond that it just gets silly though.
@_date: 2016-11-07 18:11:42
@_date: 2017-08-22 16:30:03


To take the flip side of this-  it seems a large part of the Bitcoin ecosystem wants a hard fork.  By not even considering this as an option, isn't Core just as responsible for creating conflict?  IE, if everyone wants a hard fork except Core, then isn't Core the ones responsible for making the hard for contentious, when they could agree and it would be near-unanimous?  
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:53:29
Well I think the bigger question is block generation.  
If we assume 91% of miners will implement the 2x upgrade, and 9% of miners will continue with the current consensus rules, that will be disruptive but not overly so.  This will create a fork, however the Core fork will have 9% of the hash power but the same difficulty, so blocks on that side will come out only 9% as fast (about one 1MB block per 100 minutes, give or take).  This side of the fork will quickly get way way backlogged.  This will persist until the next difficulty adjustment, which at 10% speed may be as much as 20 weeks away.  I think it's very likely that those 9% of miners would abandon this side of the fork and adopt 2x.  
If this happens, a Bitcoin (not Cash) SPV wallet would have only one network to connect to, so no modification is necessary.  
Now if a significant percentage of miners abandon 2x (so it's closer to 50/50), that becomes problematic because again we have a hard fork but with no obvious winner.  Transactions will work better on the 2x side (because even with 50% hash power, they've got 200% block space, so they'd have the same capacity as Bitcoin does now); however that doesn't make the Core side obviously nonviable.  
If a situation like this happens, and there are multiple persisting forks, that's bad for everyone, and would basically mean a new currency (Bitcoin splits into Bitcoin-Core and Bitcoin-2x; who keeps the name 'Bitcoin' is then a political issue).  
If this happens, hopefully one side or the other will implement replay protection (to keep transactions contained into whichever network they were intended for), and also SPV wallets will have to be updated to choose which side of the network to connect to and which transaction format to use.  
If most miners abandon 2x, then it will simply be a failed hard fork; an orphan chain that dies after some fairly short period.  
The bottom line is there are no hard answers yet, those answers should emerge by October (hopefully) as the hard fork is expected to happen in November.  
@_date: 2016-11-27 22:51:21
Interesting.  What do you suggest we do to address scaling then, if we're not having any sort of fork?  Do you think we should just keep Bitcoin the way it is now forever?  
(This isn't rhetorical, I'm actually curious about your opinion).  
@_date: 2016-11-03 20:17:39
Ah, I've not seen anything about this positive or negative.
@_date: 2017-08-17 22:07:09
6 The toaster contains a private key somewhere, or seed words for a HD wallet, or some kind of storage device
@_date: 2017-08-03 10:42:23
The complaint is (as I understand it) that 'bcash' was a term invented by those who do not support or participate in Bitcoin Cash, who simply wanted BCC to remove the word 'bitcoin' from their name.  
IE, nobody complains about xbone because it's a simple abbreviation of Xbox One.  But if the term xbone was invented and promulgated by Sony, there would be complaints.  
@_date: 2016-11-25 21:22:00
And Wu has said that AntPool won't support SegWit until Core releases a hard fork increase.  Based on what I've seen, that'll happen shortly after pigs fly and hell freezes over.  
Which means that unless something changes, SegWit isn't likely to happen.  
ViaBTC probably has enough hash power alone to block SegWit (especially with the success of their new cloud mining offering), although I'm not sure they'd stay anti-SegWit if there was consensus among all the others.  
Then again, the chatter I've heard suggests at least some of the large miners are becoming disaffected with Core's lack of hard fork.  The Hong Kong agreement said that SegWit should have been ready to go months ago and a Core-supported hard fork would follow shortly thereafter.  SegWit is now pretty much ready, but I've heard no talk of any Core-supported hard forks.  Plus you have the 'well meaning dipshits' comment which tells miners that the signatories of the HK agreement didn't have any authority to promise anything.  
My read is that most of the miners want a hard fork, they just want it from the Core developers and don't want to abandon Core in favor of BU (which is seen as potentially less reliable).  Thus aside from BTCC/BitFury (pro-SegWit) and ViaBTC (anti-SegWit), most of the miners are taking a wait and see attitude.  I suspect the hope is that AntPool and ViaBTC will force Core to release a hard fork, at which point SegWit and a block size increase can be done together.  
I don't think that's likely to happen anytime soon though.  
So the question (IMHO) is whether the miners will run out of patience waiting for Core before Core runs out of resolve to avoid a hard fork.  
These are certainly interesting times...
@_date: 2016-11-03 04:42:53
I've heard nothing of this.  Got any sources (even links to rumors)?
@_date: 2017-08-24 11:58:59
The block in concept yes.  But outside of the current main block structure.  That's how they got around the 1MB consensus issue- by moving the signatures outside the block (in such a way that they won't get sent to non-segwit nodes), you can fit more transactions inside the block without risking an unintentional fork.  
@_date: 2016-11-03 04:19:39
Like I said, that was his stated reason.  I don't claim to speak for him.  
His official title seems to be Chief Scientist at the Bitcoin Foundation.  I suspect that basically means he's paid to do what he's already doing...
@_date: 2016-11-03 03:56:54
Well right now he's focused on the scaling issue.  
When he stepped down as lead maintainer, his reasons were wanting to focus more on the science and research side and less on management.  
I don't claim to know what he's thinking tho.  
@_date: 2016-12-02 19:24:43
Other way around.  Text goes in square brackets, link goes in parentheses.  
@_date: 2016-12-04 02:38:24
Why the downvote?  I'm not advocating either approach, just theorizing as to the options.  
@_date: 2017-08-24 11:26:29
It's not a 100% requirement.  However certain features of SegWit make Lightning a LOT easier to do.  Specifically, SegWit transactions can specify which version of the scripting language they use, which makes it far easier to add additional opcodes in the future without having to precisely duplicate existing behavior or worry about 'wasting' one of the 10 current 'spare' opcodes.  SegWit also tweaks the behavior of OP_CHECKSIG and OP_CHECKMULTISIG to remove the malleability problem.  
As I understand it, the bits Lightning relies on could be done through other means, but in a much more clumsy manner.  
@_date: 2017-08-24 15:25:06
Most of the resistance to SegWit, IMHO, is because people felt like a particular vision for Bitcoin (settlements and sidechains) was being rammed down their throats whether they wanted it or not.  
I think the Bitcoin Cash split will end up being one of the better things to happen to Bitcoin.  There were two very different (and somewhat mutually exclusive) visions for how Bitcoin should go forward, so we had a lot of disagreement.  But now that Cash has split, each side can pursue its vision without being hindered by the other, and the best technologies will get shared back and forth as per the principles of open source.  
That means we can all stop arguing with each other, and go back to innovating, developing new technology without interfering with each others visions.  The best systems will win and everybody will benefit :)
@_date: 2016-12-04 19:46:35
Short version- because then it becomes possible to spam the network.  If all pending transactions always go into a block, then I could generate 50 billion 1-satoshi 0-fee transactions that are just the same ten thousand addresses passing the same satoshi around between each other.  This would create many gigabytes of block data that would flood the network and use up the disk space on node machines.  
Put differently, the problem is that one miner creates the block, then every other Bitcoin node has to get a copy of the block, validate its contents, and store that block indefinitely.  This takes resources (bandwidth/CPU/disk), if it takes up too much resources then people will stop running nodes (which is bad for everyone).  
Now that said, most people agree the network can handle block sizes of 2-4 MB today without any problems.  But that brings us to another technical problem- the block size limit is in consensus code.  Consensus code are the limits every Bitcoin node and miner and wallet agree on- things like that there will only be 21 million Bitcoins, how blocks come out and how difficulty is adjusted, etc.  The things that in theory were never supposed to change.  That means every single Bitcoin node is enforcing a 1MB block size limit, and will reject any &gt;1MB blocks.  That means before any &gt;1MB blocks are created, basically all of the nodes must be upgraded, and that doesn't happen overnight.  
There are various approaches to doing this safely, but choosing one is where politics come in.  
Core advocates 'soft fork SegWit'.  This is a clever hack- a new transaction type stores some of the transaction data outside of the block so it doesn't get counted against the 1MB limit.  Non-upgraded nodes and miners will see these as 'anyone can spend' transactions, so 95% of the miners have to upgrade before it activates.  
This is called a soft fork because once it happens old software will continue to work, but not as well.  
Bitcoin developer Gavin Andresen used to argue in favor of a threshold upgrade and a hard fork block size increase.  That's where a majority of the miners signal support for an upgrade, and then some time after that the upgrade happens automatically.  This is a technically simple upgrade, but slightly more risky- since any nodes that don't upgrade will ignore the new &gt;1MB blocks, you have to upgrade at least all the miners at once, and there can be network disruptions if nodes don't upgrade.  However aside from the upgrade, the change is technically simple- just change the 1 to a 2 (or some other number.  
This is called a hard fork because once it happens old software will stop working, or will form a separate chain that is different from the main Bitcoin chain (which would be bad news all around).  
There's now a proposal called 'Bitcoin Unlimited'.  Under BU, block size is taken out of consensus code and turned into an adjustment.  Each node and miner can select the size limit of blocks they will create, the size limit of blocks they will accept if everyone else is accepting them, and the size limit of blocks they will accept no matter what.  Proponents argue that this solves the problem for good with a market-based solution, opponents argue that it could cause more orphaned blocks.  
Politicially- Right now Core developers are advocating in favor of soft fork SegWit.  However a few miners are refusing to deploy soft fork SegWit until a hard fork block size increase is also provided.  That means unless something changes, SegWit won't activate.  
A few miners are also pushing Bitcoin Unlimited and running it.  However they are a minority and they recognize that until a majority exists, it's unwise for them to set their limits to create larger blocks that the rest of the network won't process.  
Hope that helps!  Feel free to ask if you have any questions...
@_date: 2016-11-03 03:31:27
I'm not talking about caliber of the person, I'm talking about position.  
How much time does Linus spend actually writing code?  From what I understand, very little if any.  He's a manager, a gatekeeper, approving the best submissions and rejecting the bad ones, as well as determining overall strategy.  
Gavin didn't want to be a manager, he wanted to be a coder and a tech head.  So he quit the manager's job and went back to coding.  The problem is now things are being managed not the way he wanted them to be.  
Whether or not he's got what it takes to be a Linus Torvalds type frontman is a totally separate issue.  
@_date: 2016-12-04 01:18:33


Not from SegWit, no.  If SegWit does not activate then it will not provide any capacity improvements.  
That doesn't rule out other actions that could affect transaction capacity.  That other action would most likely be some sort of hard fork increase to the block size limit.  If or when that happens is solely up to the miners.  
It's also possible that the Core developers would come to some sort of consensus on a block size increase.  If that happened (which it probably won't) the increase would likely be fairly limited, perhaps to 2MB.  That would probably go through relatively quickly (activation 1-3 months after release) as most miners have expressed a desire to increase the block size limit.  
@_date: 2016-11-25 22:24:21


I don't think that's technically correct.  
The block itself stays at 1MB max.  The witness data is 'segregated' into an extra additional package, which isn't counted against the 1MB limit, but that witness data is contained outside the block.  
And if people aren't using SegWit transactions, there's no increase at all.  
That's not arguing against SegWit, just pointing out that it's not the same as a block size increase.  
@_date: 2016-11-03 04:16:32
You made points, I made counterpoints.  Sorry if there's a lot of them or they take some explanation.  Feel free to respond in aggregate rather than going point by point.  
@_date: 2016-11-03 03:28:24
True, but random broadcast spam aside, more users does mean more P2P traffic.  With thin blocks, P2P traffic will make up the overwhelming majority of overall traffic because nodes no longer need to exchange 1+MB blocks full of transactions they already have in mempool.  
@_date: 2016-11-25 21:54:29
As I recall they've said that's due to power related issues and people not running miners all year round.  They just raised a ton of funds for their cloud mining thing, so their hash power may go up a bunch soon...
@_date: 2017-11-12 04:51:27
It takes time but you'll get there.  
I also suggest read about other coins and what their differences are.  Litecoin is a simple one- it uses Scrypt as its PoW algorithm, which is more complex but not ASIC-resistant (you can buy Scrypt ASICs).  It also has a target block time of 2.5 minutes rather than 10 minutes.  
Ethereum uses its own custom designed PoW algorithm called Ethash, which was developed to be ASIC-resistant.  Ethash uses a ~1GB working dataset, and then rapidly hashes various parts of it together.  That means computing the proof of work is not only restricted by computational ability, but by memory bandwidth (how fast you can find and read parts of the dataset to computer a hash from).  A standard gaming-class graphics card is pretty much as good as you can get for this sort of work.  
Ethereum blocks also come out every 15 seconds.  
Ethereum's main claim to fame though is it's programming ability.  Rather than just 'pay this under those conditions' like Bitcoin's script, Ethereum scripts can have complex logic to the point that they are programs of their own.  
@_date: 2015-08-16 10:03:28


I'd disagree.  It's standard Reddit behavior to downvote things people disagree with.  You've been here long enough, you should know this.  If you don't believe me- make an alt account and make a post here saying the mods are right and BitcoinXT is a fork.  
As for proving you wrong- I'm trying.  I've not downvoted you once yet (I try not to downvote things I simply disagree with).  If you have a better way to prove you wrong I'd love to give it a try.
@_date: 2017-11-02 06:16:33
Counterpoint:  So, people with thousands, hundreds of thousands or millions of dollars in BTC are supposed to trust a handful of questionable devs who are largely all employed by the same company, vs a worldwide consensus of exchanges, miners, service providers, and other stakeholders?  
I'm not making an argument either way.  I'm just saying there are two sides to the issue.  
Also for the record- IMHO, this is likely why Satoshi left; because he knew he'd become 'Bitcoin Jesus' and the focus would be on him rather than on the code.  
@_date: 2015-08-16 11:21:08
What is the core purpose of increasing fees?  To reduce the number of transactions.  The fees take people who would run their transactions through Bitcoin and tell them to take those transactions elsewhere.
I want you to think about the implications of that.  Think big picture.  We've been saying for years that Bitcoin is open to all, that the advantage of Blockchain technology is anyone can run a transaction for cheap.  Suddenly those transactions are expensive.  That's reducing the core appeal of Bitcoin itself.
More importantly, what about the transactions that don't have enough fee?  What happens when I go to a store that takes BitPay (with 0 confirmations) and I pay for things, but I don't use enough fee?  That transaction floats around for a while and never makes it into a block.  Suddenly Bitcoin isn't just an expensive way to pay, it's an unreliable or very slow way to pay as nobody will trust that a transaction happened until it shows up in a block 10 mins later.  
Put this in the real world.  Go to a merchant and tell them you want to set them up with a system where people can pay from their phone, with near-zero fees, and no chargebacks, and it's free to sign up.  Sounds great right?
Now go to another merchant and tell them you want to set them up with a system where people can pay from their phone, with unpredictable fees that get charged to the customer, and no chargebacks, and it's free to sign up, and sometimes a payment just won't go through for hours or days or maybe not at all and they won't know until after the customer's left the store.  Would you sign up for this in your store?  Because I wouldn't.  
The only useful thing higher fees *might* accomplish is move 'spammy' transactions off the Blockchain.  I'm talking SatoshiDICE type stuff.  But we're throwing the baby out with the bath water- in exchange for despamming the Blockchain we're also discouraging its legitimate use.
So while I don't mind a slightly higher fee (say 1-5c per transaction) it has to be predictable, and we can't have a 'market' where only the highest fees get included in blocks (as such a thing necessarily leaves transactions stranded).  
@_date: 2015-08-10 08:54:41
Probably raise the limit.  The original Bitcoin-qt had a larger limit (25mb as I recall) and he stated somewhere that the smaller limit was a temporary measure.  
straight from the man himself:  
@_date: 2015-08-16 18:16:29


But if your way of keeping blocks small is to increase fees so as to keep the transaction level low, then you are necessarily excluding people who want to use the blockchain.  
This is simple mathematics.  If more people want to have more transactions than will fit in blocks, you either need to have bigger blocks to fit their transactions, or you need to deny some transactions.  
Put differently-  You can't carry two gallons of water in a one gallon bucket- you either get a bigger bucket or you leave some water uncarried.  Fees are a method of doing the latter.
As for fees- to be specific, what I do NOT WANT is a scenario where there are a lot more transactions than there is block space, so only the ones with the highest fees get mined into blocks.  That's a 'fee market'.  The problem there is it's impossible to know how much fee to guarantee acceptance into a block.  If you don't know how much fee will guarantee your payment succeeds, then you have to either waste a lot of money on a huge fee, or you have to accept the possibility that payments may just fail and there's no way to know if they will fail or not until hours after the transaction.  And I don't think that sort of situation is compatible with the continued growth of Bitcoin.
Now as for the fee itself- I don't mind increasing the default TX fee a little, or creating some kind of automatic algorithm that adjusts it automatically based on whatever factors.  But it must always be very clear to everybody what fee will (effectively) guarantee your transaction will be included in the next 1-2 blocks.
And going back to my first point- if there are enough real valid transactions to fill 1MB blocks, I DO NOT support just raising the transaction fee to reduce the number of transactions.  No matter how you slice it, that is a form of excluding valid transactions and I think that's a bad policy.
@_date: 2015-08-16 11:26:50
I see what you're saying, but I think you've let your personal opinions about XT cloud your interpretation.  Allow me to explain...  
General (non-BTC) Ron Paul news has nothing to do with Bitcoin, never did have anything to do with Bitcoin, and never will have anything to do with Bitcoin.  
Bitcoin-XT for the moment *IS* Bitcoin (same blockchain), and will likely always *BE* Bitcoin (same blockchain), unless something gets very screwed up after the 75% in which case your nightmare 2-chain scenario happens in which case we'll all have much bigger problems for a few days until it gets sorted out.  
So Ron Paul is NEVER Bitcoin, while XT is ALWAYS Bitcoin (except maybe for a week or two next year).
Make sense?
@_date: 2015-08-26 23:18:14
But what am I supposed to do with all these pitchforks now?
@_date: 2015-08-16 17:57:56
Ah, my post wasn't very clear, sorry about that.  I know the problem here is not developers.  I was trying to make the connection that because Bitcoin the system goes by majority rule, Bitcoin the forum should do something similar.  That's all.
@_date: 2017-11-12 04:15:57
No, there's no coupling there.  Energy cost, amount of computing power required to mine one block, and the block reward's USD price are all entirely decoupled from one another.  
It's important to understand that the PoW is probabilistic.  You try billions of solutions to the problem, hoping one of them is correct.  If you get one that works, you win and you can mine a block.  This is very much an issue of probability and luck.  I could start mining and the very first hash I compute could be a winner, or I could have a building full of ASICs and mine for days without finding a valid answer.  The difficulty adjustment just makes sure that SOMEone finds AN answer more or less once per 10 minutes.  
Now even if you took average number of guesses to find a right answer, how much energy that would require depends on what sort of mining hardware you're running.  If you've got brand new ASICs, then it won't take as much energy as if you're running older hardware.  
You also have to buy your mining hardware, so that must also be calculated into the mix...
How much you pay for power is between you and the power company, Bitcoin doesn't know or care.  So if you mine in China where power is cheap, it costs you less than if you mine in California where power is more expensive.  
Finally, the block reward is 12.5 bitcoins.  How much that's worth in USD continually fluctuates based on market conditions.  Today a BTC is worth $6100, two days ago it was worth $7000.  Tomorrow it might be worth $8000 or it might be worth $5000.  
@_date: 2015-08-19 10:59:34


 One small correction--
Then and only then will Bitcoin-XT activate SUPPORT for 8MB blocks.  If transaction load on the network does not produce any blocks larger than 1MB then everything will stay in sync and there will be no fork. The fork will happen once the first block larger than 1MB is mined, this block will be rejected by Bitcoin-Core nodes but accepted by Bitcoin-XT nodes, that disagreement is how the fork will occur.
@_date: 2015-08-16 11:55:05
I think you may not be fully understanding what exactly an altcoin is and is not.
Alt coins don't start on our blockchain and never did.  No altcoins are forked off the main blockchain.  They each have their own genesis block and their own blockchain.  That blockchain may do things differently (like have a different hash algorithm or a different block generation rate), but even if they do everything exactly the same, it's not the same blockchain and never was.
What altcoins share is Bitcoin's source code.  Almost all of them started with the bitcoin-qt (aka bitcoin-core) source and tweaked some stuff to change or improve or whatever.  Then it's fired up, a new genesis block is created, and the altcoin is on its way.  
For the ones that died- if you had a node that was running until the end, you'll have a complete copy of that coin's blockchain, from genesis block to the last block.  None of it overlaps with Bitcoin's blockchain in any way shape or form.  
That's why people don't like seeing XT called an altcoin.  It's not starting a new genesis block or a whole new chain from scratch, it's using the real Bitcoin blockchain that already exists (which altcoins do not do and never did).  There's a small possibility that it may create a fork for a little while at some point, but not intentionally so.  Not an altcoin by any means IMHO.  
@_date: 2017-11-07 13:33:30
Not really.  
AWS is also very accessible, an average Joe can spin up a node on AWS fairly quickly.  
Also AWS is relatively protected from DDoS attacks.  Since in the past attempts at hard forks have gotten a lot of DDoS attacks from overzealous Core supporters, it makes sense to run nodes on a largely DDoS-proof platform.  
@_date: 2015-08-16 11:50:25
I've managed online communities before.  Not on Reddit, but the idea is much the same.  
Mods are people too.  Some of them are in it for the wrong reasons, some of them enjoy having power more than they do serving their community, but they are people nonetheless.  
I choose to assume any mod means well until proven otherwise.  By reaching out and trying to have a dialogue, I risk only the time spent writing my post.  And no matter what happens I gain something- perhaps it's the knowledge that said mod is shitty, or perhaps it's an interesting conversation and insight into another POV, or perhaps I gain the opportunity to help that mod make a better decision, or perhaps they convince me that I'm the one who's wrong.  
Either way it's better to light a candle than curse the darkness.  So I'm going to talk to StarMaged like a reasonable human until (s)he proves him/herself to be otherwise.
@_date: 2017-11-13 04:40:50


How is 'keep transactions from backing up for hours/days while fees spike into the multiple-dollar range' a new feature?  I don't think preventing the coin from becoming near-unusable for most transactions is a frivolous change.  
Now if you said we should change consensus rules to enable a blockchain-based instant messaging service, I'd agree with you.  That's a new feature.  
But preserving the user experience is not frivolous.  
@_date: 2017-11-12 22:40:50
No idea about analog
Although I did read a thing a few years back that suggested losing precision would be a good way of increasing processing speed- Apparently if you can accept that certain specific operations may sometimes return the wrong answer, it's possible to do certain functions with a LOT fewer transistors.  
Mining would be a good application for this.  Knowing that a few % of the blocks you create will be bogus (and you will miss a couple of good ones) is an acceptable tradeoff if it makes your mining chip twice as fast...
@_date: 2017-11-12 15:08:16
Glad to be of service :)  
Ad as said, it's important to keep researching and keep learning.  There's a lot of really cool stuff going on in this space, and while it sucks that Bitcoiners are and have been at each others throats rather than innovating and pushing adoption for the last few years, we're still on the bleeding edge of something really cool that I still think will eventually become the future of how money works.  :)
@_date: 2015-08-16 19:38:04
That's exactly my point- suppressing the discussion is a Bad Thing.
There are lots of technical questions about XT and what is the best way to go forward for the future of Bitcoin.  We should be actively discussing them, including the pros and cons of XT.
But as for the link- that's talking about a very hypothetical situation, one where a lot of Chinese miners decide to fight against the majority of Bitcoin users.  I don't see that happening.  
The Chinese have simply said they don't want &gt;10MB blocks for at least a few years.  Nobody is proposing that.  And even if XT's 75% thing happened TOMORROW, and even if XT specified a &gt;10MB block, there wouldn't be 10MB blocks anytime soon because there's not 10MB worth of transactions for each block.  
As I understand it, a Bitcoin-core node that has max block size defined higher than 1MB will happily accept XT's &gt;1MB blocks.  If there's something else done to the blockchain protocol I'd love to know about it, but AFAIK that's the only actual blockchain protocol change...
@_date: 2017-11-12 04:22:23
Most welcome!  Glad to be of service :)
@_date: 2015-08-16 10:22:59
Few problems here
1. If you force blocks to be small, that means they hold fewer transactions.  If the Bitcoin network is transaction limited (currently ~7TPS with 1MB blocks) that makes the whole network less useful for everyone.  Sure we can talk sidechains and that kind of stuff, but that tech isn't ready yet.  It's not deployed in any sort of seamless/transparent manner, and besides sidechains are just more chains that need miners/nodes/etc.  So for the moment, limiting the network to 7TPS necessarily telling some people "Sorry but Bitcoin is full, you can't move your money."  
Is that something you really, *really* want to do?  Do you have any idea what that will do to confidence in BTC?  Nothing good let's just say.
2. The whole blocksize issue is based on the assumption that the Blockchain will get too big for an average user to store.  However the blockchain is already about 40GB and by my quick calculation growing by about a gig a week.  
3. Storage costs continue to drop.  A 4000GB drive today costs what a 400GB drive did a decade ago, or a 40GB drive a decade before that.  HDD tech continues to improve, and flash-based storage is being developed at breakneck speed.  
so IMHO- while reducing nodes is a problem we *might* have *eventually*, full blocks is a problem we *will* have *very soon*.  
@_date: 2015-08-16 10:59:15


No problem.  If I may offer some advice though- if it seems like others are unwilling to discuss this, it's not because they are all unreasonable asshats, it's because *they feel that YOU are unwilling to discuss it with THEM.*  
Look at it from their POV.  They see XT as (possibly) the future of Bitcoin.  To them this is a subject of great importance which must be discussed and considered, and questions like "is XT good for Bitcoin" should be asked and answered to try to build a consensus or at least a majority.  
Then you and Theymos come and say YOU CANT TALK ABOUT THAT HERE and quote a rule that (to most people, including myself for the record) seems like a real stretch.  
People then note that you and Theymos have strong personal opinions that XT is not and should not be the future of Bitcoin.  So they naturally conclude that you are abusing your position to stamp out discussion of something you don't agree with.  
Now you've tried to explain yourself, but not once have you ever actually engaged in considering the merits of the policy itself or the current interpretation of it.  It's just "this is the policy and here's why we're doing it".  That might work in some places, but in a place like it comes across as entitled autocratic censorship.
This may or may not be what's actually happening.  But no matter what your motivations actually are, that's what it appears as.  And THAT is why you have so many pissed off users.
Now you try to explain yourself, but as I said the whole altcoin thing is really a stretch (more on that in a minute).  It might someday be technically true for a while, but let's be honest it really is a bit of a stretch.  The real problem is people can't see where your dislike of Bitcoin-XT ends and your (ideally impartial) interpretation of the community rule begins.  And that's not something you can explain to people.
As for Bitcoin vs altcoins- if the ONLY purpose is to avoid setting a precedent, do you see at least a possibility that you are creating a much bigger problem than you are solving?  A sort of "Off with the King's head!  Long live the King!" type thing?  


So by your own admission, it's entirely likely that there WON'T be two blockchains, and thus XT WON'T be a fork.  That's why I say it's a real stretch to use the 'no altcoins' rule to ban XT.  There's no guarantee that any of this will even become a problem.  And besides- Core and XT can be compatible, as long as Core is run with &gt;1MB max block size (easily set with a command line flag).  So the 25% could drop to 0% in a matter of hours or days, or even not at all- a Core client with &gt;1MB max block size will be compatible with XT but won't appear as part of the 75%.  If most of the 75% do that, then the problem will never even occur.
My point is that you are making a lot of people very unhappy to 'fix' a subreddit policy problem that may not even happen at all.  
You have a simple way out here.  You just acknowledge that the vast majority of users don't consider XT to be an altcoin, and wash your hands of the whole mess.  Then there's no requirement for you to do the same if someone tries to fork BTC into an altcoin.  Everybody's happy.  


Okay let me demonstrate:




Note that I just asked the exact same question twice, but only once did I mention XT.  Therefore one of these posts would be banned and another would not.  Do you see the problem?
And back to the heart of the matter:


Well if the people want to talk about Ron Paul and his policies that have nothing to do with Bitcoin, then go ahead and delete those posts and nobody will complain.  But if Ron Paul announces that his campaign will accept Bitcoin, or that he is personally endorsing Bitcoin, that would be relevant, right?  I know if nothing else **I would want that to be okay** because when I come here to read about BTC, that information would be relevant to my interest in BTC.
Just the same- if I talk about Dogecoin, then delete that because Dogecoin is different than Bitcoin.  But *Bitcoin-XT is not different than Bitcoin, or at least does not want to be different.*  That's a key detail.
IMHO- The place to ban discussion about XT would be (if there is such a thing).  But since Bitcoin-XT wants to be the future of Bitcoin (on THIS blockchain), and Just About Everybody seems to agree with that interpretation (rather than the altcoin interpretation), doesn't it make sense to listen to the will of the users?
@_date: 2015-08-16 03:11:19
I strongly agree with this.
While I understand the argument that Bitcoin-XT is a 'fork' (although I disagree with this assessment), and I can understand the policy of avoiding discussion of forks, the sheer number of people who WANT to talk about it MAKE it a relevant topic.  
The high level of interest has proven that Bitcoin-XT isn't some scrappy little wannabe from a pissed off core dev, it's very likely the direction in which Bitcoin will be moving.  
And let's not forget that this type of thing was what Satoshi intended.  Not only did Satoshi publicly state that the 1MB block size was a temporary solution that should be fixed later, but the whole Blockchain protocol encourages us, the users, to vote with our nodes.  
So let's be clear- **the needs/desires of the users/nodes/miners supersede the needs/desires of the developers.**  That's why anybody can run a node, and that's why nodes pick the longest most popular blockchain rather than the 'officially blessed' one.
So to be clear- I strongly support discussion of Bitcoin-XT on all public Bitcoin forums.  I think trying to suppress discussion of Bitcoin-XT is contrary to the spirit of what Bitcoin is supposed to stand for.  
@_date: 2015-08-16 18:04:22


Actually I wouldn't agree with that.  What StarMaged has said so far strongly suggests that (s)he is seriously worried about XT becoming a fork/altcoin, and wants to prevent that from becoming what is about.  StarMaged has already said in reaction to one of my posts that no more XT threads will be deleted until there's a statement of why the policy exists either as a sticky or sidebar post.  So my take there is there's at least a possibility that there will be some resolution to all this.
And I think your view of 'mod vs community' is a bit cynical.  I've seen such a thing happen a few times and it's not unheard of for mods who are in strong contention with the community to either change their views or step down.  Mods are people too, and if you treat them as people rather than as tyrants you can have a productive conversation and everybody wins.
@_date: 2017-11-12 06:54:34
Quite true...
there's problems no matter what you do.  Personally I think ASIC-resistant mining is probably the best answer, even if it does encourage botnets.  
@_date: 2015-08-16 11:07:08
One suggestion-
Don't make this an edict.  Make it a discussion.  
You obviously have thought out your position and there is logic to it.  But while you may do a good job of conveying your position, Bitcoiners want to be active participants in choosing which if any rules that govern them.  
For better or for worse, I think this is a reasonable request, because it's the same way with Bitcoin itself.  Bitcoin users actively participate in rule selection by choosing which node software to run and how to configure it.  There are downsides- lots of idiot users could crash the network with messed up nodes, but unless we're scrapping the whole 'decentralized' thing that's a risk we'll have to take.  That's also the way Satoshi intended it, and it's worked out pretty well so far.  
So I'd suggest ask people what they want.  What should the rules be and how should they be enforced.  
Will that result in bad policy?  I don't know.  But I do know that whatever policy it results in will be one decided by the community for the community, just like Bitcoin itself.  
And a personal tip- statements like 'that concludes this community information gathering session' won't go over well in times like this.  People already feel the mods are acting like dictators, even implying that it's up to you when a discussion begins or ends will likely be received badly...  Just my 2c :)
@_date: 2015-07-13 13:05:35
Someone *got drunk and* tripped on a network cord.  EtOH is a ~~chemical symbol~~ abbreviation for ethanol :)
@_date: 2017-11-12 03:25:35
POW = Proof of Work.  It's the 'difficult math problem' that miners solve to generate blocks.  When one of them finds a solution, they get to make a block, and they get the block reward (12.5 freshly minted BTC).  
The difficulty of Proof of Work adjusts over time to ensure that (more or less) one block is found every 10 minutes.  Every 2016 blocks (which should be about every two weeks) the network looks at how long it took to make the previous 2016 blocks, and if that is more or less than two weeks the difficulty adjusts accordingly.  
EDA = Emergency Difficulty Adjustment.  This was added in Bitcoin Cash, but is not currently present in Bitcoin.  The flaw with PoW difficulty adjustment is if a large percentage of the miners go away quickly, it will now take MUCH longer (months) to finish the set of 2016 blocks and reach the next difficulty adjustment.  Thus, EDA- currently BCH's EDA is that if no blocks are produced for a certain period, the difficulty emergency adjusts down to get blocks flowing again.  
As that applies here-  
Right now the PoW is a hash algorithm called SHA256.  It's computationally quite simple, so miners build special chips called ASICs which do nothing but run SHA256 hashes billions of times per second.  The result is that unless you can a. build these ASICs cheaply and b. feed them cheap power (power is very cheap in China), you cannot make any profit mining Bitcoin.  That's why mining is so centralized in China- because right now they're the only ones who can make any money mining.  
That can be 'fixed' by changing the PoW to something far more complex which requires a general purpose CPU or GPU to run (and thus can't run on an ASIC).  Ethereum has done this with great success- their PoW requires a 1GB working dataset, and thus anyone with a gaming-class video card can mine and make at least a little money.  
Right now Bitcoin does not have an EDA.  That meant that if the SegWit2x fork happened as planned, with 85+% of the miners supporting the 2x side of the fork, the original 1MB side of the fork would be crippled (blocks coming out once an hour or more, greatly reducing capacity) and would remain crippled, unable to adjust PoW difficulty for months.  Adding an EDA would mean that should something like the 2x fork actually happen, the original chain would be able to continue.  
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2017-11-12 15:19:37
Quite true, if you are willing to put in the dev time you CAN make an ASIC for anything.  
However it may not be cost effective either in development or in production.  
For example Ethereum's PoW uses a 16MB cache to generate a 1GB+ dataset, then hashes various parts of that dataset together.  Result being you need a ton of memory bandwidth to pull random chunks out of the dataset (and that's the point).  
So you COULD design an ASIC that's a hash engine but with 2GB or so of on-die cache, or you COULD design an ASIC that's got a hash engine and a DDR interface and plug a DIMM into it, or you COULD design an ASIC that's got a hash engine and 16MB cache and logic to quickly generate the needed parts of the dataset on the fly (rather than generating it in advance and storing it).  
However none of these are simple little nonce counters plugged into hash engines like Bitcoin mining chips are.  These are getting closer to general purpose chips in both size and complexity.  
The more interesting thing is I've heard Chinese miners who are getting into Ethereum are literally chartering 747s to bring entire planeloads of GPUs straight from AMD's factory to their facilities in China.  That to me says (for the moment at least) ASIC-resistance is working...
@_date: 2017-11-12 05:51:20
The goal is not to 'allow folks to solve the equations'.  The proof of work algorithm is not in any way useful by itself.  The only point of the PoW is to make it difficult to generate blocks.  Without a PoW, I could just immediately generated 10,000 blocks and be rich!  However by making sure I have to do a lot of work to generate blocks, it ensures that blocks are generated by many people, on a regular basis.  
Also because generating blocks is literally how the network operates, a malicious miner could cause network problems by ignoring transactions or prioritizing others.  Making it expensive to generate blocks means an attacker would have to pay a lot of money for mining hardware.  
The overall goal is to make it more profitable to help the network than to attack it.  
Now as for ASIC resistance- ideally you want lots of people everywhere to mine.  The more distributed the mining is, the more resistant to attack the coin is.  Right now, 90% of Bitcoin's hash power comes from just 10 guys in China who run big mining operations.  If the Chinese government wanted to get rid of Bitcoin, it could simply arrest those 10 guys, destroy their mining hardware, and Bitcoin would be crippled.  That's a Bad Thing.  
On the other hand, if mining is split up among many thousands of individual home users and smaller operations, that means taking out Bitcoin mining means going after a lot more people, which is much harder.  
There's also the question of decision making.  The miners are the ones who create blocks, and thus ultimately the ones who decide which improvements go into Bitcoin.  You've probably heard about the recent SegWit2x planned hard fork- while the community debated it, in reality the miners were the only ones who could make the decision to fork or not fork.  In cases like this, it's highly preferable that mining represents the will of the average users all over the world, not just a handful of guys in China.
One of the biggest problems with ASICs is the high cost of entry.  If you want to mine Bitcoin today and have the slightest prayer of making money, you need an ASIC-based miner, which generally costs $1000+ and can do nothing but mine Bitcoin.  On the other hand, millions of people already have gaming GPUs in their computer.  If they can participate in mining without having a big upfront cost, that greatly spreads out mining and prevents centralization.  
@_date: 2015-08-29 08:50:56
Interesting thought, but it has some problems.
1. 140 char isn't enough.  Each transaction as I recall is around 200 bytes.  So you'd need 2 tweets per transaction.  
2. If you did mirror the chain somewhere, a CDN like Akamai would be a better choice.  All the worldwide Bitcoin traffic wouldn't even be a blip on Akamai's network.  
3. There are some issues.  If a new node downloads the chain from the network, it's pretty much guaranteed to get a good copy.  If it starts up from a seed, someone spreading corrupted seeds could cause some damage.  There are solutions- IE download the hash via P2P and the block itself from CDN, but I'd want to see a lot of discussion to decide if this is even a good idea first.  
If you're doing this though, why not just have the CDNs participate as nodes?
@_date: 2015-08-16 09:52:03


Yes you did.  And a lot of people read that.  Although, if you and the other mods feel that your position is not getting across, I'd encourage you to make a sticky post or put a link to your explanation in the sidebar so it becomes more visible.  
But the more important question- of the people who read your reasoning, did ANY of them agree with it?  Do you have even one reply, ANYwhere, that says "you know what?  You're right mods, thanks for explaining it.  Bitcoin-XT really is a forked altcoin and we should discuss it elsewhere."  Has even one person said that?
Because if not, I'd suspect the problem is not that your reasoning is hidden, the problem is that the majority of people disagree with your reasoning.  
And it's not "six people", unless those six people have 500 upvote bots...
@_date: 2017-11-12 06:03:58
Glad to be of service :)
@_date: 2015-08-12 10:10:25
You can actually calculate this.
Figure out how much hash power $100k will get you.  At that volume you can go directly to manufacturers so you'll get a much better deal.
That hardware will put out a certain hash power indefinitely.  However that amount of hash power will generate a diminishing return over time as difficulty increases.
Figure out about how much BTC you'll have gotten by the time your hardware isn't performing usefully anymore.  Compare that to how much BTC $100k will buy you today.
Personally- at current prices I think the outright purchase might win.  If the price of BTC goes up that might change.
@_date: 2015-08-16 12:10:55
Yes I know about why fees exist, they prevent spam and reward miners.  But consider how you approach the whole concept- do we decide that Bitcoin should be open for everybody, so anyone can send a transaction, or should we restrict Bitcoin to a certain activity level, so only the highest paying people can use the network?  To me that doesn't sound like the Bitcoin I want.
Bitcoin isn't supposed to be a private network for a few people.  It's supposed to be for everybody.
Now I'm not against the concept of a higher fee, but I AM against the idea of a 'market' where you have to bid for a spot on the blockchain.  The blockchain should exist to serve the users, not the other way around.
Now all the problems we've talked about (yours and mine) can be solved.  However none of them have solutions yet, nor will they have solutions soon.  Certainly not before we hit 7TPS.  
So do we force Bitcoin into a transition that its users aren't ready for, forcing it to adopt technology that either doesn't exist or isn't mature yet?  Or should we agree that the blockchain exists to serve the users, and therefore it is preferable to not deny transactions but instead blocksize must expand until we can come up with a better idea?
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:29:50


Good point.
**Further Resolution:**  
Datacenter facility conduct regulations will be revised to prohibit management and administration subsystems from physically displacing active cabling infrastructure without prior permission.
@_date: 2015-08-16 08:52:21
-  
If I may offer a measured opinion, putting in 'chaos mode' is an immature and counterproductive reaction to an otherwise reasonable request.  Only a few pissed off people wanted 'no moderation at all'.  The vast majority of users had but one simple request- stop censoring Bitcoin-XT related discussion.  This is not a difficult or complicated request, nor is it a rejection of the volunteer services you and the other mods have provided.
Some devs and mods may consider XT to be a fork, that's fine they're welcome to their opinions.  However, a great many people (I'd argue the majority of active userbase) do not think of XT as a fork.  More importantly, fork or not, a large number of people consider XT to be a relevant topic that is worthy of discussion.
So when mods take a top-down approach and declare that a very popular (threads with 500+ score) discussion topic which affects the very future of Bitcoin is no longer permitted, that reeks of authoritarian censorship, even if censorship is not the intent.  And given 's status as an advocate for Bitcoin-core, it sends the message (intended or not) that the core devs feel censorship is an acceptable way to stop Bitcoin-XT from gaining popularity.  As per the Streisand effect, trying to censor Bitcoin-XT is pretty much the best way to ensure the success of Bitcoin-XT over Bitcoin-core.
**Autocracy and censorship are not compatible with the values of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin (as a protocol, and as a community) is designed to operate based on the will of the majority of the (nodes/miners/users).**  That's how Satoshi coded it and we like it that way, that's why we're all here.  
So if you or any other mods feel that your opinions of what should and should not be discussed are more important than those of the community, I would encourage you to take a step back for a minute and reconsider if Bitcoin is really the community you should be working for.
Now it's worth taking a moment to note that **we all want Bitcoin to succeed**.  Nobody here (that I've seen) is anti-Bitcoin.  Lots of people have lots of different ideas for how Bitcoin should grow, and that's okay.  Satoshi planned for this with the way the protocol is designed- none of this forum drama matters, what matters is the votes of the users/nodes/miners and what software they choose to run.  If those people want to run XT, then they are voting in favor of Gavin's changes.  If XT fails to gain popularity, they are voting in favor of Core.  That's how this is supposed to work.
And this discussion (especially on Reddit) should work the same way.  If the users don't want to discuss XT, if they consider it a fork or a waste of time, then XT-related posts will be deleted and you will receive lots of modmail asking for removal of XT-related posts.  
But I see no evidence of this.  The last XT-related thread I saw had a +500 score.
So please come back and sit down and let's talk about this in a reasonable manner.  Gavin may be the first to 'fork' Bitcoin but he won't be the last.  If the only way to stop 'forks' is with censorship, then we are all in very big trouble and we should just give up and go home, because the next attempt at a fork might not be as well-meaning as Gavin's.  
Thanks for your time...
@_date: 2015-08-16 09:44:27
**(Note- Please do not downvote StarMaged's reply or this one if you disagree, instead post why you disagree...)**
I read through a page or so of your post history, and I think I understand your position (XT's 75% threshold could theoretically create a second orphaned blockchain with the remaining 25% of non-XT nodes, therefore it's creating an altcoin, therefore it should be discussed elsewhere).
I disagree with this on technical grounds, but that doesn't stop the fact that *THIS DOESN'T MATTER.  The technical details and merits of Bitcoin-XT are not relevant to this discussion.*
*What is relevant is that what appears to be a majority of people here WANT TO TALK ABOUT Bitcoin-XT*, because they consider it a relevant topic to Bitcoin (including Bitcoin-core and the current chain).  **The only matter of any importance, IMHO, is that most of the users think Bitcoin-XT discussion is relevant to the current blockchain**.  
Now on the subject of prohibiting discussion of altcoins-  a few questions (and these are real questions, not rhetorical ones, I'm honestly quite curious (in a good-faith way) to see your answers...)
Let's run a hypothetical for a second.  Let's say someone makes an altcoin called Altcoin.  Let's say Altcoin has a unique way of managing its blockchain database (or some other feature) that could be used by Bitcoin.  Am I allowed to suggest Bitcoin implement that feature?  If so, what if any purpose is served by preventing me from suggesting this?
Let's run today's problem out into the future.  You obviously don't like XT, and that's fine.  Do you think suppressing discussion of XT will delay or prevent its popularity?  
Let's say you keep deleting threads, until the magic day comes and XT hits 75%.  On that day will you be deleting 75% of the posts people make?  Do you think that will be a productive use of your time or a good way to manage a community?  Do you think that the will of 75% of the community is more important than your interpretation of the community guidelines (as per right sidebar)?  Do you think that if 75% of the community want a guideline changed, that it should be changed?  If not, under what grounds would those guidelines change, and who would be required to approve the changes?
What if (as I suspect) as soon as that 75% hits, the remaining 25% will very rapidly upgrade (or at least accept &gt;1M blocks) so they don't get left behind.  Your nightmare scenario of two separate chains comes to a rapid halt.  Since there's now only one chain, would you then allow Bitcoin-XT discussion in Or on a different note, what if I'm interested in the source code of Bitcoin, and I make a post comparing Bitcoin-core's code to Bitcoin-XT's code, not endorsing one or the other just asking questions about the differences.  Would you delete that?  
What if I want to select a wallet software that will be compatible with &gt;1M blocks.  Am I allowed to mention Bitcoin-XT when talking about node compatibility?
(again, those are real good-faith questions (albeit somewhat leading ones) but leading or not I'd very much like to hear your answers to them...)
My point sir, is that it is a slippery slope.  If you start down that slope, none of us may like what we find at the bottom.  


@_date: 2017-11-12 15:05:52
Absolutely.  
That's also why this is such an exciting time for crypto, and why I think right now it's time to start researching altcoins- not that I think BTC/BCH are dead, but they are also first generation systems.  We now have a vibrant market of altcoins, each trying something slightly different.  Sure a lot are shitcoins but there are a handful worth paying attention to and learning from.  
@_date: 2015-07-13 11:44:30
**Problem located:**  
Site connectivity was lost when the connection between servers was physically interrupted.  Investigation revealed that a cable, which was routed via an open-air above-floor chaseway, was installed with inadequate strain relief on both ends.  
When an administration subsystem lost transport synchronization due to multiple redundant installations of EtOH, the resulting hard crash failure of this administration subsystem caused physical displacement of the afore mentioned cable.  Displacement of the cable created an unseat condition in both end connectors, causing a disconnection of the site's database link.
**Resolution:**  
The administration system involved is being investigated for possible deprecation.  Engineers are currently determining the correct location to resolve the unseat condition of the affected cable.
**//EDIT:  I am not a Coinbase employee.  This post was an attempt at humor.  I have no idea why Coinbase was actually down but it wasn't because of this.**
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:32:58


Just FYI- I am not a Coinbase employee.  My post about a cable being pulled was a joke.
@_date: 2015-07-13 22:23:14
Of course it's bullshit
It's a joke- an exercise in how to say "Their engineer got drunk and tripped over the wire" in as many legit-sounding technical words as possible.
Although if they're actually running coldwallets on AWS that's a bit worrying...
@_date: 2017-11-12 06:43:38
True.  Although some currencies (including Ethereum from what I've seen) are considering switching to proof of stake rather than proof of work...  that removes the botnet issue...
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:59:14


It sounded like you were referencing my funny post below...  
@_date: 2015-07-13 22:23:53
@_date: 2015-07-13 12:33:57
Replacement cable may be required to correct the unseat condition should the connectors have been damaged during unseating.  Other administration subsystems will be utilized to make this determination once all subsystems have been purged of redundant EtOH installations (which could affect test results and cause the unseat condition to be corrected in an incorrect location).  Additionally, rapid transit is not advised when multiple instances of EtOH are installed due to the potential for fatally unrecoverable corruption during transport.
@_date: 2016-02-23 16:41:33
Not true.  0-Conf, always has been *less* secure, because 0-Conf transactions don't have the Blockchain behind them.  
However, 0-conf transactions are *somewhat* secure, simply because nodes will not allow a double spend.  It's a level of security somewhere between 'insecure' and 'confirmed'.  This level of security is good enough for small in-person point-of-sale transactions.  
RBF and mempool pruning reduce that level of security and in doing so harm 0-conf.
@_date: 2016-02-23 15:40:49
I think that for small point of sale payments it's generally not necessary.  If I'm buying a $2 cup of coffee, a basic SPV wallet on a cell phone will do just fine.  
There's a $ value above which it starts making sense, but that's where it starts also making sense to wait for a confirmation.  
However even now, if a payment gets stuck, it can be un-stuck with CPFP.  
Talking functionality- Bitcoin should have the ability to instantly transfer funds in an irreversible manner.  Right now we can do that but the transfer isn't cryptographically secure until we get confirmations.  Future technologies (payment channels etc) may enhance that capability, and I'm all for that.  But in the mean time, we shouldn't *reduce* that capability by making it *less* secure, even if doing so is convenient to fix our scaling problems.
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:59:59
Fair enough.  Fixed
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:10:00
Yes but jerrygallow I think might have been responding to my post...  perhaps I just didn't go far back enough...
@_date: 2017-04-02 05:29:00
By that logic, every political election is an attack...
Let's reserve 'attack' for things that have malicious intent (such as to steal coins) and not for people who mean well but have different views on how best to scale Bitcoin, yeah?
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:31:15
Actually you are incorrect.
Quoth [Wikipedia](  


@_date: 2016-02-13 05:36:47
If they are charging the banks, nothing will change.
If they go after the people inside those banks who conspired to commit criminal market fraud, then things will change.  
People need to go to jail.  Or perhaps just be held personally liable for anyone who lost money due to Libor rigging.  Once bankers' fortunes start getting seized, or bankers start going to jail, only then will things change.  
@_date: 2016-02-28 20:28:49
One line in the bottom of the 4th paragraph of a piece that mainly distances Core devs from Theymos is hardly a strong rebuttal.  Peter Todd's tweet is much more helpful.
What I'd like to see is an open letter, signed by all Core and Classic devs, and prominent community members.  Something which says in no uncertain terms that while we disagree on hard forks and block sizes, we can stand together and agree that DDoS attacks have no place here.  
Perhaps my post was too strongly worded, or perhaps such a request simply cannot come from a big-block advocate like myself (and if so I encourage any small-block people reading this to pick up the torch)...
But I think something like that would be extremely helpful in helping to heal the wounds this community has suffered, both in reminding Core supporters that Classic people don't hate Bitcoin, and by reminding Classic supporters that Core isn't evil.
@_date: 2016-02-02 05:12:35


Ah, this I was not aware of.  I'd heard the 'anyone can spend' bit a few times and thought it was correct, but I trust you may know a thing or two about SegWit :) so I'm retracting that pending some more research...
@_date: 2016-02-23 18:46:20


If a business wants to use *literally any payment method other than cash*, they take on risks in the name of improving convenience.  Credit cards can have chargebacks, but they make more in added sales than they lose in chargebacks.  Same with 0-conf- a point of sale system needs an *instant* payment.  No customer will wait 10mins for a confirmation.  So you use Bitcoin, and it works pretty well even if it isn't as secure because it works.  


**WRONG.**  0-conf transactions are 'somewhat secure' because nodes will refuse to relay a double spend transaction.  While that might not block a sophisticated attack that had a miner supporting them, it would block most double spends.  


First, RBF is ONLY necessary if we have a situation where transaction volume outpaces block space AND mempool pruning is active.  That situation replaces a previous confidence that a payment will confirm eventually with an uncertainty as it will likely be pruned in a day or so.  Thus RBF to add more fees.  
And while I don't care about changing the transaction in the process (IE use different inputs), I do believe that the outputs should stay the same or get bigger.  That prevents anybody from LOSING money due to RBF.
I don't expect you to buy any of those arguments, because it seems like you believe 0-conf is useless and anybody who uses it is a moron and we can safely ignore them.  However I'd encourage you to look at how people actually are USING 0-conf, for better or for worse, and consider that those people are the ones who give Bitcoin value, by transacting Bitcoin on a daily basis.  I think it is unwise to tell them all that their business models are being deprecated.
@_date: 2017-04-02 02:02:29
So you know, the last 24hrs can be ignored, no matter which proposal you're pushing for.  
F2Pool (17% or so of the hash power) did an April Fools Day joke- for a day they were mining blocks that signaled SegWit *and* BU *and* 8MB BIP100.  Block 459942 seems to have been the last such one- their next block after that (459962) and all their blocks since doesn't signal for any proposal (no SegWit no BU no 8MB).  
@_date: 2017-04-29 03:49:43
I'm downvoting this because you've obviously missed the point.  
There are no monsters here.  There are just people who have analyzed the facts and come to a different conclusion.  
Some people look at Bitcoin and say it should be a store of value, and any common practice of exchange has to be built some other way.  Some people look at Bitcoin and say it should be a medium of exchange, which will give it value.  From this you get different priorities that conflict with one another.  
Small block people are not trying to cripple Bitcoin.  Big block people are not trying to attack/destroy Bitcoin.  Both groups are just doing what they feel is best for Bitcoin.  
The sooner you realize this, the sooner you will stop adding to the vitriol and animosity and start trying to fix things.  
@_date: 2016-02-23 18:00:14
There is no such thing as perfect security.  If someone tells you there is, they're either a moron or a liar.  Everything involving security is about understanding and managing the levels of risk you are exposed to.  
@_date: 2016-02-27 21:03:42
THAT TABLE ISN'T ROUND!  
WHY ARE WE BEING LIED TO?
@_date: 2016-02-23 19:40:57


If the customer is acting in bad faith, then a double-spend attack is *currently rather difficult*.  Merchant makes an address, I send my coins and merchant gets the transaction via the P2P network.  They say thanks and give me my item and I leave the store.  
Now if I can persuade a miner to ignore P2P and instead include a contradicting transaction in their next block, then yes I can successfully double spend.  I can make this easier by including no transaction fee, giving my cohort miner more time to mine their next block.  
However if I simply broadcast another transaction contradicting my first one, the P2P network will reject that because it doublespends an already existing transaction.  I've seen reports from people who have tried this in the lab, it doesn't work.  
OTOH, with RBF I can simply RBF flag my first transaction, then as soon as I leave the store, replace it with another transaction that gives the coins back to myself.  If the merchant accepted the RBF transaction, that attack would be *trivial*.  


What you accept as 'fluidness' to be admitted and embraced is what most actual USERS of Bitcoin accept as a potentially necessary flaw that must be tolerated and minimized until a better solution is available.  
On a different tack, let me ask you this:  **What is the benefit of being able to modify transaction outputs?**  I understand the benefit of adding a fee or changing the inputs by RBF (lets you add fees without a second (CPFP) transaction), but why is it useful to change the outputs?
@_date: 2016-02-23 13:10:14
Congrats to the Core team on the next release.  libsecp256k1 will significantly reduce node CPU usage, and pruned mode will allow running nodes on smaller devices.
However unless I'm misunderstanding things, this release also is the beginning of the end of 0-conf.  Opt-in RBF is problematic but not terminal as merchants can simply make RBF-flagged payments require a confirmation.  I question the wisdom of RBF as it seems like not a lot of people want this feature, but whatever.
However the "Crash prevention via memory pool limits", aka mempool pruning, now means that merchants must analyze the transaction fees and perform a risk analysis on every 0-conf payment.  Otherwise, should transaction volume spike, a low-fee 0-conf payment could be pruned and then never confirm.  
It's not entirely fatal; merchants could locally store their own 0-conf payments, then if they get pruned, rebroadcast them along with a CPFP (Child Pays For Parent) transaction to boost the fee.  However it still makes life a lot harder for merchants.  
I'll admit that this is necessary if we aren't raising the block size limit because otherwise once transaction load continually exceeds network capacity nodes will run out of RAM and crash.  But I think the fact that we're letting THAT happen is a problem also...
@_date: 2016-02-02 04:47:28
//edit- killing this pending further research
@_date: 2017-04-29 04:49:21
Well yeah, some people do more analyzing than others.  There are plenty of people who follow the Cult of Core or the Cult of Big Blocks, but can't explain too specifically why that position is better than the alternatives.  
Sadly a lot of these people end up like the user I replied to- they conclude that their Cult is right and everyone else is obviously hostile.  Thus we get crap like 'BU is a hostile attack' or 'Blockstream Core wants the network to stay crippled', which then turns into uninformed ad hominem attacks against Core developers or BU proponents.  
@_date: 2017-04-06 06:23:17


Can you cite a source on this (ideally a mailing list or bitcointalk post where he explicitly says there should be only one implementation)?
@_date: 2016-02-23 14:47:01
Perhaps, but as long as transactions stay in mempool until they are mined, and transactions can't be changed once relayed, it's 'good enough' for small transactions that need instant approval (such as in person point of sale).  
To cite technical doctrine that 0-conf is reckless while ignoring the fact that business models depend on it working *pretty good* as it does now is to blind oneself to reality.  
@_date: 2017-04-30 04:31:04
This has nothing to do with agreeing or disagreeing.  I like BU and I support big blocks, but that's irrelevant here.  If you want to tell me why emergent consensus is a bad idea, or why it's good to keep the block size at 1MB, or why an overloaded network is a good thing, these are all valid opinions.  I would likely disagree with them, but I wouldn't downvote them.  
What you said was:  


This is unhealthy communication.  It is a vitriolic ad-hominem attack which misrepresents the motivations of BU.  
BU's miner vote is no more hostile than a political election.  It's putting a new idea up for vote and seeing if the network will support it.  The only difference between a 'hostile' and 'friendly' hard fork, by this viewpoint, is whether or not Core supports the change.  I think that's absurd.  
I'd point out that many 'big-blockers' have made similar accusations against Adam Back / Greg Maxwell / etc- bad faith, trying to take over Bitcoin to further Blockstream interests, etc.  
My post was trying to say we should set such immature arguments aside and *focus on the code, not the people*.  
This is why I say Satoshi's second best action (behind creating Bitcoin) was disappearing.  If Satoshi was still here, people would be questioning his motives, what he'll do with his coins, etc.  That would take attention away from Bitcoin itself.  The price of a coin would go up and down when he sneezes, and that's not useful for anybody.  
@_date: 2016-02-23 18:02:03
And let me say it again- it's NOT **IN**secure, it's just **less secure** than a confirmed transaction.  
@_date: 2017-09-05 23:01:45
If you do that then go with SegWit.  The SW address will allow transactions sending money to your Trezor to be SW transactions thus you will get much lower transaction fees.  
If you are transacting BTC, then SegWit or not you're getting Bitcoin, not an altcoin.  
However you should be aware if you held Bitcoin on 8/1/17, you now also hold an equivalent amount of BCH.  You spend it using the same private keys as your Bitcoin, just make sure you're using a BCH wallet to do so.  I'm pretty sure the Trezor supports BCH.  This is worth paying attention to as BCH is currently at about $500.  So you might have some additional value you didn't know existed.  
Even if you just dump your BCH and buy more BTC, it's still worth figuring out...
@_date: 2017-09-06 06:06:30
Miners:    95.9% of miners are signalling support for SegWit2x.  While that number may be slightly lower as (as I recall) F2pool has backed out, F2pool only represents about 8% of the hash power so it's still 85%+ support.  That's a majority.  
Corporate ecosystem:    I see an awful lot of names there, including Coinbase, BitPay, and many others.  Is there a bigger list of companies that oppose 2X?  If so I honestly would love to see it; I don't want to spread incorrect information.  
Users:  Users are difficult to measure.  Activity on Reddit represents only a small portion of the Bitcoin user base.  And even among Redditors, I think it's hard to accurately tell how many users want what, because some are much more vocal than others.  
However I think it's fairly obvious that a "large number" of users want a block size limit increase.  If a "large number" of users didn't want a block size increase, BCH wouldn't be worth $500 and we wouldn't be having this discussion because the users of all those NYA companies would be telling the companies to stop supporting 2x.  
Thoughts?  
@_date: 2017-09-05 23:09:00
Extracted... where did you put it?  I suggest hang onto it, don't just abandon it as that's hundreds or thousands of dollars worth of value there.  Even if you don't like BCH, don't leave free money on the table :)
@_date: 2017-09-06 13:10:10
Okay now we're talking about something far more interesting- the overall strategy and direction of Bitcoin.  
This is something which IMHO doesn't get nearly enough *frank and honest* discussion.  
Right now there are two competing visions at work.  
Core's vision seems to be keep Bitcoin as a settlement layer, and build other stuff (Lightning etc) on top of it for day to day transactions.  Under this vision, it's preferable to keep the block size small, if only to push transactions into the 2nd layer settlement networks.  
The 'big blocker' vision has Bitcoin remaining useful as a transactional system, with fees and confirmation times low enough to use Bitcoin for at least some daily purchases.  This doesn't rule out the possibility of 2nd layer systems or sidechains, rather, it ensures that they will be optional and not required.  
Now I've been following this fairly closely since ~2013-2014, and I can say *Core has done a FUCKING TERRIBLE job of explaining their vision*.  Core's vision (or what it appears to me to be) is a significant change to how Bitcoin operates for an end user.  That's not to say it's better or worse, just different.  Core has not done a good job of explaining to people how and why that will be better, rather, there's just a lot of FUD about centralization and how we'll lose nodes because you can't run a node on a toaster with 2MB blocks and how this hard fork proposal or that hard fork proposal will crash everything and kill all the kittens.  
**Nobody that I've seen has really tried to make a good case for why Core's vision is *better*.**  
Now the big blockers don't have as much of a grand vision.  Their vision is just 'keep things working the way they are, unless we all decide that things should work differently'.  Under this attitude, a change to the *experience* of Bitcoin is something that should require consensus.  So having seen none, they try to preserve the existing Bitcoin functionality by scaling the system up with demand.  
What Core SHOULD have done is explained their vision from the very beginning, and put it to the public to discuss and approve.  If there was large scale public buy-in for their vision, knowing it would require changes, most of this whole multi-year argument could have been avoided.  Instead, the big blockers would have done a BCH-style hard fork years ago and we could all be focusing on adoption rather than infighting.  And if the ecosystem at large rejected their vision of sidechains and settlements, then they should be willing to accept that.  
@_date: 2017-09-06 12:33:07
No, the definition of a hard fork is when consensus rules change, causing a fork that will never reorganize.  Each side of the fork will reject the other side's blocks as invalid because they do not follow the consensus rules.  After this, either one of the chains is abandoned and dies, or the two chains continue separately.  
In the case of SW2x, since both chains want to 'be' Bitcoin there won't be replay protection, meaning it's better for everybody if one chain dies.  
In practice, the majority of Bitcoin users don't give one single shit about any of this.  They want their transactions to a. require low fees, b. confirm quickly, and c. be relatively secure.  As long as that happens they don't care what goes on behind the scenes or which dev group is doing what.  
In practice, if 85% of miners go with 2x, that will leave 15% on the 1MB chain.  That means 1MB blocks will come out 15% as often until the next difficulty adjustment, so the 1MB chain will have 15% transaction capacity, and it will take up to 6.6x longer before the difficulty adjusts- about 2-3 months rather than 2 weeks.  
**If this happens, do you really think the economic majority will stick with a crippled chain for 2-3 months?**  
Now for the record- I have great respect for the Core devs.  I think they represent some of the best coders and cryptographers in the industry.  But I also think scaling is a blind spot for them.  
You say they have a 'flawless track record'- I say that track record has two MAJOR flaws in it:  
1. They did not address scaling between 2012-2015, despite Gavin and others begging them to.  As Jeff Garzik [famously wrote in 2015]( "Without exaggeration, I have never seen this much disconnect between user wishes and dev outcomes in 20+ years of open source."  
(BTW you should read that post- it's prophetic about the fee problems we've had over the last ~8 months).  
2. They said full blocks is a good thing, that keeping block space artificially scarce is necessary to create a 'fee market'.  The result (huge transaction fees and slow confirmations) has been pretty much universally rejected by the userbase.  Notice how nobody's talking about a 'fee market' anymore?  


Nobody is 'firing' the Core devs.  Rather, a majority of the network is choosing to implement a change without their approval.  Core devs are encouraged to participate and try to make the change a success, however they have shown no interest in doing this; instead they are fighting the change and the apparent will of the network.  
Should the change happen (with or without their help) they are encouraged to merge the resulting changes and continue developing Bitcoin-Core as the world class software it has always been.  I'm sure a lot of people would much rather run Core than BTC1 or whatever.  
If their egos are so fragile, that having a change made without their approval makes them ragequit- then IMHO that is just immature and dumb but is not a reason to avoid making the change if the change is considered desirable.  Bitcoin should not be held hostage to anybody's ego.  
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:44:53
You don't.  Any chance to to the consensus rules is by definition a hard fork.  That includes changing the block size limit, changing the difficulty adjustment mechanism, changing the proof of work, etc.  
Now if you do it right, your hard fork has consensus support.  If all or virtually all of the miners support your hard fork, there will either be no non-forking blocks, or they will be quickly orphaned and that chain will quickly die as difficulty won't adjust for it.  
That's why every hard fork proposal so far has included some kind of miner voting activation mechanism- to ensure that it only activates once this consensus support exists.  SegWit used a similar mechanism but for different reasons- if *most* of the network doesn't support SegWit, then SegWit could be a security risk.  Thus it was important to make sure most of the network understood how to correctly validate SegWit transactions before SegWit activated.  
Now as for the 2x hard fork- if a majority of the hash power and a decent amount of full nodes support it, then 2x *will* happen and there's not a damn thing you or anyone else can do to stop it.  Remember that the Bitcoin network is *secured by the hash power*- chain with the most work wins and all that.  
Now if you have a minority of nodes and miners who want to avoid 2x, you could do what BCH did- change your own consensus rules (hard fork) to add a rapid difficulty adjustment system, and ideally add replay protection, then you can start again and you'll have a 2x-free Bitcoin.  
However if you don't do this, and a majority of miners support 2x, then that chain will rapidly take off.  With 2MB of capacity it will be able to handle more transactions and any backlogs will clear quickly (even considering whatever hash power they lose).  
OTOH, the remaining non-2x chain will have a minority of miners, all stuck at the same difficulty, with a huge backlog.  Without an immediate/hardforked difficulty adjustment it will take months to even get to the next difficulty adjustment.  The non-2x chain will quickly become overloaded, miners will abandon it for the 'real' chain (which then will be the 2x chain).  
The only way to get around this is with a hard fork.  You could hard fork a rapid difficulty adjustment, or hard fork a PoW change, either one would allow a non-2x chain to continue usefully operating.  
However I'd argue that all of these options are more disruptive and more harmful than simply accepting the 2x chain.  While there are valid criticisms of 2x, the reality seems to be that most of the miners, and much of the corporate Bitcoin ecosystem, and a large number of users, all want it to happen.  Whether this is a 'community led change' or a 'hostile attack' is a matter of semantics which can be debated until the cows come home.  The reality is that as of now, good or bad, it seems likely to happen.  So I think it's better to plan for that than to worry about who's right and who's wrong.  
Just my 2c :)
@_date: 2017-09-08 02:06:08


With respect (not meaning this as an attack), that's not good enough.  Not in this case.  
In traditional open source, it's just fine.  Dev group A produces a piece of software.  If you like it use it, if not you are welcome to submit patches, fork it, or make your own.  If you don't like how dev group A does things, or you're salty that they reject your patch, you're welcome to fork it and start dev group B which will make a compatible or incompatible implementation, then encourage users to adopt your software instead of group A's.  This is considered a Good Thing, and it means better software for users.  
Perfect example- when OpenOffice development stalled due to Oracle disinterest, LibreOffice forked the code and got things going again.  
Under this model, the developers can do whatever the fuck they want because nobody is required to follow any of it if they don't want to.  
With Bitcoin, things are different because it's not just the software (Bitcoin-Core open source project), it's the network (many thousands of nodes and miners worldwide) which is defined by the protocol.  
My problem with Core devs (the group) is that to some degree they're trying to have it both ways.  On the surface it's open source- if you don't like how we do things then fork the code and make your own.  But they then claim 'ownership' of the protocol and consensus- if you want to change the protocol you have to go through our approval process.  
The problem there is that the Core approval process is mostly done by Core developers, who are a self-selecting group.  They are, in essence, claiming the authority of an industry standards group, but only admitting the responsibilities of an open source project.  
This is a problem when it comes to economic vision.  Core (who are coders, not economists) have a vision for Bitcoin, which is a Bitcoin user experience that's very different from the experience of a year or two ago.  
I have no problem with that.  
But if they are in control of the standards that would ensure their vision becomes reality, or prevents someone else from maintaining the status quo, then as a quasi-standards-body they have an obligation to reach out and present their vision, and let people weigh in on whether it's better or not.  And as a quasi-standards-body, they need to be open to the idea that their vision will be rejected.  
When I see the strong consensus behind 2X, I see a lot of the network wanting to maintain the status quo (in terms of operational experience).  Writing this off as a hostile attack (as many on the small-block side do) is just burying heads in the sand.  
As for AA- he puts out a LOT of videos.  I was wondering if you had a link to one specifically that lays out the Core vision for Bitcoin and how it should change and why that's better?
@_date: 2017-09-23 14:34:46
I really hate to say this...
but if Amazon does start accepting Bitcoin right now it will be a *fucking disaster for everyone*.  Fortunately it's not going to happen.  
Currently the blockchain simply does not have enough capacity to handle that sort of transaction load, even considering that BTC would be a small % of Amazon's total volume.  SegWit might help but only a few % of transactions are SegWit so far so that won't be of much help yet.  If 2x happens then it might work (for at least a few years until Lightning or something similar happens, or another block size increase happens), but otherwise there's not enough block space.  
So we'll once again have overflowing blocks, crazy high fees, transactions that confirm in hours/days or not at all, etc.  
The user experience will be terrible.  'Hey Amazon why didn't my product ship?'  'We're still waiting for your transaction to confirm, looks like you only did a $3 fee you need a $8 fee now'.  etc etc.  Or Amazon CPFP's all their incoming transactions, paying several dollars for the privilege of getting their own money.  Hint- they WON'T do that, it'll hurt their margins, they're more likely to just scrap Bitcoin.  
Amazon will not pay $/transaction for the privilege of accepting Bitcoin.  They will take Bitcoin if it makes business sense, which right now it does not.  
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but our moon rocket is still stuck on the launch pad.  :\
@_date: 2017-09-06 08:00:31
If that list was wrong, if those companies do not in fact support the 2X hard fork, they would be speaking out publicly so their name is not attached to something they do not support.  
Without such a refute, I think it's fair to say that the companies on the list stand in support of NYA and 2x.  
Now some of them are small and some of them are big.  But, being totally honest, can you or anyone else name 60+ Bitcoin companies that are NOT on that list?  While there are a few notable omissions (such as the few you mentioned) I really don't think there are 60+ Bitcoin companies that oppose NYA and 2X.  
Also, I've been watching the online chatter about this for the last several years.  I have yet to see any major corporate opposition to a hard fork.  Therefore I think it's a safe bet to say the majority of companies support 2X.  
As for BCH price- I say the BCH price is $500 because people are interested in it.  If you didn't have a lot of support for BCH, then everyone who had BCH would have ignored it or sold it and it'd be worth $10 or less.  *Today, people buy crypto because they think that crypto might have a future*, since spending crypto is still pretty hard.  It's all speculation.  
Remember, the value of any asset is only what the next guy will give you for it.  
Without a lot of people who think BCH will be worth $500 or more, it wouldn't be worth $500.  Therefore, I think this proves that a "large number" of people support the hard fork or at least think it's a good idea.  


That's the 3 month history.  I think the 5 year history is far more useful (please correct me if you feel any part of this is factually incorrect):  
- **2012ish (and several times after that)-** Gavin and Mike start talking about scaling.  They suggest it's a good time to at least make a plan.  Nobody at Core can agree on what that plan should be, and Gavin's no longer in charge, so the can gets kicked down the road.  
- **early 2015- Bitcoin XT.**  Lots of public discussion and debate.  Fails to achieve activation threshold after DDoS attacks kick most XT nodes offline.  
- **late 2015- Bitcoin Classic.**  Gavin et al propose a simple one time increase to 2MB, with the same miner vote activation.  The lower 2MB limit was designed to appease the cautious miners.  Again, lots of public discussion and debate.  Again, DDoS attacks on Classic nodes.  Then we had the Hong Kong Roundtable Agreement- that Core would shortly have SegWit ready, and would follow it up with a hard fork.  Core took way longer than promised to make SegWit ready, and no hard fork followed.  Maxwell said the Core devs who were part of the meeting were just 'well meaning dipshits' who had no authority to negotiate on behalf of Core.  
- **Early 2016- Bitcoin Unlimited.**  Proposal to remove block size limit from consensus rules and instead make it a configurable property using a system called Emergent Consensus.  Again, lots of public discussion and debate.  BU/EC got 50% miner support and was very slowly increasing.  
- It's worth noting that during this time, messaging from Core suggested that full blocks were a Good Thing as it would 'develop a fee market', without which Bitcoin would not be sustainable after the block reward goes away.  
- **Early 2017- blocks get full.**  Transaction fees go through the roof, transactions take hours or days to confirm.  Adoption of Bitcoin stops because people are having a bad experience.  
- **Now, SegWit2x.**  Miners and ecosystem companies attempt to resurrect the compromise of the HK agreement- do both a hard fork and SegWit.  Core not invited because it's unclear if whoever came would be able to actually promise anything.  
Now one other major detail- other than the HK agreement, Core has never actually shown any interest in raising the block size limit.  Just like 2012, it's 'someday eventually we will have to do that but not today'.  
**My point- there has been a LOT of discussion on the merits of hard forks, and hard fork methodology.  Core has had MANY opportunities to present what a 'safe' hard fork should look like.  They have not done so.**
@_date: 2017-09-06 12:00:38
Nob2x- useful link, thanks.  
A question on that- how many of those companies actually *oppose* SegWit2x, and how many just didn't sign the agreement?  There's a big difference there.  
For example, Bitrated has a link to a medium post expressing clear disapproval for SW2x.  
OTOH, VirWoX (a company I've known of for some time, they used to be popular for exchanging various virtual world currencies back when Second Life was popular) seems to have no statement on the matter whatsoever, and it appears their website news hasn't been updated since 2015 and with a quick Googling I can't find any record of them expressing any position on the matter.  
Or Bitfinex- while they didn't sign the NYA, I did find [this image]( in which it's claimed that they consider SegWit2x 'acceptable'.  
Still, you did name 60 companies that are not on the list, so I'll give you that a "large number of active Bitcoin companies support SW2x" is perhaps more accurate than a "majority".  


Nonsense.  By this definition, if you and you alone don't follow (thus, 'not everybody') then the hardfork fails.  In reality that's nonsense.
If 99% of the ecosystem supports it, it will happen.  
I think a lot of people are happy to throw around what 'can' and 'cannot' happen, but this is really a silly concept when it comes to Bitcoin.  
Bitcoin does not guarantee what can and can't happen.  Bitcoin's purpose is to secure a public crypto-ledger with hash power.  That's it.  
Furthermore, the only thing that defines what can and can't happen, is who considers the result(s) valid.  So for example I could do an intentional fork of Bitcoin that promises the moon, and the only reason it wouldn't be 'valid' is because nobody would consider it valid.  
Much the same, if the companies and miners still signed on to SW2x proceed with their SW2x plans, then SW2x WILL happen and WILL become part of Bitcoin.  Those who don't want it could certainly keep running 1MB nodes, but if the economic majority starts transacting on the 2x chain, then that old 1MB chain is little more than a failed footnote in history.  
If you want a hard fork, all you need is 51% of the hash power.  That's it.  Ideally you'd have at least 75% to be safe, but in theory it's doable with 51%.  


The same is true in reverse.  If SW2x happens, and if the economic majority goes with that change, then any remaining Core users will (for all practical purposes) be the 'altcoin'.  
**Here's a different question for you though:  If SW2x happens, and the hard fork is successful, and a majority of the miners go with the 2x chain, why would anybody stick around on the 1MB chain when the 2x chain will have lower fees?**
@_date: 2017-09-05 22:25:55


Yes.  There's no 'wrong' choice here.  
For basic HODLing I say use the 'normal' (non-segwit) address, just for simplicity.  For a HODLing address that will be used rarely if ever, it's just fine.  
If you regularly send funds to this address (like you accumulate BTC slowly) then a SegWit address might make more sense as you'll have lower transaction fees to send money in.  
As for SegWit / SegWit2x, what do you mean talked into it?  I'm happy to explain anything you want to know from a politically neutral POV...
@_date: 2017-09-21 01:12:51
I hope so.  
I'm not a dev, but I'd imagine this is a very frustrating time to be a dev.  These days everyone's pushing an agenda or a narrative, and scaling has become more of a fight over which people you follow / which ones you think are trying to destroy Bitcoin than it is a debate over whose code is best.  
So for someone like you, half the people think you're the messiah who will deliver the Solution that will scale Bitcoin without a hard fork ever, the other half think you're either actively trying to centralize Bitcoin, or are simply just wasting everyone's time.  Meanwhile you just want to write code and build cool technology without being yelled at...
@_date: 2017-10-16 11:47:01
BCH- Same problem as Bitcoin, ideally we'd love mining decentralization but that will probably require a new PoW.  Absent some complex incremental algorithm that transitions the PoW slowly from SHA256 to something more complex on the same timeline that a miner would refresh their hardware on, I see this being a non starter as the existing SHA256 miners won't support it.  
IMHO, this is one of the biggest problems Bitcoin (and BCH) faces and it could blow up in our faces.  Many thousands of independent people around the globe are largely censorship-proof/manipulation-proof; 10 businessmen from China are easy to buy/threaten.  If Bitcoin is to be antifragile, this should change.  Unfortunately we're at each others throats over how to scale, so we ignore this problem.  IMHO, that's a big part of why altcoins have grown so much.  
I'm also concerned about centralization of services- the top 5 Bitcoin companies probably represent 60-80% of Bitcoin economic activity; I'd like to see things more decentralized, but that's a separate issue.  


They've got 90% of the hash power and the support of companies that represent tens of millions of users (if not the majority of users).  SPV wallets will transparently keep working without an update.  How much more 'entire economy' can you get?  If you are asking for 100% that will never happen with any update.  And if you're asking for Core support, they've made it clear they will not support a base block size increase no matter how much it's needed and no matter how safely it's done.  Supporting such a thing would require consensus within Core and that won't happen even if most everyone else wants it.  
This goes back to mining centralization though.  When mining is centralized in China, 10 guys can make this sort of decision.  I think they're making the right one, but I also wish 10 guys didn't have this much power over Bitcoin.  I would much rather see this be a decision that thousands of independent miners have to contribute to and agree on.  
Maybe Bitcoin will never have that again; if so that would be too bad.
@_date: 2017-10-03 15:08:20


become Bitcoin, then it would mean that Bitcoin has failed. It would meant that companies have the power to impose consensus rule 
changes onto users and thus they can control Bitcoin.
If this is the position being put forth, then I would respond that whoever takes this position does not understand Bitcoin.  
Bitcoin has one thing and one thing only that gets to make the decision- hash power.  There is a bit of checks and balances (IE 
nodes can reject blocks from hostile miners, users can choose one chain or another to transact on) but in general the hash power 
is what secures and runs the network.  Core and whoever else can develop software, but it's the miners who make the blocks and 
decide which software's rules those blocks are made under.  
If there is a problem with Bitcoin, it's that hash power is centralized with 10 Chinese guys,  Mining was supposed to be the 
wisdom of the masses, distributed among thousands of users.  That's what made Bitcoin antifragile- that you couldn't 'push something through' without persuading thousands of actual users that it was a good idea.  That I think is Satoshi's one mistake- he didn't foresee how easily GPUs (and later FPGAs and ASICs) could mine Bitcoin and drive the little guys out of mining.  
Besides, you talk about imposing things on people- what about SegWit?  Before UASF and SW2X started kicking around, it could be argued Core was trying to 'impose' SegWit on the ecosystem.  A few Core devs called Segwit's activation a 'readiness check' rather than a 'vote', and said the miners were somehow derelict by not signalling readiness as they should.  Then you have UASF (an idea pushed by a Core developer), which would basically hold the entire ecosystem hostage with the threat of an uncoordinated chain split if miners didn't adopt SegWit.  


SegWit is a clever accounting trick to make old nodes not count signature data.  It gives a bit of extra wiggle room, proportional to the number of transactions that are SegWit transactions.  


With respect, that is arrogant and disrespectful and shows an attitude that Bitcoin is yours to do with as you please and you need not involve the rest of the ecosystem.  If people don't like your roadmap, then maybe the problem is not the people, maybe the problem is the roadmap.  
I mean this with utmost respect- when people talk about 'let's fire Core' this sort of attitude is why.  'Our transparency caused a problem in that people didn't like our plans so we won't be transparent' is NOT the type of attitude the dev group of a multi-billion-dollar ecosystem should be exhibiting.  


What you can compromise on is that smart people, people who understand what's going on just as much as Core does, feel that there are better solutions to the problem.  You compromise in that you don't arrogantly say your way is the only right way.  This isn't about politics or technology, it's about humility- realizing that you are just one part of a big thing, not the only part of a big thing.  
Now if you feel a one shot increase to 2MB would permanently damage decentralization, then you make that argument.  We've heard lots of such arguments and they don't hold water (technically speaking).  Jonathan Toomim's great research a few years back showed that (as of then) the network could easily handle 2-3MB blocks (even counting China's firewall).  Bitcoin Cash is now working with an 8MB max block size and their world hasn't collapsed.  Hard drive space gets cheaper by the month, bandwidth too.  I've been watching and I've yet to see a good argument on why a 2MB hard fork would harm decentraliation (especially since 'segwit is a block size increase') (but my mind is open if you want to make one).  


That's exactly what happened.  SegWit proponents and hard fork proponents came together and negotiated a compromise.  Core wasn't there because of your track record- last time you 'compromised' (Hong Kong Roundtable) you didn't follow through with your end (SegWit wasn't released on time, no hard fork was delivered, and the Core people who went were ridiculed by other Core people as 'well meaning dipshits' who had no authority to speak on behalf of Core'.  Why would you expect to participate in an agreement if you don't keep your agreements?  
@_date: 2017-09-08 12:39:09
I should clarify that the double standard I'm talking about refers to a larger group that's mostly made up of Core supporters, not just the devs themselves.  And it doesn't apply to all the devs.  
But I still think things have to go one way or the other:  Either Core is an open source project, the first among many, and anyone else is welcome to do other things (like raise the block size limit) if they get miner support; or Core is a standards body and anyone not adhering to the standard is a hostile actor.  
Personally I believe in the former.  I think any standards body we create will be vulnerable to outside influence, therefore I think the only consensus that matters is the Nakamoto Consensus- the chain with the most work wins.  
I think Core should present their vision to the world, and everyone else should do the same, and the hash power and the users then decide what's going to happen.  And I think we should do this in a mutually respectful way- without accusations of bad faith, without DDoS attacks, without accusations that the competing side *is* an attack simply by existing, without censoring those who express the 'wrong' opinion, etc.  
But to do that, we (all of us, including users and developers) have to step back from the issue just long enough to *admit that we might be wrong*.  That includes big blockers like me, and that includes small blockers like you, and that includes the developers on both sides. 
Otherwise, if Core is to be a standards body- that is to say, if it's considered hostile to put a consensus change to a miner vote without the approval of Core, then in order to claim that authority Core needs to make their decision process FAR more transparent and accessible to non-developers and other stakeholders.  A dev list is fine when you're making an email client that anyone can ignore, it's not fine when you're designing the underpinning of a $76 billion financial system that everybody has to be in agreement on.  Especially when the changes you make will destroy business models built on the system (allowing blocks to get full meant payment processors became basically a dead industry; nobody's willing to pay a $5 fee to make a $20 transaction happen).  That's the sort of thing we should all discuss BEFORE it happens, NOT after.  
I will check out that vid.  It looks like it's mostly audio so I might listen to it in the car...
@_date: 2017-09-22 21:43:05


The long term scaling plan of Core, as I've understood it, has always prioritized off-chain solutions like Lightning.  
If you disagree, then what are your thoughts on why Core has refused to do a block size limit increase for so long, even during the period when blocks were very full and transaction fees were hitting the several-dollar mark?  


Several developers pushed the fee market idea.  They don't anymore because we've realized the 'fee market' isn't that great for usability (which lots of big blockers such as Jeff Garzik talked about at length before the problem started).  
While keeping fees high / UX low to push people onto sidechains wasn't as commonly discussed, it was suggested at least a few times.  
I am going off my own memory of the last several years.  
@_date: 2017-10-15 21:00:24
Your node and your miners appear to be a small minority.  
Right now it would appear that about 90% of the hash power supports SegWit2x, with F2Pool and Slush being the only holdouts.  I assume you are mining with one of them.  
Now if that ratio holds, on the day of the split your chain will be mining at 10% rate, which is 1 single 1MB block every 100 minutes.  My chain will be mining at 90% rate, which is 1 2MB block every 11 minutes.  My chain will continue to work great, yours will be hopelessly backlogged.  Getting any transaction to confirm on your chain will likely cost $20+ in fees.
Furthermore, unless you roll out an emergency difficulty adjustment (breaking consensus again), you will be stuck with 100 minute blocks for possibly as much as 4.5 months before you reach the next difficulty adjustment.  
Let's be real- do you really expect people to hang onto a chain that costs $20 per transaction and takes hours/days to confirm, when they can easily move to a chain where it's back to sub-$1 and confirms in minutes?  
Most likely what will happen is Slush and F2pool will realize the 1x chain is dead, and will start mining on the 2x chain.  Now maybe you'll be the only one left, and I wish you the best of luck, but you should know you'll just be wasting power.  
If you think I've got this wrong, then please correct me.  But if 90% of the hash power leaves, then difficulty adjustment being what it is, I don't see any way for this NOT to happen as I describe it.  
@_date: 2017-10-16 12:17:55


If they are using Core nodes and interfacing their software with those nodes, then sure, 2 weeks isn't unrealistic.  
If they run their own code, not so much.  SegWit changes how blocks get processed, how transactions work, etc.  That's a lot of stuff to rewrite, especially when you consider that people WILL be trying to exploit any oversight to steal your customer's funds.  
It also depends on how their code was written.  If it's more monolithic and less modular, a change like this will take much longer.  


Obviously a company should protect their users and be honest.  How are they 'not protecting and lying to' their users?
@_date: 2017-09-20 13:00:47
For the record- I'm a 'Big Blocker'.  I spend most of my time on 'the other Bitcoin sub'.  I like Bitcoin Cash, and I hope the 2x agreement happens as agreed.  
But I just wanted to wish you and the other Lightning devs the best of luck, and I mean that seriously.  I don't know if Lightning will work as well as promised, but I really really hope it does, because if it does it will be a game changer that will benefit all of us.  
Can't wait to see the 1.0 release :D
@_date: 2017-09-20 23:48:55
I do and I try to.  Although there's one big misconception about 'the other side'- that we are against 2nd layer solutions.  At the core, most big blockers aren't *against* 2nd layer solutions, rather, we're against using 2nd layer solutions as an excuse to avoid on chain scaling (especially since those 2nd layer solutions aren't available yet and won't be for some time).  
Put differently, we don't want you to stop building 2nd layer solutions, we just don't want the 2nd layer solutions to be the *only* way to use Bitcoin in a transactional (cash-like) manner.  
So when most big blockers are arguing against 2nd layer scaling, if you look a little deeper much of the time they aren't saying 2nd layer stuff is a bad idea, only that it's not an imminent solution to our current scaling problems.  This isn't made clear nearly enough.  
Big blockers also reject the idea that we should let blocks stay full (and intentionally degrade the experience of using Bitcoin) in order to push people into 2nd layer solutions.  If lightning is half as awesome as its conceptual descriptions suggest, people will *want* to use it because it'll be the fastest and easiest way to send transactions quickly and cheaply.  
So I hope you will also try to break the echo chamber against on chain scaling as well :)  If you have any questions or thoughts for 'the other side' I'd love to hear them and perhaps clarify some stuff.  There's way too much misinformation and accusations of bad faith going around both sides of this issue :(
@_date: 2017-09-06 14:08:27
I generally watch AA's stuff when it comes up here.  It seemed like up until fairly recently he supported a hard fork.  Not sure why that changed.  I haven't seen him really explain the Core vision though, got a link?  
As for Core- yes they are volunteers, they 'have' to do nothing.  But we also don't 'have' to run their software.  
If they are going to expect the loyalty of their users, they should explain 1. in detail, what their plan is and 2. in detail, why their plan is better than the other plan.  That's not rocket science and it's not terribly hard either.  
@_date: 2017-10-02 11:47:53
Without replay protection, but with 90+% of the miners on one side of the split (doesn't matter which side), the other side will die a quick death.  As things stand, when 2x activates, in very short order the 1x chain will be abandoned and there will only be one Bitcoin chain.  
@_date: 2017-10-02 11:55:29
Sort of.  
Right now there are several implementations of Bitcoin, but Core is the 'reference client' and are considered to have the final word in protocol changes.  Their final word so far has been no block size increase.  
If 2x activates, that is going against their decision.  Core is welcome to merge the 2x code and they probably will.  At that point they would likely be more or less equals- protocol decisions would need discussion between both teams.  I think that's a good thing.  
Also consider- the ones really in 'control' of Bitcoin are the people who run the software (miners and nodes).  They choose which software to run (Core, BTC1, or something entirely different), so they are the final arbiters.  That's why Bitcoin XT, Bitcoin Classic, and Bitcoin Unlimited failed- not enough miners decided to run their software instead of Core.  
The politic fuzz is because Core has so far said 'we say no block size increase therefore no block size increase'.  That's been a reasonable thing so far because Core's BIP process has so far been the authoritative way to improve Bitcoin (and until now it's worked quite well).  Therefore a lot of people want to remove Core from the position of final accepted authority.  
For some people (morons) this comes out as 'let's get rid of Core'.  That's fucking stupid- Core's decision process may be imperfect but Core devs are some of the most talented coders and cryptographers in the industry today.  Their departure would be a real loss and not something I want to see happen (even if they can be a bit difficult sometimes).  
I want to see a decision process that involves multiple groups, but I DON'T want to get rid of Core (and the BTC1 devs don't want that either). 
@_date: 2017-10-02 10:38:07


Seems the S2x chain has 90+% of the hash power.  That to me makes them the majority chain.  
The companies represent a huge percentage of total Bitcoin economic activity and the miners represent 90+% of the total Bitcoin mining ecosystem.  Who's left after that?  A few people on Reddit?  
Here's what I think will happen:  Let's assume S2x happens on schedule, and with 90+% of the hash power.  At that point Core chain is crippled, 2016 more blocks or a significant fraction thereof for a difficulty adjustment at 1 block per 100 minutes.  Chain dead ends.  
Core releases an emergency update.  Might just be a difficulty fix (like BCH's EDA but harder to trigger), might be more radical like dumping SHA256 as PoW algo in favor of something highly ASIC-resistant that requires a 1+GB data set per thread (much like Ethereum) in order to shut out Chinese miners and further decentralize.  
Either way there will be a fight over who owns the name Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2017-10-02 12:07:45


I see no masses of users (other than a few hundred people on opposed to this.  
99% of the Bitcoin ecosystem doesn't care about any of this holy war crap.  They don't read Reddit.  They just want their transactions to work.  As far as they are concerned, more capacity = better.  


If a few days before scheduled activation, miner signalling drops below I'd say 75% (the minimum threshold to render the minority chain effectively unusable), then I would personally have mixed feelings about activating at all.  
If a few days before scheduled activation, miner signaling drops below 50%, then IMHO the remaining 2x miners should abort the activation.  A minority 2x activation will not accomplish the goal of 'upgrading Bitcoin', it will just create a useless minority fork that will likely be of no use to anyone and will just confuse people until it dies.  While I suppose it's possible that the economic majority would choose to specify that minority 2x chain, I don't really see it happening and I think it would just be a mess for a few days that wouldn't solve anything but would piss everyone off.  
@_date: 2017-10-02 18:29:51
I'm not so sure.  
75% is pretty much the threshold to guarantee the losing chain fails rapidly.  40min blocks will have huge fees and high confirmation times, 100min blocks (from a 90% threshold) are better of course, but get much below 75% and the likelihood that a couple die-hard Core miners will stick it out goes up.  Where in the difficulty adjustment cycle the split happens is another issue- if the split happens just after an adjustment then that's bad for the minority chain because it means maximum delay for the next DA.  Modeling from the days of Bitcoin XT suggest that a split about 2/3 of the way through a difficulty period is most advantageous for a minority chain.  
A split at 60% would definitely take a while for the dust to settle.  I think the majority chain (2x) would win probably within a week or two, but it would create a big problem for that week and people would be calling for exchanges to support both sides of the fork.
That's something I personally want to avoid- having both sides be recognized as valid currencies.  That will confuse everybody and make the split much more painful.  That's why it should be decisive- a solid upgrade that everyone can easily claim 'this is what Bitcoin is now'.  
At some point in there I think my position would change to 'lets not even bother with this, let's just switch to BCH'.  Not sure what % exactly that would be, but as you start going below 75% you rapidly get out of 'clean decisive upgrade' territory and into 'contentious ugly extended fight' territory that *might* be good in the long term but would cause a lot of problems in the process (and I'm thus much less enthusiastic about).
I can say if it was 60% I would probably not support the fork at all, because then it literally is just creating a split coin with no replay protection which is bad for everyone.
@_date: 2017-10-15 21:05:14


We have full blocks now and fees go up.  Why aren't we seeing 2+MB blocks like we were promised?  


I agree.  This includes 2x, right?  


But if you want to change consensus rules and have it not called a 'hostile attack', you have to go through Core's BIP process.  Since a few people from Core will never agree to a block size increase, that effectively means even if EVERY OTHER PERSON INVOLVED WITH BITCOIN wanted a block size increase it wouldn't happen because 'there's not consensus'.  
Now, BTC1 is pushing a proposal and if it activates, then Core will have to accept that influence.  


Nobody said they have to touch btc1.  They just have to update Core to be compatible with the new consensus rules that a consensus of the hash power has chosen.  They can then continue developing Bitcoin-Core and I hope they keep doing so.  
If this makes them ragequit that would be a loss, but it's not a reason to avoid the hard fork.  Bitcoin cannot be held hostage to the ego of any developer or group of developers.  
@_date: 2017-09-23 00:16:47
I did not respond to your question because it seemed like a 'but but but...' type reply.  IE '...but, but, but... Donald Trump does care about health care!  His assistant got time off for maternity leave!'  ...IE, a gesture that denotes some effort but not of the magnitude required to fix the problem.  
Schnorr signature and MAST, as I understand them, are both most useful for dealing with smart contracts and payments that involve multiple signatures.  That will of course help the problem some, by making the most complex transactions much smaller, which will free up a little block space.  And Schnorr could help reduce UTXO bloat by making it cheap to spend several inputs for one payment.  But that doesn't do much to address the problem we have TODAY, that people like Gavin and Jeff Garzik and Mike Hearn saw coming back in 2012- that simple P2PKH transactions are growing fast and they're running out of space.  
To make an analogy- we have a bus with 20 seats, and 35 people who need a ride.  Schnorr and MAST are like an engineer saying 'Good news everyone!  We've figured out how to rebuild the engine to take less space, so we can fit an extra seat on the bus!' when the needed solution is to get a second bus with another 20 seats.  
So to answer your question directly- I think Schnorr and MAST are good things and I hope they work well.  But we have a much bigger and more immediate problem which is full blocks and high fees (or the threat of full blocks and high fees) stopping adoption of Bitcoin.  Schnorr and MAST will not be ready for some time, and won't directly fix the problem we have today.  
We know how to fix today's problem- increase the block size limit.  Yet **not only has Core not raised the block size limit, but raising the limit is not even on their roadmap.**  
What do you have to say to that?
@_date: 2017-10-02 18:37:24
On categories- I see three.  One group refuses to accept anything other than a block size increase no matter what.  The second group refuses to accept anything that includes a block size increase no matter what.  And the third group is made of people who favor small blocks and big blocks but are willing to compromise in the interest of creating *some kind of* scaling solution.  
That's why I call them hard liners- because there is no willingness to compromise.  


...who collectively represent 90+% of the hash power and a huge percentage of Bitcoin's economic activity.  


This is a much more valid point.  
In 2x's defense, they have not had a drive for full nodes like XT/Classic/Unlimited did, perhaps because there is a fear that those nodes would be DDoS'd like before.  I may bring this point up in 'the other sub' later on and see what people say.   
That said, I don't think you could call a Core node 'no2x'.  Most are probably on auto update.  
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:02:21


The guy on a solar panel in Africa cannot currently run a full node.  They can run a SPV node.  They can still run a SPV node after 2x.  


Sure, if you strap on a 4TB HDD.  Especially with efficiency improvements like libsecp256k1 and 'thin blocks' type things (there have been several variants on this theme, the general idea being don't re-send transactions that the destination already has in mempool).  


[This dude]( made it work.  


[Citation needed]?  


If S2x fails because it's technically inferior, or because users don't want it, or some other 'real' problem, then you have a valid argument.  
If S2x fails because continued browbeating and threats from Core and their supporters make miners abandon it, then you do not have a valid argument.  
Would you agree with this?  
@_date: 2017-10-02 19:48:49
But how do you define what 'Bitcoin' is?  
One could just as easily argue that if S2x fails, it's because one development group can single handedly push the narrative that only they are allowed to upgrade the Bitcoin protocol (despite industry consensus); and have hijacked Bitcoin into being a settlement layer and no one can do anything about it.  (This argument is thrown around 'the other Bitcoin sub' frequently).  
Some people (idiots) talk about 'firing Core'.  They are salty that Core hasn't provided a block size increase, and they feel Core's off-chain scaling solution isn't in line with Satoshi's vision.  If you drill a little deeper, they generally just don't want Core as the only ones in charge of overall strategy.  There are a few that genuinely want the Core devs to pack up and leave, but those are a small minority.  
Bitcoin is not 'simple' to hijack.  If S2x succeeds, it will have taken 4 years of effort, 3 failed hard fork attempts, several scaling conferences and roundtable agreements, and finally only got through with a compromise consensus between 90+% of the mining hash power and a group of major companies that make up a huge percentage if not a majority of Bitcoin economic activity.  
I don't call that 'easy'.  I call that '*fucking hard*'.  And I call it pretty sad- if Core had delivered any sort of block size increase, it would not have been necessary.
@_date: 2017-10-15 22:15:21


That's a Satoshi question.  Back in the early days, mining was done on CPUs.  Lots of people mined.  Leave your computer mining overnight and you might have 50BTC in the morning (which at the time wouldn't buy you a cup of coffee).  It was a nice system- sure someone with access to more CPUs might mine, but for the most part everyone was on equal footing.  
Then GPU mining happened.  Satoshi asked for a moratorium on GPU mining (he saw where things would go) but of course that didn't happen.  Suddenly anyone with a high-spec Radeon card could mine circles around even huge expensive multi-processor machines.  If you bought 4 high end GPUs and put them in a computer, you were now more powerful than dozens or hundreds of CPUs.  People who didn't have these cards were left out of mining and gave up.  
Then came FPGAs.  Suddenly people were buying custom hardware just to mine.  The FPGA ran rings around the GPUs, so now only people who could afford dedicated mining hardware could mine.  This shut out the 'hobbyists'.  
Then came ASICs.  Now people were making dedicated chips built silicon-up just to mine.  An ASIC could of course run circles around an FPGA, so why not put 50 of them in a box and have them all run at once?  Now anyone not using ASICs was shut out of mining.  
ASICs improved over time, slowly going from 3-gen-old silicon processes to current top-line 14nm stuff.  Each generation got denser and more powerful and made older generations unprofitable to run.  
Fixing this would have required changing the proof of work to something other than SHA256.  That would of course be a hard fork, and a major change for how Bitcoin operates.  Miners of course wouldn't support it because it would mean they lose their investment.  Realistically, this would only have been easily possible back when CPU or GPU mining was a thing.  
Now personally I think one of the strongest arguments against *Core* is that they didn't do anything to address scaling back in 2012 when Gavin first proposed it.  This could have been fixed easily with a flag day hard fork- update the code in 2012 so [as of (*some block that will happen in 2014-2015*) the new max block size is 2MB].  Core kept kicking the can down the road.  It wasn't until 2015ish that Core started to take scaling seriously.  
That's not to say I don't like Core.  Only that, like Satoshi, they failed on this particular issue.  


I have heard these musings.  I hope it doesn't happen.  But I don't consider it a reason to abandon S2x.  Bitcoin should not be held hostage to the ego of any one development group.  
@_date: 2017-10-02 11:56:58
Glad to be of service!  :)  
@_date: 2017-10-31 20:19:52
So let me get this straight...
You are saying that because people might like to use Bitcoin, and that might make it popular, popularity might be a bad thing, so we should make Bitcoin slower and difficult to use with limited capacity, so that not as many people use Bitcoin or have a good experience with it and that will avoid attention of regulators.  Right?  
Personally I think this is absurd.  If anything we should be pushing adoption, try to get mainstream as quickly as possible, so that if regulators try to 'come down hard' they get pushback from average Joes and not just crypto nerds.  
@_date: 2017-10-02 09:52:10
This argument gets rejected because replay protection is only good if you specifically want to create a new currency.  If S2x uses replay protection, it effectively does become a new currency, and every single bitcoin app out there will have to be rewritten to use it.  
S2x people don't see themselves as creating a new currency any more than activating SegWit created a new currency.  They see S2x as an in place upgrade to Bitcoin, as in 'we are changing how Bitcoin works'.  In that context replay protection is bad because it breaks compatibility with every single existing software.  If you're trying to do an upgrade, this is not what you want.  
It could also be argued that if replay protection is so important, Core's non-2x chain should be the one implementing it, since they'll (it currently seems) have only a tiny minority of the hash power.  Let Core implement replay protection and then the problem is solved.  


Simple way to fix this- send your BTC to a new address with a super low fee and RBF flag set.  Let that confirm on the 2x chain, while it's stuck in the 1x chain's mempool.  Then RBF it on the 1x chain to a different address.  You've now separated your coins.  
In practice though this won't be necessary.  If S2x keeps a 90% activation threshold, the 1x chain will die a quick death.  10% of the hash power isn't going to gamble their next several weeks of earnings that 1x will stick around and maintain value.  Unless a significant % of hash power switches back after activation, the old chain WILL die a quick death.  This is much simpler for everybody- no need for exchanges to have another trading pair, we just consider it an upgrade to Bitcoin.  
If S2x support drops below say 75%, then I would agree some kind of replay protection is needed by one side or the other or both, because with 25% hash power the old chain has at least a small shot at life.
@_date: 2017-10-15 20:50:22


Hash power is the underpinning of Bitcoin's security model.  If you don't trust miners, then you should not trust the Nakamoto Consensus or anything that relies on it (including Bitcoin).  
@_date: 2017-10-15 21:05:47
Why will it be a disaster?  Like play it out, what exactly do you see happening?
@_date: 2017-10-02 09:15:23
Disclaimer:  I'm a big blocker, I support 2x.  I'm going to write this post from a neutral POV as it might make things easier.  
There seem to be three groups:
The big block hard-liners wanted block size only, no SegWit.  Previous to August, an intentional currency split was considered by most to be a very extreme last-ditch measure.  Then BCH did it, because they wanted to avoid SegWit.  This satisfied the big block hard-liners who are now focused on BCH.  
The moderates (both SegWit leaning and hard fork leaning) said 'SegWit looks okay, but it will take time to create a real enlarging effect, and we'll have to increase the block size anyway eventually, so let's do a compromise- we do SegWit AND we hard fork, so we can get the benefit of both at once.'  The idea is neither side considers SegWit or a hard fork to be seriously damaging to BTC, rather, they don't trust the 'other' to be the ONLY scaling plan.  So they compromise and agree to trust each other- do both a small block size increase and SegWit, neither of which would cause serious harm, and work together to make both a success.  Because SegWit was ready then and blocks were full, the idea was to implement SegWit first and then take a bit of time to put the finishing touches on the 2X hard fork part.  
The small block hard-liners are now against 2x and want SegWit only.  They believe that a hard fork which doesn't go through Core's BIP approval process is invalid and should not be allowed to happen.  
Now we have the question of SegWit2x vs no 2x.  Both sides claim to have the majority on their side.  
Truly measuring how many people want what is extremely difficult.  The vast majority of Bitcoin users don't use Reddit or the dev mailing lists or GitHub.  Satoshi had not intended for mining to centralize to a small handful of Chinese people like it has, he'd wanted mining to be far more distributed so per Nakamoto Consensus, the chain with the most work wins.  Unfortunately the CPU-&gt;GPU-&gt;FPGA-&gt;ASIC arms race killed that and now most mining is done by 10 or so Chinese guys, so one could debate how much mining represents the overall community.  
SegWit2x does have a lot of signatory companies, among them they represent 90+% of hash power and a large majority of the Bitcoin financial ecosystem.  Whether they are doing so representing the interests of their users or themselves is open to debate.  
**For my personal opinion-** I think SegWit2x was a great compromise and that sort of thing should be encouraged- two sides coming together to mutually benefit Bitcoin.  I also think nobody 'owns' Bitcoin or can claim exclusive rights to modifying it, the hash power is what keeps us secure not any one group of developers.  I think we're going to have to raise the block size pretty soon anyway, so unless some serious problem with 2x's plan is revealed I see no reason not to do it now (especially as Lightning won't be ready for months).  And speaking of Lightning- I think if it works as well as promised people will use it because they WANT to, I don't think we should be forced to use it because blocks are full.  
I've also yet to see a good reason why it's so important to avoid 2x.  I see people calling it an attack, saying it will damage things, but I have yet to see any actual explanation of what damage it will cause or why it will be harmful.  
And as for replay protection- if it activates with 90% of the hash power, there's no need because there won't be a viable Bitcoin1x anymore.  At 10% of the hash power that'll be 1x 1MB block every 100 minutes for the 1x chain, until the next difficulty adjustment (which at that rate will likely be months away).  In short- stick a fork in it, it's done.  And I think that would be the best path for everybody- if this ends up being an 'upgrade' rather than a 'fork' (so there's only one viable chain after the hard fork, rather than two).
That's just my 2c though.  As always my mind remains open and I'm interested to hear other points of view or anything that would challenge my positions.  
@_date: 2017-10-16 03:09:17


Or maybe implementing SegWit's new transaction formats in their custom wallet systems costs money and takes a lot of time, while changing a 1 to a 2 would have taken them 30 seconds...


I was referring to your comment "every individual has a right to run any software and enforce any rules they want without devs permission.".  So you have no problem with nodes and miners running SegWit2x if they want, correct?  
@_date: 2017-10-15 21:49:24
They are difficult to replace.  That's by design.  If they were easy to replace, anyone could replace them with new miners that would help them double spend transactions.  The fact that miners are hard to replace is literally the single biggest thing that keeps Bitcoin secure.  
So, honest question (that I would love an answer for and I've yet to see a serious answer on):  
Let's say things continue as they are now- 2x has ~90% hash power, and 2x activates in November as planned, leaving a 2x chain with ~90% hash power and a 1x chain with ~10% hash power.  
The 1x chain will be operating at 10% speed, so 1 block every 100 minutes.  This situation will continue for as much as 4.5 months (depending on where in the difficulty cycle the fork happens).  During that time, there will be huge backlogs and fees will likely jump past $20.  
Given that a single 1MB block every 100 minutes is not even close to enough to sustain the current activity on Bitcoin, why would/should anyone stick around on the 1x chain when it is essentially useless for transactions except with super high fees and slow confirmations?  Why wouldn't a majority of people say 'that other chain is working better, let's use that'?  
Would it be appropriate for Core to release an emergency patch that adjusts difficulty down (like BCH's EDA system)?  Why would this hard fork be any better than the 2MB hard fork?  
I do honestly want to understand your mindset...
@_date: 2017-10-02 18:40:16
Core could do that-   
1. Emergency difficulty adjustment fix (something like BCH's EDA mechanism).  
2. emergency PoW change (probably to something ASIC-resistant) to shut out the Chinese miners.  Many people would support this for that reason alone (decentralizing mining).  
Either one would keep them going.  I'm sure such a chain would get *some* support.  
They could also just accept the situation, and merge the 2x code.  That would be better for everyone.
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:02:13


No citation possible until the fork happens.  The majority of Bitcoin users do not post on Reddit, don't do chain split tokens, and don't participate in verified polling.  
Now if 90% of miners all mine 2x, then the 1x chain won't be that useful.  That's simple reality.  Now maybe some will change their minds, or maybe Core will release an emergency hard fork update that adds something like EDA, but if the overwhelming majority of the hash power is on 2x, then 1x is most likely doomed.  


I'm very glad to hear you say this.  An awful lot of your fellow small blockers haven't figured this one out.  


I'm all for letting the market decide.  Before blocks got full, that was already happening (miners were independently deciding what their minimum fee would be).  
Having us hit the block size limit is a situation where an inelastic fixed supply (block space) has a variable demand and variable price.  Because the miners cannot adjust supply in reaction to demand, that means as soon as supply exceeds demand the price will rise quite a lot, until it balances against demand (people decide to not use Bitcoin).  That's a big part of why altcoins have grown so much lately- nobody wants to pay $5/transaction.  
This sort of thing should be antithetical to a real Libertarian.  A Libertarian would not want authoritative controls on the supply of a thing, they would want the market to determine both supply and demand and thus price.  
Perhaps a good 'libertarian compromise' would be to have blocks be allowed to grow past 1MB, but the miner fee shrinks for &gt;1MB blocks (perhaps allocate it to the transactions inside the block or something).  Or maybe to say the block is allowed to grow but the containing transactions have to have a certain amount of fees, so in essence the transactions can 'buy' block space.  Obviously the specifics of that would need some study.  
I'm all for having market forces determine fees, but I'm not in favor of $5 transaction fees.  


You say I need "sound technical backing" in order to debate Core.  Then you say Gavin doesn't count because of failed hard forks (one of which was going to succeed until it was DDoSd, one of which was going to succeed until the Hong Kong meeting which produced nothing but broken promises, one of which was going to succeed until the SegWit2x compromise superseded it).  None of those attempts failed because the code was bad.  
Everyone expected BCH to fail.  It hasn't failed yet.  Therefore I call it successful.  Sure EDA was poorly done and too easy to game, but the coin is still worth a couple hundred bucks and still has economic activity.  
Do you consider BCH a failure?  If so, why?  


Thanks, I will.  I support SegWit2x.  You are welcome to sell your 2x coins and buy 1x coins (assuming that chain lasts long enough for you to do so) or any other coin.  Nobody says you have to follow me.  If you really think 2x is going to fail, then I encourage you to place your holdings either in 1x tokens or in altcoins or fiat.  
I don't need to code anything because BTC1 is already coded by people far better than myself.  


You understand this better than 90% of small blockers.  Bitcoin is just a distributed ledger system.  Only reason it has any value is because other people will give you things in exchange for it.  


Also quite true.  I think maybe we overall agree more than we disagree.  
I think people *want* the chain that reliably confirms their transactions quickly and with low fees.  By 'people' I mean Bitcoin users overall, the majority of whom don't post on Reddit.  If you have a good way to survey these people I would really love to know it.  Otherwise the only solution I have is to do the hard fork and if millions of users come out of the woodwork demanding 1x then we will know what the users want.  I personally think 99% of users don't give a shit about this holy war and just want whatever will make their transactions work.  2x does that.  


Hash power makes it difficult to take over the network, it's a sort of 'power of the majority' (or at least it was supposed to be; mining wasn't supposed to centralize as it has).  
But I agree if a majority of users refuse to transact or deal with the 2x chain, eventually it will die.  Maybe there will have to be a new PoW, maybe there will have to be a checkpoint revert (IE the 'new bitcoin' starts at 'old bitcoin' block number  (some block days/weeks before 'new bitcoin' is released).  But if a majority of users refuse to use 2x, it will die.  
I don't see a snowball's chance in hell that will happen though.  


Spend more time outside of as it is somewhat of an echo chamber.  Lots of people call 2x an 'upgrade to Bitcoin'.  They just aren't in &gt; They openly admit it is about wrestling the power away from Core. They openly admit that their strategy is to fraudulently present their fork as a "upgraded version" of "bitcoin". Core's entire roadmap consists of making every one of their business models obsolete to native features in the protocol. None of these companies want that.
[Citation needed].  That's an honest request, not a blow-off.  
Core's roadmap is to push economic activity onto Lightning.  Lightning by my read looks interesting but I'm concerned about centralization in payment nodes.  I'm not aware of anything in Lightning that would 'make Coinbase obsolete'.  If I have missed something I would love to read about it.  


I remember that.  It was quickly shot down by pretty much everybody.  


A RPi stock currently cannot run a node without a lot of pruning.  With pruning, it could run a Bitcoin Cash node.  
Without pruning, throw a 4TB HDD on that RPi and it's good for years, even with 8MB blocks.  
So where's the problem?  
@_date: 2017-10-15 20:48:17


On the flip side, is it something that one set of developers can deceive the general public into believing it is a minority chain, when the majority of miners, users, and economic activity moves on to a different chain?  Is that really any better?  


It's a meritocracy of coders.  The opinions of the non-coders who have to actually *use* the thing and are trying to make money with it carry much less weight there.  
Furthermore, the coders sometimes fancy themselves economists (with poor results)- let's not forget a couple years ago Core was saying it was 'essential to develop a fee market' with full blocks, note that once people realize full blocks mean multi-dollar fees and long delays they are no longer talking about a fee market...
If an actual economist showed up to discuss things their words would carry little weight because they're not a coder.  


Your post was 12 days ago (sorry for the delay in replying).  Since then blocks have gotten full again.  Care to revise?  


I cite Gavin Andresen (Satoshi's chosen successor), Jeff Garzik, Mike Hearn, etc.  I cite BCH's successful hard fork.  While a 'big fix' fork would be nice if everybody agreed on the fixes, so far a. nobody is pushing other things to be fixed in the hard fork and b. getting even a simple one byte change has been stonewalled by Core for 'the reason of the day' (it's always something, but never is there a roadmap to a hard fork despite strong user demand).  Thus better to do a simple hard fork to fix the problem at hand and further demonstrate that hard forks can be done safely.  


The 'relative monopoly of the infrastructure' is *the very principle that makes Bitcoin secure*.  That's Nakamoto Consensus- the chain with the most work wins.  This simple principle is what guarantees the security of all Bitcoin transactions- that it's more profitable to help the network than to try and attack it.  If you don't trust a 'relative monopoly of the infrastructure' then you should not hold value in Bitcoin because you do not trust the underpinnings of Bitcoin's security model.  
Now as I've said before, I admit the consolidation in mining is quite unfortunate.  I would be much, much happier if mining was decentralized among thousands of independent operators, so 1 node = 1 miner.  Then if 90+% of the hash power was signalling, we could truly say '90+% of the network supports this'.  Unfortunately the realities of mining today don't favor that approach.  


The media is going to believe it's Bitcoin because everybody is using it and calling it Bitcoin.  This has nothing to do with corporate takeovers.  I can see how it would be interpreted that way, but that's not the reality.  Besides, how does increasing the block size limit benefit the corporations who want to 'take it over'?  
Now if Coinbase and the Chinese miners wanted to increase the 21M limit, then I'd be having a serious problem with that.  So far I see no indication that such a thing would even be considered.  If the Chinese miners were considering that, then I'd most likely conclude that Bitcoin is being irredeemably mismanaged and I would sell most of my BTC.  And I think the miners know that.  


You miss one major thing- usability.  To make an extreme analogy- if Bitcoin could only handle one transaction per hour, then we would have a lot more nodes because a Raspberry Pi could run the code and the blockchain from memory, a laptop could run it in the background, hell you could run a full node on a cell phone.  But that situation wouldn't be very useful.  
Now if you have unlimited block size and let anybody store anything in the blockchain, then we'd have terabyte-plus sized blocks and it would be super useful (back my movie server up to the blockchain!) but totally centralized to the point of uselessness.  
Obviously a compromise is needed.  
I say that compromise is or should be that a computer enthusiast should be able to run a full node on spare hardware.  Would you agree that's a fair compromise?  
Now given that 'cheap' desktop PCs come with 500gb HDDs, so most people have tons of them laying around, and very little CPU is needed, it would seem we can easily accommodate blocks larger than 1MB today.  I wouldn't go much higher than 8MB today, but we don't need more capacity than that anytime soon.  


Yeah, blocks are full and with SegWit we have what, a couple percent extra space?  Blocks are still full today.  
Now maybe you haven't been paying attention, but *global infrastructure HAS ALREADY INCREASED to allow a base block size increase*.  I cite BCH as evidence- they've had blocks up to 8MB with no problems.  Jonathan Toomim proved that 2-3MB blocks would be okay back in 2015 (even counting China's firewall).  That was two years ago.  
Besides, SegWit is often billed as a 2-4MB block size increase.  Can the infrastructure handle this (in which case a block size increase is okay) or not (in which case SegWit is just as reckless and irresponsible as the block size increase)?  


If we compromised on what we can observe through experimentation, we would be idiots and we would be promoting something that is not true.  
I have seen JToomim's presentation in 2015 where he experimented and observed that 2-3MB blocks were perfectly fine for then-current infrastructure and hardware.  
I have observed that BCH is running with an 8MB limit today, and have even had a few 8MB blocks, and this has caused no major problems.  
I have observed that storage is dirt cheap and for $150 anybody can build a RPi-based node that can hold 2-8MB blocks for years to come.  
These observations are the basis of my position.  
What observations and experimentation are the basis of your position?  Has Core tried to raise the block size limit on testnet and failed?  Or have they just asserted (without observational proof) that it can't be done?  
As I see it, Core are the people yelling at everyone that the Earth is flat and is the center of the universe, while 2x are the people with telescopes saying 'no that doesn't seem right'.  
@_date: 2017-10-02 21:17:02
Thanks, and FWIW I appreciate non-hostile posts like yours :)


I agree 100%.  This is why I can't stand the nuts over in 'the other sub' who talk about 'firing Core' as if that's a good thing.  Core may have a bit of groupthink happening, and they may be extremely stubborn, and some may come off as abrasive or egotistical (IE gmax, LukeJr, etc) but they also represent some of the best coders and cryptographers in the industry today.  They've built some really top quality software and no matter what happens with S2x I sincerely hope they all continue to contribute, because their departure would be a real loss.  
I don't think 'don't do this or I'll quit' is a valid argument, but I still don't want to see them gone.  
I also agree that it's good to move slowly and avoid breaking things rather than moving quickly and fixing the things later.  That's generally not the right strategy when there's $~billions on the line.  
But at the same time, 'this is too dangerous' is no longer an argument I accept from Core.  They knew scaling would be an issue back in 2012 when Gavin first tried to get some action.  They just kicked the can down the road, and continued to do so until 2017 when blocks got full.  At any point in here they could have offered a 'safe' block size limit increase (even if it's a flag day a year in advance confirmed by a 99% miner vote with a two month activation delay).  Yet they steadfastly refused to even put such an increase on the roadmap.  Core themselves admits that at some point the block size will have to increase, but offers no timetable on when they'll allow this.  Instead they just told people 'full blocks are good, full blocks are how things should be, it'll develop a fee market, etc etc'.  
Of course that happened- the 'fee market' meant transactions take hours or days to confirm if ever and transaction fees go through the roof, 0-conf died taking Bitcoin at the point of sale with it, and the result was generally shitty.  The only winner was every other altcoin, because while we were bitching over whether blocks should be 1MB or 2MB, Ethereum was innovating things like 15-second confirmations.  
Now that all the users of Bitcoin and companies involved understand that full blocks are generally not the way to go, we still don't get an increase, even though one a. COULD be done safely in a manner Core chooses, and b. would provide needed capacity until things like Lightning are ready.  
Point being- I love Core and I trust what they say, *except* on this issue because of their poor scaling track record.  


We have a sad tradition in Bitcoin- if a change is desired it's an 'upgrade', if it's not desired it's a 'hostile attack'.  Both sides are guilty of this.  
On the radical big block side, allowing blocks to get full (so as to force traffic onto sidechains) is a corporate takeover.  One thing about Lightning is nodes will have to tie up a significant amount of their own BTC in payment channels, for which they'll be rewarded with fees.  Many people see this as a way for big banks to weasel their way into the space- Wells Fargo sets up a node, funds it with a billion dollars worth of BTC, and suddenly they're the toll collector of the Lightning Network.  I can't say with authority how true this is, but it's an accusation I hear a lot.  
As for 'taken away'- Bitcoin can't be 'taken away' because Bitcoin never truly 'belonged' to anyone to begin with.  It's just a protocol and an open source project.  
I also think Core has been straddling the line between open source project and official standards body, picking and choosing from each as is convenient.  Take scaling...  
'I want to increase the block size limit but you won't let me.'  
'Fine, fork the code and do it yourself (as per open source principles).'  
'Okay fine, I forked the code and did it myself.  Bitcoiners everywhere, give my code a try!'  
'NO YOU CAN'T RUN HIS CODE HE'S ATTACKING THE NETWORK BY NOT FOLLOWING THE STANDARDS OF BITCOIN!'  
Point being- if Core has the authority to tell people to not extend the protocol, then they are a standards body and should act like one (with a defined process for membership and representation and voting).  If they are an open source project, they can run their code however they want but they shouldn't complain when there is competition of implementations (or even consensus rulesets).  
@_date: 2015-09-21 12:15:44


Absolutely!  If I send a transaction and I don't know whether it will confirm today, or tomorrow, or next week, or maybe it will be stuck in a multi-gigabyte unconfirmed transaction cache forever, that's a lot less exciting.  


Of course not.  Now it's not a euphoric drug, it's an *ineffective, fraudulent* euphoric drug that does not function as designed.  Thus it must be regulated to protect consumers from nasty surprises!
@_date: 2015-09-14 04:31:27
Sending bitcoin from anywhere to anywhere else is easy.  The Blockchain doesn't care if you're sending 48 cents or 48 million dollars.  It's still just a transaction.
The problem is converting to and from BTC on each side.  
Now you could use an exchange, but that generally won't be anonymous, at least for you.  So your best bet is local bitcoins, in several small transactions.  Same for the guy on the other end.
And when you do send the bitcoins, don't do it all at once.  Have the recipient generate a great many addresses and distribute the transaction among them.  That way there isn't a single $48,000 transaction on the Blockchain, just a lot of little ones that get lost in the noise.
@_date: 2015-09-29 04:12:00
It's also damn hard to verify.  I've seen some statistical analysis trying to identify which coins were mined by Satoshi but it's really just educated guessing.  
Also, for it to be worth anything, it'd probably have to never have been mixed with another coin.  
IE- 1 Satoshicoin -&gt; 1 coin in address A -&gt; 1 coin in address B  
This is pretty hard as Bitcoin splits and combines addresses as needed to make transactions happen...  Since nobody would have been paying any attention to this the only way that such a coin would exist would be if someone had a wallet containing an address funded ONLY by Satoshi that had been left in cold storage for a long long time.  
@_date: 2015-09-08 09:55:00
From what I've seen the altcoin policy has relaxed somewhat, but the bulk of the damage is done and will be very difficult to fix.  When Bitcoin XT came around tensions were high because it was an unfriendly fork.  Then when the 'altcoin' policy took effect, things exploded like a powder keg and in my opinion have not even started to recover.  The community is fractured, secondary subreddits like and now contain much of the discussion.  So much of the discussion is just personal attacks. The signal-to-noise ratio is very low all across the Bitcoin community.
Fixing this will not be easy. And in my opinion the process will not even start until after the block size limit debate has been concluded one way or another.
The only thing that might even start to help in my opinion would be if theymos publicly apologized and created some sort of new user driven system by which policy here and at bitcointalk would be set.  I do not expect this to happen because he has publicly stated that even if 90% of the users leave he will not consider it a failure.
Or one other thing that might help would be if the Core devs and Gavin/Mike released a joint statement opposing the censorship and calling for mutual respect in all discussions.  That might have an effect. However given that Greg in so many words compared Gavin to a drunk race fan, I don't expect that to happen either. :-(
@_date: 2015-09-14 12:44:21
Most BTM's don't have anywhere near $48k worth of BTC (or cash) in them.  The bottleneck is not the per user limit, it's the BTM itself.  OP might be better off with a few in-person localbitcoin transactions...
@_date: 2015-09-08 02:59:07
To fill you in real quick...
Core devs are saying let's keep talking about it, there are workshops in September and December to discuss the options (but not decide anything) after which the discussion will continue and hopefully go somewhere.  Core devs say that this discussion is essential before we do anything rashly, whatever action that gets taken must come out of consensus agreement (of the Core devs at least).  
**//EDIT:  Including as requested:** Core devs also focus on scaling through efficiency, and much effort has been put toward this goal.  They argue that [scaling development has barely kept pace with current blocksize]( and that increasing the block size could cause significant other issues.
XT (Gavin and Mike) argument is that this discussion has been ongoing since 2013, and has been largely ignored by many Core devs for much of that time.  Since any block size increase can cause a hardfork, it must be done responsibly which takes months to do.  And since (if current trends hold) we'll hit 1MB blocks in mid 2016, we need to start implementing a fix now rather than wait another 6 months (at which point it may be too late to do a responsible change).  
Muddying the waters, some of the Core devs are affiliated with Blockstream, a company working on sidechain tech.  If Bitcoin itself gets backlogged, that will mean more business for Blockstream.
**As for open discussion--** Theymos and other mods support the Core devs.  Since XT has the potential to create a hardfork and the resulting chain would be incompatible with Bitcoin-Core, Theymos has dubbed Bitcoin-XT to be an 'altcoin' and thus not permitted for discussion on or BitcoinTalk.  This then led to accusations of censorship, personal attacks, etc.  
It's really quite sad :\
@_date: 2015-09-08 05:37:33
Added as requested.
However I personally disagree with much of that (note- I'm keeping my opinions in this post, the summary post stays neutral).  There's been some really really good work done on efficiency, a lot of which Greg (nullc) was involved in and he deserves much credit for it.  
Greg calls the blocksize limit 'resource management functionality', but the limit was never designed to manage resources, it was designed to prevent intentional spam from making the blockchain grow unmanageably large back when 100kB blocks were 'big'.  Satoshi had originally not wanted any limit but was persuaded to add one as an anti-spam measure, not to conserve resources.
Greg also gets the biggest problem wrong.  He asks "Why hasn't all this work resulted in huge blocks?"  It hasn't resulted in huge blocks because there is not enough transaction traffic to create huge blocks.  If the blocksize limit was increased to 32mb tomorrow nothing would happen because we don't yet have &gt;1MB worth of transactions to put IN the blocks.  You could remove the limit entirely and we'd still have the same size blocks (unless someone decided to spam the network, which would be expensive).  
As one reply to that comment says, at it's core the post is an appeal to authority.  It uses the imagery of Core devs being skilled mechanics while pro-XT people are uneducated drunk morons making reckless suggestions.  In the context of Bitcoin, where things should be decided based on the science and not authority, that's a very poor argument.  
It's also an insulting personal attack- Gavin and Mike are about as far as you can get from uneducated drunk morons.  Including a personal attack like that drags down whatever logical argument he was trying to make.  Attacks like that drag the whole debate down into the mud.  
@_date: 2015-09-14 12:50:01
True, although remember in this case the requirement was for it to be done *anonymously*.  Remove that requirement and it become a LOT easier...  just wire the money to an exchange and put in a few market orders.
@_date: 2017-10-16 12:36:17
Wasn't the intent.  I enjoy a good debate but wasn't debating for debate's sake.  You made a point I felt was incorrect and I tried to refute it- I was having a conversation with you, not others.  
Anyway if you don't want to continue, then have a great week :)
@_date: 2015-09-07 05:40:40
Readers felt something alright, only they got pissed at you :(
@_date: 2015-09-07 04:40:47
ah, okay.  You should clarify- your post makes it sound like you are approving of this course of action, which is why a lot of people downvoted you.
@_date: 2015-09-15 01:22:33
Not surprising.
Most ATMs will be operated by a large-ish company (not the owner of the store in which they reside) and thus will usually have a lot of cash inside ($10k+).  
Most BTMs are operated on a small time basis by whatever store they reside in, and thus don't have huge amounts of cash or coin on hand...
@_date: 2015-09-29 03:50:20
The question is why anybody would pay a premium for that sort of thing.  Personally I don't see it- unless you 'spend' the coins into a new wallet (thus removing most of the 'oldness') there's no guarantee that the last guy didn't keep a copy of the private key and will simply send them to another wallet of his own as soon as your check clears.  
If you want collectible, I think some of the physical bitcoins with embedded private keys might qualify...
@_date: 2015-09-08 02:50:50
The problem as I understand it (not something I've watched too closely) is that there were never any public releases of financial statements.  People wanted some documentation on where their BTC was going.
There was also something about a trailer and someone running long distance that never really were publicized much so a lot of people weren't sure they actually happened...
@_date: 2016-10-20 14:13:39
Satoshi didn't seem to think so...
@_date: 2017-10-15 22:04:54


Doesn't seem to be working that well today...  right now blocks are full and we've got what, a few percent increase?  SegWit only doubles the blocksize if ALL transactions are SegWit.  
Besides, 4MB SegWit x 2MB base block = 8MB blocks, BCH is doing that with no problem today.  


Actually [BIP2 largely agrees with this](  
Per BIP2:  


Therefore, by this definition, BTC1 is following the correct procedure (with the exception that I don't think they filed a BIP first).  So one might ask why are people complaining and calling 2x a hostile attack?  Is it because they didn't file a BIP first?  
@_date: 2017-10-02 18:18:05


I really hope this doesn't happen.  I consider this a rather immature demand- 'We're the only ones allowed to make changes to this protocol, if you change it without our permission then we won't help you anymore!'.  
A large amount of users and corporations and an overwhelming consensus of miners want even a modest block size increase (which we'll have to do anyway).  Core refuses to even put it on the roadmap.  In the words of Jeff Garzik, "I have never seen this much disconnect between user wishes and dev outcomes in 20+ years of open source."  There is no willingness to compromise.  
So people go around Core and do it themselves.  That's the nature of open source- no one project gets to dictate things for everybody.  If Sendmail doesn't want to add a particular SMTP extension protocol, Exim can go ahead and do it and if that becomes a standard then Sendmail can either merge it or ignore the market and fade into obscurity.  That Sendmail devs might quit is not a reason for Exim to stop innovating or for users not to adopt the change.  The very idea is absurd and immature.  
Thing is this could have been easily prevented.  Had Core been willing to compromise at *any point* in the past 3-4 years, and deliver *ANY* sort of actual block size increase, we wouldn't be here today.  
A few 'well meaning dipshits' from within your ranks tried to do that when Classic was starting to take off, but sadly they overpromised on SegWit's timetable and the rest of Core didn't feel any need to follow their agreement.  
So with the utmost respect, I would remind you and your fellow Core devs that at the end of the day, you guys don't own Bitcoin, the users do.  The users and miners decide which code to run on their machines, that's who decides what Bitcoin is.  Just keep that in mind :)
@_date: 2015-09-12 07:42:59
First- thanks for the detailed reply, I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to really read it until now.  
This is actually the most cogent anti-fork argument I've heard yet- if I understand you correctly, you're saying that Bitcoin should be VERY VERY VERY difficult to change unless EVERYBODY (or close to it) agrees because you don't want a (possibly corrupt) majority to be able to bowl over the little guys.  By this view, it sounds like you view Bitcoin and the current protocol almost as an institution.  There's some nobility to that.  


This gives me some better insight into why you and those like you are so dead set against Bitcoin XT.  I'd always struggled with that, as none of the explanations I'd heard made nearly as much logical sense.  So thanks for that.
That said, I still strongly disagree with it.
I've not seen anything anywhere that says Bitcoin promises individual sovereignty, or that it has to operate on near-perfect consensus.  I've read Satoshi's original paper and it didn't say anything about that.  
IMHO, what Bitcoin promises is that your money will be protected with strong crypto rather than trust.  That shifts the power away from the institutions to the users.  And that if someone is going to change or break this system, that strong crypto will make it monumentally expensive and difficult to do so, not because anybody said so but because that is the reality of the crypto.  Or as someone else said, Bitcoin promises that the longest chain will succeed, nothing else.
Trying to get the agreement of nearly everybody is a very nice thought but it's also unrealistic, because humans suck.  I will explain...
Let me give you a hypothetical- and I am NOT making any accusations, just a thought experiment I hope you'll join me on.
Let's say I am a government and I want to get rid of Bitcoin.  I think BTC will undermine my economic policy and cause a huge problem.  How much will it cost me to get rid of Bitcoin?  Probably a lot.  But what about the people behind Bitcoin?  Crypto is strong, but people are soft.  
Let's say I offered you, Theymos, a million dollars to make the CSS of purple for a day.  Would you do it?  Of course you would.  What if I offered you a million dollars to sticky a post for a day.  Would you do that?  Of course you would.  What if I wanted someone banned, and now I'm offering $2 million.  In three mouse clicks you've ensured your family's well-being for quite some time, so of course you'd do it.  
What if I wanted you to walk away?  Give me the passwords to your Reddit account, and never mention Bitcoin to anybody (IRL or online) again.  How much would that cost?  $10 million?  $15 million?  Don't tell me there is no number because there's ALWAYS a number.  It might be stupid high but it's there.  
What if I'm a consortium of banks and I decide Bitcoin is going to cost my member banks $20 billion dollars in lost business over the next two decades?  How much would I spend to kill Bitcoin?  $100 million?  Not unreasonable, right?
So what if I spend that $100 million to buy off a few Bitcoin-Core developers?  I tell them to introduce a few easy-to-miss bugs, and to advocate against certain changes that I know will cause chaos later.  If I can get trust in Bitcoin to waiver, it's been money well spent.
And THAT is why your consensus-for-everything idea won't work.  Because there WILL be bad actors somewhere, who will oppose or promote things for bad reasons.  
So I don't trust people.  I trust the crypto, and I trust the network, but I don't trust people.
Curious to hear if you have any thoughts on that...
//edit:  Also, would you agree that DDOS attacks have no place in this debate, and publicly disavow and condemn anybody who would DDOS attack a BIP-101 node or any other part of the network?
@_date: 2016-10-18 14:11:44


**Satoshi** didn't understand the Bitcoin network?  Are you really gonna make that argument?  Seriously?  


Why?  Increasing the limit from 1MB to 2MB back when the biggest blocks were 100KB wouldn't have made a lick of difference.  We just wouldn't be having problems today.  


I disagree with this, because you're conflating many possible issues.  
If you want censorship resistance, there are better choices with more anonymity and better encryption.  Why not use one of them instead?  (I'm not saying to shove off, I'm saying if that's the main priority there are better choices).  
Now I don't want to sacrifice censorship resistance any more than you do.  
But Bitcoin isn't worth $637/coin (as of right now) because it's censorship resistant.  There's not $637 worth of value in simply being resistant to censorship.  
Bitcoin is worth $637/coin because because it has the potential to disrupt financial systems.  That's why people like the Winklevoss twins are investing in Bitcoin, because it has the potential to disrupt old legacy systems like ACH and Western Union that have seen essentially zero innovation in the last 10-20 years.  
Put differently, people see value in Bitcoin because they can *use* it.  
But if you don't care about *using* Bitcoin, if you treat Bitcoin as crypto-gold, nothing but a censorship resistant store of value, it's only useful to a small handful of people.  By that vision, if anything we should *reduce* the block size, significantly increase transaction fees (perhaps to average $1/transaction or more), and discourage people from using Bitcoin for regular purchases.  Then if people want to buy stuff, you can bolt some extra stuff on top of Bitcoin that allows small transactions while minimizing Blockchain usage.  In that model, Bitcoin becomes ACH/wire transfer, while the 'bolt on extra' becomes Visa.  
That's not the vision I signed up for though.  I signed up for a Bitcoin that's open to everybody, and I think that's the vision Satoshi had as well.  That's my value proposition- a currency that I can use daily, and exchange any amount with anybody from anywhere in the world quickly and cheaply.  
And I suspect the people who push BTC to $637 share that vision as well.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 15:48:01


And yet, tons of merchants everywhere used it and loved it, because it was *good enough* for most smaller transactions.  Killing 0-conf kills bitcoin at point of sale.  Lots of people had a BIG problem with killing 0-conf (there was NOT consensus).  


That's only half correct.  
First, there's lots of good scaling stuff in the pipeline, but the really big stuff (payment channels, lightning, etc) is several months or more away from being ready.  A one-time increase to 2MB would buy time to finish those technologies without rushing them into service under time constraints.  
Second, the available resources increases as technology improves.  Software refinements increase capacity, such as libsecp256k1 reducing CPU usage, thin blocks reducing bandwidth usage, etc.  And the amount of available disk/CPU/bandwidth someone can spare increases over time as well.  
Therefore, as long as the growth of Bitcoin's resource consumption does not exceed growth of resources an average tech-savvy person can dedicate to running a full node, there's little reason to keep an artificial limitation set several years ago.  
Case in point- one of my first email accounts had (as I recall) a 10MB capacity with a 512KB per email limit.  I connected to this using a dial-up modem.  These limits made sense back then, because hard drives and bandwidth were expensive.  
Now a 4TB HDD is $160 on amazon (cheaper in bulk), and your average home connection in the US is around 20 or 30 megabits.  If my email box was still 10MB capacity with 512KB per email limit, that would no longer make sense because the technology has improved.  
Just the same, a 1MB limit made sense as a flood limit back when Satoshi put it in.  Since then the tech has improved, and the limit no longer makes sense.  


I really wish people would stop talking like this.  I have an opinion and I have references to back it up, you have an opinion and references to back it up.  There's no absolutely right or absolutely wrong answer, because this has never been done before.  Never in human history has tech and crypto and finance come together in this way.  We are in uncharted territory, figuring it out as we go along.  We should embrace that with a trailblazing spirit rather than insulting each other over technical disagreements.  
@_date: 2015-09-07 03:42:42
Okay, and what public good is served by doing this?
It doesn't help city residents, because with less competition, fares will rise and there will be fewer cars available.  
The only people it helps are the people who own medallions.  It's allowing them to prosper at the expense of everyone else.
I'm not a fan.
@_date: 2016-10-19 17:59:18
Easily.  To hard fork successfully you don't need 100% consensus, you just need a supermajority.  I'm going to explain why it worked from a technical perspective.  
I define 'success' as a hard fork where there is an obvious winner chain that will continue on, and an obvious loser chain that will end quickly.  As long as the result is a clear winner either way, there's no confusion about which chain has authority going forward, so the system continues to operate normally.  
Now let's use the Classic activation rule of 75% hash power supporting the fork before the fork begins.  And let's assume a worst case scenario (highest likelihood of disruption)- exactly 75% of the hash power supports the fork going forward, and the remaining 25% doesn't upgrade during the grace period and continues mining the old chain.  
Now first a bit of background- block mining is probabilistic.  The difficulty adjusts so a block is mined about once every 10 minutes, but that 10 minutes is because of current hash power.  If a large miner went offline, blocks would be found less than 10 minutes until difficulty adjusts (every 2016 blocks, which is about every 2 weeks, but if mining slows down it can be more than 2 weeks).  If a new large miner comes online all at once, blocks would be found more often than 10 minutes until difficulty adjusts (and since those 2016 blocks would be found faster, it would take less than two weeks).  
So you have a hard fork, and 75% of the hash power supports a new 2MB chain while 25% of the miners support the old 1MB chain.  At this point the two chains have the following properties:
- The 2MB chain will have blocks coming out at 75% of normal speed, or about 1 block per 12.5 minutes.  This means the transaction capacity of the 2MB chain is 1.5MB per 10 minutes (an increase of 50%), until difficulty adjusts at which point it'll be 2MB per 10 mins.  Assuming the fork happens right after a difficulty adjustment, it'll be 17.5 days for 2016 blocks to be mined and the difficulty to adjust again.  
- The 1MB chain will have blocks coming out at 25% of normal speed, or about 1 block per 40 minutes.  This means the transaction capacity of the 1MB chain is 250KB per 10 minutes (a decrease of 75%), until difficulty adjusts at which point it'll be back to 1MB per 10 mins.  Assuming the fork happens right after a difficulty adjustment, it'll be **2 months** for 2016 blocks to be mined and difficulty to adjust again.  
Obviously the chains will start in more or less perfect sync, and then diverge over time.  However the two chains will still talk to each other over the P2P network, so a transaction broadcast on one is likely to be valid on the other, for a little while after the fork at least.  That means lots of valid transactions which the 1MB chain will keep trying to include.
So you have a situation that &gt;1MB/10mins of transactions is coming in over P2P, which triggered the fork in the first place.  Suddenly one chain gets 50% more capacity, so it'll stay ahead of the load and happily process all the transactions sent to it.  The other chain loses 75% of its capacity, so it will instantly get hopelessly backlogged.  Almost any transaction will immediately confirm on the 2MB chain, while it will be very difficulty to get a transaction confirmed on the remainder of the 1MB chain without an insanely high fee.  *And this situation will persist for at least 3-4 weeks*.  
Based on this, I think it's clear which chain would win and which one would lose.  The miners on the 1MB chain would quickly abandon it in favor of the 2MB chain, and each time a miner leaves that pushes the difficulty adjustment even farther into the future.  
Now let's consider reality.  The reality is that Chinese miners are generally in favor of a 2MB hard fork, they are just hesitant to abandon Core in order to do it.  So it's very likely that as soon as the 75% threshold was reached, all or almost all of the miners would adopt whatever was going to win, meaning it'd be very close to 100%.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 17:38:34
No they don't what?  Don't have a preference on whether miners run Core-compatible code or not?  Or no they don't say publicly that miners are free to do as they please and Core doesn't care?
Assuming it's the former, then can you explain to me why the HK Roundtable agreement specified that miners would keep supporting Core?  Who called for that provision if not Core?
@_date: 2015-09-21 06:37:14
Well of course it's a drug.  Being able to conduct transactions and send money without ripoff fees generates a feeling of euphoria, so Bitcoin must be classified as a controlled substance.
And since mining uses electricity which can cause greenhouse gasses, I fully expect the EPA to declare Bitcoin is a pollutant, ATF will say it's a weapon, FCC will say it's a communication technology, etc etc etc.
Nobody's going to pass on their chance to regulate Bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-09-08 07:10:36


That's the problem with this whole discussion- it's turned into mud slinging and oppression of views.  That applies both ways.  To be blunt, the anti-XT policies in created a lot of that animosity.  You or Theymos can argue it's an altcoin on technical grounds, but that doesn't change the fact that a LOT of members think it's VERY relevant, and trying to stop an anti-censorship group from discussing something is never a winning strategy (see also Streisand effect).  That said, I'm also disappointed that even when an anti-XT person posts a rational, logical post arguing against XT it's automatically downvoted to oblivion.  
We all support Bitcoin, we just disagree on the path to make it succeed.  We need rational discussion of all the options, including XT, and why XT might be bad.  Unfortunately given a lot of current animosity that is difficult and IMHO probably won't happen unless either major changes are made or the block size issue is resolved one way or another.  


But you skip the fact that you're throwing the baby out with the bath water.  When we hit 1MB of REAL transactions, then even though poor people can run a node, we're necessarily telling some real transactions to get lost and letting them sit in the cache for eternity or perhaps write some code to reject them.  That, IMHO, is not an acceptable way to deal with spam.  
I'm all for stopping spam.  Remember spammers have to pay transaction fees.  If you want to have a conversation about what a transaction fee should be I welcome that.  If you want to make them dynamic based on network load I'm not opposed to that discussion, as long as it doesn't break that someone can easily and instantly make a payment and have it be relatively well trusted with zero confirmations.  None of this requires artificially small blocks though.  
More importantly- remember that transaction fees can be easily changed relatively quickly by consensus of miners.  Block sizes cannot, not without months of planning and migration of nodes and miners and other systems.  So it makes sense to raise the block size limit now, before we wish we'd done it earlier.
And if we raise the limit, miners are under no obligation to mine 8MB blocks.  They could keep their own block limits lower, but still accept larger blocks mined by others.


No obviously not.  But again that misses a key point- if we don't start to act very soon, we're not going to have enough time for a responsible low-impact fork before transactions start backing up.  BIP101 will likely take months to get to 75% if it does at all, even if Core supported it tomorrow.  And that says nothing for the proprietary implementations used by exchanges, mining pools, hosted wallets, etc.  All those will need time to adapt.  That time is now (IMHO the real time was back in 2014, or earlier this year, but I'll settle for now).  
This discussion (block size limit, not scalability) has been pushed down the road for far too long (another thing Greg's post glosses over).  If we'd been having a real proactive discussion about this back in 2014, we could have had a solution like "If 6000 of the last 10000 blocks are &gt;500KB, raise the limit to 2MB" or maybe "As of block ${someblockinlate2015} the limit is 2MB".  But it wasn't Gavin that kept kicking that can down the road.  It's the other devs, who either didn't want to talk about it or kept calling for infinitely more discussion with no solutions.  
Even now that's what's going on.  There official strategy is 'let's discuss this more in the workshops which won't finish until December, then let's discuss it more online so everyone can weigh in, then maybe sometime in 2016 we'll have a solution'.  Well 'sometime in 2016' we will hit 1MB blocks.  That's cutting it too close for me.  
IMHO, the best is the enemy of the good.  Even a quick raise to 1.5MB based on some triggerable logic would be fine, it would buy us another several months during which they can have all the workshops they want.  But I feel like the Core devs are so focused on the perfect answer that they reject the acceptable if imperfect answer.  


No, it shouldn't.  There are too many well-informed stakeholders in this discussion.  And the whole concept of Bitcoin is to trust hard info and crypto, not people.  "You should believe me because I tested it and it broke" is valid.  "You should believe me because I found flaws and here they are" is valid.  "You should believe me because I'm smarter than you are" is not valid.  
And that's the problem with your climate analogy- who says what doesn't matter, FACTS matter.  If the one famous guy has good facts and every other scientist has conjecture, then the one guy is right.  I don't care if he's Gavin or Mike or Greg or some random sk8rb0i1337 who just subscribed to bitcoin-dev, I will weigh the argument based on its own merit, not the merit of who is making the argument.  
Besides, like the old burger ad asks, "Where's the beef?"  Greg's post (like so many others) strongly implies there's a serious problem with an immediate large raise like BIP101 could implement, but other than more bandwidth for nodes, I've yet to hear a REAL criticism that isn't far outweighed by the problems a constant ever-increasing transaction backlog would create.  
And more importantly- a personal insult is 100% uncalled for.  It doesn't matter if this is the dev list or the used miner auction in some seedy Hong Kong basement.  The obvious reference is the guy with the beer hat is Gavin and/or Mike, both of whom are about as far away from 'drunk moron' as you can get.  Frustrated and impatient perhaps, but certainly not uninformed or lacking knowledge.  
And to loop back- that sort of personal attack is the type of thing that got us into this mess.  
Just my 2c :)
@_date: 2016-10-20 19:45:56


I never took those comments as attacks on Bitcoin.  I took them as desperate people pointing out that because we are not scaling, others are starting to gain popularity because their coins can do what ours can't.  They look at those gains as evidence that the market wants a scalable coin.  
@_date: 2016-10-19 03:46:18
I'm talking about long term issues.  You need to pick your vision though.  
If you support SegWit and Lightning, that's positioning Bitcoin as a transactional medium, which you just said you didn't support.  
You also completely ignored my question about Satoshi so I will ask again:  Do you believe Satoshi intended Bitcoin to work as a daily transactional system, or only as crypto-gold for hoarding wealth?
@_date: 2016-10-20 18:09:56
Well with the dev outcomes comment, Garzik was pointing at hard forks / block size issues, and more importantly how the Bitcoin economy would change if blocks fill up.  [Here's the post](  
Also with RBF, it was often stated that full RBF was the end goal even though many people very vocally said that full RBF should never be a thing.  
@_date: 2016-10-18 20:18:19
We're in :)  
If I seem overly patient, it's because I see no evidence that any bad actors are involved.  We all have lots of ideas and hopes for Bitcoin, and IMHO any Bitcoin agenda is better served by sharing our ideas and trying to end misconceptions than by bashing each other over the head and while saying our own ideas are the only good ones...
@_date: 2016-10-21 14:29:06




The Blockchain does not belong to Core and neither do the miners.  These are resources owned by thousands of individuals who choose to run a piece of software.  
If those people choose to stop running that software, that is their right.  If those people choose to run a different piece of software, which is only partially compatible with the first software, that's also their right.  
You do not have the right to dictate to those people what software they must run, or what software I should make available for them to run.  It's their hardware, their choice.  
Now if my software is only partially compatible with yours, and your software won't work as well in the future, that's not my fault or problem.  If the majority of users choose to run my software, that's your fault for not offering the best option.  
In the spirit of open source however you are welcome and encouraged to copy whatever code I have and integrate it into your software, to increase the performance of the people who don't switch to my software.  
My point is- it's easy to demonize Gavin and Classic and Unlimited, but remember the Blockchain and the Bitcoin network is made up of *volunteers*.  Those are the people who make the network work, without them there is no network.  Each has their own free will and can choose which software they want to run.  
This includes protocol revisions.  Other protocols have been extended numerous times since they were developed, sometimes by competing products, and the users decide which one is better.  
That's not hijacking, it's competition.  
@_date: 2016-10-21 15:19:22


I want to focus on this.  There's two types of change- changes to the code, and changes to the behavior.  
Let's say I'm driving in my car.  I'm cruising along at a nice leisurely 25MPH on cruise control.  I want to keep doing this forever and I don't want to stop or slow down or turn.  I say, 'no change' so I do not touch the wheel or pedals.  I'm happy.  I'm making no change in the code.  
Then I reach a T-intersection, and I drive into the side of a bridge.  That's a change- I now have an airbag in my face, my car is wrecked, and I'm no longer moving at 25mph.  This is a change in behavior- my car is no longer doing what I want it to do.  
Had I changed my code (turned left or right so I stay on the road) I'd still be driving at 25mph, and the code change would have been less drastic than the behavior change.  But because I didn't change the code when the situation changed, the behavior is now different.  
This is what Jeff Garzik was talking about.  By not changing the code, we effectively create a change in how the system behaves to the end user.  Or we can change the code, and the system will continue to behave the same as it did before.  
In short, as the situation changes (traffic increases), no change in code = change in behavior, change in code = no change in behavior.  
Does that make sense?
@_date: 2016-10-20 08:41:14




I'll actually agree that that is an ideal.  I would love for Bitcoin to be totally distributed and completely ungovernable by any one person or group.  I think this is the best possible future for Bitcoin, and is the closest to Satoshi's vision.  
But right now we have the worst of both worlds.  There IS a governing body of Bitcoin, and it's the small handful of people who write software for Core.  These people are, for the most part, deciding the direction that Bitcoin will go in and acting like a governing body.  And their big vision seems to be 'avoid hard forks at all cost'.
I cite as proof the whole mess about 'consensus'.  How is Consensus gained, and who must consent?  For the most part, the people on the Bitcoin-Dev mailing list, aka the Core coders and those in their orbit.  
Now in Satoshi's original vision, everybody would be a miner, so everybody would have a say in how the network runs.  Unfortunately mining centralized in China, so that leaves the majority of Bitcoin users without an official vote.  
Furthermore, Core has several times told the miners not to run software other than Core.  A perfect example of this is the Hong Kong Roundtable Agreement- where miners agreed to keep supporting Core.  Why would they agree to that if Core didn't ask for it?  
In a real 'open source' style system, developers don't cajole you into running their code.  They try to make their code better than the other guy's, so you WANT to run their code.  
Given that (currently) the Core dev team DOES have some 'governing' power over Bitcoin, it makes sense that someone with a vision for Bitcoin should be leading that effort.  Sometimes that's a coder, sometimes not.  
Hopefully in the future, Core will be just one of many implementations of Bitcoin, none having any more authority than the others.  Hopefully in the future, mining decentralizes a bit so more average users can mine profitably.  And hopefully in that future, Bitcoin actually does become ungovernable, because it will become impossible to impose anything on Bitcoin without the consent of the majority of the users.  
@_date: 2015-09-08 08:58:03


I agree with this very much.  But I must point out that the only reason this was necessary is because those Core developers who agree a raise needs to happen have not made it happen.  This is hardly a new problem, Gavin was talking about it since 2013, but couldn't get any traction.  That's not Gavin's fault, it's the fault of the other Core developers who were happy to sit back and ignore the problem.  
So when those Core devs who were ignoring the problem then complain about Gavin being irresponsible, I have to laugh.  Gavin tried to do the responsible thing many times but was rebuffed.  Now he's doing the least-irresponsible thing.  They can complain all they want, but it doesn't absolve them of letting the problem go unaddressed until the last minute.  
I also must weigh their current complaints against their prior actions.  In the past, this problem was brought to their attention but they either kicked the can down the road or said we need more discussion.  No serious productive discussion happened.  Now we're down to the wire and they still say let's discuss it.  Let's keep discussing it until 2016, with no schedule for when we should even start to DECIDE what to do about it.  Just more discussion.  
That to me gives them slightly less credibility in the debate.  When they say "trust us, we're experts" I don't trust them because those 'experts' let a formerly small and easily fixed problem fester until it became a community-wide crisis, and they're now blaming the one guy who actually tried to fix the problem they ignored.  
Now, as I said before, facts matter over reputation.  But when the only real 'fact' they have to present for why this wasn't done before is that nodes may need more bandwidth and storage (I really do look for others and haven't found much), and raising the block size limit is a binary case of either we make nodes more resource-intensive or we reject transactions, I have to ask why all the discussion is necessary.  
If we agree that block size limit must go up, and we agree that it has to happen soon, then the only thing left to discuss is how/when we raise it and by how much.  That doesn't need a workshop, it needs a few dev list threads and some consultation with affected parties (nodes/miners/etc).  If those involved put their heads together it would be solved in a week.  But I don't see that happening.


Yeah he does have to stick with it.  He's raised awareness but what's actually happened?  Core devs are still calling for more discussion.  They're not going to implement anything until next year, after the workshops and yet more discussion.  However the world is moving on around them- miners are liking BIP100 (because it puts them in control of Bitcoin's future, which may or may not be a good thing), and BIP101 got DDOS'd off the 'net for a while (although Slush is coming back online now).  
If Gavin didn't stick with the Bitcoin-XT thing, we'd have seen zero actual progress until Jan/Feb 2016 at the earliest.  
Now, **IF** the Core devs were actively working on implementing **ANY** sort of ACTUAL PLAN to increase the blocksize, I'd agree with you that he should pack it in and return to the consensus process.  But their plan is 'let's kick the can some more until the situation is even more urgent', and in my mind that's not a plan.  


I do worry about this.  There's some stuff in XT like the spam filter and tor priority system, which make sense, but IMHO actually SHOULD be discussed and considered before being implemented.  Maybe not for 3 years, but at least some discussion should happen.  


I'm not leaving.  I've been a Bitcoiner for years, and I still have faith in the tech, and the community.  And, FWIW, I have faith in you- we may disagree but you've shown yourself here and in previous discussions to be logical and not prone to emotional fits.  So kudos, for whatever it's worth.
That said- I'd respectfully point out that it's hard to have any factual discussion when discussion of the facts are banned by the subreddit mods.  I mean no disrespect, but if you (all the mods of especially Theymos) wanted a respectful factual discussion you shouldn't have ever banned those who want to discuss it.  Quarantine the discussion to a few threads maybe, but to make the mere mention of XT a bannable offense OBVIOUSLY would not go over well.
While the Core/XT split ruffled some feathers, it was only after the 'altcoin' nonsense and / bitcointalk anti-XT discussion policy that things got really really ugly, ugly to a degree I've never seen in open source projects.  
Again, I mean no disrespect when I say this, but with the low signal to noise ratio currently present, you guys have only yourselves to blame.  The 'altcoin' policy turned what used to be a controversial/contentious technical problem into a religious crusade for so many people on both sides.  Whatever community cooperation there was died when that discussion was banned.  
I'll be honest- of all the 'attacks' on Bitcoin I've seen, including regulation/bitlicense, DDoS, Core dev inaction, Gavin's hostile fork, miner consolidation etc; BY FAR the most effective attack on Bitcoin yet was the 'altcoin' policy.  Because with all those other issues, the majority of Bitcoin users and stakeholders were working together and helping each other.  'Altcoin' turned a fracture into a complete split, and pit the two sides against one another.  
Having watched history unfold, I really hope you now realize how incredibly harmful this highly divisive policy was to the Bitcoin community as a whole.  
As I said, I still have faith, and I'm not leaving.  But once the blocksize issue is resolved, it will take time for our community to heal.  And, I suspect, major changes.  
A large percentage of the community now views theymos as actively hostile to the best interests of Bitcoin (which has nothing to do with the Core vs XT argument).  I suspect true reconciliation won't happen until someone else is running the various BTC communities.  
Note- I'm not making an anti-theymos argument, just making an observation of others.  There's VERY little confidence in theymos's leadership among most XT supporters.  


This is exactly what I'm talking about.  That person came here for some real information and found a community having a civil religious war, a war that was largely fueled by accusations of censorship.
@_date: 2016-10-17 07:28:28
Am I?
Take the Hong Kong 'roundtable' agreement.  Why would it be part of the agreement that miners only use Core-compatible software?  The only reason I can think of is that Core asked for it.  
Has Core ever publicly said 'we don't care if miners run Bitcoin-Core or something else, they are welcome to choose a hard fork software if they want'?
@_date: 2016-10-21 16:00:24


This is an absurd argument.  It's like telling the boss, "I told you we'd delete mail when we hit 50GB.  If that's not cool, then stop using e-mail".  The boss would say 'fuck that, buy another hard drive and stop deleting my mail or you're fired".  If I refused, he would fire me and hire another sysadmin who'd upgrade the storage and fix the problem (and he'd be right to do it).  
Much the same, we expect and demand the system to adapt as needed.  When the change is technically feasible, we shouldn't refuse to do it just because 'them's the rules'.  If the rules no longer fit the situation, they should be changed.  


I assume you mean if the users hired me knowing that the server would delete mails when it got full...  
The company would reasonably expect that by the time the mail server got full, better tech would be available so they could simply upgrade it.  That's a reasonable assumption, just as it's reasonable to assume Bitcoin will grow as tech improves.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 16:47:46
Okay then let's decentralize.  Let's encourage multiple competing implementations, and officially leave it solely up to the miners to decide what protocol revisions get run and which ones don't.  I'm 100% in favor of this.  
Otherwise you have politics even if you pretend not to.  There's 15 or 20 coders who are making the decisions, so aside from asking/paying coders to do things, users and operators have no official voice other than refusing to run new software versions.  
@_date: 2016-10-25 11:06:16
Webster defines 'attack' as "to act violently against someone or something; to try to hurt, injure, or destroy something or someone"
If someone's stated intent is to make Bitcoin better, and their code is likely to accomplish that task, then it's not an attack.  
DDoS attacks were attacks.  51% attacks are attacks.  Offering miners a choice of different consensus rules is not an attack.  


Then by your definition, Bitcoin has failed and has always failed since the Genesis block.  
Remember the users are supposed to be the miners.  Mining was never supposed to be concentrated down to 8-10 Chinese guys.  Mining was supposed to be distributed among all Bitcoin users.  Put differently, the *users* (through their mining) are supposed to be in sole control of the network, not any single authority.  
However to prove that the miners are in sole control, let me posit you a scenario.  Let's say all the miners got together and decided that the block reward halving was no longer a good thing, and the reward should stay at 12.5BTC/block forever (removing the 21 million coin limit).  If 100% of the miners did this, at the point of the next reward halving, all the existing nodes would start rejecting their blocks.  
But unless someone came up with a LOT of hash power to replace those miners, or unless all the nodes changed their own consensus rules to force a difficulty reset, the miners' high-reward chain would continue pumping out blocks while the rest of Bitcoin would grind to a halt.  
Now of course there is a nuclear option as a 'checks and balances'- the rest of Bitcoin can abandon those miners, switch to an ASIC-proof PoW, and resume the old chain.  But at this point you will have two forks of a chain, and (essentially) two separate currencies, much like the Ethereum split.  So it's not a good option.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 03:12:03


Because it's important to create a 'rent market', since the building management shouldn't set the price of an apartment, rather the would-be tenants should get into a bidding war each month to decide who gets to have an apartment and who is homeless for a month.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 14:52:22
I could agree with that in concept, but there are three big problems.
1. As says, it's a blind auction.  You pick a number and either it works or it doesn't, and if it doesn't your transaction is delayed for hours or days or simply doesn't go through at all.  This sort of uncertainty is good for nobody.  
2. The only way to make it possible to boost your bid (replace by fee) also kills 0-conf.  Killing 0-conf kills the way a lot of people were actively using Bitcoin.  
3. There is no reason for those resources to be scarce, not at current levels at least.  Research has proven we can easily sustain double or triple the current block size with no ill effects, even on slower hardware.  So this whole exercise is painful and pointless.  
@_date: 2016-10-19 01:30:01
We can agree on this (I think):  
Centralization of power is a bad thing and should be avoided.  
Centralization of mining is a bad thing and should be avoided.  
If so then I point you to the original vision for Bitcoin, where the users *are* the miners.  That decentralizes and distributes ALL the power- anyone can write software, but it's the thousands of users who are mining that have the power to decide how the network operates.  
I feel that vision has been corrupted with mining centralization.  And yes it is '8 or 10 guys'- in the original Scaling Bitcoin meeting, there was a mining workshop that all the major Chinese miners attended.  There on stage was like 8 people who collectively represent 90+% of the hash power.  IMHO, the fact that people representing 90% of the hash power can fit in one *building* is a huge problem, let alone on one stage.  
But there is another place where power is centralized- the Core developers.  There are a group of maybe 10 or 20 people (the top contributors to Bitcoin-Core) who collectively determine what 'consensus' is.  If all of them agree, there's consensus, even if many others disagree.  If even one or two of them objects, there's no consensus and thus no change, even if most other people agree.  
I am NOT accusing Core devs of acting in bad faith.  I am simply pointing out that if you are against centralization as a concept as I am, then you have to recognize where centralization exists.  
If it was up to me- there would be no centralization.  There would be dozens of different implementations, and many thousands of miners.  No one dev team, even a well-intentioned one, could determine the future of Bitcoin.  Consensus would be decided not by 15-20 coders or those who post on their mailing list, it'd be decided by the people who use Bitcoin.  
I also think it's important to distinguish between Bitcoin-Core (the software), Core devs (the people), and Bitcoin itself.  This is something a lot of people get wrong IMHO.  Core Devs are a team that develops Bitcoin-Core, one of many implementations of Bitcoin.  However while they have assigned themselves Gatekeepers of the Protocol, I don't think that's a role they should have.  I think that's a role that should be up to the whole of the Bitcoin userbase.  


No, I mean Bitcoin-Core, the software.  They could run Bitcoin-Classic, or Bitcoin-Unlimited instead.  Both are just as much Bitcoin as Bitcoin-Core.  
@_date: 2016-10-19 08:01:38
To be totally honest- what I find frustrating about a lot of discussions with small-block fans is they present opinions as proven facts and then say you're not listening when you offer an alternate opinion.  
You say you have the same Internet as you did 10 years ago and that can't be fixed, which means a node can't be run in your area.  I agree that's dumb, but the argument could be made that rather than demanding the capabilities of the whole Bitcoin network are limited based on your connection, you should just run a node with only 2-3 max peers, or run your node on a cloud instance, or leave the nodes to the rest of the world with better Internet and just run SPV.  
I'm not necessarily making this argument, I'm posing it as an issue for discussion.  I hope you can understand the difference between entertaining an idea and accepting an idea.  
You stated a reason- upload bandwidth.  I then spent an entire post considering it.  I then pointed out some ways you could tweak your node to reduce Internet usage.  
If I've missed something, can you point out what exactly it is and what I've ignored?
Also, when I was talking about the first world, I meant technology wise.  If your internet is so badly capped that 70gb/mo is a real problem, you do not live in the first world of the Internet.  I mean no insult by that, it's just a fact.  Dialup users and many DSL users don't live in the first world of the Internet either.  
Therefore I think it's a valid argument (maybe) that rather than drag the whole network down to your level, we simply suggest you not run a full node from your home connection.  Or write to your government or ISP and demand better options.  I'm not MAKING this argument and suggesting this, I'm just posing it as a theory for discussion.  
Any thoughts?  Do you think it's a good trade to limit the scale of Bitcoin based on one country's bad Internet service?  Or do you think the additional nodes that would come from Australia are worth reducing Bitcoin's capability for the rest of the world?
@_date: 2016-10-16 19:30:25


A change in *policy*?  Not really, he's right on that (mostly).  One thing has changed, and that's that the Bitcoin-Core software now intentionally prunes the mempool by throwing away old low-fee transactions when the mempool grows too much.  That IS a change.  
However while there may not be a major change in policy, there is a major change in reality.  
Think of it this way: you live in an apartment building.  The building isn't full, so when someone wants to move in, they are given a new apartment.  Life is peachy.  
Then the building reaches full occupancy.  Someone else wants to move in, and now you are told that your apartment is going to cost 10x more than it did previously, because you and them have to bid for living space and whoever loses is kicked out and becomes homeless (because you have the only apartment building in the city).  
While this *policy* might have been around for a while, it didn't actually take effect until now.  Thus while there's not a POLICY change, there is a change in the reality of how things work.  
So with respect, I believe Pieter is hiding behind semantics.  By refusing to maintain the consistent *operation* of the network, and instead getting hyperfocused on the *policy* of the network, he and other Core developers are refusing responsibility for a problem that could be easily fixed.  
Research has showed us that 2MB blocks would not harm decentralization, and would cause no major network effects.  Refusal to implement a responsible hard fork before we hit the 1MB limit means Core is in a way setting policy, because through inaction they are allowing the operation of the network to change for the worse.  
**TL;DR:** That guy is drowning, that was the existing state of things when I arrived.  It's not my place to unilaterally decide whether he should be rescued or not, so I'm going to sit here in my boat and watch him drown until and unless everybody (including the 2 people who hate him and want him to die, and his angry ex-wife who'll get all his money if he dies) agrees I should save him.  It's important that this decision get full consensus because it changes the state of things.  Otherwise things should stay the same (he was drowning before, and will continue to drown).  
The fact that him drowning is a change by itself (in that he stops being alive) is irrelevant.  
@_date: 2016-10-11 06:38:40
We have two proposals.  
One will take a year to get 50% adoption because it's very technically complex.  At that point we have a 1.4MB block size.  This also carries an unknown (probably large) amount of technical debt that will have to be supported forever and ever.  
Another proposal is absurdly simple (change one byte of code) and can be implemented within a month or so, delivering 2MB blocks immediately on activation day.  This carries little or no technical debt and has been EXTENSIVELY researched (much of that research was done by the parent poster, who himself runs a large mining host).  
Advocating for the simpler, easier to implement solution is not 'digging in his heels'.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 17:11:29
I don't want a charismatic leader.  But as long as one open source project is 'in charge' of Bitcoin, there's still a central management.  
Right now, there are two people who have enormous power over Bitcoin:  Adam Back (guy who employs many of the more prominent Core devs), and Wladimir van der Laan (lead maintainer, Bitcoin-Core).  Get either or both of them on your side (or just blackmail them) and you have a LOT of influence over Bitcoin.  Perhaps not perfect control, but a lot of influence.  Or get maybe 3-5 main developers and you have enough to block consensus on an issue you don't like.  
Would you really think a state actor or a global bank WOULDN'T at least try this, when billions of dollars are on the line?  
For the record, I want decentralization as much as humanly possible.  I want multiple competing implementations from different development groups, with a robust 'decision market' made up of the majority of Bitcoin users (not just the few that subscribe to Bitcoin-Dev).  
@_date: 2016-10-17 11:02:00
I'm very glad I could do that for you :)  
Something I want you to keep in mind though- I have my opinions on where Bitcoin should go, and so does everybody else.  I believe that my/Gavin's vision for Bitcoin is both closer to what Satoshi intended, and also will create a better, stronger Bitcoin that's more useful for everyone.  While I have references to back up that opinion, and I believe my argument is stronger than the arguments used by Core and their supporters, it's still just an opinion, and there are others who would disagree.  
In the end, I think this is one issue where right or wrong can only be judged by history.  We are in uncharted waters, this is the first time technology and cryptography and finance have come together to make a real currency out of nothing but bits and bytes.  This is an experiment on a grand scale.  
My point- nobody 'knows' how this will turn out.  We all have opinions (and strong ones at that), but none of us have solid answers because this has never been done before.  Not me, not LukeJr, not even Gavin.  
So if you are 'thinking more, undecided, contemplating', I think that's a really good place to be.  Don't feel the need to 'take a side'.  This doesn't have to be a holy war, and it shouldn't be one.  Because we all want Bitcoin to succeed, we just disagree on how to get there.  
That said, there is one issue which I will take a strong and definitive stand on- censorship and DDoS attacks.  Censorship of ideas or software (by policy or by attack) has no place in Bitcoin, and I am strongly against censorship in any form.  There has been censorship of hard fork ideas both here in in the Bitcointalk web forum, and the bitcoin-dev mailing list, and attacks against nodes running non-Core software.  I believe that when censorship and attacks are used to silence dissenting ideas, that is never, EVER a good thing.  
@_date: 2018-04-28 00:17:10
Honestly- don't make it transmit 60 networks.  All those beacons will take up airtime and clog the network list.  
What would be better- implement a light DHCP server, DNS resolver, and captive portal web server.  So you connect to it (no password) and then load a web browser and it delivers a few basic HTML pages explaining why and how to buy Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 21:00:25
Obviously scaling does not happen in a linear manner (as a transaction load graph going back to 2009 will show).  
However that doesn't multiply volume by 10x overnight.  And in the time it takes to get from 1MB to 10MB, we'll have a lot more options for scaling.  
@_date: 2016-10-19 04:54:31
Okay let's focus on decentralization for a minute, because I think that's one of the more important issues we face.  
A few things I think we can agree on (let me know if not):  
1. It's best if all users do at least some Bitcoin mining, and if not mine then at least run a full node.  The more miners and nodes there are, and the more widely they are spread out, the more secure the network is.  We should encourage all Bitcoin users to run nodes and (if financially feasible) mine.  
2. Most 'average home users' use primarily laptops instead of desktops, and since a laptop is not on 24/7 and it has no ASICs, such a user can neither mine nor run a full node.  
3. There are however many thousands of tech-savvy Bitcoin enthusiasts who have a desktop or server or NAS or Raspberry Pi or similar device that can run 24/7.  These people could run full nodes, but based on node counts, most don't bother to.  
4. Therefore, we want to ensure that the resources required to run a full node (CPU/disk/bandwidth) are within what a tech-savvy user can easily and casually spare without too much extra concern and ideally little or no extra cost.  Keeping these requirements reasonable ensures more people will be able to run full nodes which improves network security.  
I think we agree on these things in general principle, yes?  
Therefore, we must ask what amount of resources is your average tech-savvy Bitcoin user willing to spare to run a node?  If we ask for 50mb of disk, 2% of a single core of CPU power, and 10 kbit/sec of bandwidth, the users that aren't too lazy to install it won't think twice about that (but the network will be resource-constrained).  If we ask for a terabyte of disk, multiple CPU cores, and 10+ megabits of bandwidth in+out, we get lots of network resources but a lot of tech-savvy users wouldn't even have that to spare without buying more stuff.  So we want to be somewhere in the middle.  
We must also consider that **as technology improves, what users have 'spare' also improves**.  Right now, the whole Blockchain is about 86.5 GB.  There was a time when that would be two 60GB hard drives that would cost $200+ apiece.  
Today, the smallest hard drive I can buy is around 250GB and that's a $25 old stock of an outdated model.  I've got a pile of junk HDDs between 120GB and 1000GB that are all spare and the only reason they're not in the trash is because I haven't gotten around to secure-erasing them yet.  
10 years ago, my Internet bandwidth was less than half of what it is now.  My current CPU is several years old, and it's easily 5-10x more powerful than the one it replaced.  I run 8GB RAM, which is considered standard, 10 years ago only crazy video graphics people would put a full 8GB of RAM in a computer.  
So the result of this is that **the amount of resources required to run a node should *at most* keep pace with the advancement and usage of technology.**  If node resources increase faster than what tech savvy users have to spare, then fewer will run nodes and that's a Bad Thing.  
Do we (more or less) agree so far?  Please let me know if you object to any of this.  
So let's talk numbers.  There are 525,600 minutes in a year, which means about 52,560 blocks per year.  If each of those blocks is exactly 2MB, that's 105 GByte/year worth of block data.  Jonathan Toomim's research last year showed that the CPU load of such a thing would be minimal with libsecp256k1, even a low end consumer NAS device doesn't run into issues until you hit 3-4mb blocks (and you get verification delays of a minute or more on the NAS).  And while bandwidth varies depending on many other issues, you can rate-limit the bandwidth pretty easily.  
Therefore, I think the ACTUAL cost of running a full node with 2MB blocks, at this moment, is well within what a power user / enthusiast can willingly spare.  I argue that we shouldn't be afraid to go to 2MB blocks (especially when we consider there's not 2MB worth of transaction data, so even if we raised the limit to 2MB we wouldn't actually get 2MB blocks for months or years.  
I suspect somewhere in this last paragraph you started to disagree with me, so I'm curious to hear your answer :)
@_date: 2016-10-18 13:13:35
Wanting to change the direction of Bitcoin, and wanting to make an altcoin, are two totally different things.  
Wanting to change the direction of Bitcoin, and trying to steal the resources of Bitcoin, are also totally different things.  
Nobody wants to steal anything, and if you really believe that Gavin is out to 'steal resources' then you've been reading too much propaganda.  
@_date: 2016-10-21 18:51:45


I would actually agree with that.  If one has to choose between being secure or handling more users, I choose security.  I don't think that choice necessarily exists yet tho.  


I think I worded that badly.  Better would be 'as long as network resource consumption increase at a rate so as to not significantly reduce the number of full nodes, there's no reason Bitcoin shouldn't scale to fit my needs'.  
What I mean by that- Having as many nodes as possible is important for security.  If you were going to tell me 'we can scale to 2MB today but it will reduce the count of full nodes from 5000 to 2500', I'd tell you to wait because that's not worth it.  But if you were going to tell me that 'we can scale to 2MB today but it will reduce the count of full nodes from 5000 to 4900, and the 100 that drop out are 8 year old consumer NAS boxes with shit CPUs' I'd say go for it, because in the end scaling will attract more users which means more full nodes which means more overall security.  


Nah, I don't think so.  I'd rather present my case to the people who currently run Bitcoin-Core and let them decide.  Besides if I don't persuade 75% of the miners to switch, nothing will happen.  
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:20:11
I'm not losing any sleep either.  
I just don't think it should be encouraged.  I think we should, as a whole, try to be above this sort of thing.  
BTC fans don't like Roger Ver.  BCH fans don't like Greg Maxwell or Adam Back.  That's all fine.  
But the split happened.  Let's all focus on promoting and developing our preferred coins rather than throwing sand at each other.  Continuing to 'fight', light hearted or not, makes it look like we can't move on.  
That's just my 2c :)
@_date: 2015-09-15 05:53:02
Still, the 3rd party is probably "Bob's Bitcoin BTM Service", a hobby of some local Bitcoin enthusiast who owns 3 or 4 BTMs.  Not "Universal ATM Service Corp", which owns 250 ATMs each of which collects $100+/day in fees...
@_date: 2015-09-09 12:31:17
An honest question (from someone who didn't downvote this)...
It seems a slippery slope.  If the max block size is enforced by nodes to prevent a majority of the miners from changing it, what if a majority of the nodes AND miners change it?  Is Bitcoin (the principle, the design, or the protocol) intending to protect against this?
I would argue that Bitcoin makes no promises at all, other than that a minority cannot change things without a majority approval, and the majority is disincented from making harmful changes by their own economic self-interest.  So if a majority wants a change, for better or for worse, things will change *and this is by design*.
Because if the majority is not deciding what should change and when, then who is?  Or are changes of any major sort just not something Bitcoin should ever do?
Honestly curious to hear your 2c...
@_date: 2016-10-20 20:57:48
I think actually we somewhat agree on things...


Obviously not.  
Speaking conceptually (not relating to any specific proposal, and not trying to make any point just yet)-- I think we agree that it's beneficial to keep a lot of nodes running, and a full node should be able to run in what resources (CPU/disk/bandwidth) an average tech savvy user can spare.  As tech improves, what an average tech savvy user can spare will increase.  But to keep a lot of nodes running, node resource consumption can (at most) keep pace with the increase in technology.  As long as it does, we don't lose nodes due to lack of resources, so everything's peachy.  
Of course this is nice for 1MB blocks and 2MB blocks and maybe 4-8MB blocks but it's not going to scale Bitcoin to thousands of on-chain TPS.  Per the latest research I've seen (JToomim's presentation last year) today we can safely handle 3-4MB blocks, but not much more.  We can push that a little with thin blocks and libsecp256k1 to reduce CPU and bandwidth usage, but even with that if you get much beyond 5-8MB or so you start losing small node devices (Raspberry Pi, consumer NAS box, etc).  Even if we forget them (which I think is a bad idea) if we go much farther we start hitting bandwidth limits on residential Internet connections.  
Point is, on-chain transactions CAN scale to handle *LINEAR* growth for the next few years, maybe a decade if we're lucky.  But I think we can agree that linear growth is not an ideal scenario.  We want exponential growth and mainstream adoption, so at some point within the next few years we'll need something more than bigger blocks.  
By the way, I should mention that SegWit as a scaling system is nothing more than an accounting trick.  We move some data outside the block so it doesn't get counted by non-SegWit nodes, but it doesn't reduce resource usage- much the same amount of data is used on the wire and on disk.  So I don't see any benefit of SegWit for scaling vs. a block size limit increase.  
For long term scaling- I really *really* like the idea of Lightning, Payment Channels, etc.  The idea of being able to support thousands of small transactions per second while taking up minimal block space is very appealing.  I think there's significant engineering work to be done before those technologies are ready, and once they come online whatever there is we'll be stuck with for a LONG time.  
So IMHO it makes sense to take the pressure off now, keep block size limit ahead of transaction volume at least for the next couple years of linear growth.  Then at the same time, focus resources on developing things that can scale exponentially like Lightning and payment channels.  
@_date: 2016-10-21 17:24:27


We is anyone who is involved in coding Bitcoin, or planning/advocating the future of Bitcoin.  
As for 'bad for Bitcoin', I mean in general- bitcoin users/adoption/usage, regulation, etc.  


And I'm talking about both.  As long as network resource consumption doesn't increase faster than new tech increases what an average tech savvy user can spare to run a full node, there's no reason Bitcoin shouldn't scale to fit my needs.  


Thanks, sounds like a great plan, I'll do that.  Mind not trying to persuade people I'm committing some kind of theft by asking them to follow me?
@_date: 2016-10-28 14:05:27
I think you've answered your own question.  
You accuse him of lots of stuff, but only from one POV.  To many Bitcoiners, "Further damage came when he openly advocated revolution and supported 2 failed forks." would benefit his reputation rather than damage it.  
To those people, Gavin is neither a fallen hero nor a plant to disrupt Bitcoin, they see him as Satoshi's chosen successor who made the mistake of not staying in power (stepped down as lead maintainer) and then was forced to try and effect change from the outside.  
Personally I try to avoid cults of personality.  I think we all can agree vouching for 'satoshi' before proof was given was dumb, but I generally agree with him more than I disagree (for technical reasons).  That doesn't deify him though.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 08:04:42
While I get that this is supposed to be a parody, I think there's a bit of truth in it.  
Core devs are EXCELLENT coders and cryptographers.  I have complaints about Core, but code quality is not one of them.  
However a project like Bitcoin-Core needs more than quality code- it needs vision, and it needs leadership.  I believe Gavin has those qualities more than Core does.  
@_date: 2016-10-27 16:04:21
He tested larger blocks on several devices, some inside and some outside China's firewall.  
The only limit he found was some small embedded devices with slow CPUs couldn't verify transactions at more than 3-4MB/10mins without getting bogged down.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 08:56:07
Glad to help!
Also in case you're wondering about what slaydky said- Roger Ver (aka is one of the more prominent names in Bitcoin.  He's been around for several years, owning a couple of Bitcoin-based ecommerce sites, and he also owns the Bitcoin.com domain name.  Bitcoin.com added a discussion forum after the bitcointalk forums started to be censored.  
Roger Ver is currently the head mod of Thus the 'troll gathering place brought by Troll Ver' comment.  
Roger Ver is a vocal proponent of increasing the block size by hard fork (as Gavin Andresen is trying to do).  
@_date: 2016-10-19 00:04:33


And if the network becomes so clogged that only people who can afford very high fees can use it, how does that affect things?  Is that not a form of censorship?  


I think Bitcoin should be one thing.  You think Bitcoin should be something else.  But before we start bickering about what Bitcoin 'should' be, there's really only one person who can answer that- Satoshi.  Fortunately everything Satoshi said is on the record.  
So I ask you this:  Can you dig up some proof that Satoshi intended for Bitcoin to be like you describe (crypto-gold that's mainly designed for hoarding and not for regular transactional use)?  
**If you can show me some proof that Satoshi didn't intend for Bitcoin to be used for day-to-day transactions, then I will very seriously consider leaving** and finding some more transactional altcoin to play with.  
This is not rhetorical, I am quite serious.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 17:12:39
Okay, then my questions stand.  
If I'm making it up, and Core has no preference on whether miners run Core-compatible code or not, then why was it in the HK Roundtable agreement that miners would keep running Core-compatible code?  
And if you want to totally prove that I'm making it up, can you point to an instance where Core has publicly said that they don't care if miners run Core-compatible code or not, and that miners are free to choose a hard fork software if they want, because whether they do or not is not something Core is interested in?
@_date: 2016-10-20 18:38:28


Bitcoin should adapt to the people who use Bitcoin.  The world should then adapt to the possibilities that opens up.  :)


So what's the bus then?  
@_date: 2016-10-23 18:35:14


Sure it is.  I cite as proof the fact that a 51% attack is an actual thing that has a name.  If 51% of the miners can significantly change or damage Bitcoin, it's a democracy.  
I cite also as proof the fact that several proposals now have involved miner voting.  SegWit is a current one but there have been other non-controversial ones in the past.  


And this is why the 1MB thing should never have been added to consensus rules.  
But you DO rely on a majority to confirm your transactions.  Because of how difficulty is calculated, if a majority of miners created a new chain, the old chain would be mostly useless.  


I have not seen any social attacks.  Can you point them out for me?  
If you're referring to the various non-Core hard fork proposals, those change consensus rules.  But, consider this- to change the consensus rules, they require a consensus of their own!  If we don't get 75% of miners supporting the new rules, they don't take effect.  If we do get 75% of miners, isn't that a sort of consensus?  
Besides, I don't consider that an attack, I consider that offering miners a choice of which software they will run.  They're welcome to ignore it and tell me and those like me to fuck off, and if &gt;25% continue to do so, then myself and other hard fork advocates will be little more than a noisy footnote in Bitcoin's history.  And that's the way it should be.  I believe in the power of the majority.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 21:01:31
Would you care to explain why you feel that being limited to 1MB every 40mins while there's 1+mb/10mins of transaction load WON'T cripple the losing side of the chain?
@_date: 2016-10-19 09:38:07
when did I mention SegWit?  I didn't.  I am talking about the philosophy of Bitcoin and how it should be implemented and for what goals.  SegWit is a detail outside the scope of this conversation.  
Now on full nodes- you can run a full node with only 3 peers connected.  You can run a full node with 8 peers connected.  You can run a full node with thousands of peers connected.  This is a setting that you can adjust.  It's still a real full node (not a SPV node)


I am interpreting bandwidth as instantaneous speed in bytes per second, and data as a usage allotment in gigabytes per month.  Do I have it wrong?  
Your calculator page said 2MB blocks with 8 peers connected would use about 70GB/month, with an average upload speed of about 500kbit/sec.  If you can't handle either of those you can reduce your peer count and run a smaller full node.  
But let's go back on segwit, shall we?  If everybody starts using segwit transactions, then the *effective* size of a block will be 2MB (1MB of block data + 1MB of witness data).  **If you are running a SegWit node and everyone uses SegWit, you will have just as much data/bandwidth usage as if we just had 2MB blocks.  There is literally zero savings in data or bandwidth.**  When we compare SegWit with larger blocks, the only difference is SegWit uses accounting tricks so some of the bytes aren't counted, and SegWit also cleans up some other stuff like transaction malleability.  The data usage is identical.  
So if you're going to argue that 2MB blocks will harm centralization by preventing you from running a node, you should be aware that SegWit does the exact same thing.  
@_date: 2016-10-18 13:16:54
No reason was given because it was added in secret- he asked those who saw it not to talk about it publicly.  
I suspect he realized that flooding would be a vector to take down the network, so he put in a (hopeful) fix, but also didn't want to signal to people that there was a vulnerability.  
And as said, once this came up for discussion later, he said it would be easy to remove- just pick some block far in the future (a few releases away) and say as of that block the new maxblocksize is something else.  
This was a great strategy back when bitcoin-qt was the only real software running on the network, and also it assumed the limit would be raised before it was reached.  
@_date: 2016-10-16 20:58:24
If that was the case, then Core devs wouldn't fly out to China to threaten miners every time miners start talking about using alternative software.  They would accept that miners are free to independently choose what to run, and they would let their software stand on its own merits.  
Furthermore, because mining IS centralized in China, and the Chinese have not yet decided to fork, people are forced to play by Core's rules.  
So while there is no legal impediment, there are practical impediments.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 09:53:26
Having many implementations (ideally with different codebases) also means limited vulnerability to any one particular bug.  This is true with every other protocol- web browsing, SMTP, DNS, etc etc.  


That makes it difficult for certain changes to come about.  If the technical community doesn't have a LOT representation from users, nodes, and operators (Coinbase/BitPay/etc), it becomes dominated by a handful of coders who can kill a popular proposal before the miners even get a chance to vote on it.  
I much prefer an open model, where forking and developing an alternative are perfectly acceptable and people can then vote with what code they run.  That way you have a much more direct democracy, because a popular change doesn't have to first clear its way through a single group of coders (who can be influenced).  
Consider the influence thing for a minute- if a government wanted to influence or kill Bitcoin, it's pretty easy to blackmail or buy off 15 or 20 people.  But if those 15 or 20 people have no real authority, because if they do something unpopular people will just stop running their code and run something else, then it becomes a lot harder to influence Bitcoin in that manner.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 16:43:34
I think Gavin's biggest mistake was stepping down as lead maintainer.  Like Linus Torvalds, he found himself becoming a cat-herder while he'd rather be a coder and computer scientist.  But I think he would have been much more useful as lead maintainer.  


There are some that are promising.  Ethereum for example has a hash-resistant PoW that requires a 1GB dataset, which drastically increases the cost of an ASIC.  The computation itself is also far more complex, lending itself better to general purpose CPUs/GPUs than ASICs.  


True, but the cost of this is mining centralization.  I don't think that's a worthwhile tradeoff.  
Botnets are bad of course, but unless the botnet can do a 51% attack, they are ultimately helping the network.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 17:13:39


I agree with this, mostly.  
But right now we have leaders whether we want them or not- the 15 or 20 main coders for Core make up the majority of Bitcoin decisions.  While anyone can subscribe to bitcoin-dev, there's not much representation of users or operators (Coinbase, BitPay, etc) in that forum and it's not terribly accessible for most users.  
Core wants to scale by adding a lot of technical complexity.  I'm not so sure that's the best way to stay strong and antifragile...
@_date: 2016-10-21 15:41:45
If you mean the consequences of not changing direction, then that is YOUR failure / core's failure to realize the consequences of not scaling.  
Let me try another analogy.  I get hired to set up a mail server at a business.  I spec a server with a good CPU, lots of RAM, and 50GB of high speed RAID for mail storage.  I set the server to start deleting old mail once the disk is full so new mail can come in.  
I explain this all to the boss and it's all good.  
Then one day the server hits 50GB of mail and people start losing their saved messages.  They come to me and say WTF why is the server deleting my mail, it didn't used to do this before?  I say 'nothing has changed, it's working exactly the same as it was before!' and give them the thumbs up.  
While I am technically correct, so are they.  The server has not changed and it's still running the same rules, but how it behaves to the users is now different.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 17:50:24
That's a very different thing.  
The ETH split was EXTREMELY contentious, much more so than the Bitcoin split.  That wasn't a case of 'we both like Ethereum we just disagree on how to improve it', that was a case of 'we fundamentally disagree on what Ethereum should be'.  There you had people actively promoting the weak side of the fork, and because of how Ethereum mining worked, it was possible for them to maintain the weak side as a new coin.  
Furthermore, Bitcoin's clumsy difficulty adjustment system means such a split would be nearly impossible for Bitcoin.  Our difficulty adjusts down VERY slowly, meaning any significant loss of hash power (50% or more) will cripple the network for many weeks if not months.  
I ran the numbers on this a while back- if 75% of hash power did a hard fork, and 25% of hash power kept mining the original chain, it would be close to two months before that original chain got anywhere close to full capacity again.  In that time it would be trying to mine all the transactions from the new chain (as they'd share nodes).  The new chain would quickly get bogged down to the point of uselessness, while the new chain would work just fine.  
Thus, if a 75% hard fork actually happened, it's most unlikely that any useful amount of hash power would stay on the old chain.  Miners want to get paid.
@_date: 2016-10-18 15:17:47


You're confusing block size with block size limit.  If we'd had 2MB blocks back in 2009 we might have had a problem.  Hell, if we had 1MB blocks the day Satoshi put in the 1MB limit, we might have had a problem as Internet speeds weren't as fast back then.
But we didn't have 1MB blocks back then, because there wasn't 1MB worth of transactions to put in blocks.  Just as there aren't 2MB worth of transactions to put in blocks today.  In fact, if Satoshi had made the limit 2MB, there still wouldn't be 2MB worth of transactions today, because the limit is not what controls the average block size.  Transaction load is what controls the average block size, and if you don't get 2MB worth of transactions you don't get 2MB blocks.  
In fact, if there was no transaction limit at all, we'd still have the same block size growth as we did over the last several years, because until we started hitting the limit earlier this year, the limit wasn't having any effect whatsoever on block size.  
Furthermore, Jonathan Toomim did some research on this and found that we could safely do 3-4MB today (well, as of late last year) without any problems.  The only device that had any sort of trouble whatsoever in his test was a cheap consumer NAS device someone loaded Bitcoin software on.  


No, it's not.  It might be the only value proposition to YOU, but that doesn't mean it's the only value proposition to other people.  
Consider this- if other people ONLY valued Bitcoin as a censorship resistant store of value, why are Coinbase and BitPay selling services that let you spend Bitcoins on day-to-day purchases?  Wouldn't it seem more logical to avoid clogging the blockchain with people buying coffee and clothing?  Why are other companies making Bitcoin-fundable credit cards?  Doesn't that seem misaligned with a value store system?  
More importantly, why do people keep bringing up Visa and their 10,000 TPS when talking about scalability?  Surely if Bitcoin is just crypto gold, we shouldn't care about Visa?  
Fact is my friend, YOU may only value censorship resistant e-gold, but other people value Bitcoin for other uses.  
And fact is, if you JUST want a censorship resistant store of value, there's lots of much better coins for that than Bitcoin.  
@_date: 2016-10-24 00:46:39


That's a good point.  Bitcoin is stable and has clawed together enough respect that people talk about it on CNBC.  Ethereum is viewed as an upstart crypto project with little mainstream attention.  So when ETH hard splits and you have two chains with confusion and replay attacks and whatnot, that's just kids messing around with money nobody's heard of before, but if BTC has problems, that's of course proof that this whole cryptocurrency thing is a minefield of danger and must be regulated to keep investors safe (or some such nonsense).  
I agree the Internet probably couldn't be invented in today's climate.  Too many interests trying to co-opt it for their own uses.  


I agree with this 100%.  I'm just not convinced that soft fork segwit is safer and less likely to fuck things up than a safe 75+% hard fork...
@_date: 2016-10-11 22:13:21
I haven't been paying much attention to Ethereum.  
I know there was a permanent contentious split over differences in direction for the project.  Aside from the fallout as a result of the argument, have there been any actual *technical* disasters happening with them?
@_date: 2016-10-20 18:01:39
I think the thing he didn't see was mining being multiplied with GPUs and ASICs.  
When GPU mining first came out, Satoshi begged for a moratorium on GPUs but of course he was ignored.  GPUs became FPGAs, FPGAs became ASICs, and soon the only way to make any money mining was to be buying ASICs in bulk from a fab and manufacturing them yourself.  
If it wasn't for that, if mining was still done on CPUs, Bitcoin would be in a very different space today...
@_date: 2016-10-21 16:08:19


In a sense it is.  We serve the users and miners and nodes of Bitcoin.  Bitcoin exists for the purpose of serving those who use it and own BTC.  This is something a lot of people seem to forget.  If something is bad for the users, it's bad for Bitcoin.  


Far from impossible.  As long as technology improves faster than the storage requirement, I just buy a new hard drive every year and the capacity continually increases.  
I can buy a 10TB HDD on Amazon for a few hundred bucks.  Go back 10-15 years and 10TB might not fit in a *room*.  Technology improves, that's a constant.  


Honest non-rhetorical question:  Why should I?  If the limits can be easily and safely extended, why should I curtail my own activity to maintain limits that are no longer needed?
@_date: 2016-10-17 21:29:51
"An argument asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence"
@_date: 2018-04-28 04:13:25
Well that looks like a little hobbyist gadget, a small microcontroller (Arduino probably) with a wifi radio on the board.  So I suspect it can be programmed to do a lot of things.  
That said- if the tutorial you read said 'wifi jammer' then I would stop there and find another tutorial.  In the US, jamming (intentionally sending a signal that disrupts other people's legal radio communications) is illegal and the FCC takes any reports of jamming seriously.  
As described, even with a 'bitcoin' SSID, that device IS a jammer- it is flooding whatever channel it's on with beacon packets (meaning that other users can't fully utilize that channel), and its 60 fake networks will flood the network selection screen on your phone or laptop.  Since it's disrupting the use of WiFi by others, that sounds like jamming to me.  I would encourage you to not use this device until you can figure out how to program it to only put out one network, with a low beacon rate (1/second).  
Also, consider that if people see this as jamming, it will reflect badly on Bitcoin.  That's not the kind of publicity we want.  It makes us appear desperate and sophomoric, like the only way we can get attention is by flooding the airwaves.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 20:58:13


That's how a debate works.  
I see you responded to several of my threads with personal insults, but have made no effort to correct my supposed misinformation.  
I'm always interested in a respectful debate, but that appears to not be what you're here for.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 19:41:43
He did.  
His exact words:  






@_date: 2016-10-18 13:11:01
Then you are arguing in favor of centralization- that developers and not users/miners should make the decisions.  
For the record- miners were not supposed to be the huge conglomerates they are today.  Remember that when Bitcoin started, mining was built into the client- the users WERE the miners so 'leaving it up to the miners' meant the users would decide where things would go.  That was always the point- keep mining distributed among the users, so no one miner gets too powerful, and the users are in control of the currency.  
Then set the network up so it's more profitable to help the network than to attack the network, and most people will act in a useful capacity because it's in their interest to do so.  
I'll remind you that when GPU mining came out, Satoshi begged for a moratorium on it because he knew that one guy with a shelf full of Radeon cards could blow away dozens of average CPU miners.  He knew this would centralize mining out of 'the masses' and into the few people who could afford the best GPUs and had cheap power.  Nobody listened of course, and now 8-10 guys are responsible for 90+% of the world's mining.  
I suspect if Satoshi had known this would happen, he would have chosen a more complex, ASIC-resistant PoW algorithm from the beginning.  
Now as for the miners today- they have shown a willingness to take lower transaction fees if it means more long term growth.  So I'd hardly say they are 'directly opposed to what is actually healthy for Bitcoin'.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 18:38:31
No, that won't get us anywhere near Visa's TPS.  But that doesn't matter.  
Remember it's taken us years to get from 0 to 1MB.  Even at pre-crunch growth rates, it will take years more to get from 1MB to 10MB.
By that time we'll have lots of other tech to take much of the load off chain.  Sidechains, Lightning, payment channels, off-chain payments (Coinbase etc), and lots more things in the pipeline.  
Also, scaling to 10MB isn't a huge problem storage-wise.  Amazon will sell me a 4TB HDD for about $160.  At 1.4GB/day (full 10MB blocks), that will keep me going for 2,857 days, or about 7.8 years.  By that time, I'm sure drives much bigger than 4TB will be cheap as hell.  
We'll also have more options for pruning the chain a node stores on disk.  If you download and verify the chain from the beginning, then you can safely keep the current UTXO set and dump the rest.  This allows anyone who trusts their own storage device to act as a mostly full node.  
@_date: 2016-10-22 00:31:07


I'd argue that we've heard plenty of FUD about the dangers of hard forks.  


If number of nodes doesn't affect security, then why not just forget all the slow ones and increase the block size to 5-10mb?


Different situation.  They had a 75% majority, but the 25% minority intentionally wanted to create a forked altcoin.  
You and I (as proxies for Core and Classic) might strongly disagree on how Bitcoin should scale and which plan is better, but neither of us want to create a second coin.  We both want what's best for the network, we just disagree about what that is.  
If the ecosystem rejected a hard fork and activated SegWit, I would embrace SegWit because at that point, that would be the best thing for the network.  If I told people to fight SegWit after it activated, if I told nodes to stop relaying SegWit transactions, I would only be harming the network.  
I think (hope) the same is true for you- that if BIP109 or Bitcoin Unlimited hit their threshold and activated, I don't think you would encourage people to keep mining on the losing chain (at least I hope you wouldn't) because doing so would just keep the losing chain alive longer and further disrupt the network.  And I strongly believe that if 109 or BU did activate, Core would release a version which supported the new blocks.  They'd do this because NOT doing it would create more harm than good.  
In Ethereum, it wasn't a difference of strategy, it was a difference of core principles.  Recognizing that they lost, the minority decided to instead fork the chain to create an altcoin.  The result was, of course, a mess.  
A better example will be the upcoming Ethereum hard fork in a few days, which is just cleaning up a minor bug.  I guess we'll see how that goes...
@_date: 2016-10-20 14:19:49
Agreed.  The beauty of Bitcoin is that it's almost always more profitable to help the network than to harm the network.  
Unfortunately we get a lot of armchair economists who think they know how to fix things, and the result is things like making users outbid each other for block space on the grounds that this will improve things...
@_date: 2016-10-18 12:39:21
I don't think any cap was added, aside from the 1MB thing that was added long before anyone thought it would be an issue.  
But the average size of a transaction has definitely increased quite a bit, taking us from 7 TPS to 3 TPS or so...
@_date: 2016-10-20 19:39:08


By creating artificial scarcity where none is needed, you prevent the market from determining the true value of a transactions.  A fee market was already developing before blocks started being full.  That was the invisible hand at work.  
In fact, Core supporters often talk about 'creating a fee market' which is the exact opposite of the invisible hand.  


I'm sorry if you want to insult my profession, but I'm not sure what relevance that has?


Then you are the one not understanding Bitcoin and how it's different from Ethereum.  Our difficulty adjusts every 2016 blocks, that's hard coded.  The 1MB limit is also hard coded.  That means if 90% of the hashpower commits to a fork, even if you reject that fork and your 10% hash power keeps the old chain alive, your chain will be at 10% capacity for the next *20 weeks*.  Do you really think miners representing 10% of the hash power are going to spend resources mining a 10% losing chain?  
Furthermore, if Core embraced a hard fork and wrote it into Bitcoin-Core, then there'd be consensus.  Would you really call that consensus an altcoin?


Sure, except from the merchants who want to use Bitcoin reliably, the processors (BitPay/Coinbase) who want to make money off those people, and the users that want to be able to reliably have their transaction confirm quickly.  Aside from those guys, nobody cares how long it takes for Bitcoin to scale.  


Lots of people much smarter than me have looked at code and missed problems.  And lots of people much smarter than me have said soft fork SegWit is a bad idea.  
@_date: 2016-10-18 13:01:29
This is called a [Straw Man Arugment](  In it, you set up a ridiculous version of your opponent's position that makes no sense, and then logically knock it down.  To someone who's not paying attention to what your opponent actually said, it makes your own argument seem superior.  
If I switch from Ubuntu Linux to Red Hat, does that mean I think everybody at Canonical (the guys behind Ubuntu) should be fired?  No of course not.  That's just silly.  
I never said anything about firing Core team, and neither did anybody else.  Core devs have made and continue to make significant contributions to Bitcoin and if they all packed up and left, that would be a significant loss.  I have no desire to fire the Core devs, and I greatly appreciate all they do.  
I also never said Core development was overly centralized.  
However I do think Core has it wrong when it comes to scaling.  Core seems to be desperately afraid of any hard fork, even though there are ways of doing it safely (which have been proven to work safely on testnet).  And thus they are willing to jump through all kinds of hoops, including creating a large technical debt for the future, in order to avoid this hard fork.  
I disagree with their assessment of that situation.  I think a safe hard fork is a good way to give ourselves breathing room and time to fix the problem *correctly* without the pressure of full blocks forcing us to act more quickly than we should.  
Thus I support hard-fork efforts, even though they don't come from Core.  If such a hard fork succeeds, Core would have to adopt it, and after that I suspect lots of people will go back to running Core.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 14:46:32
I'm curious what makes you say this?  Is it because you disagree with his plan for scaling, or because you disagree with his decision to engage in a contentious fork, or for some other reason?
@_date: 2016-10-17 20:17:49
Perhaps you don't understand how a debate is supposed to work.  
I pose a theory, and offer evidence to back it up.  You then pose another theory, and offer your own evidence to support your ideas or contradict my ideas.  
I've put forth a logical argument, and all you've done is insult me.  If you don't have any actual evidence to back up your argument that Core does not try to influence miners, then you should admit that it's nothing more than your opinion.  
Otherwise please present any sort of corroborating evidence to back up your position.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 17:16:49
Yes but if that agreement includes a stipulation that miners will keep supporting Core, who asked for that stipulation to be in the agreement?  Core devs and miners were up until 4am hashing it out, so obviously there was some negotiation going on.  
If Core doesn't care if miners keep running Core-compatible software or if they hard fork, then why does the agreement specify that miners will keep running Core-compatible software?  
I'm not talking about court orders.  I'm saying that Core has exerted influence to try and keep miners running Core's consensus rules.  That's it.  
@_date: 2015-09-07 18:03:58
Number of community members who speak publicly in favor of discussing XT on vs number of community members who speak publicly in support of the policy of considering XT an 'altcoin' and thus preventing its discussion.
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:01:01


Exactly the problem.  It makes us look like a bunch of fighting schoolchildren throwing sand at each other, not a serious community trying to work on the future of money.  
@_date: 2016-10-19 17:32:06
what are you even replying to?  Because it certainly isn't anything I wrote in the above post.  I wasn't talking about blocking SegWit.  
I simply pointed out that there are ways to run a full node with less bandwidth usage.  
I also explained that 2MB with SegWit will have you transferring just as much data as 2MB with a hard fork.  So if you promote scaling with SegWit, that contradicts your earlier argument that Bitcoin should have smaller blocks so you can run a full node on your capped Internet connection.  
@_date: 2016-10-18 12:41:21
I've heard chatter after several of the miner-Core meetings that the miners felt like Core was threatening disaster should they switch.  Perhaps not the same as direct threats, but the miners still felt unhappy about the whole thing.  I'll give you this was anecdotal, mainly translations from 8BTC.  
As for Milan, were any of those papers accepted for presentation?
@_date: 2016-10-17 03:10:36
Let's look at the timeline more or less from the beginning.  
Many people (including Gavin, who for the record is Satoshi's chosen successor) had been calling for attention to the block size issue back as early as 2012.  However they were all ignored by the rest of the Core devs, and since Gavin had stepped down as lead maintainer of Bitcoin-QT (what Bitcoin-Core was then called) it was no longer his decision to make.  
Around August of last year, Bitcoin XT was released by Gavin Andresen and Mike Hearn.  XT was the first alt-client to start a safe hard-fork-based scaling process that, when a majority of miners adopted it, would increase the block size limit to 8MB and then double it every few years after that.  It's worth noting that this timetable was a compromise after talking to miners, Gavin had wanted an even more aggressive increase schedule.  XT got some limited traction, and lots of community members ran Bitcoin-XT nodes, however then someone started DDoS attacking all XT nodes.  
Shortly thereafter, a series of high profile meetings were announced called Scaling Bitcoin.   The first one was in September 2015 in Montreal, then another one in December 2015 in Hong Kong.  The plan was that ideas would be presented in Montreal, and then discussed and debated in Hong Kong.  This is where the idea of SegWit was first presented.  
It's also important to note that at this workshop, Jonathan Toomim (u/jtoomim) presented research showing that with then-current software and Internet connections, block size could safely be increased to 3-4 MB without any ill effects (this includes issues with China's Great Firewall).  
However nothing was decided at Scaling Bitcoin 2015.  As a result, many community members felt (both before and after the Scaling Bitcoin workshops) that the workshops were nothing more than a stalling tactic designed to push off any actual decisions.  
Once it became clear that Bitcoin XT was not going to happen (miners felt it was too aggressive, and some users didn't like certain other features it included, and ongoing DDoS attacks chilled support from nodes), development was mostly shelved and Mike Hearn quit Bitcoin development.  
In mid 2016, Gavin again came back with Bitcoin Classic.  The idea behind Classic was to ONLY have a one time hard fork increase to 2MB (almost everything else was a carbon copy of Bitcoin-Core).  This would be a compromise palatable hopefully to everybody including the miners, that would prevent blocks from becoming full.  
Shortly after this, there was a private meeting in Hong Kong between several Bitcoin developers and most of the major Bitcoin miners.  This is the meeting LukeJr is referring to.  This meeting was supposed to be informal but ended up going until the early morning, and what emerged was [this agreement](  It's worth a read.  
Long story short- Core will have a 2MB hard fork ready around July, SegWit should be ready around that time also, and in exchange miners will support SegWit and only run "Bitcoin Core-compatible consensus systems", aka not Classic.  
There was controversy surrounding this for a few reasons:  
1. Only a few Core developers and miners were invited.  Other stakeholders, such as non-Core developers like Gavin Andresen, or influential Bitcoin users like Brian Armstrong (CEO, Coinbase.com) were not invited.  That left a lot of people feeling like important decisions were being made without their input.  
2. This happened just as miners were starting to adopt alternative software that would trigger a hard fork.  Since the meeting was held in private, it was assumed by many to be a last ditch attempt by Core to persuade the miners not to implement a hard fork.  
3. This meeting produced an agreement, but that agreement was of questionable validity.  
a. Adam Back (President of Blockstream, a company that employs many of the Core developers) was at the meeting, and as such he was assumed to be representing Blockstream.  However he then signed the agreement as "Adam Back, individual".  This made the miners wonder if they were actually negotiating with anyone in authority or not.  He then changed his signature to "Adam Back, Blockstream".  
b. Greg Maxwell, another Core developer, famously referred to the Core devs who attended the meeting as ["well meaning dipshits"](  He went on to claim that what those Core devs promised the miners was "seemingly impossible".  
It's worth noting that the Core devs in attendance said that SegWit would be ready in July 2016 and a hard fork to increase the block size limit would come at some time thereafter (or at least, this was the impression that the miners got from the meeting).  SegWit is still not deployed, and there is (to the best of my knowledge) no serious discussion or plans for a hard fork among Core devs.  
It's also worth reading Luke's comment [Here](  He makes it clear that the Core developers present "were not acting as representatives of the Core dev team", that no hard fork was promised, that the July 2016 SegWit deadline was just a best guess not a promise, and that the miners have no leverage to make demands.  Furthermore, he explains that some Core developers feel that any sort of hard fork (including a safe one) is somehow unethical, implying that it's unlikely that Core will deliver a hard fork anytime soon.  
More recently, there was another Scaling Bitcoin workshop, this one in Milan.  To the best of my knowledge, this workshop did not accept any presentations that were in favor of hard forks.  
Hope that helps at least a little...
@_date: 2016-10-20 15:28:56


I don't think this should be a valid criticism.  
He saw a problem, so he raised it as an issue.  He was ignored by the other developers.  This was in 2012, it's all on the record.  He kept trying to fix the scaling issue (back when changing the max block size would have been a simple thing as Satoshi suggested- pick some block far in the future and say 'as of block X, maxblocksize = y').  
So seeing no action on an important issue, he forked the code and made his own.  That's in keeping with the oldest traditions of open source.  
Also, I think scaling SHOULD be a valid criticism of Core.  As mentioned, this issue was raised by Gavin back in 2012, when a 'hard fork' could have been done simply and safely with little or no possibility of a fork.  A few pre-planned (months or years in advance) block size increases to keep pace with transaction load could have made this problem a non-issue.  
Even if it was decided that a hard fork wasn't the way to go, the time for looking into scaling solutions should have been 2012-2014, when there was enough time to develop and test a solution before we ran into the block size limit.  Instead the issue was ignored until it became impossible to ignore.  
@_date: 2016-10-28 20:39:15
With respect, the EXACT same arguments could be made about Core devs.  
1. Incompetent- they knew about the scaling issue when Gavin started talking about it back in 2012, but no meaningful action happened until 2015.  That's three years where we could have been making all kinds of progress, during which the problem was ignored.  
2. A bad actor- knowingly ignored the scaling problem and refused to address it early, when a fix (such as raising the block size limit) could have been done with zero network disruption (as Satoshi recommended- pick some block months or years in the future, and say 'as of block X, new max block size = Y).  
Now I'm not making these arguments about anybody.  I am not accusing anyone of being a bad actor, I believe everyone involved has good reasons for the positions they take.  For example, Core supporters believe that raising the limit is more dangerous than adding new transaction types (and possibly technical debt), whereas hard fork supporters believe that more complexity and technical debt should be avoided when the fix could be done far more simply.  
The only way to prove who's right or wrong is to pick one and try it.  But informed people may reasonably disagree on which one should be tried.  
@_date: 2015-09-08 05:13:50
@_date: 2016-10-19 06:42:37
Oh come on dude, I'm trying to debate in good faith and have a nice conversation, let's skip the personal insults, yeah?  If you want to have a real conversation I'm all for that but if you're just gonna insult me then my time is better spent elsewhere.  
I blather about hard drive space because that's the argument I see a lot so when you talk about data that's what I assumed you meant.  
So let's talk about you.  
Per the blocksize calculator you linked, if we do 2MB with 1 block per 600 seconds, connected to 8 peers with 4000 nodes, that gives you a data usage of 70GB/mo.  I dunno what things are like Down Under, but here in the US I sometimes go through 70GB in a day if I download a couple of Xbox games.  
But let's say you tune your node to your requirements.  Limit yourself to 3 peers, and you're still helping the network, but at only 26.28GB/mo.  Or you could just set the max upload rate in your client and get the same effect.  
But you raise an interesting question.  For people with significantly below-average capability, what if any consideration should they be shown in protocol development?  Capped Internet puts you near the bottom of the capability scale, along with satellite users who live in the woods.  I mean no offense by this, I'm just stating facts.  
Another fact BTW- you can USE bitcoin just fine, by running a SPV wallet or a node limited to one peer.  You just can't CONTRIBUTE to the network as much.  
If we design the system so you and those like you can contribute, aiming for the average crippled user, we reduce capability for everybody but gain potentially more full nodes.  
If we design the system with the average first-world user (tech wise) in mind, we get more capability but potentially fewer full nodes.  
You can't just argue 'go for everybody!' because then you're trying to make African people on dial-up full nodes and you're measuring capacity in single transactions per minute, which is just silly.  There has to be a cutoff somewhere.  
So where do you think it should be?  What level of resources do you think it's appropriate to ask a full node to supply?
@_date: 2016-10-18 12:15:27
FWIW, I only look at the fees up until maybe the first half of 2016 as valid, because that's before blocks were always full.  However the fact that those fees stayed in a reasonable amount suggests a fee market was developing quite nicely without full blocks.  
I look over the charts and to be honest I really don't see the kind of hockey stick growth that would be necessary to get to 10MB in months rather than years.  
Consider [total transactions, 2 years]( [confirmed transactions per day, 2 years]( and especially [average block size, 2 years](  None of them are hockey stick graphs, even though the last 2 years have been big growth years.  
@_date: 2016-05-23 19:55:48


CAN be deployed as a soft fork, but SHOULD be deployed as a hard fork.  
And that 'effective block size increase' only happens when a majority of the REST of the Bitcoin ecosystem starts supporting SegWit transactions.  Thats tens of thousands of nodes, plus several large companies like Coinbase and BitPay and Circle, all of which have custom implementations of Bitcoin.  
SegWit does many good things, but I think using it as a shim to allow more transactions is a misapplication.  Especially since it doesn't make transactions any more efficient, it just fudges the books to avoid counting some of the bytes.  
OTOH a hard fork requires only the upgrading of miners and nodes, most of which run essentially the same software.  For the custom implementations, a one byte change in their code is all that's needed.  IMHO, that's a much lower impact change, especially when you couple it with advance notice and a responsible deployment mechanism (voting)...
@_date: 2016-10-20 21:53:56


It was one of the stated goals of making that resource unnecessarily scarce.  


Node users run 1MB nodes because when they try to run 2MB nodes they get DDoS'd (which, for the record, Core never strongly took a stand against).  
Miners run 1MB nodes because standing up to an acknowledged authority is not a glorified part of Chinese culture as it is in American culture.  Miners have asked for a hard fork to 2MB, they just want to get it from Core.  
Bitcoin users don't seem to be terribly happy, as referenced by the 'I paid a good fee but my transaction still didn't confirm after 2 days whats wrong' posts we still see from time to time.  Users *just want it to work*.  


I agree with this 100%.  However many in the small block camp seem to view this as some sort of hostile attack against the very underpinnings of Bitcoin.  
I very much wish that Core would stop cajoling miners into sticking with 1MB, and instead release them to vote their conscience with a 'if you guys really think 2MB is the way to go, then you should run Classic or Unlimited, we won't stop you'.  I suspect if this happened, we'd already have 2MB blocks.  


Adoption was increasing before blocks got full.  NOW it's a shit experience, because the customer has to pay a higher fee and the seller has no idea if their money will arrive soon or at all.  


[This medium post]( of his seems pretty technical to me.  
@_date: 2016-10-23 21:39:44


For a moment, I'm not talking about change.  I'm talking about stealing money.  
Let's say I want to rip off the seller on a big purchase.  Since mining is centralized and only 8-10 people control 90+% of the mining, that's only 5-6 people I have to bribe (call it 7 people to be 100% sure it works).  
So I bribe my 7 miners, send money to the seller, seller waits for 6 confirmations and then gives me my thing.  
The miners I paid then ignore the block that contained my transaction paying the seller, and start mining on the block right before it.  They immediately confirm a new transaction I make which doublespends whatever I paid the seller and instead sends a portion of it to each of them and the rest back to me.  Since they have a majority of the network hash power, their chain will soon be longer than the other (real) chain, and while there might be some network confusion for a few hours, eventually all nodes will consider the real chain an orphan and start working on the one the miners created for me.  That will become the 'real' chain.  
None of this requires any change to consensus rules, but it IS an attack and a violation of how Bitcoin is supposed to work.  
OTOH if a supermajority of the miners and users want Bitcoin to change, that's not an attack.  If you're going to argue that it is, then I would argue that by the same logic, even a Core-supported hard fork would be equally classified as an attack.  


The only way to 'fire' the miners is for the majority of Bitcoin users to abandon whatever chain they are mining on and create a new chain (probably with a different proof of work).  Sounds a lot like an altcoin to me.  But when you get into the details of such a discussion, each chain really stands on its own, the only question is which one do we call 'official bitcoin'?  


I actually had not realized this, I'd thought BU had a similar activation methodology but apparently I'm wrong and you're right here.  Thanks for teaching me something new today :)  
I do worry that without an activation method, the likelihood of creating parallel chains increases.  I will be researching this further.  
@_date: 2016-10-18 13:31:27
No I don't know, that's why I said I suspect.  I think it's a pretty good possibility, because all the discussions surrounding the limit later on had to do with spam filtering and flooding prevention.  


He was wrong because he didn't expect the level of obstructionism that ended up happening.  Gavin had tried to raise the limit as far back as 2012, when the idea of a 1MB block being created was a far future thing.  The other devs shut him down and said that should be left alone and there's plenty of time to fix it.  


Sadly not necessarily.  Back when 1MB blocks never would have been created, it was a great strategy because even if some people ran old software, we were still far away from the limit so the risk of fork was very low.  Also there was no time pressure, so you could pick a block that would come out in 6 months or a year without a problem.  
Today we're at the limit almost constantly, and lots of operations (including mining) run different software.  That means more coordination is needed.  Also, we don't have another 6-12 months, we need something faster than that.  
I think the threshold-delay method is a good one- once 750 of the last 1000 blocks signal the activation, start a 2-4 week countdown and then activate.  
@_date: 2016-10-26 07:38:06


I agree that Satoshi didn't have everything figured out.  I think mining is one thing that could have used more thought, as the arms race from CPUs to ASICs could have been foreseen.  
But while Satoshi didn't mind node centralization (he said eventually nodes would someday only run in datacenters) he was against mining centralization and with good reason- the miners are the ones who make the decisions.  
Also, it's not just 'gentlemen agreements', it's a self-reinforcing agreement that ensures that helping the network is more profitable than harming the network.  
But Satoshi was right on the core principles, that is, a decentralized network where the users are in charge.  


Not necessarily.  Today's mining consolidation happened because of two things- the main one is efficiency of scale in manufacturing mining hardware, the other one is cheap power.  Even if I got free power, it would be hard for me to compete mining-wise because I'd have to pay $thousands for the specialized mining hardware.  
If you take that away, if the 'specialized mining hardware' is commodity CPUs and GPUs, then the Chinese company building their own miners doesn't have a huge advantage.  Sure someone can buy GPUs in bulk, but if I have the GPU already because I play games, then I can still compete with them.  
And that might lead to a lot of mining in places with cheap power, but you'd still have a much larger number of miners.  


Okay I cite the several threads currently on and talking about the current transaction backlog.  If, say, amazon.com announced Bitcoin acceptance today, do you think the network could handle that?  


Miners aren't stupid, they know if they change something like that without OVERWHELMING agreement, there will be a backlash.  If they did such a thing, it would be viewed as a nuclear option on their part, which would make most users justified in a nuclear option of their own (change PoWs).  


Can you define 'political reasons'?  
It sounds like what you're saying is 'if Bitcoin forks without the support of bitcoin-core, it's dead'.  And that seems like a very short sighted and centralized POV...
@_date: 2016-10-17 06:26:57
That's not the argument I'm making.  
The argument I'm making is "If miners choose not to run Core, instead of asking why and what Core can do better to earn their support, Core pressures the miners to keep running Core."  
That's not how open source is supposed to work.  
@_date: 2015-11-27 09:11:01
If he got in really early, and left the thing running in the background more or less continually, then it's definitely possible...
@_date: 2016-10-17 06:44:46
Here's the short version....
There is a big issue facing Bitcoin right now- how to scale up Bitcoin so it can support more transactions.  Right now there is a hard coded limit in the Bitcoin software that limits a block to being 1MB in size.  This was originally put in place by Satoshi as a last-ditch spam filter, back in the days when blocks were 50-100KB in size.  However for the moment we're stuck with this limit.  
Some people, including Gavin Andresen (Satoshi's appointed successor) want to simply increase or remove this limit.  Since every Bitcoin software has the limit hard coded, this must be done carefully otherwise nodes running older software won't accept the new larger blocks.  This is called a Hard Fork.  While the activation method is complex (to ensure everyone is upgraded before the limit changes), the solution is simple- just increase the limit to 2MB or remove it entirely.  
Other people, such as most of the developers of Bitcoin-Core, don't want to do it that way.  So Gavin and some others wrote an alternate version of the Bitcoin software called Bitcoin-XT which implements that block size limit increase.  
When this happened last year, it created a lot of heated discussion.  The moderator of (who does not support Gavin's efforts) then declared that because Bitcoin-XT would create a fork in Bitcoin, that means it is technically not Bitcoin, and should not be discussed in a Bitcoin forum.  He then deleted all posts discussing Bitcoin-XT from and the bitcointalk web forum which he also manages.  
That's when came about.  It was designed to be a place where people could discuss Bitcoin issues without censorship.  
However what happened next was all the pro-hard-fork people who supported Gavin moved to and all the anti-hard-fork people who supported Core stayed in Thus the two subreddits became sort of opposing enemy camps, which is really quite sad.  
Since then, Gavin's Bitcoin-XT effort failed, as did its followup Bitcoin-Classic.  The blocks got full as we all knew they would, although Core &amp; their supporters think this is a good thing because it increases miner fees (you have to bid against other transactions to get your transaction verified in a block).  'Big block supporters' feel this is a bad thing, because it makes the network less reliable.  
But cooler heads have prevailed to a large extent.  There's a lot less censorship in now, because the rule "Promotion of client software which attempts to alter the Bitcoin protocol without overwhelming consensus is not permitted." isn't being applied to any pro-hard-fork discussion.  
There's still a lot of bad blood though :(
@_date: 2016-10-20 21:07:14


It means that we were already starting to see fees other than the default minimum fees.  Miners were starting to proactively include or slightly delay transactions based on the fees.  In short, a real market was developing where you could pay for rapid confirmation or lowball and wait a while, but nobody got their transaction pruned.  


Remember that the miners publicly stated that they were more interested in growing Bitcoin and increasing adoption than collecting more fees.  If the miners don't want the artificially created 'fee market' and the users don't want it, then why do we have it?  


Their 'shitty business model' is called mainstream adoption.  Now if mainstream adoption is not something you want, that's totally fine, you should keep pushing the positions you are advocating.  Some people legitimately don't want mainstream adoption.  


Jeff Garzik, for one.  
@_date: 2016-05-11 15:46:05
No, that's not what he said.
What he said was:


In short- he was not criticizing decentralization or privacy, he was pointing out that another developer was (as he saw it) prioritizing decentralization and privacy above all else.  
Don't take people's words out of context.  
@_date: 2016-10-14 09:16:30


Wrong attacks.  I'm talking about the attacks on Bitcoin XT / Bitcoin Classic *nodes*, not mining pools.  
I watched the whole XT thing unfold very closely.  XT was initially picking up steam among nodes, but that came to a sudden stop when the DDoS attacks started.  This went on for weeks with no condemnation at all by anybody except big-block people.  
I myself called for unity on such an issue- I argued that we should all be against DDoS attacks and I would like to see a joint statement from the Core devs and Gavin saying that whatever our differences may be, DDoS is not the way to solve it.  Obviously no such statement happened.  
Same thing happened when Classic was released.  Lots of nodes initially, then we had DDoS attacks on those nodes (many of which were being ran from residential connections) and that stopped the progress.  Again, no condemnation from Core or any major small block supporters.  


Then I direct you to today's announcement of SouperNerd resigning as a mod of One of his stated regrets is how many in went negative.  
Also, if you want 'the leader' that's Gavin Andresen, aka Satoshi's appointed successor.  Mike Hearn helped Gavin with XT, then ragequit when Core persuaded miners to abandon XT.  


Then you miss the point entirely.  There is not supposed to be a my side and your side.  We are all supposed to be on the side of Bitcoin.  
To make an analogy- let's say we're both environmental activists.  You think we should cut carbon by 10%, I think we should push for cutting carbon by 20%.  
What we should do is agree that carbon should be cut, and discuss amongst ourselves by how much.  
What we should NOT do is say that anyone who thinks carbon should be cut by more than 10% is attacking the environmentalist movement and demand they start their own movement.  
But that's what happened with Bitcoin.  Where there was one community and some disagreement, now there's two communities and a stupid goddamn fight.  


But what if we disagree on how to best have a decentralized digital currency?  I want a decentralized digital currency.  
Now if 90% of users said they wanted to peg Bitcoin value to the dollar or something, then you'd have a point.  But if we have two people who disagree on how best to do decentralization, then kicking one out because that person has the 'wrong' decentralization plan is just censoring differing views.  


And do you claim small-block supporters are innocent in this regard?  People called Gavin and Mike and others traitors, some even praised the DDoS attacks.  All these things were allowed in If there was a blanket policy against ad hominem attacks and doxing of ALL sides, I'd be in support of that.  That's not what happened though.  It was an 'agree with me or leave' policy.  


Digital gold only has value if you can easily spend it.  If Bitcoin can't be used to pay bills, then what value does it have?  Certainly a lot less than if it can be used freely.  


If today's Bitcoin tech is unchanged in 10 years of adoption, yeah you'd be right.  But lots of smart people (including Core) are working on ways around that.  By the time we have such transaction load that it becomes a problem, those technologies will be ready.  


These numbers are arbitrarily chosen, but they have different effects.  
The 21m limit is such to ensure scarcity of Bitcoins.  Without scarcity, Bitcoin would have no value because anybody could create some.  
The 10min interval is an arbitrary choice that seemed like a good compromise.  In hindsight, a shorter limit probably would have been better for faster confirmations.  
But as for the 1MB block size- that was chosen as a 'way out there' number back when we had 100KB blocks.  It was designed as a last ditch spam filter, nothing more.  
But let's talk artificial scarcity.  Bitcoin needs scarcity to give it value, but for a miner to verify a transaction already presents value.  Before the block size crunch, a robust fee market was already starting to develop.  


Now you're just mincing words.  
A 'settlement network' is a network that settles transactions made in some other capacity.  For example, I paid for my donut and orange juice yesterday with Visa.  But the actual settlement of that transaction, where the merchant gets paid for my donut and a thousand others, will happen via ACH at the end of the day.  That's a settlement network.  
@_date: 2016-10-29 04:25:39
The issue IMHO is not block size itself, but rather transaction capacity.  If there's a hard limit on the number of transactions, that means there's a hard limit on adoption, which severely limits Bitcoin's usefulness.  
IE, if SMTP could only work with say one million emails exchanged per day, it would be a useless protocol.  SMTP works because anyone can join the network and use it as much as they need to.  Without that quality, SMTP is near-useless.  
As for the price, speculation has always been a big part of the price and now especially.  Right now Bitcoin (as a system) is useful for remittance and international payments, but is useless at point of sale or retail (more so recently due to Core's actions killing 0-conf).  So right now, unless I want e-gold that will hopefully hold value in the future, or unless I'm sending money internationally and don't want to pay 10% for Western Union, Bitcoin really isn't that useful to me.  
However I hold Bitcoin not for the uses it has today, but for the uses it has tomorrow.  I am betting that eventually we will solve the scaling problem, and Bitcoin of tomorrow may have widespread usage.  In that case my BTC won't be worth $700 they'll be worth $10,000.  I realize that's a gamble, but it's what I'm betting on, and I think most other hodlers are betting on it too.  That's why Bitcoin is worth $700 today.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 18:35:05
IMHO, this is totally wrong.  Let's take an analogy protocol- SMTP (e-mail).  
I could say 'SMTP is not a product with users, SMTP just "is".  I'll make SMTP secure and antifragile.  If it doesn't do what the users want then oh well that's not my problem.'  But of course that won't fly in the real world because if I do that then I'll have 50+ pissed off users asking why their e-mail doesn't work the way they want it to.  
Bitcoin is much the same.  Without users, Bitcoin is a bit of neat crypto code and nothing more, and the digital doubloons are worthless.  With users, Bitcoin is a revolution worth $600+/coin.  If Bitcoin doesn't do what the users want, then it will fail and users will abandon it for something else.  
@_date: 2015-03-14 22:41:21
FWIW, this isn't really BTC support for QuickBooks
It's BTC support in QuickBooks Online, a web-based sorta-QuickBooks.  Not nearly the same thing...
@_date: 2016-10-20 19:05:20
Ah.  I'll buy that analogy (although it's a totally different analogy).  The only difference is the people on the bus aren't Bitcoin users, they're bankers and politicians who are debating whether to say 'Bitcoin funds terrorism!' or 'Wells Fargo embraces the Blockchain'
Then on the other side of the country is my Bitcoin bus headed off the cliff because we can't decide how to save it...  :)
@_date: 2016-10-18 01:22:19
We can't be sure of anything.  And this is something we'll have to deal with- either with chain pruning to reduce HDD usage in most nodes, or with some other tech like sidechains or payment channels or ideally both and let the market decide.  
But IMHO, to say 'we can't increase the blocksize from 1MB to 2MB today because in 10-20 years increasing it to 2GB may not be pracitcal' is nonsense.  
There's lots of really good scaling stuff coming down the pipeline from various developers (including Core and Blockstream).  I'm very excited to see the new capabilities that will be added to Bitcoin in the next few years.  
But I don't think an artificial, easily-fixable problem should be used as an excuse to force those ideas into production before they're fully ready.  I think we should do the simple easy fix today, even if it's just kicking the can down the road, and buy ourselves the time to come up with better ideas.  That way when we have those better ideas, we can start using them because they *are* better ideas, not because the network is clogged and we need a quick fix.  
@_date: 2015-03-21 17:26:53
First they ignore you.
Then they laugh at you.
**Then they fight you.**  &lt;-- WE ARE HERE
Then you win.
@_date: 2015-03-22 05:01:44
Disagree.  I do not look at the current price as an indicator of the health of Bitcoin.  I look at number of transactions, number of accounts reported by hosted wallet services, number of merchants that accept Bitcoin, and general online sentiment.
I see a high rate of transactions, steady growth of hosted wallet accounts, more and more merchants accepting Bitcoin all the time, and while perhaps not quite as friendly as last year online sentiment is still very positive.
I also see continued interest from Wall Street in developing Bitcoin-backed financial products, and continued interest from investors in buying those products.
 
So from where I stand, Bitcoin is doing pretty damn well.
I believe the rise to $1200 was a bubble of its time.  the price has been pretty steady at around $200-$300 for quite a while with some slow growth starting to happen. I would say the market has decided what the value of a Bitcoin is for the moment and this is it.
@_date: 2016-05-22 04:49:43
**//edit:** Since I'm getting downvoted, may I ask why?  
First, as a counterpoint, I'd point to Bitcoin Unlimited which has done a bunch of work toward removing the block size limit entirely.  That includes work on propagation of blocks to make the whole system more efficient.  
That said, and with full respect, I think you are missing the point.  
Bitcoin (the vision) is larger than a codebase or a git repo or a governance process.  We are talking about a *revolution in how humans deal with money*.  That is a grand revolution far bigger than any of the nonsense we all quibble about here.  
Making that happen requires many things.  Of course it requires code.  But more importantly, it requires *people*.  Some of those people write code.  Others run the code as miners or as nodes.  And still more people use the resulting system to process their transactions and hold their money.  
Only one group of those people is really important, and that's the users.  If you have users, coders and nodes and miners and support companies (exchanges etc) will present themselves.  But right now, the biggest difference between Bitcoin and Ethereum/Dash/Litecoin/whatever is not coders, it's users.  
If I want to use Bitcoin, today, it's easy.  Lots of companies and IRL people will help me exchange USD to BTC, and once I have BTC I have dozens of options for storing it and hundreds of stores that accept BTC.  The same can't be said for any other cryptocurrency, including Ethereum, Dash, Litecoin, or any other.  
**So when people in talk about starting over, they're not just talking about code.  They're talking about something far more valuable- support, use, advocacy, and investment.  Those are the things that turn a project like Dash from a wanna-be with some cool code into a worldwide-accepted currency.**  
Besides, Dash, Ethereum, and the other altcoins all have their own developers.  If the Bitcoin community as a whole decided to abandon Bitcoin and consolidate on one of those coins, additional developers would not be needed.  It'd be a case of 'they built it, we came'.  
@_date: 2016-10-11 22:15:16
No it's not.  
A solution that's simple, that can be rolled out to all affected users easily, is usually a better answer than a more complex solution with more technical debt and complexity that requires the cooperation of more people in order to work.  
This is true with most things in IT, and in life.  
@_date: 2016-05-11 16:09:33
No, that's not true.  
Hung up = that person puts a high priority on something, perhaps to the exclusion of other things.  In context, it can mean that a person puts TOO high a priority on something and other important things are getting neglected.  
That does NOT mean that that something is overrated.  Overrated implies that it is not important, or that people in general (not one specific person) worry too much about it.  
For example, we can all (I hope) agree that brushing our teeth is important.  But if I brushed my teeth for two hours, twice a day, you could say I was 'hung up' on oral hygiene.  That doesn't mean that you oppose oral hygiene, or that oral hygiene is overrated.  
Just the same, Gavin's comment doesn't mean privacy isn't important.  He was just talking about how another developer was using privacy and anonymity concerns to possibly stop something that was also important.  
@_date: 2016-10-13 15:16:09
That is not an attack.  That is a disagreement on how to scale Bitcoin.  
An attack is someone who wants to do damage.  The SEC comments about Bitcoin being a Ponzi scheme, that's an attack.  DDoS attacks are an attack.  
Someone who feels that scaling should be done on-chain and wants to put it to a miner vote, that's not an attack.  It's only called an attack because some people feel their way is the only way.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 14:54:00
So what, the guy makes one mistake (falling for a very skilled scam artist) and should be thrown away?  
Satoshi made one mistake, picking a PoW algorithm that was vulnerable to ASICs.  Should we disregard Satoshi as a result?
@_date: 2016-10-29 22:54:59
Infinite.  As many people as want to can exchange gold as often as they want.  
//edit:  what is a 'quality userbase'?  If you have several people who are transacting things in Bitcoin, how do we determine which users are 'high quality' and which ones are 'low quality'?
@_date: 2016-10-24 00:21:13
With respect- those on the other side would call censorship of and bitcointalk and bitcoin-dev to be an attack of sorts.  And while we might have had votebots, we also had DDoS attacks on non-Core clients.  
I hope we can agree that both sides have some ill-behaved users (DDoS attackers, vote bots, etc) that both sides could do better without?  
As for Gavin, I think calling his blogs 'Chicken Little' is a bit silly.  It's a matter of opinion whether 100% full blocks, valid transactions getting pruned, and blind auction bidding for transaction space is 'gracefully hitting capacity limits' or 'unnecessary network disruption'.  We all want Bitcoin to stay secure, stay decentralized, and scale up- we just disagree on how.  We shouldn't use this as an excuse to hate and insult each other :(
@_date: 2016-10-20 19:14:00


I wouldn't say trivial.  Possible definitely, easy perhaps, but not trivial (from what I saw at least).  


So we force people to use the new thing by jacking up the fees on the old thing?  I think that's a bad way to go.  I think if we deploy a new transaction type, it should offer benefits which make people *want* to use it.  We shouldn't cripple the old thing to force people to use the newer, more complex thing if they don't want.  


Sole sysadmin for a company with several offices.  That means I deal with hardware, software, networks, Active Directory, a bit of database stuff, security, some AV...  you name it.  Running cables is the only thing I don't do (we have an electrician for that).  


I agree!  Now which sounds more cautious:  
1. coordinate with the 8-10 miners who control 90+% of the hash power to simultaneously roll out a simple hard fork that changes one byte of consensus code.  Most Bitcoin software will either continue to operate normally or require the same one-byte change.  Both the fork and the new block size limit have been proven safe through testnet research, and all the miners are in favor of it.  
2. Under time pressure, create an entirely new transaction type and way of storing block data.  Deploy hundreds of lines of consensus code plus tons of other support code that requires multiple BIPs to cover it all.  Add functionality that we'll have to support until the end of time, which has possible security issues (non-SegWit nodes see SegWit transactions as 'anyone can spend') and can be done more safely as a hard fork.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 18:06:00
I should have been more specific-- it will cripple the losing side of the network.  
In our case that's a good thing.  If we have a hard fork, we want one chain to be the clear winner and the other chain to be the clear loser, so we are left with one chain and not two.  
This just makes it hard for the losing chain, which makes it easier to declare a winner.  
@_date: 2016-05-29 21:29:06
Nobody's produced code because there's no chance of it getting implemented, and there are bigger priorities.  Gavin et al have been focusing on getting a block size increase to happen, which they believe is the immediate priority and thus has been producing code for immediate (hopefully) deployment.  
Core team have been working on soft fork SegWit and other such things.  They've shown little or no interest in hard fork SegWit.  
So 1. who would write a hardfork of SegWit and 2. if they bothered to write it, who would advocate for implementing it?  Core has no interest in hard fork SegWit and Gavin would put that as something that should be done AFTER the 2MB hard fork, not before.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 17:36:22
You're missing the point.  
alexgorale said Core was not pressuring miners to run Core-compatible software.  I pointed out that it was highly likely that Core WAS pressuring miners to run Core-compatible software.  Why they would or would not do such a thing was not part of this particular question.  
If you are arguing that Core has good reason to try and influence the miners, then I agree!  If miners drop Core then Core becomes more or less irrelevant, so of course they're going to try and persuade miners to stick around.  
That said:
These are all opinions.  I always try to clarify that my position is an opinion, won't you do the same?  
I think a hard fork can be done safely.  You think it would cause damage.  Since we've never done a hard fork like this, all we have are simulations on testnet (which suggest, but don't prove, that it can be done safely).  
I think keeping the status quo means maintaining the *operation* of the Bitcoin network, which means not-full-blocks, no transactions sitting in mempool for days and then not getting confirmed, and no 'sorry Bitcoin is full' sign telling potential users to go away.  That's my opinion.  
You think keeping the status quo means maintaining the current consensus rules, even if that means a significant change in how Bitcoin operates.  That's your opinion.  
Neither of us is absolutely right or absolutely wrong.  It's just two ways to look at things. 
@_date: 2016-10-17 19:22:53
I think if you buy more than 100 hard drives at a time you can order them directly from Seagate.  I'm not sure, but I think it's possible Visa might be large enough to get a volume discount... :)
Visa also has fundamentally different problems than we do.  Their processing is just IO load- clear funds with the issuing bank, then deliver them to the merchant.  Storing old transactions can be done on an archive cluster, and they can pay EMC or Oracle a few million bucks to build that cluster for them.  
Bitcoin OTOH has the problem of replicating and storing that data on thousands of random nodes with varying Internet connections, while resisting attacks from within and without.  It's a very different challenge.  
That said though- it took Visa 30+ years to get from 0 to 56,000 TPS.  Bitcoin's been around for less than 10, and we've only been seriously thinking about scaling for the last 2-4 years (during which time lots of good stuff has been developed, such as the various thin block proposals).  
So I think comparisons to Visa are hilariously premature.  Sure we'd love to get there, but that's not going to happen anytime this decade.  
Besides, let's worry about 100 or 500 TPS before we worry about 10,000 TPS.  
@_date: 2016-10-24 19:37:34


I'm glad we can at least agree on that.  &lt;3
Let me ask you an open ended question:  how do you suggest we fix this (the split community)?  If you could dictate community policy, what would you to to re-unify the two sides?  I have a few thoughts for the next post but I'd like to hear your answer first...


Overmoderation and censorship are two very different things.  
Overmoderation is where you make the rules more restrictive than they need to be, and/or enforce them overzealously.  Censorship is where you prohibit a particular point of view.  
For example, I'm a mod of a small sub One of our primary (and most frequently broken) rules is that it's not a sub for advice about dating relationships.  Overmoderation would be if we deleted and banned any user who mentioned any sort of relationship or SO in their post, even if it wasn't part of the question.  Censorship would be if we added a new rule that people cannot advise others to break up with their SOs or quit their jobs.  This would allow lots of discussion, but would artificially silence (censor) one point of view.  
You are correct that what goes on in discussion forums is not relevant to how Bitcoin should be developed, but with one exception- the moderation policy on Bitcoin-dev.  That's where the direction of Bitcoin is supposed to be discussed, and I've heard lots of reports from people who don't express hard-fork ideas there anymore because they know they'll just get moderated out.  In that case, the censorship is actually affecting the direction of Bitcoin, and thus is relevant.  However I don't subscribe to Bitcoin-dev so that's largely a separate issue.  


So let me get this straight:  You see offering a different software for nodes/miners to run as an attack, while you see actively DDoSing someone as an 'anti-immune response'?  
Webster defines 'attack' as "to act violently against someone or something; to try to hurt, injure, or destroy something or someone"  
Bitcoin XT/Classic/Unlimited are not violent attacks against anything.  They are a semi-compatible method of scaling using an embrace and extend method.  This is a valid method of improvement- I cite as evidence SPF for email.  If I was running a 10 year old copy of Sendmail and nothing else, I couldn't send mail to Google because I'd fail the SPF check.  Nobody called SPF an 'attack'.  Just because you and your preferred development group do not favor the improvements in XT/Classic/Unlimited doesn't mean they are in any way hostile attacks.  
DDoS attacks however are by definition an attack- they are a hostile action designed to kick anyone who dares support Classic off the Internet.  In this sense they are also a form of censorship, because they discourage someone from advocating Classic/Unlimited (and I'm talking nodes- running a Classic/Unlimited node is ONLY a form of expression since the miners make the actual decision).  
The only 'immune response' present in Bitcoin is to ignore &gt;1MB blocks, and that's the only immune response there should be.  


However some of the bad predictions made by Gavin and others (especially Jeff Garzik) have come true- there's now long delays with uncertainty about what fee will get a transaction confirmed at what time.  
More importantly, growth of Bitcoin is stagnant.  There are no companies proudly announcing they partnered with BitPay/Coinbase and now accept BTC.  That's because if a big company came on board today, the experience for everybody would be terrible.  Customers would find their payments delayed, the merchant would find payments that didn't come through due to low fees, and normal transactions would be even harder to get mined due to the extra load.  We need a scaling solution, without one we're stuck.  
Also as for 20MB- remember the block size is not the same as the block size limit.  Gavin may have suggested an increase to 20MB but that wouldn't mean 20MB blocks, just as when Satoshi put in the 1MB limit we had 100KB or less blocks.  Back at that time, 1MB of transactions would have been dangerous for the network, just as today 20MB of transactions would be dangerous to the network.  But we didn't have 1MB then and we wouldn't have 20MB today because there's simply not that much transaction load.  It's supposed to be a last ditch flood limit.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 21:28:55
Then by all means explain what I have got wrong.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 04:48:09
Okay I'll give this a shot.  But I have to start from the beginning.  
Any thing in the world, be it a cheeseburger, a car, an ounce of gold, a dollar, a yen, a euro, etc... anything in the world is only *worth* whatever the next guy will give you in exchange for it.  
When you go to McDonalds, a Big Mac costs about $5.  That's because McDonalds thinks it can buy the ingredients and labor and energy and real estate to make and sell you the Big Mac for less than $5.  And going down the line, the farmer thinks that he can grow the cow and process it into beef for less than he gets selling it, and so on and so forth.  
And why do you buy that Big Mac?  Because the labor it took for you to earn that $5 is, in that moment, worth less to you than the Big Mac is.  
Now take gold.  Gold has a wide variety of industrial uses.  As humans we like it because it's shiny.  We like it a LOT- an ounce of gold right now goes for about $1,320.  That's not because someone said 'THE PRICE OF GOLD TODAY SHALL BE $1,320!', it's because those who trade gold today think that an ounce of gold has about the same buying power as $1,320 USD.  
One reason gold is so expensive is because it's scarce.  Mining gold is difficult and expensive.  If mining gold was easy, if anyone could mine gold, then gold wouldn't be nearly as valuable- why pay $1,320/oz for gold when you can just dig some up yourself?  And thus the price of gold would drop.  Nobody would pay $1,320 for gold when everybody's got a bunch of gold.  As an example, that's why nobody pays $1,320/gallon for water- because anybody with a big drill can get some water out of the ground, or can desalinate it out of the ocean, or can collect rainwater, etc etc for a LOT less than $1,320/gallon.  
If that's helpful about value at all I can tackle the rest...
@_date: 2016-10-20 17:51:55


If this is true, then Bitcoin has a VERY SERIOUS problem, much more serious than I realized.  
Talking on Reddit, I'd estimate maybe 20-30% of people I talked to (at the time it was an issue) supported RBF.  Even if I'm lowballing that, there was still a significant number of people who opposed it.  These are not random people, these are the ones USING Bitcoin and accepting it in their stores.  
If those people had no representation at all among those making the decision, then something is very severely broken.  
I suppose that shouldn't surprise me- Jeff Garzik said "Without exaggeration, I have never seen this much disconnect between user wishes and dev outcomes in 20+ years of open source."  
It's still a VERY BAD thing when the tech people are ignoring what their users actually want.  I hope you agree with that (at least in concept, even if you don't think it's happening here).  


I agree, and I do understand this difference quite well.  
But a lot of technical people seem to forget that when something affects the way Bitcoin operates, in the real world it doesn't matter what layer the change is happening on because all the users see is a change that's happening.  We can quibble over semantics but it doesn't change the fact that users see a different behavior than they did before.  
The same can be true with inaction, namely with the block size.  
A user doesn't care about consensus rules, what they see is 'last year my transactions confirmed quickly, this year I pay a much bigger fee and they still don't confirm for hours or days'.  Tech people will hide behind the tech and say 'nope nothing changed everything is working exactly the same' but the reality is a significant change happened.  


That's not how things work.  It's never black and white like that, there's shades of gray.  
For example (and these are examples, I'm not referring to any actual issue or proposal), say there's two proposals, both have technical merits and drawbacks.  A bad actor wants one of those proposals because its drawbacks can be exploited by the bad actor.  So if he can blackmail Wladimir, Wladimir can (fully within his rights) strongly advocate for one proposal and against the other one.  Adam Back can push that proposal at Blockstream, which will organically influence (at least a little bit) those devs to support it.  If someone raises a large objection to that proposal, then you know who to blackmail next.  


I agree 100%.  But you must recognize changes don't just come in the form of code revisions.  A change in behavior, even if the code is the same, is still a change.  And sometimes a change in code which preserves existing behavior is less of a change than not changing the code.  
My analogy is a bus headed toward a cliff.  Half the bus wants to turn left and safely stop in the water, the other half wants to turn right and stop in the other half of the road.  The lefties say onto the other side of the road could cause a crash, the righties say driving into the water could drown the passengers if they can't get out.  
Since there's no consensus, the bus driver says 'sorry we are just going to keep doing what we are doing and not change'.  This is fine but it ignores the fact that they are about to drive off a cliff which IS a change.  
@_date: 2015-10-01 15:02:17
I could not agree more with this.
I believe Satoshi's biggest contribution (second only to inventing it) was leaving.  By leaving before it 'got big', Satoshi ensured that Bitcoin itself and the ideas behind it would be in the news, rather than a bunch of talking heads picking apart what he had for breakfast.  
We've lost that.  An idea is no longer just an idea, it's a Gavin idea or a Mike idea or a Wladimir idea or a Peter idea or a Blockstream idea or whatever.  And that's incredibly harmful, because we've become a fractured community worshipping personalities rather than ideas.  
@_date: 2016-10-17 21:03:00
My friend, I have been following Bitcoin closely for years.  I assure you I know a great deal about Bitcoin.  
Some people take a narrow view that anything not endorsed by Core is not Bitcoin.  I reject this view, just as I reject the view that anything not endorsed by Obama is not American.  
@_date: 2016-10-27 14:54:11
Yeah there is still a correlation.  Bigger blocks means more transaction load, so there's more P2P traffic.  That means more CPU usage to verify those transactions, and also more disk space to store the bigger blocks (although you can prune, if you trust your storage system).  
That said, 2-3MB blocks would not cause undue network strain as Jonathan Toomim proved last year.  As tech improves, and improvements like libsecp256k1 and thin blocks reduce CPU and bandwidth usage, there's no current reason why we can't keep block size limit ahead of transaction load.  
@_date: 2016-05-23 20:19:05
Thank you kind person!
//edit:  downvotes for saying thank you?  *really*?
@_date: 2016-10-23 04:02:52


Under different circumstances than we have here.  


Then what is the reason?  


If you don't like the will of a majority, if you prefer a central control group that defines monetary policy, then you should abandon Bitcoin and start using US Dollars.  USD has a strong control system (the Fed) which is in charge of monetary policy.  Users of the currency have little say in monetary policy, which removes the possibility of social manipulation.  
In contrast, Bitcoin's only guarantee is that the chain with the most work will win.  The crypto makes it generally more rewarding to help the network than hurt the network, which encourages miners to help the network.  
However your financial security in Bitcoin relies on the majority of miners being non-malicious.  Should a majority of miners become malicious (or simply not like you) then you're in trouble.  Since Bitcoin is subject to such social manipulation, it is obviously worthless.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 18:31:12


Oh come on, you're splitting hairs to try and make something mean something it does not.  The 0-conf transaction, in its entirety, ends up on chain.  It's just not waiting for the chain to finish the transactions.  
And FWIW, I love the idea of instantly secure transactions with payment channels, Lightning, whatever.  I have no problem with these things and I think they are important for the future of Bitcoin.  
But I think people should use them because they want to, not because scarce block space means they have to.  
More importantly, these systems are not ready yet and will not be for some time.  I would rather keep the max block size ahead of transaction load, and then once those off-chain systems come online, they can (if people like them) take some load off the main chain (meaning further block size increases may not be needed for some time).  


No it's not fine.  We are right now at the limit of capacity, and the only reason the mempool isn't ballooning out of control on a regular basis is because we're dumping valid transactions that don't have enough fees.  
We are also at a point where further adoption is not possible.  What do you think would happen if Amazon started accepting Bitcoin?  It would clog the network, 100% full blocks 24/7, lots of transactions being pruned from mempool.  Life would suck for Bitcoin users, and Amazon would get no end of complaints.  
If we are unable to grow, then we are NOT doing just fine.  


I agree with this VERY strongly.  Bitcoin is leading the pack in terms of market cap and recognition.  If we fuck up it will be years before another crypto can get to where we are today.  
But we also shouldn't let that make us so paranoid that we are afraid to act, or act out of fear.  I think that's what's happening with the scaling debate.  
Research has shown that a hard fork CAN be done safely and successfully.  Since 8-10 Chinese guys control 90+% of the hash power, it's especially easy to coordinate a safe hard fork.  Research has also shown that we can handle 3-4 MB blocks without a problem.  Obviously any hard fork has a bit of risk, but we can manage that risk, and the ongoing risk is very low after the fork.  Even if this isn't a long term fix, it safely buys us time to develop the *right* long term fix.  
Yet instead we are introducing a totally new type of transaction, which requires a ton of new consensus code.  If we do SegWit, we're going to be stuck with SegWit forever, and it's going to take time for all the hosted wallets and other custom implementations to catch up.  
More worrisome, we're doing SegWit as a soft fork, which has security disadvantages compared to doing it as a hard fork.  And this is all being done under time pressure.  
I think that's a much riskier strategy...
@_date: 2016-10-17 21:04:22
And you sir are a troll who is going through my comment history posting personal insults to each of my recent Bitcoin comments.  
I'm sorry we disagree about how Bitcoin should scale.  However I'm not personally insulting you, I'd appreciate the same courtesy.  
@_date: 2015-03-21 19:46:47
@_date: 2016-10-20 16:54:24


Yes it is!  Or at least it was, until RBF (imposed upon the world by Core, even though most didn't want it) made double spending yourself became brain dead easy:  'pay' the merchant with low fee, then leave the store and send all your money to a new address with a really high fee.  




Fortunately there is- using a safe activation methodology we can increase the block size limit!  
If you're referring to SegWit, the problem there is it only has that much positive effect once EVERYONE starts using it.  Doing that will require tons of custom software to be rewritten (as opposed to an increase, where most other software apps can just wait until after the activation and change a '1' to a '2').  And until all nodes/miners upgrade, they see SegWit transactions as 'anyone can spend' transactions (which is why it should be deployed as a hard fork).  


Believe me I know, I work in IT.  But I do think we should be civil to each other when possible.  


That's not what I'm saying.  I'm saying we should realize that nobody has all the answers here.  We should be careful, absolutely, but we should understand that nobody truly *knows* what the effect of any action will be because most of it has never been done before.  
@_date: 2016-10-21 23:28:35


I'm unconvinced that a soft fork is any safer than a hard fork, especially when there is a testnet-proven method to safely hard fork, and the soft fork leaves us with more technical debt going forward.  
I'd rather do a safe hard fork to 2MB which leaves us with zero extra technical debt after the split.  


The more nodes and the more miners there are, the harder it is to attack the network = more secure.  


Sure:  BIP109.  Yeah it has a flag day upgrade, and a hard fork (which I don't think is as huge a risk as some others), but this is one place where mining centralization actually helps us out:  If we can get all miners on board (which WOULD happen if Core endorsed BIP109- miners WANT 2MB but most aren't yet willing to take it from someone other than Core) then you would have essentially 100% adoption.  That could actually mean a hard fork that doesn't have a fork (no blocks mined on the 'old' chain).  
As it stands, the 75% activation threshold and 1 month grace period means once activation is triggered, all existing miners can and probably will upgrade before the activation.  Even if they don't, with a 25% hash power minority, miners will abandon the old chain before it reaches its next difficulty adjustment...
@_date: 2016-10-17 10:08:16
Luke, I am respectfully downvoting your comment, but I'm going to explain why.  
Nobody in is anti-Bitcoin.  If I saw a lot of anti-Bitcoin people there I would leave.  The users love Bitcoin and want it to succeed just as much as you do.  
The difference between you and them is just a matter of vision.  You have a vision of what you want Bitcoin to be and how you want it to grow, and that vision is different than the people in And that's fine!  Each person has their own opinions.  It's true in politics, it's true in sports, it's true in personal tastes, and it's true in technology too.  
Having an opinion that disagrees with your own doesn't make people 'anti-Bitcoin'.  And calling users 'anti-Bitcoin trolls' just serves to further divide the community, when we should be trying to learn to work together.  It's divisive and unproductive, which is why I'm downvoting your post.
I really hope you can take this to heart and have a more open mind.  I'm not suggesting you should or would agree with us 'big blockers', just please understand we are both on the side of Bitcoin, we just have different ideas for strategy.  
@_date: 2015-03-21 20:04:24
To be honest I don't think that matters as much.
They are ignoring/laughing because they do not understand.  Once things are explained to them, they start paying attention.
Take NFC payments.  People ignored Google Wallet because it didn't work on most carriers and Google never really did a good job of explaining it.  
As soon as Apple Pay explained it (tap your phone on the credit card machine to pay for shit) people start paying attention.
@_date: 2016-10-24 00:17:05


This is exactly the problem.  Nobody wants to be attacked.  But what one person calls an attack, the next person may call a desired change for progress.  
I'd suggest we should avoid using the word 'attack' unless the 'attacker' has malicious intent.  When an incumbent Congressperson is challenged by the opposing party, we call that a challenge not an attack, and I think we should do the same with Bitcoin.  
&lt; Unlimited will ultimately destroy any kind of confidence in consensus, have constant forks, and ultimately, put the miners in sole control.
The miners are already in sole control.  The only reason it doesn't seem that way is because they defer to Core on most issues.  But remember, it's the network hash power that controls how the network will behave.  If that bothers you, you should re-read the original Satoshi white paper.  
Personally I wish mining was highly distributed so we could say it's the USERS in control...  
As for constant forks though- I think it's just a different approach- remember that we already have forks in the form of orphaned blocks.  Unlimited's plan is just to more gracefully cope with differing block size rules.  
I am a bit concerned about lack of activation systems though, as I said that's something I'm reading more on...
@_date: 2016-05-22 11:16:03
I'm not just talking about the term.  I'm talking about the arguments used.  
Granted big blockers use the term 'Satoshi's vision' more often but it's there on both sides.  The argument by small blockers is that big blocks will make it too expensive to run a node, harming decentralization.  They might not invoke Satoshi quite as much but the argument is there IMHO...
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:05:10
There's always bigger problems to worry about.  There WILL always be bigger problems to worry about.  
That doesn't mean that we should ignore this.  
@_date: 2016-05-13 05:02:42
Yes, but due to the way you are saying it, you are changing the context of Gavin's quote.  
"Gavin says decentralization and privacy are overrated" means that Gavin thinks those things are overvalued *in general*, as in, most people pay too much attention to decentralization and privacy.
But what Gavin was saying is that *Peter Todd overrates privacy and decentralization*.  He is criticizing the priorities of one specific person, NOT criticizing the concepts of privacy and security.  
But if you've already concluded that Gavin is 'toxic' I don't expect you to listen to an argument like this...
@_date: 2016-10-20 16:27:55


True, you don't design a protocol the same way as you create a product.  But you also don't design a protocol for its own sake.  
Take HTTP.  Today HTTP is used for all kinds of stuff.  But the guy who wrote it didn't say 'let's build a random protocol to fetch and put data on a server'.  *The protocol served the product*, which in that case was a web browser.  
Same is true with Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is a product that people use, just as web browsing is a product that people use.  And how people use it / how people want to use it should drive the development of the protocol- not the other way around.  


But that's exactly what Core has already done!  I cite as evidence, RBF and 0-Conf.  
People (mostly) liked 0-conf.  It was 'good enough' for most brick&amp;mortar merchants and quick transactions.  While not super secure, it did the job pretty well.  
Nobody that USED Bitcoin asked for replace-by-fee.  But Core decided that it would be there, so it is there.  I'll point out that there was NOT consensus on this.  
As for hard forks- nobody wants to drag anybody.  It is the users' choice what software they run, and it is the miners' choice what software they run.  That includes software other than Core, and it includes revisions to the protocol.  If most users and miners decide that someone else's refinements to the protocol are better than Core's, then that's the version that should win.  
Other protocols are no different.  If the guy who invented SMTP decided that SPF was a terrible idea, but the people running email servers liked SPF, then there would be SPF.  
So I say if the guys who actually USE Bitcoin want a hard fork, but Core doesn't like a hard fork, then there should be a hard fork.  That's up to the miners to decide.  


That's a function of a first-past-the-post type election, not direct democracy.  Other countries that have other types of elections (such as instant runoff voting) don't have the two-populist problem like we do.  
Actually, your own idea (tech group decides, users accept or reject) is much closer to the two-populist problem because it only offers two choices (accept or reject).  My proposal is closer to real democracy because it offers multiple choices, and the best one can win.  


I disagree.  
There are two possible leaders- Adam Back (guy who employs many of the more prominent Core devs), and Wladimir van der Laan (lead maintainer, Bitcoin-Core).  Get either of them on your side and you have a LOT of influence over Bitcoin.  
As for the consensus- how many people on bitcoin-dev does it take to achieve consensus?  20 or 30 maybe?  A state actor could easily dig up dirt on that many people.  
Furthermore, what if the goal is to *prevent* consensus?  If I want to prevent consensus then that's really easy, I only need 2-5 people who will strongly object and keep throwing up technical arguments.  Even ignoring the scaling issue, if I was a state actor and wanted to kill Bitcoin all I'd do is make sure there was never consensus and thus there'd not be any improvement even when improvement is required.  Might take a few years but it'd work.  
@_date: 2015-03-21 20:22:36
(dunno why you got downvoted for that, it's a perfectly logical assessment, even if I disagree...)
I think you're overlooking the convenience aspect, as well as the security aspect.  Getting your credit card changed is a pain in the ass.  One of the big reasons I use Bitcoin is because I can shop at smaller merchants online without worrying about my card data getting stolen.  
And try doing this with a credit card:
you get a gold star!  verify
@_date: 2015-03-22 04:52:34
Nope.  Nowhere in that report are crypto people referred to as "they".  Therefore, MasterCard is gonna lose.
@_date: 2016-05-23 20:25:14
Hard fork is like any hard fork- put a voting mechanism so once __% of blocks support it, a countdown starts after which it activates.  That gives all miners and nodes time to upgrade.  
As for upgrading the SPV clients- you have to do that anyway.  With SegWit if those clients don't support SegWit transactions then they won't be making SegWit transactions, in which case the whole thing becomes a waste of time and you don't get any extra transaction capacity.  
@_date: 2016-10-13 16:18:29
And DDoS attacks is how the anti-fork side has been attacking Bitcoin.  But I hope we can agree that the actions of a few more extreme folks on either side shouldn't be taken as representative of the whole group.
I will however point out that it was you the anti-fork side that brought out the censorship.  I've been on lots of online communities for many years, and I have literally never once in my life seen such a coherent group split so hard and so fast as it did when Theymos started censoring hard-fork discussion.  I'm all for civil discussion, and if the result of a civil discussion is that the whole of the group or a majority of the group considers hard forks to be a bad idea, I can accept that (just as I hope you would accept the opposite).  But when hard forks become a censored topic, that's different.  That's abusing moderation power (here and on bitcoin-dev) to push an agenda.  It left a large segment of the community disenfranchised.  
As Jeff Garzik put it, "I have never seen this much disconnect between user wishes and dev outcomes in 20+ years of open source."  People don't say stuff like that if a large number of people aren't being ignored.  
As for you my friend- please don't tell me what my priorities are.  You've got them wrong, so let me tell you what I believe in:
I believe Bitcoin should be useful for everybody.  I think the killer app of Bitcoin is that I can send a million dollars to Fiji just as easily and cheaply as I can send two bucks to the guy serving me coffee.  I like decentralization of nodes and miners.  I wish there was some way to reward full nodes as well as miners.  I think everybody should be able to run a full node or mine, I think mining centralization is probably the worst thing to happen to Bitcoin (censorship being the 2nd worst).  I think the fact that 10 guys run 90% of the hash power is a big problem, a weak point.  
However I don't think imposing artificial scarcity and kicking out valid transactions is the way to go forward.  Raising the ticket price doesn't help everybody get on the bus, it just means only rich people can ride the bus.  
As for centralization- I think with 'thin block' proposals (there are several in various stages of development and deployment) block size ceases to become a major issue because the verification can be done on the fly rather than when a block arrives.  I think even home users can handle 2MB blocks just fine and by the time we're at 3MB Internet connection speeds will be once again faster.  
And you talk about 'not bitcoin', I'd argue that a settlement layer is not Bitcoin.  Satoshi didn't say 'let me build a settlement layer which other people can make e-cash systems on top of', he said 'let me build an e-cash system that everyone can use'.  
@_date: 2016-10-20 15:50:18
[Guess Satoshi was duped by scaling==blocksize too](  What a dumbass, that guy obviously knew nothing about Bitcoin!
@_date: 2015-03-21 18:21:37
None at all.  It doesn't matter who you are or what you're doing, as soon as 'they' try to fight you, your victory is guaranteed.  
The ones who lost are those who do not describe their opponents as 'they'.  Those guys are just screwed.
@_date: 2016-10-17 17:52:38
My question stands in that I'm still asking it.  
Do you have an answer for me?  Do you have any sort of information to corroborate your assertion that Core takes no position on what miners do and does not pressure miners to keep running Core?  Any supporting evidence at all?  
@_date: 2016-10-25 15:48:14




Actually that's not correct.  The original Satoshi client had a CPU mining option built in.  Almost everyone who ran Bitcoin-QT mined.  
That changed when GPU mining became a thing- a guy with 3 or 4 Radeon cards could outmine dozens or hundreds of CPU miners.  Satoshi begged for a moratorium on GPU mining, but he was ignored.  As the difficulty adjusted, CPUs became useless against GPUs, GPUs became useless against FPGAs, FPGAs became useless against ASICs, and ASICs underwent a process shrink from whatever crappy silicon they could get cheap all the way down to 14-20nm state of the art.  
Before that process, anyone with a computer could mine and expect to make some money.  Now, there's no money to be made unless you're making and assembling the miner yourself, or if you get free power.  


I think the one thing Satoshi didn't foresee is ASIC mining and mining pools.  I think if Satoshi made two big mistakes, they are making the block size limit part of the consensus layer, and picking a more complex PoW algorithm.  Without the need for dedicated mining hardware, users CAN pull it off because they DO have more or less equal equipment...


I don't see such an argument working.  Unlike block size (which slows adoption), the answer for unprofitable mining is 'so let fewer people mine and they'll all get paid more'.  I worry that this would further centralize mining, but it's better than dumping universally-supported consensus rules.  
OTOH if the majority of people support changing those consensus rules, and the miners are with them, then they WILL change- miners will mine a new chain with different block rewards, and users will choose to use that chain.  


I agree.  And that's why I think it's important for both big blockers and small blockers to acknowledge that this decision is up to the miners and users, nobody else.  
If the miners firmly and permanently rejected a hard fork, I would accept that, because for me to reject it would mean for me to cause a split, which IMHO would be far more harmful than any criticism I may have of Core's scaling plans.  At the same time, if the miners DO decide to hard fork, I hope the small blockers would accept that, because if they keep going on with 'hard forks are attacks you guys are no longer running Bitcoin' and insist on doing their own thing, the result WILL be a split, and that would be far more harmful than any hard fork related issue.  
@_date: 2016-05-22 12:46:44


I agree VERY strongly with this.  Bitcoin is (IMHO) supposed to be authority resistant.  I have often said that if Satoshi's biggest gift was Bitcoin, his second biggest gift was leaving before it got popular, because if he was around today HE would be the focus of attention, not Bitcoin itself (and he'd be a target for anyone who wanted to manipulate Bitcoin).  
I would however mention that the same thing applies to other 'defer to authority' arguments.  I frequently see small block supporters invoke the authority of Core devs rather than arguing proposals on their merits.  


Perhaps, but consider that we have two separate discussions happening in Bitcoin circles- a philosophical discussion about where we should go, and a technical discussion about how we should get there.  The two tend to muddle together more than they should, but they are quite separate.  
In technical discussions, 'Satoshi's Vision' is of course totally irrelevant because the whitepaper's proposed code has since been written and revised; thus the whitepaper is superseded by its own implementation.  
But in a philosophical discussion, all of us (including Satoshi) had/have visions of where we want Bitcoin to go, and those don't change much.  
And also consider that referencing 'Satoshi's Vision' can be something other than worshiping the guy.  Satoshi and the white paper embodied a set of ideals for what Bitcoin could be and how it should work.  It's easier to just type out "I support Satoshi's vision" than "I support decentralization and permissionless innovation and a system that is open and accessible to everyone etc etc".  
@_date: 2016-05-22 00:44:47
I think you misunderstand and/or misrepresent what's going on.  This unfortunately is a sad consequence when two sides vilify each other rather than talking to one another :(
Note before you continue- I'm choosing my words carefully, please read this specifically as written and without 'reading into' anything.  
People in strongly believe in on-chain scaling, including larger blocks.  I think that's a valid viewpoint to have (although some may disagree on whether it's the correct strategy).  
There is a perception in and related circles that a small number of people (mainly Core devs and Chinese miners, but some others also) are preventing a hard fork which would help Bitcoin scale.  Some even believe that this vision comes from Blockchain's possible ability to profit from Lightning- clog the main chain so people will have to use Lightning, and Blockstream can profit from that.  
Either way, they feel that this group is imposing their vision of Bitcoin on the whole ecosystem, many of whom don't want it.  
Thus, users are no longer simply concerned about block size, they are concerned about developmental and directional governance, IE who gets the authority to decide where Bitcoin is going to go.  
Threads like [this one]( can be best explained by [that thread OP's comment](  


stagnant like a pool of mud.  




**The point is they are not pumping an altcoin, they are simply unsatisfied with the decisionmaking process under which Core operates and how Core interacts with miners.**  They hold up Dash as an example of how things can be done more efficiently.  And while many of them feel that Dash and Ethereum (in some ways) more closely embody the ideals Satoshi valued than the current direction of Bitcoin, that should not be taken as advocating for the adoption of said altcoins unless it's specifically stated.  
To make an analogy of politics- I hope you can see the difference between "This is how Canada's healthcare works better than the US system" and "Canada is better we should all move to Canada".  
//edit:  I should mention, there are a very few posts in there which do talk about adopting altcoins as a possible option.  This is due to desperation with the current state of Bitcoin.  Many of the BTCers feel that Bitcoin is going down the wrong path and there seems to be no stopping it, so out of desperation they start pondering the idea of an altcoin that more closely matches Satoshi's vision than they feel Bitcoin will.  
If anything, this should be an example of how harmful the rift between / small blockers / Core supporters and / big blockers / Classic supporters has become- that some people feel things have gone so wrong that it might be easier to give up and start over.  
The sad thing is, at the end of the day, I think we all agree on more than we disagree on.  We just get so wrapped up in details that we can't see the trees for the forest and TALK to one another in a civilized manner :(
@_date: 2016-05-22 01:58:28
Yes i agree.  Unfortunately both sides feel that the other is abandoning Satoshi's vision and the core principles of what Bitcoin should be.  
Then add Blockstream employing many Core devs, along with Theymos's early censorship of XT (which created to begin with; besides he became a symbol, what he does now is irrelevant), and it's easy for big blockers to get the feeling that Core has been co-opted to possibly detrimental ends.  Since the Core dev process is specifically designed to make hard forks difficult (consensus and all that), that makes big blockers feel the deck is unfairly stacked against them and in favor of those who don't follow Satoshi's vision of a currency open to every sort of transaction.  
OTOH, Mike Hearn was a bit abrasive at times, and when XT/Classic people want to skip the existing consensus process and apply a systemwide hard fork (with potentially bad consequences if it screws up) that makes small blockers feel like XT/Classic are a hostile attack on an established system launched by those who don't follow Satoshi's vision of a currency that can run nodes on even basic consumer hardware.  
We are of course in uncharted territory.  Nobody has done any of this before, so there is no hard answer on what Bitcoin is 'supposed to be'.  Only a bunch of opinions.  
The really sad part is, if everybody took a step back and asked what Bitcoin should *become* (ignoring current tech issues) you'd probably get similar answers- a system that can be the banking and transaction processing system for everyone, open to everyone, run by everyone.  But as tech people we get so invested in our own preferred ways of doing things that we forget the end goal.  
If we all sat down and on a clean slate started talking about how we get from where we are to our best-case ideal, we might make some real progress.  Unfortunately we're not doing that.  And that (sadly) gives altcoins like Dash and Ethereum an opening to out-Bitcoin Bitcoin.  :(
@_date: 2016-07-03 10:33:52
what (if anything) went wrong?
Seems broad enough to get a useful answer...
@_date: 2015-02-21 19:58:58
If I may offer a suggestion, look at how circle.com does it, and just do that.
If you send bitcoin to email, the recipient gets a link which opens to three options. Type in their existing Circle login, create a new Circle login, or paste a Bitcoin address to send the money to.
Sending a request for money works the same way. They get the same three options, type in their existing Circle login to pay, create a new Circle account, or display an address and QR code to send bitcoins to.
This is the right way to do it. With your current system requiring a Coinbase login, sending or requesting money invite email is essentially a useless feature on your service.
**One related bug which needs fixing...**  Coinbase does not deal with users who have multiple email accounts. If somebody sends me a Coinbase to email payment and doesn't send it to the email address I have on file with Coinbase, I have no way of collecting that money without registering a second coinbase account.
@_date: 2015-02-13 17:32:45
Possible way around this
Create a 'Good Karma Upgrade' app in the app store.  Charge a dollar or two or whatever for it.  Enable it as an in-app purchase from within Mycelium.
When purchased, it just installs a license file that changes the name from Mycelium to Mycelium for Good Karma or something like that.
This should work around the problem- I've seen TONS of apps do this for upgrades.  For example, TouchDown (the email app I use) is a free trial and there are a few versions of the app, but TouchDown License is a paid app that's just a license which unlocks the others.
@_date: 2013-09-30 17:30:03


Yeah whatever you say Grandpa, have fun with your AM radio and dial-up AOL internet...
Jokes aside- Bitcoin is a perfect fit for the porn industry.  Lots of people are or would be willing to pay a reasonable fee for high quality content, but with a large number of spammy/scammy providers, and a societal stigma, they are reluctant to enter credit card details or personal info into a porn site.
Bitcoin solves that in one easy step.  A Bitcoin-accepting website doesn't even need the customer's name or email address.  Just a script that exchanges Bitcoins for content (or a password or whatever).  Instant, secure, no risk of 'wife found the credit card bill so I claimed fraud' chargebacks (or any chargebacks at all for that matter), and the customer's anonymity is protected.  Everybody wins.
Unfortunately the problem, as with anything else Bitcoin-related, is adoption.  Porn companies will only spend the money to implement it if they think customers will use it.  And while spending Bitcoins is anonymous and instant, GETTING Bitcoins (in the USA at least) is anything but.  The fastest way I'm aware of, other than in-person exchange, is Coinbase and they require lots of personal info and take days to set up and lin an account.
That all said though, if a critical mass of porn sites start accepting Bitcoin, that could do wonders for Bitcoin itself.  Much like VHS vs Betamax, the winner was only declared once the porn industry chose VHS.  And I think there are enough people with Bitcoins who want to support Bitcoin merchants that this might bring enough "I've never paid for porn" types into trying paid content.
I also think the most important company in this question might be CCBill.  A LOT of porn sites use them for backend payment processing.  If they natively integrated Bitcoin, that would open a LOT of sites up to accepting BTC with very little effort...
@_date: 2013-07-15 08:12:06
No you don't have to trust Google to use Authenticator.
Authenticator is actually pretty simple- you feed it a key from Coinbase.  Then it signs the current time with that key every 30 seconds or so.  As Coinbase also has the key, they know what the 'right' answer is.
Nothing is uploaded to or stored on Google's servers.  In fact, you should print out (hardcopy) the QR code that Mt. Gox gives you to program Authenticator.  That way if you lose your phone, it's not a ROYAL FUCKING PAIN IN THE ASS to get your account back.
@_date: 2013-05-15 16:49:39
You're doing a good thing here.  Not much, but its yours:
+bitcointip all verify
@_date: 2013-05-01 00:34:19
I think projects like BitcoinATM will help a lot here.  If you could walk up to a machine and load fifty bucks onto a Bitcoin wallet (or have the machine print out a wallet/key for you...) that would make it real easy for a lot of people...  I'd use that!
@_date: 2013-04-24 08:50:37
Bitcoin, like any other form of currency (including gold) is only worth what someone is willing to give you for it.  Think about it- dollars are just printed pieces of paper, but they are valuable because they're hard to get and you can exchange them for other things that you want.
Bitcoins are no different.  The Bitcoin protocol defines a system of money, not how much it's worth or how much stuff 1BTC will buy you.  The market is what decides that.
When Bitcoin started, it was essentially worthless because nobody wanted it or had heard of it.  1BTC would get you a whole lot of nothing, the only people who wanted BTC were the geeks testing with BTC, so the price for a BTC was under $1.  
Now lots of people want Bitcoins.  More and more places accept BTC every day, there are many exchanges between BTC and USD/EUR and other currencies, and we have the start of a thriving Bitcoin ecosystem.  A Bitcoin will actually buy you some worthwhile stuff.  So Bitcoin is trading at $140+.
This may not continue- the US Government for example could try and outlaw virtual currencies, which would mean nobody can legally give you things for your Bitcoins, so they become largely worthless (and the value of a BTC drops to near-zero).  If that happens, all the Bitcoins you bought are useless and you lose most of your money.  That's the element of risk.  Since Bitcoin is the first and only virtual currency to get any sort of wide acceptance, nobody really knows what's going to happen.
Now if you believe in Bitcoin and you believe it will continue to gain traction in the broader marketplace, then you should buy Bitcoins and hold on to them.  If the general public at large starts using Bitcoins, the value will go way way up.  That's the reward for your risk.
So what this website is telling you, is don't keep any more money in BTC's than you can afford to lose should the value of BTC drop.  When they say not to invest more than you can afford to lose, that is good advice for ANY risky investment.  They're not saying don't put money into BTC and earn profit, they're saying don't put money into BTC that you can't afford to lose, because losing IS a possibility.
@_date: 2013-07-08 15:22:33
If it costs $20 to do it once, it's definitely a wire transfer.  That's cool that you can do it online.
@_date: 2013-05-01 04:18:42
Lol that is true.  I wish we had real American Revolutionary History classes in our high schools and colleges.  I suspect if the Framers saw how big our government has gotten, they'd be smacking us all upside our heads...
@_date: 2013-12-27 16:37:00
@_date: 2013-12-20 05:27:58
You might be surprised.  Not in the same thread, but some of the most effective spam filters are 'where is it coming from' based.
Content analysis failed miserably back in the early 2000s.  What works pretty well now are RBLs- realtime blackhole lists.  An organization like Spamcop or Spamhaus sets up honeypot systems, emails that get posted publicly but have NO legitimate traffic.  Any email they get is then spam, and the honeypot looks for the IP address of the server trying to deliver the spam.  These IPs get added to the RBL.
To protect your email server, you install software that checks ALL incoming connections against one or more RBLs.  If the IP is listed in the RBL, the message is rejected.  This works extremely well because legitimate administrators will do just about everything to keep their server IPs out of RBLs.
@_date: 2013-04-24 06:59:09
Argument against Bitcoins- not necessarily.  
If you're a 'normal' person, and you get paid in USD and play with Bitcoin, then this service is mildly useful, maybe.  If you've done well on the Bitcoin exchange, you may want to spend that money to pay your bills, which this service facilitates.
Or if you do freelance work online and you get paid in BTC (something which will become increasingly common), a service like this could save a lot of hassle.
Either way, if you have more BTC than USD, this service is probably for you...  
I agree it's overpriced though.
@_date: 2013-04-25 06:01:15
You might be surprised.
A friend of mine was in the military and deployed to Iraq during the first few years of our occupation.  He reported back that tons of the people were dirt poor, like they lived in mud and stone houses with dirt floors.  But they all had (what looked like in the US would be) $800 Pocket PC smartphones.  
Now obviously this varies from area to area.  A semi-developed country will have more Internet access than say the middle of the bush in Africa.  But it can still open people in semi developed countries up to world markets.
@_date: 2013-05-24 06:31:17
Agreed.  I hate this whole nanny-state mentality of "someone somewhere might abuse this and hurt themself so we have to ban it so nobody anywhere can buy it".
If it's dangerous, put a warning label.  If it's really dangerous, show some gory pictures and make you sign a waiver.  But banning things isn't the answer, not in a free society at least.
@_date: 2013-05-04 01:37:07
fair enough.  I didn't think it was that bad.  Guess i suck.
@_date: 2013-05-04 10:23:39
Actually, this is some of the more helpful advice I've gotten in a while.  I do the bold header thing on a bunch of emails too, I never considered that it would come over as a hard sell.  I just thought it made the email easier to skim.  
This isn't much, but thanks:
+bitcointip all verify
@_date: 2013-04-26 05:13:23
MtGox already has this feature, it is activated automatically during peak trading times and DDOS attacks like earlier today.  
Simply put in your trade (that you want to execute ASAP) and hit submit.  Now refresh the page.  Your trade will show 'Pending' for about a minute (while the price continues to move in the wrong direction).  If you decide you don't want to trade anymore, just hit Cancel next to the order and refresh the page again.  You will see that the trade has already executed.  But that's okay because ClarkMoody's link to the exchange is lagged by 2 and a half minutes so you no longer have any idea if the market price is $145 or $125.
At this point you may or may not have gained or lost money.  You won't be able to tell or do anything about it for a few more minutes.  So sit back and relax!
@_date: 2013-05-01 13:59:19
Half hour?  That seems high.  There was a guy a few days ago who tried a doublespend test, injecting the two transactions into two different parts of the network.  The transactions were spaced only seconds apart, and it didn't work.
@_date: 2013-11-27 03:45:36
haha no, sorry :P  However as someone who had a lollipop once, I don't think I'm fully impartial either... :D
@_date: 2013-06-01 01:55:05
No they don't.  
When someone receives a donation, they get a PM from the bot.  They can reply with ACCEPT to claim the money, if they don't ACCEPT within a few weeks the donation reverts to whoever donated.  This way you don't waste money on people that may not want it.
When a tip is ACCEPTed, the bot adds it to the user's balance (check it by PMing the bot "BALANCE").  The user can then use it to tip someone else, or WITHDRAW it, which sends it to a bitcoin address of the user's choosing.
check out (documentation on the right sidebar) for more info...
@_date: 2013-07-08 15:18:28
Agreed 100%.  All their market-side problems come from their website being too damn slow to really work with.  If they got their IT side unfucked and fixed the speed problems, and hired a few more CS people, they could be a serious competitor to Gox, especially with their more advanced order system.  Unfortunately until they do they're just a way to turn Dwolla into Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-05-23 18:43:30
Ganking a post under the top comment for visibility-
**All the bitmunitions inventory pics are FAKE!**  They are reposts from other forums and Facebook pages of other gun stores.
Compare the pictures here:  or [imgur screenshot in case it gets taken down](
To pictures at [1919a4.com]( and [ar15.com]( and [utahgunexchange.com](
Look familiar?
Credit: 
//edit:  Also for the other images, GIS to the rescue!  Seems they were stolen from, [Ammo Bros.]( and [Sooner State Pawn](
@_date: 2013-05-01 07:02:10
It's not quite like that.  You check the balance of an address, not a wallet.
Let's say I make three addresses-  call them addr1, addr2 and addr3.  They're all stored in the same wallet.
I then make three transactions, each transaction sending one bitcoin to one of my addresses.  
I now have three bitcoins in my wallet.  But if I look up any of those addresses, I will only see a balance of one bitcoin.  
Blockchain sites will tell you the balance of an address, but not the other addresses in a wallet.  Thus someone's total bitcoin worth is not publicly displayed...
@_date: 2013-06-01 04:48:34
No problem, glad to be of assistance :)
@_date: 2013-06-01 04:48:21
Yes.  Message the bot with "HELP" or "SIGN UP" and it will provide you a Bitcoin address to deposit money into.  
@_date: 2013-12-19 22:13:48
Well FWIW I haven't dealt with them in months so any opinions I have of them are 6+months out of date.  
I also try to distinguish between 'we're overloaded' type problems and 'we're dishonest' type problems.  Both your links seem like the former, the first is a system that times out transactions too soon and support too overloaded to fix, the second is just something getting repeatedly lost in an overworked team's workload.
That said- while I don't think either one proves dishonesty, I do think both are a valid reason not to trade at CampBX.  I feel bad for whoever owns it, and I hope they get their shit squared away eventually.  But no matter how I feel about someone, once we start doing business, none of that matters.  I am a customer and I expect my money (and issues related to it) to be handled promptly and competently.  If that does not happen, it doesn't matter how nice you are or how much I like you, I will take my business elsewhere.  I am not rich enough to risk my money to a staff that's obviously in over their heads.
FWIW- these days I use Coinbase.com for most of my BTC &lt;-&gt; Fiat conversions and as a small wallet for expenses money.  They are a bit overloaded, but they're dealing with it- support tickets get answered, and they are actively hiring more staff.  I've had a few small stupid problems with them (who hasn't) but they get fixed.  And someone who's actually seen the guts of their operations thinks they deserve $25MM, which suggests they are neither dishonest nor incompetent.  Active trading I use Gox and BTC-E, mainly BTC-E these days.  Fees are a bit lower than Gox and they seem to have fewer issues.
@_date: 2013-05-02 02:07:41
Because there is no such thing as free money.  
There are a few Bitcoin websites that dispense TINY amounts of free BTC (few pennies worth or less).  If they aren't working, it's probably because they are out of Bitcoins.  
The easiest way to buy Bitcoins is to set up an account at Coinbase.com and link it to your bank account.  Takes about a week to arrive :( but it works very nicely.  From there you can send them (as Bitcoin) to a MtGox account if you want to trade without waiting a week for the trade to go through...
Here, this can get you started (not much but at least you'll get it :) ):
+bitcointip 1mbtc verify
@_date: 2013-07-08 15:20:07
Virwox?  I thought they only deal in virtual currencies, so you'd have to buy something like Linden Dollars (SLL) and then convert those to BTC.  Lots of fees involved through that path.
@_date: 2013-05-11 23:27:51
One thing which can cause lag- disk fragmentation.  This was much more of an issue in 0.7.1 before they switched to the newer database format.  However the way Bitcoin-QT handles the blockchain files gives little though to preventing fragmentation.  The result is the blockchain may be split into thousands of fragments.  This means your hard drive is going nuts seeking all over the place, which can slow down other processes on the computer and create lag even if your CPU has power to spare.
Is your HDD light on solid?  If so that's why.  Run a defrag.
@_date: 2013-04-25 06:23:07
I gotta say I give you guys a lot of credit for responding to feedback so quickly.  I know you gotta figure out a way to make money, but dropping the fee to 1% until you figure the rest out says good things about you guys.  
If you can work the numbers right, 1% is one of those nice round feel good numbers that EVERYBODY will love.  1.9% doesn't feel too bad either.  Beyond 2% and psychologically you start thinking about alternatives.  Past 3-4% and it 'feels expensive'.
A random note-  you guys are the first of what will probably be many.  It will take time for sales to ramp up, right now your customers are mainly those who made their fortunes mining since the beginning.  As BTC grows, your customers will include those who get paid in BTC.  Hopefully soon that will include myself.  Keep at it.  Keep your burn rate down, don't waste a ton of money on flashy office shit you don't need.  Watch out for the FinCEN and AML people though, keep your T's crossed and your I's dotted.
Don't underestimate your own importance though.  Services like yours make Bitcoin significantly easier to use for the average person.  That's what will drive adoption.
@_date: 2013-07-08 01:26:05
I definitely sympathize with that.  The problem with CCs is they are reversible- you can always file a chargeback against a CC transaction, but Bitcoin transactions are permanent.  So it's easy to commit fraud- 'buy' bitcoins with stolen credit cards, take the bitcoins, the CC owners will of course cancel the fraudulent transactions and now the Bitcoin seller has given out Bitcoins he's not getting paid for.  
That's why they use ACH (Automated Clearing House), it's a method of electronically transferring money from one account to another.  And after it settles, it's permanent.
You can also do wire transfers.  Mt. Gox can accept a wire transfer, as can several other exchanges.  However to do this you generally have to go to your bank, talk to the banker, fill out a bunch of forms and pay a fee of $10-$50.  The advantage is it's instant, irreversible, and doesn't link to your bank account, the disadvantage is it's a pain to make it happen.  So I wouldn't call it the 'easiest' method.
Also- I wouldn't say Coinbase (or anybody else, ever) is 'beyond reproach'.  Nobody's perfect.  What you can do for security is at your bank open up a free checking account (if they will give you one with few or no fees, or find another bank that will).  Use that as your 'transfer' account.  Link Coinbase/utility bills/etc to that, and then link it to your main account.
Keep a bit of money in the transfer account to pay bills and stuff.  That way even if someone does steal or whatever, you can just close that account and open another one.
@_date: 2013-05-07 07:37:06
Maybe I'm the only one, but I read this as MasterCard either being completely ignorant, or *fucking terrified*.  I especially note his comments regarding how they insure trust-


Except the whole point of Bitcoin is that *none of that shit is needed*.  Bitcoin has no need for any middleman to ensure trust.  When you pay someone with Bitcoin, either the payment is accepted by the network and the money comes through, or it doesn't.  There is no 'maybe'.  No '3-5 business days for settlement'.  The payment IS the settlement.  *Bitcoin payments are inherently trustworthy, so no MasterCard is needed to guarantee trust.*
So this means that he's either intentionally spreading FUD in the hope of preserving his business model long enough to either outlaw BitCoin or come up with something he can make money doing, or he has no fucking clue how Bitcoin works.
@_date: 2013-07-13 01:22:58
oh don't get me wrong, I agree 100%.  There are lots of ways of geolocating people.
I'm just saying BitPay isn't one of them.
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:19:01
I dunno, I think you are somewhat biased and jotaroh needs a neutral 3rd party opinion...  :P
@_date: 2013-04-26 00:17:51
This may happen eventually with somebody, but I wouldn't count on it happening soon.  BTC-&gt;USD transactions carry virtually no risk, while USD-&gt;BTC transactions where the traditional banking system is involved can be very risky.  Most payment methods have some way of reversing a transaction, Bitcoin doesn't.  So if you're converting USD to BTC, there's always a risk that the payer will chargeback and you're now out however many bitcoins you gave the other guy.
Now that risk is somewhat reduced with merchants, as you can just delay settlement a week or two and take bitcoins from other transactions to pay for the charged back one.  
However, I think the main problem is I don't see a huge number of merchants who WANT to get paid in BTC.  Sure there's a handful here on Bitcoin forums, but there are relatively few 'out there' in the world.  No accounting systems that I'm aware of have any idea how to deal with Bitcoin, so it's hard for many merchants to keep BTC around...
@_date: 2013-12-20 15:54:07
in theory yes, it is a bunch of people cashing out. Bitpay will take a transaction amount in dollars, figure out how many bitcoins that should be, collect the coins, exchange them for US dollars, and give the dollars to the merchant.  so you could argue that it is a bunch of people cashing out. However that doesn't mean it doesn't help the Bitcoin economy. Bitcoin is more valuable when more merchants accept it in exchange for goods and services.  Think of it this way, it is more useful for Bitcoin as a whole to have a million merchants using bitpay then a million merchants who do not accept bitcoin.
also, bitpay gives the merchant the option to choose how they get their funds. You can elect to keep a certain percentage as bitcoins and get the rest in dollars.  this provides the opportunity for merchants to start building up some bitcoins wehil still easily paying their expenses in dollars
@_date: 2013-10-12 07:15:01
Hi Olaf,
FWIW, I think you guys are serving a very important role in driving the adoption of Bitcoin, and are for the most part doing a great job under hard circumstances.
However for this you must put yourself in the shoes of your customers and consider how they (we) would react to things like this.  This is our money being moved around, many of us are building businesses with your services or relying on you guys to enable new ways of doing old things.
The problem here is not that the limit was reduced, or the Visa card requirement added.  Those both suck, but we understand that there ARE those who would try and rip you off.  The problem is that functionality that people were actively using was randomly turned off in the middle of the night with no advance notice or explanation as to why.
It is very hard to make the case that a business should rely on Coinbase, when Coinbase randomly turns things off without telling anybody.  That's the kind of thing big banks do.
What you should have done- announced the change and the reason for it on your blog, as well as a website popup for anybody who went to the transfer page for a week or so after it happened.  If you had done that, there would be grumbling, and a few news stories, but no complaints like this thread is full of.  The story would be 'Coinbase turned something off' rather than 'Coinbase treating users badly'.  I'm sure you can see the difference.
Also- lose the PR-speak.  If people are trying to rip you off, just say so- "The level of fraudulent requests was higher than expected".  It's okay to admit when something doesn't work without whitewashing it with happy words.  That's the kind of thing big banks do and users hate.  Smart users (like us) respect when a company can admit fault, not mince words, and tell it straight up.  The warm fuzzies generated by real honesty far outweigh any small amount of bad press.
That said- it is very good that you are taking to the forums (like you are here) and addressing this quickly.  That is saving your reputation right now.
Lastly- from a strategy point of view, it's always better to give than to take away.  So for something like the instant transfer, which is a pretty revolutionary feature, it should have started with the lower limit and then increased as necessary.
So in summary / TL;DR:
1. Think about how customers will feel before you take any action
2. COMMUNICATION is the most important thing.  With better communication this thread would have grumbles, not closed accounts.  It also would have prevented this from becoming a 'Coinbase acts like a big bank that doesn't give a shit about customers' story.
3. Tell it like it is, we can handle it.  Don't white wash your words.  You will get better results by being straightforward and admitting you screwed up than by pretending all is peachy.
4. Manage expectations, roll dangerous things out slowly so you don't have to roll them back.
Thanks for reading,
-A random Coinbase still-customer
@_date: 2013-05-22 05:14:41
1000 rounds of quality 9mm for under 25c/round, shipped?  That's almost too good to be true.  That's pre-Newtown pricing, and pretty damn good pre-Newtown pricing at that.
I really, really hope you're real.  Until then, you should consider accepting some kind of escrow service...
@_date: 2013-12-27 17:11:38
hahaha point taken :-)
@_date: 2013-05-07 17:13:01
@_date: 2013-05-22 05:12:34
Why?  Because you don't like guns or because you want them and can't get them?  (I try not to generalize, there are a handful of pro-gun Europeans...)
@_date: 2013-04-22 15:47:01
If you mine a block and wait, someone else will mine and package up the data included in the block you've mined.  That makes your pre mined block useless.
You could in theory mine private keys, but it is orders of magnitude more difficult to do so.  The private key has only one possible answer.  Mining a block just means getting a hash within a very large range (that range shrinks as the difficulty increases).  Even with the entire Bitcoin hash rate at your disposal it would take a very very long time to crack a private key.  And even if you did, there's no guarantee that the person who owns that private key won't just move the money to another address when you're halfway done cracking it...
@_date: 2013-05-13 23:17:02
FWIW- negative sentiment like MrOrsom's is largely because gotchas like this remind people of the current financial system.  Banking and credit cards are full of gotchas that can incur large fees and costs for simple mistakes.  And the system is, at many banks, designed to maximize the number of mistakes you can make.  For example, at many banks they do (or at least used to) reorder your transactions to maximize the number of $40 insufficient-funds charges they could wring out of you.  
When your service operates in a way that failing to claim the money within 30 days means the money disappears, it reminds people of the shady practices of the current banks.  I'm sure that wasn't your intent, and you only figured that 'abandoned' funds were a good way to pay the rent, but from a customer POV it feels really scummy.  
Let's say I owe my friend $100, so I use your service to send him Bitcoins.  I now have to nag after him to make sure he's claimed it, because if he doesn't then the money evaporates and I arguably still owe him $100.  
**My suggestion would be to have a simple and straightforward pricing model.  For example, 1% of the transaction, up to a maximum of $5.**  That's low enough that most people won't think twice before using the service, but hopefully should pay the bills.  And it feels a lot more honest.
@_date: 2013-12-23 16:10:32
I'm... not entirely sure how to react to that.  When I think about people that intentionally go into business to lose money, [this guy]( comes to mind...
Whoever is in charge over there must be either a little crazy, really smart, or just very very very dedicated to bitcoin.  Probably a mix of all three...
@_date: 2013-12-27 09:26:32
This is where fixing the block size limit becomes absolutely essential.  If transactions have to fight amongst themselves to be included, with low-paying transactions getting stuck in the ether, that will make the whole system seem unreliable and will hurt Bitcoin far more than FinCen ever could.
@_date: 2013-05-01 06:41:04
Don't wait for the confirmation.  Just wait for the transaction to be seen by the network, this is what the existing Bitcoin POS systems (BitPay) do.  If the coins were already spent, the transaction would be rejected almost instantly.
Once the network sees the transaction, the attacker has only a few seconds to doublespend the coins somewhere else that hasn't heard about the first transaction yet.  However within 10 seconds of the first transaction, you can be pretty well assured that almost all nodes have seen it, at which point the second transaction becomes impossible.
It's a LOT of risk on a very complicated attack for very little reward.  Unless you're selling diamonds or something similarly high valued, there's no need to wait for confirmation, 
@_date: 2013-12-27 17:44:22
looks great!
The tagline is fine, that's part of your current branding.  I just saw the billboard image and since the same tagline is on the billboard it make sense to put it in a prominent position on the website.  So don't be too worried about keeping that.  Glad you liked logo :-)  I like the slightly more spray paint-y stencil font, looks a bit more authentic.
The new to Bitcoin image is 100,000 times better.  Forget this not by much crap.  When someone looks at it, the first thing they see is the quote, "What the heck is Bitcoin?" which they will immediately click on if they want to know what a bitcoin is.  The fact that the new image took 5 minutes to create is irrelevant. Web Design is about creating something effective that efficiently delivers your message, not necessarily something fancy and artistic.
glad to be of service! :-)
@_date: 2013-08-16 20:28:49
The recipient of a Bitcoin transaction will be notified as soon as the transaction hits the network and is spread around to them.  This happens within seconds, and is called a zero-confirmation transaction.  Generally such transactions will be grouped and confirmed into the next block, which will happen within ten minutes.  There have however been instances where a transaction sits unconfirmed for up to 24hrs, but this is uncommon unless there's no transaction fee and the transaction is large (data-wise).
Once a transaction is verified in at least one block, it can be considered done.  Once a transaction is verified in six blocks (generally about an hour), it is considered secure against even a large-scale attack on the Bitcoin network itself.
Most merchants that deal in small amounts (like the tiny few-dollar amounts required for postage labels) do not wait for any confirmations.  As soon as they see the transaction, they authorize the sale.  Payment processors like coinbase.com and bit-pay.com operate in this manner, so they don't keep people waiting for 10+ minutes staring at a checkout page.
I would suggest that the risk of a double-spend attack on a small company like yours is so minimal as to be a non issue.  I think you would get a lot more business by moving to a zero-confirmation payment system than you would lose money from double-spend attacks (which I have yet to hear of ever happening to anybody to begin with).
Just my 2c :)
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:20:53
Oh agreed 100%.  I've never seen them do anything dishonest, which counts for a lot.  And I really want to like them, really I do.
Problem is when the market is moving fast and I keep getting a CloudFlare page, that raises my blood pressure... :(
@_date: 2013-04-30 04:26:15
I think bitcoin+porn is a perfect match.  
Porn producers have been mistreated by credit card systems for years.  Also, and perhaps more importantly, nobody wants to type their full name/address/etc into a porn site (many of which are spammy/scammy and will keep charging the card or show up on a bill shared with wife/family/etc).
Bitcoin solves this.  A porn site can offer expensive-to-produce but high quality content to a much larger market.  A consumer who's already set up with Bitcoin is far more likely to pay for such a product- not only is the transaction semi-anonymous, but there is zero risk of getting overcharged.  A site CANNOT steal your payment details and make unauthorized transactions.  And there is no 'bill' to show up on.
I believe people are fundamentally honest, and are willing to pay for quality when it can be usefully done.  Look at the music industry- as soon as iTunes/eMusic/AmazonMP3 sprung up and started offering quality at a reasonable price, millions of people left P2P for good and started spending money.  Porn has the opportunity to do the same thing.
@_date: 2013-12-27 09:23:08
A suggestion-  shut down Bitcoin-QT and defragment.  Earlier versions were TERRIBLE with fragmentation, they would create ~1000 fragments per MINUTE while downloading the blockchain.  Newer versions have improved on this somewhat but there is still a fragmentation issue.
I'm curious if this helps- I haven't run a full node for a while now...
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:21:05
Ah, that I didn't know.  I've never used their hosted wallet so I thought it was the same as all the others.  Good to know!
@_date: 2013-12-24 08:02:02
Hey there
I've been aware of Gyft as 'the guys who sell Bitcoin gift cards' but didn't see the points back thing.
Is there a fee involved for this service?  Like if I buy a $100 giftcard, do I pay exactly $100 worth of BTC (as calculated by BitPay) or is there an extra fee?  
So (exchange costs on my end aside) does that mean I get 103% of my money to pay Amazon for stuff?  Or am I missing something?
@_date: 2013-05-04 02:34:02
I think porn and Bitcoin are really a perfect match.
Porn, while completely legal, has been screwed hardcore (no pun intended) by the banking/creditcard industry.  Absurd fees, editorial control by the payment processor, closed accounts, etc.  
Consumers lose on that too.  Nobody wants to punch their credit card and address into porn sites (some of which are spammy/scammy).
Bitcoin is the perfect payment method for porn.  Payment is instant and relatively anonymous.  So is delivery as the 'product' is digital.  No names or personal information needs to be exchanged.  Porn company and actors/crew get paid, customer gets a high quality product.
I suspect a LOT of porn companies are going to follow suit now that a big name like MetArt has signed on.  And this could well change the industry as Bitcoin adoption grows.  Consider the music industry- as soon as a legal option at a fair price (iTunes/AmazonMP3/eMusic) showed up, millions of people left p2p networks and never looked back.  As Bitcoin adoption grows, the same thing could happen with porn.
@_date: 2013-12-27 16:36:41
yes! I agree with this 100 percent.  Create a document that anyone can print double sided and three fold into a brochure.  This brochure would go over what bitcoin is and what it does and why the merchant should accept it.  Then when they find a merchant does not accept bitcoin, they can give them the brochure and hopefully the merchant will get some good information.
Edit: voice typing needs to learn the word Bitcoin
@_date: 2013-04-24 08:56:32
If someone told you that this will make you millions, STOP.  Yes there may be money to be made by investing in BTC.  But you should understand exactly WHAT you are investing IN.
The most important thing to understand- Bitcoin is a *currency*, so investing is much like FOREX investing in other currencies.  You hope the exchange rate goes up.  However Bitcoin is still a relatively small economy.  A few $10k trades on any normal FOREX would be a drop in the ocean, a few $10k trades on Bitcoin can create a large ripple and change the market price enough to see it on the charts.  This makes Bitcoin more volatile than the average FOREX.
The easiest way to start is usually to create an account at MtGox.com and fund it via BitInstant- using BitInstant you can make a cash deposit at a local drugstore (CVS/Duane Reade/etc) and that money goes into your MtGox account minus a fee.  Then using MtGox you can trade between Bitcoins and USD.
You can also try coinbase.com.  Buying BTC from them is done by an ACH transfer (you type in the numbers on the bottom of one of your bank account checks), and takes a few days.  But once you have the Bitcoins, you can easily transfer them to MtGox and trade back and forth there.
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2013-05-04 12:31:55
Patience?  Hell no!  I'm an American!  I don't have time for patience, I have the M1 chart instead!  Buy!  Sell!  No wait Buy again!  Make me a bot that will trade 2748172 times per second and extract every last cent out of every hiccup and fluctuation!
That aside, you are absolutely right.  IMHO, Bitcoin is currently overvalued (as much of the price I think comes from speculation and not real usage) but I think in the long haul Bitcoin is fantastically undervalued.  If it takes off as a currency, I could see prices of $500-1000 within the decade.  Especially if the people of one of the bankrupt nations with shitty monetary policy like Argentina or Cyprus adopt it from the bottom up and start paying each other with it due to zero faith in their fiat.
So sit back and enjoy the ride :)
@_date: 2013-12-20 05:19:17
FWIW I didn't read the links too closely.  Giving them the benefit of the doubt, their own ACH system was broken for that operation and they didn't look into it enough.  Assuming the worst, their accounts were BTC-heavy and they didn't have enough fiat to cover the withdrawal so they lie rather than admit they're insolvent.  
Give BTC-E a shot.  Their system works pretty well and they have a handful of extra markets to play in- LTC (Litecoin), NMC (Namecoin), PPC (Peercoin), and straight fiat EUR/USD/RUR.  And you can exchange straight LTC/BTC/PPC without going through a fiat step.  Makes it real easy to play with altcoins, something I'm looking to get into...
Just don't pay too much attention to the chat.  And when you sign up, keep in mind your 'account name' will be your chat name.  Some good info but lots of noise.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:00:48
I think this is a problem that many Bitcoin related companies are experiencing or have experienced.  
Setting up a website is not hard or expensive.  Only takes a few decent web devs and a server.  So they build an engine to do (whatever), set up a website for people to use it, and users arrive and start depositing money.  Now they have 10,000 users (all paying next to nothing) and no support staff, and they are still paying back whatever seed money they used to build the thing so they can't afford to hire a huge team of support people.
So now when everything works perfectly, it's all good.  But as soon as any problem affects more than 5 users at a time, support queues get huge delays and everything grinds to a halt.
I suspect that's what happened here.  A few months ago someone tried to physically go to the CampBX office and found it was a small leased space in one of those 'virtual on-demand office' buildings.
I'm sure the CampBX people are trying as hard as they can to keep it together, but I suspect it's a VERY small operation.
As for me personally- they offered a few interesting trading options, and Dwolla support was useful, but once they grew big enough to become a DDoS target and their site became even more unresponsive during DDoS attacks than Gox, I got out of there.  Sorry guys :(
@_date: 2013-04-30 19:33:43
Not necessarily.  It depends on who you want privacy from.
If you're worried about privacy from the porn company, Bitcoin (even with no effort put into privacy) is excellent.  It wouldn't be very useful for a porn company to analyze the blockchain, especially if you're using a hosted wallet system like Coinbase where the transaction will likely come from a shared master wallet.
If you're worried about privacy from your spouse, Bitcoin is perfect.  Unless you label the destination addresses like 'porn subscription', there's just a ledger of transactions to who knows where.
The problem is getting started.  If Joe Luser is only starting Bitcoin so he can pay for porn, he's going to view the whole process as 'part of paying for porn'.  As such, he's not going to want to put his bank details into ANY website, even a reputable exchange.  
@_date: 2013-05-23 19:06:04
Your pictures are years-old reposts from other forums.
  
Any comment on that?
@_date: 2013-07-18 01:53:54
Very true.  Although reading between the lines of their press release, it really did sound like less of a glowing endorsement and more of a 'okay fine we'll do it can you all shut up about Bitcoin already please?'
Don't take that as any criticism of EFF though, they deserve every dollar they get.  I just renewed my membership today...
@_date: 2013-12-27 11:27:30
I would LOVE to see an "Amazon, please accept Bitcoin!" billboard.
I realize that it's very targeted at something which will likely not have much effect.  However if you want to do this without wasting money, and make it even more effective, start a donation drive specifically for the Amazon billboard.  Find a location right near their HQ, either facing right at  or where it's hard to miss if you're driving there.
Then pay for it ONLY with donations to that specific billboard.  
Put on the billboard something like "Amazon, please accept Bitcoin!  This billboard paid for with donations of users who would rather be giving the money to you.  For more info and to donate visit arisebitcoin.com/amazon"
If that stayed there for more than a couple months, it would send a strong message that users are willing to throw $thousands at making the point, which shows real consumer enthusiasm for Bitcoin.  I think that MIGHT have some effect!
@_date: 2013-04-26 05:06:47
Few paths: 
Coinbase is probably the easiest assuming you haven't set anything up yet.  It takes a few days to verify your ACH link, and then about a week for your first transaction, but after that it's only a few days,  
Dwolla --&gt; verified MtGox account  works too, but you have to wait for Dwolla to verify your ACH, wait for MtGox to verify your ID documents, and then wait 3 days for the ACH money to get into Dwolla.
Dolls --&gt; CampBX might be pretty fast.  They dont require ID verification for small accounts.  As before it takes a few days to get your first dollars into Dwolla but after that you should be able to get them into CampBX pretty fast.
By far the fastest might be an in person transaction.  There's a few sites like localbitcoins that will link you up with a earby human who will exchange between fiat and BTC.  This human will probably charge a higher fee than the exchanges, but it'll likely be faster than getting the accounts set up.
Hope that helps!
@_date: 2013-04-23 05:48:27
From what a quick googling suggests--
The Powers That Be are aware of the issue and are discussing it.  It's generally agreed that this should at some point be fixed, but that it's not essential to fix it IMMEDIATELY.  
The discussion is currently around what to replace the limit with- the block size limit can affect the economics of mining and hashing, so simply removing it isn't a good option.  Various proposals exist- some suggest increasing the limit by an arbitrary amount every so often.  Some suggest calculating a new limit based on previous limits.  Some suggest calculating the limit so as to keep the reward for mining a block relatively constant.  
@_date: 2013-04-26 04:41:39
If you want, make some more changes and reply here and I'll have another look when I'm on a real computer and not an iPad...
@_date: 2013-12-28 18:24:36
Agreed, this was an excellent piece.  
You're doing a good thing down there.  Go buy some dude a cheeseburger :) 
+all verify
(there's only a couple bucks in there, but I'm sure you'll put it to good use :) )
@_date: 2013-12-27 10:49:45
You bought FORTY billboards?  Holy crap!  That must have been VERY expensive!  If you do this again, I suggest instead of saturating one city, put a few billboards in many cities...
A suggestion- add a dash into your domain name, so it becomes arise-bitcoin.com.  I keep reading this as 'arse bitcoin' which isn't exactly an appealing thought :)
**A bit of constructive criticism on your web design**.  I really think your website could be a lot better, and if it's going to be someone's first point of contact with Bitcoin after seeing your billboard, you want it to be as good as it can be.  I hope you find this helpful, please feel free to reply or PM me if you have any questions :)  Please refer to the following screenshot:
When I hit your page, my eye is drawn to the bright colors on the top navbar.  The orange coin provides very strong Bitcoin branding (good) so I immediately know in no uncertain terms that I'm on a Bitcoin website.  However the first place my eye lands is in the center, in the giant blank white space.  Studies have shown people form their initial impression and opinion of a site within 0.2 seconds of it loading.  And your giant blank white banner is wasting that by having nothing to say in the moment I'm most receptive.
'the revolution has started' (aside from being tiny and too light to easily pull attention) is a tagline, not a header.  You need to put your name (arise bitcoin) in there, and I'd strongly suggest including a descriptive phrase like 'dedicated to raising public awareness of Bitcoin'.  This isn't as 'cool', but it's better- in that 0.2 seconds, your visitor now knows the most important pieces of information from the site- who you are, and what you do.
Also, your page wastes about half an inch of space at the top.  Fix that.  And the lowercase-arial 'arisebitcoin.com' is the type of header thing cybersquatters use.  People know your domain name, they just typed it in and it's written at the top of their browser.  Get rid of that.  That would be a good place to put either the 'where do you stand' bit or the 'dedicated to raising bitcoin awareness' bit, whichever one doesn't go under the title.
Your nav bar is HUGE.  Way bigger than it needs to be, shrink it by around 30% if not more.  The bright color draws the eye in, but I think it draws the eye in too much.  There are more important things on the page.
Your first image (the one with the bridge) is PERFECT.  The dark bridge image is instantly recognizable as San Fran, and the translucent overlay adds Bitcoin branding.  Without reading a damn thing (this is within that 0.2 seconds or shortly thereafter) I can immediately tell that you are doing something Bitcoin-related in San Francisco.  If I came to your site from seeing the billboard, I would immediately know I was on the right site.  You might consider adding some text like "Bitcoin billboards in San Francisco!" just to make it obvious.
The second two images could be better.  The second one (new to bitcoin?  click here) IMHO wastes that whole image space with more whitespace.  I have to look down at the text to see what it means.  The third one (the swan) is okay but there should be text IN the image saying 'our upcoming projects'.  And the fourth one (QR code and 'with your support...' is great, straight and to the point.  However you might put the words "Donate Now" underneath the QR code, as a newbie won't understand what that barcode is for.
Now we scroll down, see those four headers with their orange icons?  The header text, even if not the whole orange icons, should be visible in a 1024x768 browser WITHOUT SCROLLING DOWN.  Those four headers contain the most important information on the site- who you are, what you are doing, and how good you are at doing it.  If your initial 0.2 second impression is good, the viewer will immediately want to know more about who you are and what you do.  However on a 1024x768 browser window, the left social media icons block out some of the 'our mission' paragraph text, you should try to fix that.  Get the social media icons to hide a bit so they're only half visible on lower res browsers.
A note on resolution- yeah I browse at 1024x768, and yeah most people (including myself) have much larger monitors.  However the type of people who will likely see your site are already at least a little tech-savvy, which means they will likely be multitasking and have multiple smaller windows open on their large monitor.  So expect that your users may be browsing in a smaller window, perhaps not as small as 1024x768 but maybe 1152x864ish.  In short- don't design to the resolution of your web guy's monitor, design for your users.  If you had content to fill a larger window that would be one thing, but if you stop wasting space your site will fit the important parts (top down to the 4 headers on the bottom) in a 1024 window just fine and a larger monitor viewer won't be missing out on anything.
**I would invite you to consider the following mockup:**
I got rid of the whitespace at the top, got rid of the top right 'arisebitcoin.com' header, and added a (shitty) header graphic.  The Arise, Bitcoin! text is designed to be giant and bold, to be one of the strongest elements on the page and to immediately catch the viewer's eye.  The Stencil font is to give a bit of a guerilla/revolutionary look.  The Raising Public Awareness of Bitcoin is the same color as the Bitcoin circle at the left, but a bit darker, so it's always there and easy to read but doesn't stand out as much.  It could just as easily be replaced with your 'the revolution has started... where do you stand?' tagline.  Like I said though, this header is shitty and took two minutes to make, any decent graphic designer can come up with something better in half an hour.  
The navbar is shrunk to a reasonable size, and the Bitcoin coin left of the header is a bit shorter, both of which save some vertical space.  Together these allow the whole four icons to fit on a 1024x768 window, and just overall make the page waste less space.  Finally, I moved the left social media icons off to the side a bit, the idea is if you mouse over them they will pop back in so they are fully shown.
The end result is that the most important thing (header) attracts the reader's eye for that 0.2 seconds, and uses it to deliver the site name and purpose.  The image provides some content, and for the reader who wants to know more, it's obvious to scroll down as the four text headers are visible.
[Here's the two images next to each other...](
Hope that helps!  :)
@_date: 2013-04-22 15:54:03
No.  Bitcoins, like any other currency (including gold) are only worth what someone is willing to give you for them.  Gold only has value because it's somewhat rare and people like the way it looks so they will give you other things in exchange for gold.  US Dollars or any other fiat currencies are only worth anything because there is a limited supply of them and people will give you things in exchange for them.
Just the same, Bitcoins have value only because there is a limited supply of them and people will give you things in exchange for them.  If nobody is there to give you things in exchange for your currency (no matter which currency it is) then that currency is worthless.  (of course if someone shows up later wanting to buy your bitcoin, then it has value...)
@_date: 2013-07-10 17:00:28
Link to your bank acct, and sell coins from there.  The transaction takes a few days, but you get whatever the price was when you hit buy/sell, not the price when it settles a few days later.
@_date: 2013-07-07 23:47:42
Yeah it's slow, which sucks.  Except during periods of heavy trading, when the site doesn't work at all and you get redirected to their cloudflare backup page 9 out of 10 clicks.
They have a great platform, but they need to add capacity or something ASAP.  With a market that moves as fast as BTC does, it's simply NOT OKAY for it to take 20+ minutes to log into the damn website (as it did for me the other day).  It's also not okay for support response time to be quoted at 5 days.  Imagine if Schwab's or TD's online platform went offline and they said they'd get back to you in 5 days, there'd be lawsuits.
So for the moment I'm back at Gox.  Sure they have issues, but at least they've gotten their site to be pretty reliable.
@_date: 2013-07-17 13:33:47
Yeah they did, then donated the bitcoins they'd gotten to one of the bitcoin faucet websites.
Recently Bitcoin advocates had been pestering them enough that they decided to resume accepting BTC.  Read their press release on the subject- it basically boils down to "y'all wouldn't shut up about this shit so fine we're doing it again" :)  Fortunately the faucet website had saved most of the original coins (which went back to EFF) and they now once again accept Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-22 12:37:29
Perhaps I am missing something, but wasn't the attack supposed to begin at 11:30am EST?  IE, hasn't it not started yet?
@_date: 2013-12-20 05:02:43
It doesn't have to be secure.  Unless an elaborate rewrite scheme is used (IE:  kj3h245o8f = CampBX) it'd be relatively easy for an attacker to strip out the personalized bit.
However since a small minority of users do this, ADDING the personalized bit (in an attempt to 'frame' another website) is difficult unless you start collecting a list of domains and gmails that use personalized addresses.  Your time spent on this is most likely wasted, I don't see how this would deliver anything of value.
And since such a small minority do this, it's generally not worth the effort to remove the tag either.  The user who's smart enough to figure out what you did isn't going to be dumb enough to fall for your spam attempt.
So while it doesn't 'prove' anything, it is highly suggestive.
@_date: 2013-04-24 17:18:08
This is a GREAT idea, I love it!  We've all gotten those gift cards as presents, this is a great way to give such gifts and spread BTC awareness all at the same time!  I would absolutely buy some of these if they are offered at a reasonable price (IE the cost of printing the card isn't too high)...
@_date: 2013-04-26 04:45:42
If you want people to make money with this, there are some features you will need.
It has to be able to figure out the trend over the past X minutes/hours/days, and incorporate that into its rules.  It has to accept rules like 'if price falls X% below current average high for more than Y minutes, sell'.  It has to be able to calculate EMAs and act on them.  Do that and you will get some interest.
Otherwise people will have to be continually resetting the trigger prices based on market conditions.
@_date: 2013-04-23 14:05:57
Sure we do, that enhances the value of bitcoins (as they become valued by themselves rather than valued for their USD/EUR value).  
However we need a path to get there.  Few if any merchants are set up to do their accounting in BTC, and the IRS doesn't accept BTC for paying taxes.  Plus which the exchange value of BTC has been extremely unstable, so many merchants aren't keen to keep their receipts in a currency that could lose 10% of its value in a day.  
There's also a chicken and egg problem.  BTC (like any other currency) is valued for its exchange value and also for its buying power.  But right now its buying power is relatively low, because few merchants accept BTC as payment.  As more and more merchants start to accept BTC, that buying power goes up as does the incentive to keep funds in BTC instead of converting them to USD.
In time, assuming the adoption trend continues, more and more people will keep their receipts in BTC.  I expect this will more likely happen first in various foreign countries, countries that use an unstable or overinflated fiat currency.  Those people have more incentive to switch than stateside merchants.
@_date: 2013-12-27 09:16:46
coingig.com i think is the closest there currently is
There's a lot of junk on it though, MS "legal" serial keys for $5 type stuff...
@_date: 2013-04-24 06:45:38
y'know, I think Bitcoin could be a real savior for the porn industry.  Hear me out here...
Back before the Internet, it was hard for most people to get porn.  Not because it's hard to find, but because of the perceived embarrassment of going to a store and buying it.
When the Internet came around, now you could buy porn in your bedroom and have it delivered instantly and discreetly.  For a while the only websites that made any money were porn sites.  Of course then online porn got a reputation for scammy/spammy practices (largely due to spyware installs and such), and then people started sharing porn P2P and on sharing sites, and now anybody with a $500 camera and a laptop can make half decent porn.  Thus the porn business is (apparently, I've seen a few documentaries) not doing as well as they used to be.
Bitcoin could help them.  Lots of people would happily pay for easy access to quality content, if they could stay semi-anonymous and the process was more or less instant (no filling out name/address/credit  Payment and product are actually instant, and it doesn't show up on the Visa bill.  
Much like iTunes/eMusic/AmazonMP3 provided a simple, easy, high-quality alternative to clumsy, slow, and often infected P2P downloads, transactions with Bitcoin could enable immediate access to high quality content instead of tons of popup ads and mixed-quality content on free sites.  Sounds like a win-win to me!
@_date: 2013-05-20 03:04:01
Nice ideas, but not wise to implement in the main bitcoin blockchain.  While little security features like this would be nice, they are 'nice to haves' not 'we need thems'.  
Basically, I don't think that the benefits this would bring are worth the trouble of redefining how bitcoin addresses are handled.  
@_date: 2013-04-24 15:35:30
Your best bet is to use a 3rd party service like BitPay or Coinbase for handling the conversion.  Using coinbase for example, the shopping cart will pass the customer off to coinbase for payment, and the customer gets passed back on successful completion.
@_date: 2013-04-22 15:56:15
Transaction fees will make mining somewhat worthwhile so confirmations will continue to flow.  By the time all bitcoins have been mined, there will in theory be a lot more transactions, thus a lot more transaction fees.
@_date: 2013-05-12 13:48:47
Multibit, from what I understand, doesn't keep the entire blockchain on file.  That means it doesn't need to reference every single transaction it receives (which is basically all of everybody's transactions) against the entire record of every transaction ever.  This of course makes it faster :)
It was always understood that as Bitcoin matured it would no longer be viable for every single user to keep the entire blockchain on file as doing so and keeping up to date with the whole Bitcoin network would consume more compute resources than the average user would want to dedicate.  
@_date: 2013-05-06 21:09:30
didn't want the tip?  ah well.  
Either way thanks for the advice :)
@_date: 2013-05-13 06:16:48
Speaking as a potential customer- this isn't acceptable.
Your service is a convenience.  However that convenience is NOT worth the risk that should the recipient forget to claim the money it just disappears.  That's just not okay.
Take a percentage of all transactions, up to a certain amount (say a dollar or two for example max fee), or charge a larger percentage on returned transactions.  But just keeping the money is a non starter for me.  With that policy in place I will never use your service.
@_date: 2013-07-08 06:10:40
Are you talking about an ACH payment or an actual wire transfer?  If it's a real wire transfer, what bank is it?
My bank (from their FAQ) won't do a wire transfer unless they witness your signature, so you have to go to a branch.  If you want to repeat transfer to the same destination you can then do it over the phone.  But none of it is online.
@_date: 2013-06-14 01:03:31
Yup, BitPay is the way to go.  Punch in the dollar amount of the receipt, it calculates the BTC amount and presents a one use QR code to scan (which includes the amount and a one use address).  Customer scans and hits pay.  As soon as the payment hits the Bitcoin network the QR code is replaced with a confirmation.
On the backend you tell them what to do with the money.  They can instantly convert it to USD and deposit it nightly, or send it to a bitcoin address, etc.  You decide what % of your revenue goes where.  So you can have it deposit 80% into your bank account and keep the rest as BTC for example.
@_date: 2013-11-17 20:33:36
+0.00554807 BTC verify
to claim it, send a PM to with "HELP" and you'll get a PM back with a list of commands.  First you send ACCEPT to accept the tip (otherwise it gets returned to me in a month or two) then WITHDRAW to send the BTC to another bitcoin address.
@_date: 2013-12-24 08:25:44
Okay so I spend $100 worth of BTC to get $100 giftcard and $3 worth of gyft points credit to use next time
So am I right in assuming that Amazon sells them the gift cards for less than $97, and that's how they make money?
If so that's a pretty nice system, I may try it out...
@_date: 2013-04-23 00:03:20
Sure you would.  Those dollars would literally only be worth the paper they're printed on :)  
@_date: 2013-04-23 18:06:54
No, it's not.
If you think Reddit Gold is worthless then by all means don't buy it.  However as a Gold user, I suggest the extra features are not worthless.
From a purely Bitcoin POV, it is helpful to proactively spend money at Bitcoin-supporting merchants.  If the merchants that accept bitcoin frequently report increased sales from accepting bitcoin, more merchants will sign up and we all benefit.  
Also, Reddit is one of the first handful of 'big' sites to start taking BTC as payment.  They're good people and this site doesn't suck, I see no reason in trying to actively help them out.
@_date: 2013-05-12 11:59:04
Okay, I am for the sake of argument going to assume you are not a shithead trying to scam out some money.  I'm not going to give you any money, but I will give you some advice.  Perhaps it will help, assuming of course you are not a scam.
First- what you did was stupid as hell.  You know that.  There is of course some romance to 'betting it all on red' but of course that fails at least half the time.  So you lost a bunch of money.
However, let me frame this a different way.  Let's say you wake up one day to find a man pointing a gun at you demanding $20k or you're dead.  Is your life worth $20k?  I suggest it probably is.
Now you're pretty deep in the hole, and you need to get yourself out.  But as they say, when you're in the hole the first thing to do is stop digging deeper.  So you need to realize that you have a gambling problem, even if you only placed one bet.  Gambling got you into this mess, gambling will NOT get you out of it.  
I don't know if this thread will get you any coins, but I'd suggest you should take whatever you get and close all your Bitcoin accounts.  Convert your money to fiat and uninstall Bitcoin, close your wallets, etc.  As long as your money isn't in BTC, you won't have as much temptation to play the dice again.
Next **you need to realize that only you have the power to strap yourself up out of this.**  You don't need random internet donators, you don't need your girlfriend, you don't need shit.  You have a fairly big problem, but it's not an unfixable problem.  You need yourself, and **you need to get up off your fucking ass and get another job.**  Right Now.  You could talk to your ex-employer and say you had a 'personal emergency' that you can't talk about (don't tell them you lost it all gambling, just say you can't talk about it and if they can't re-hire you you understand).  Maybe you'll get lucky.  But if not, move on.  Pound the pavement, hit up the career websites and classifieds.  **Quit sulking and feeling sorry for yourself, and start the process of fixing the problem.**  Find a good job.  Take two jobs if you have to and it doesn't wear you out.  Maybe do consulting on the side.  Lots of little old ladies need their computers fixed and have money to pay for it.
You also need to change your lifestyle.  You need to be FRUGAL for a while and save your money.  If you drink, stop.  DO NOT go to a bar- it's just an expensive way to get drunk.  If you smoke, quit.  Alcohol and cigarettes will piss your money away.  Don't order take out food.  Learn to cook, and make 3 meals a day for yourself and save a TON of money doing it- instead of $8 for a deli sandwich at lunch, feed yourself all day for $5.  Don't spend money on 'toys' like video games.  Cancel your cable TV and get Netflix (can save $50-100/mo right there).  
So once you have a job or two and have leaned out your life, you're hopefully making a handful of money.  First- pay minimum monthly payments on your debt and save up.  Save enough that you can live for a month with zero income.  Once you're there, keep your savings account at that level and EVERY EXTRA DIME goes to pay down your debt.  Then stay frugal and lean until you are exactly back to where you were before you started.  **This may take a year, it may take several years.  But it IS possible, and you CAN do it.**
Once you're out of the hole, then you can look at engineering courses.  But if you know IT right now, stay in IT.  Right now you need money ASAP, and you're much more likely to get it from IT.
**TL;DR:  you can dig yourself out of this.  It may take a year, or it may take a decade, but you CAN pull yourself out.  You're only 24, you have most of your life ahead of you.  You've made a mistake, but not an unfixable one.  So fix it.**
@_date: 2013-11-28 15:08:33
What is the world coming to when the Chinese communist propaganda channel is the only one that seems to be telling it like it is?  The US has been poor stewards of the dollar, we have allowed petty domestic squabbles to become worldwide problems.  
That aside though, dethroning the dollar would be GREAT for Chinese interests.  And I suspect the Chinese government wouldn't mind if Bitcoin became the replacement international currency, especially if Chinese are holding lots of BTC while it happens.  But more importantly, Bitcoin can't be bullied by the US military.  As someone once said, "You can't point a gun at a prime number and expect things to change."  
And on the political front, China risks little- they can passively support BTC under the guise of embracing innovation, then sit back and wait.  If BTC goes places, they have their USD replacement and none of the blame (or US displeasure) falls on them.  If not, they lose nothing and have nothing to apologize for.  
@_date: 2013-05-01 02:09:15
Definitely agree that independently owned is better for an ATM.  
I think even a central system though could get around some of the AML crap.  Look at CampBX- they accept Dwolla with no AML for small transactions (under $1k/day as I recall).  An ATM is going to be handling at most a few hundred bucks at a time.  That's not to say that the regulators will be happy about it, but where CAN you collect data short of asking customers to type their SSN into the ATM (which of course isn't going to happen)?
@_date: 2013-12-23 06:59:22


if you're not charging any markup, then how are you making any money?
@_date: 2013-07-27 17:39:07
If this is your page, you need to update your Google Maps API key or something...  it gives a popup error message when loading the site...
@_date: 2013-12-27 23:12:05


Don't worry, nobody will hold that against you here.  is a very open and welcoming community.  You don't have to be ashamed while you're here...
@_date: 2013-07-07 23:49:50
Another vote for Coinbase.
Link your bank account to Coinbase, then buy your coins that way.  It takes a few days for ACH to do the transfer, but you get your coins at whatever price they were at when you hit 'buy' (which can be good or bad depending how the market moves).
Coinbase also works pretty well as a hosted wallet (if you trust them at least).
@_date: 2013-04-24 15:31:28
That they can, and much more easily than they once could.  But the amateur couple is, in a way, much like the indie music sites were around the rise of iTunes.  Lots of them can do it cheaply, quality can vary a lot, and the small guys get a small but dedicated following, but they don't collectively kill the big guys.
The big guys don't have a monopoly on production anymore (just as the record labels don't have a monopoly on distribution anymore) but they can easily respond by making it easier to buy, and profit/grow in the process.  
Let me put it to you this way, would you pay a Netflix-type fee ($5-10/mo worth of BTC) for access to a full database of thousands of hours of top shelf content?  A WHOLE LOT of people would IMHO.  Yeah they'd lose some money from the old hardcore porn fiends, but they'd open up a whole new customer base that had never before paid for porn.
@_date: 2013-12-27 16:51:14
I see a lot of people use web sites, it really depends on the type of user.
Less experienced users very frequently will keep everything maximized, only doing one thing at a time.  Very tech savvy users will have tons of windows everywhere.  I have never actually seen anybody precisely split their monitor 50/50, although I seen lots of people resize the windows to approximate that.  Personally I run a multi monitor setup, I used relatively small windows so it's easy to drag them around from one desktop to the other.
I'm not necessarily saying 1024 by 768 should be the ideal target.  but I do think that one should avoid wasting space as much as possible, to reduce scrolling and reduce how far the eye has to travel to get to the content.
@_date: 2013-04-26 04:38:12
Suggestion- set up a free BitPay test account so you can SHOW them how it works.  Remember to set up the checkout thing ro ask for prices in USD.  
Do the demo and show them how dead simple it is.  Point out that unlike other pay-by-cellphone systems which utilize NFC, no special hardware is needed by either the merchant or the customer.  This isn't something that will work with one carrier but not another or only one kind of android phone.  This isnt something that might be cool in 5 years, anybody can do this, NOW, TODAY.  
I think your biggest pitch is the one merchant solution.  Point out how Bitcoin has grown from a nice idea to something actively discussed on financial TV in just a few years.  Point out that in a few more years everybody will be doing it, by doing it first you guys can head off the 'little guys' like BitPay that will spring up to steal your customers, and you can make money in the process.
@_date: 2013-05-11 12:47:05
Hmm.  For a standalone device like this with no Internet connection, the only way it could become a backdoor is if its key generating routine was somehow weakened in a particular way, or if it used pre-generated wallet addresses.  Since it's disconnected, if it truly is generating secure wallets it can't upload the generated addresses to somewhere else so the vulnerability would have to be in the wallets themselves.
I would think a thorough source code review, with a user-operable procedure to compile and flash said source code to the device that does not require any tools made by OP (such as compilers or loaders) would be fairly secure.  
If you can analyze OP's source code and determine it clean, then use tools provided by trusted 3rd parties (such as chip or devboard manufacturers) to compile and flash it, then you should be pretty safe.
Then a simple physical exam of the circuit boards should reveal anything out of the ordinary (IE 2nd CPU watching the data lines and saving the keys to a flash chip, or radio transmitter)
@_date: 2013-07-15 14:33:18
Very true.  Any backup should either be very well encrypted or better stored hardcopy in a safe.
@_date: 2013-04-30 20:51:43
Of this I am well aware.  And if everybody was using Bitcoin-QT, it would probably be pretty easy to track things.  When you receive BTC with Bitcoin-QT, and then send it out, it comes 'from' whatever address received it.  So in this you are right it is very easy to track, especially if the exchange is cooperative and reveals their database.
However lots of people use hosted services like Coinbase, MtGox, blockchain, etc.  These services generally keep most of their BTC in cold storage, and have a handful of internal wallets from which transactions are sent.  This breaks the chain of custody (as far as the blockchain is concerned at least) because when you send those coins on to someone else, chances are the funds will come from a completely different wallet.
Now, granted, if you assume the exchanges have been compromised by government or whatever, then yeah you're absolutely right, then the whole system isn't much more private than Visa.  But that's not currently the case...
@_date: 2013-04-30 07:20:49
I think Coinbase.com is pretty easy.  Just link it to your bank acct (like PayPal) and you're done.  Still takes a few days though :(.
BitInstant can help with that but it's non-obvious how to make the transaction happen much of the time for a n00b (have to punch Coinbase wallet address into BitInstant).
@_date: 2013-04-30 17:03:48
True.  We obviously need more sites like Coinbase, sites where you don't have to send in tons of AML/KYC ID bullshit for small non-investing accounts (sub-$1k/day).  
@_date: 2013-05-25 18:13:52
FYI- on Reddit posts don't get 'bumped' when you update them or someone replies.  The order of posts is determined by votes and an algorithm.  The algorithm is time-weighted, so older posts get stale and automatically fall off.
If you're going to stick with this, you should contact the moderators (link's in the right navbar) and ask if this can become a daily thing.  So every day submit a 'bitcoin adoption plan of the day' thread.
You could also create your own subreddit, like and post your updates there and announce it in People who want to help would subscribe to your subreddit.
@_date: 2013-08-06 16:42:11
Hey there's a briefcase that's plugged into the wall!  Let's put money into it!
Only at DEFCON...
@_date: 2013-12-09 02:13:34
Ain't nobody got time for that!
@_date: 2013-11-29 19:36:57
If your friends ignored your advice, and are now pissed at you that they did, the fault is with your friends not you.  Don't put up with any bullshit, if they complain just remind them they can still invest however much or little they want, and you gave them good advice back at the start so whatever is going wrong isn't your fault.
@_date: 2013-05-12 12:42:50
People selling BTC on eBay are covering their costs from scammers.  PayPal allows chargebacks, Bitcoin doesn't.  So I could buy my BTC on eBay, chargeback the transaction with PayPal, and now the seller is out however much BTC he sent me.
In person BTC sales always cost more than online, to pay for the exchanger's time and risk.  You're asking someone to take time out of their day to meet a stranger and exchange some volume of cash.  That's not free.
@_date: 2013-08-12 16:34:41
Contacting support doesn't do shit.  It just increases load on the support guys.  I think as another poster said the answer is to send an email or SMS with a clickable link.  I'd add that every contact info on file should then be contacted and advised of the transaction, which should delay by an hour or so to allow the account holder time to block it.  This will be a pain in the ass and encourage people to set up 2FA.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:02:36
My point exactly.
@_date: 2013-05-03 08:36:23
Overall- they're great.  For a bitcoin USER, they're exactly what you want.
If you want to buy or sell bitcoins for the purpose of buying and selling items, they are perfect.  Their ACH takes a week or so to go through, but they give you the exchange market price of when you approved the transaction (unless they run out of coins, which they periodically do, in which case the website explains what will happen).
If you want to keep your coins in a hosted wallet with a pretty good Android app, they are a great choice.
If you want a company that will fix problems for the customers and responds to trouble tickets fairly quickly, that's them too.
If you want to TRADE bitcoins and buy and sell rapidly, that's not Coinbase.  If you are a trader, you'll want something else (like CampBX or MtGox) instead of or in addition to Coinbase.
@_date: 2013-05-02 01:30:02
There are no negatives in Bitcoin.  If you try to spend or send more than you have, the network will reject the transaction.
Transaction fees are paid by the sender.  So if I send you 0.0001BTC, and the transaction fee is 0.0005BTC, ***I*** will be charged 0.0006BTC.  Since transaction fees are paid by the sender, they cannot cause your balance to go negative.
@_date: 2013-04-25 21:08:40
Agreed on the lag.  It's extremely frustrating.  I am seriously thinking it might be time to start doing some trading on CampBX or another exchange...
@_date: 2013-11-17 21:32:21
Most welcome :D  I just forgot about the transaction fee, otherwise you'd have all of it earlier :)
@_date: 2013-04-25 20:55:02
I'd suggest focus on WHERE your transactions go.
Try the same experiment again, but on two computers.  Have one connected to a VPN service on a different continent, so your two transactions show up literally on opposite sides of the world.  Hit 'enter' on the VPN'd computer a fraction of a second before hitting enter on the local computer so both transactions emerge onto the Innertubes at the same time.
THAT should produce an interesting result.  I'd be curious to see what that result is...
@_date: 2013-12-27 16:38:52
glad to be of service :-)
my biggest suggestion is if you are going to update the site, do it as soon as possible, like within the next day or two.  If I read your thing correctly, the billboards should be going up today or very shortly.  that means tons and tons of very tech savvy people are going to be going to your website, you don't want to disappoint them.  :-)
@_date: 2013-12-19 22:29:33
What difference does it make?  Even if the attacker bothered to strip out the unique part, unless I used a completely disposable address for each company, they'd still get the address anyway.
@_date: 2013-08-16 04:55:56
Within 24 hours?  Hate to say it, but that kills this.
There are lots of things that I ship which I'd be happy to use USPS for but I use FedEx because they're fast and easy and they don't fuck up packages like UPS does.  If this was instant (zero confirmations) I'd use it all the time.  But if it's 24hr turnaround that suggests you are making the labels manually.  Unfortunately, that's a deal killer for me.
Make it instant and automated and I'd use this a bunch.
@_date: 2013-12-20 05:08:11
I think all this 'could have been guessed' stuff is stupid.  Yeah it could have been guessed.  But unless some attacker is dead set on making it look like CampBX's database was stolen, I'm not buying it.  Custom per-account emails are too rare for an attacker to bother with trying to sort out, and lots of people with non-unique emails got the phishing email too.
Unless I hear proof of HOW these email addresses got out, I'm operating under the assumption that CampBX was hacked.
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:10:49
I mean Blockchain.info the service, not the blockchain made up of mined blocks.  Blockchain.info DOES have a hosted wallet- 
I am 100% sure that MtGox and all the others record every last thing that happens anywhere near their systems.  So yes if you don't trust MtGox then the anonymity breaks down.  If you want to do something that nobody will ever find out about, even after an investigation, Bitcoin may not be of much help.
But like I said, it depends on who you want to be anonymous from.  If you don't want porn companies to spam you, Bitcoin is fucking perfect.  If you don't want your SO to find out you're paying for porn, Bitcoin works pretty damn well at that too.
If you want to hide money from the government, plain vanilla Bitcoin is not what you want.  Bitcoin CAN be made to work for such a purpose, but significant extra anonymity steps need to be taken.
@_date: 2013-05-04 01:58:46
No, that's actually quite helpful.  I hadn't considered that my post looked like spam :(  That's good to know.  Thanks!
@_date: 2013-07-12 21:52:46
Yes- for them, the merchant.
They need to know where their customers are located, so as to reject international signups.  BitPay doesn't do any location checking on the customer payments, they just turn Bitcoins into cash and deposit it.  
@_date: 2013-05-22 15:09:11
Please keep us up to date!  The world needs to know!
@_date: 2013-12-20 05:23:38
Exactly.  Whether you use a domain catch-all (campbx or a Gmail alias (myname+campbx the result is the same.
Personally I use unique addresses for every website I sign up for.  Costs me nothing, causes no headaches, and it helps me figure out who sells me out.  This made me aware of the Consumerist hack before it made big news- I started getting spam on the address I used to register with them so I knew they either sold me out or got hacked.
It also makes it really easy to recover.  Someone sells me out or gets hacked, I write a filter so all email sent to them goes in the bit bucket.  Problem solved.
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:28:05
"Dear Customers,
While shopping at our store, please be sure not to touch any hot objects so you don't burn yourself.
Not mentioned:  the store is on fire and about to explode.
@_date: 2013-05-12 12:38:36
Mining stops when 21 million bitcoins have been mined.  The network has no way of knowing if bitcoins are 'lost' or simply not being circulated, so there is no allowance for lost coins.
So in short, yes the limit is 21 million minus the amount that have been lost.
However I don't consider this to be a big problem.  Now that BTC are worth something, people are actually paying attention to their security so lost BTC is fairly infrequent.
More importantly, we won't hit 21 million until sometime in 2040 or thereabouts.  So there will be a trickle of mining reward to replace the lost coins for a long time.  By 2040, if Bitcoin is still around in active use, it will probably be worth a LOT more than it is today (perhaps $1000-$10,000USD today equivalent if not more\*).  So people will be losing millibits and Satoshis, not Bitcoins.  
\* think about it- right now a single medium sized corporation might make 21 million dollars in a year.  There are 21 million bitcoins, period, for everybody.  If BTC is to become a widely-adopted global currency, well, it's a matter of simple numbers.
@_date: 2013-04-26 22:30:10
Note when I say test account I am not referring to any kind of dummy account.  I mean make a real BitPay account for yourself (just say it's for freelance work or something on the signup form).  Show the thing in action!
@_date: 2013-07-24 20:21:08
That's fair.  However my advice comes from reading what the guy said.  Right now it's just dip-toe-in-water manual processing.  Reading between the lines, he's posting here to see if anyone will even give two shits (or to demonstrate interest to his own boss).  It costs money to do things, he wants to be sure anyone will actually USE Bitcoin if they put resources into accepting it.
That said, at the current point in time, I don't think it's much of a decision.  Their choices are either use one of the processors like Coinbase or BitPay, or code their own exchange thing.  Unless they're really personally interested in the future of Bitcoin, or they have suppliers they can pay in Bitcoin, it's highly unlikely they'd have any need or desire to keep Bitcoins around.  I wish that wasn't the case, and I hope very soon it's not anymore, but for the moment, that's the facts.
Businesses like this which take Bitcoin are doing so to open up new customer markets and spread word of mouth.  Some do it because someone at the business personally likes Bitcoins, or because the company as a whole tries to stay on the leading edge.  But the simple reality is that few if any companies are taking Bitcoins because they suddenly find themselves needing Bitcoins and have none.  They want to make dollars.
@_date: 2013-04-26 04:27:28
Dump the first paragraph.  Nobody cares about the ideals behind bitcoins, the nitty gritty details should come later.  Instead get to the point, so someone who only reads the first sentence gets the important stuff.  For example:
Bitcoin is a highly secure digital peer-to-peer currency.  Bitcoin is not a way of moving dollars or euros around, it is a distinct currency with market-based exchange rates against dollars, euros, and other currencies.  Bitcoins are stored in a digital file called a wallet, and can be transferred instantly in any quantity from one wallet to another with no transaction fees.  Unlike other forms of currency, there is no central bank or company behind Bitcoin, the millions of computers running Bitcoin software all work together to authenticate and process transactions.  
One of the primary benefits Bitcoin offers a merchant is the lack of chargebacks.  Once a Bitcoin transaction is accepted by the Bitcoin network (which takes only a few seconds), it cannot be reversed.  This means accepting Bitcoin is very safe for the merchant.
Now you probably want to be paid in Dollars, not Bitcoins, and that's just fine.  Companies like BitPay will handle your Bitcoin acceptance for you.  Bitcoins get immediately exchange for US Dollars, and deposited to your bank nightly.  The fee for this service is only 1%, far less than most credit card services.  And there is still no risk of chargebacks!
Feel free to use any of that that you want...
@_date: 2013-04-23 04:08:53
BitPay is exactly what Bitcoin needs to get merchants on board.  It takes minutes to sign up for free, collecting a payment is dead simple, and most importantly the merchant doesn't have to know much about Bitcoin.
One of the companies I work for just signed up with BitPay recently.  It couldn't have been easier.  Now if someone wants to pay Bitcoins, they just bring up the shortcut for the checkout and the transaction is completed in seconds.  
If only we had more bitcoin-paying customers.  Unfortunately it's a local, in-person business so I can't whore in Reddit traffic :(
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:07:54
For anyone who didn't see the [other thread]( I can confirm this.  I also use unique email addresses (as everyone who either owns a domain [or has a Gmail account]( should) and the phishing attempt was sent to my CampBX-specific email.  
At this point it seems very likely that their customer database is hacked in some way.  
You all know the drill, change all your passwords if you use the same password everywhere...
@_date: 2013-12-10 10:04:40
That's a page full of price trackers and other such things.  There is not one actually WALLET app in there.  Apple doesn't ban 'everything bitcoin-related', they ban wallet apps because it goes against apple's policy of not having apps hold money or some such.
@_date: 2013-05-20 21:33:38
I don't deny that there are advantages to this, having the network enforce security for you.
The problem is to implement your ideas, you'd first have to add a 'cancel transaction' signal to the protocol.  That's more traffic flying around the network.  Now if the guy steals your wallet, he can ALSO send a cancel transaction signal.  This signal would have to go into the blockchain protocol as a way to un-do a previous transaction that is already committed.  So let's say you do that, when someone steals your wallet now you're going to get in a cancel battle with the attacker, each cancelling each others transactions.  How does the network determine whos cancel order is the valid one?  Unless you have some way to do that (more complexity!) the blockchain will be spammed with canceled orders.
It's issues like this that make me (IMHO at least) very hesitant to do ANYTHING to the blockchain that isn't absolutely required.  At some point the max block size will have to increase past 1mb, which will require a hardfork.  The devs are already wrangling with how to deal with this.  Even though this is years away, there's already much discussion on how to do it without making a huge mess.  That's because it HAS to be done- once transaction volume exceeds a certain amount, either the block size increases or transactions start battling for miner attention with higher transaction fees (and many transactions getting ignored).
Your ideas are nice, but they're 'nice to have' ideas, not 'absolutely needed' ideas.  And when we're already debating a 'absolutely needed' idea years in advance, I don't think you'll find much traction for a 'nice to have' idea that requires rewriting the way Bitcoin works to implement it.
@_date: 2013-04-24 08:28:14
Yeah I did the same calculation, fifty plus dollars to process a rent or mortgage check is a bit silly.  Especially since there's no risk involved (no chargebacks once a BTC transaction confirms).
I think 2-3% with a maximum fee of say $10 per payment is about the right size.  
@_date: 2013-07-24 15:21:51
Suggestion- you guys should just hire a processor like coinbase.com or BitPay.com and integrate them with your online payment system.  You get USD in your account within 24hrs and the fee is only 1% (which is probably less than your credit card processor charges).
Whatever you do, it's important to get this integrated into your system.  Having to pay manually greatly increases the friction of the whole thing, and while you'll get a few interested people that way you will get a lot more interest if you really integrate.
One of the biggest advantages of Bitcoin is it hugely simplifies the checkout process, making the process faster and requiring less user effort.  With a standard credit card I have to type out my name/address/phone/Card which is a pain in the ass.  Bitcoin removes all of this, instead I just see a QR code, a Bitcoin address and amount due, and a 'Pay Now' link with a bitcoin: URL.  I personally use a Coinbase hosted wallet, so I scan the QR code with my phone, type my PIN, and hit pay.  Done in seconds with much less hassle.
This can increase conversion rates too.  I know I've gone to sites, thought about signing up, but closed out at the credit card form because I didn't feel like filling it out.  
@_date: 2013-09-30 19:55:40
Hope you had a good nap.  Would you like some rice pudding with your tea?  :P
CCBill/Epoch would probably be for it (in concept at least) because they could charge at least a few percent transaction fee (or maybe they'd try to charge the same as they charge now, who knows) but carry zero risk on the transaction.  So it's pure profit.  Of course like the others it boils down to cost/benefit- is the cost of implementing Bitcoin worth the benefit it will bring?
The Coinbase setup can be very discouraging to new users.  We happily go through it because we are personally invested in driving Bitcoin and making it succeed, and we want to be part of this new currency.  Your average Joe however doesn't give two shits about the future of Bitcoin, he just wants to get some porn, quickly, discreetly, and privately, without getting ripped off.  So for him to 'go through all that crap' just to buy porn is even worse than putting in a CC
Bitcoin ATMs can be a big part of the answer, if FinCEN etc don't legislate them out of existence before they exit prototype stage.
@_date: 2013-12-20 05:11:31
I didn't bother.  I haven't used BX in months- I signed up with them because they used to take Dwolla.  When they started getting hit with DDoS worse than Gox, and they stopped answering their support queue in &lt; 1week, I moved on as they are obviously in way over their heads.  I have no hard feelings for them, but as I said in another post, I need something more professional.
If you want to try and get a hold of them, have at it.