@_author: sirjelly
@_date: 2018-09-27 17:11:34
This isn't about the *level* of regulation, it's about certainty.
Innovation can't continue if there is significant risk that the rules will change significantly and with catastrophic outcome for those involved.
Regulate as you wish, but put some guide rails in place soon. For example: an iron fist criminalization of all cryptocurrencies which do not have key control levers available for government officials wouldn't be an ideal outcome, but even that would be better than refusing to promise that isn't going to happen and telegraphing mixed stances.
@_date: 2016-03-01 18:53:16
The methods in his article are useful for attacking nearly ANY idea, not just bitcoin. Social manipulation tactics courses should eventually be offered in public schools.
@_date: 2017-03-18 14:02:09
Remember, it seems there is significant effort to sew divisiveness in the community, and the parties behind this effort likely seek to destroy Bitcoin entirely.  Guard yourselves against it.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:29:50
The whole premise of this belief is rooted in an emotional desire to see banks suffer, not reality. Cryptocurrencies don't facilitate the transfer of money between savers and borrowers, banks do that. This is probably **the** single most important mechanism of finance. Though multiple cryptographic mechanisms exist to establish the ability to pay, every one introduces a liquidity disadvantage compared to revolving credit, another service of existing financial institutions.
Crypto certainly has strengths, the ability to circle around political and economic borders is a significant and already realized benefit. However, the vast majority of the benefits are still theoretical. If and when they are realized, they could be gigantic, and fundamentally alter the global flow of cash and tenets of monetary policy, and banks will likely lose some control and influence, but will certainly still be a critical component of our financial infrastructure and are likely to be the primary adopters of crypto fintech.
@_date: 2017-10-27 12:14:43
The "cosigner" institution has most of the same responsibilities as a typical bank, including compliance with local law and picking up the tab in default, and needs to extract enough value from the transaction for it to be worth providing that.
This falls very much in line with the "blockchain not Bitcoin" angle banks have been taking, and perhaps does constitute a significant transformation in the way they operate, but they still remain a critical party.
It's a good project though, particularly in SA.
@_date: 2017-10-26 17:25:59
Someone must pool the assets of many individuals, assess risks, issue debts, collect interest, and deal with the consequences of default.
Crypto can help, for example by playing a role in creating a basis of trustworthiness outside the credit bureaus (which are widely despised), verifying the identity of the borrower to combat fraud, and could even act as the medium of exchange (if the value was more stable!), and a number of other things that could make the process more efficient. But there can be no procedural and automatic recourse for failure to repay, it simply isn't possible to write a smart contract to repossess a house, evict the occupants, and liquidate the asset.
@_date: 2015-11-20 19:28:17
Only residents of [these states]( are eligible. No Virginia :(
Source: 
@_date: 2017-07-25 23:34:38
After the hard fork, you can access your BCC by getting a BCC wallet and loading your private key from your secret 12 word seed. What I do not yet understand is the risk of replay attacks after the fork, and if there are any precautions we can take to mitigate them.
