@_author: siskito1
@_date: 2017-04-10 23:12:50
BTC-paypal-bank. Also, make sure to find the best trading rate.
Currently: 
- [Bitfinex]( is $1210
- while [Xtrade China]( - $1450. 
@_date: 2017-04-10 16:28:03
I used to believe that too, hell, up until about a week ago. So I know you aren't an idiot. At a very superficial level, UASF looks a bit like a Sybil attack. Now if you spend any time over at you're going to hear a lot of people claiming that. Because it's a convenient weapon against the idea. And there you go - belief without understanding.
But it's not even close to a Sybil. People use the phrase "economic majority" to describe a UASF because that's entirely accurate. Only nodes that relay a lot of transactions have much of an effect. It's not trivial to fake. Exchanges, wallet provides, and miners will have the largest influence (miners are full nodes as well). That's reason one why it's not a Sybil - because it's distributed consensus, not a botnet.
Not so long ago full nodes and miners were one and the same. Since that task has split apart into two groups, with the advent of purpose-built mining ASICs, some of the job of securing the network went with the miners, and some of it stayed with the nodes. It is the job of nodes to decide on the details of the bitcoin protocol, and to enforce that decision. A UASF is nodes doing what they are supposed to do.
Reason two is that it's got nothing to do with vote counts. There are no vote counts being rigged. UASF is a boycott against miners who aren't signalling for SegWit. I hope you would agree that boycotts and rigged elections are two very different things.
@_date: 2017-04-11 13:06:32
Because the $ price at Xtrade depends from the yuan-to-dollar rate.
@_date: 2017-04-10 16:22:42
If you mean that signalling BIP148 needs to be a supermajority then you appear to be incorrect as the node level fork happens on August 1st regardless of majority or not. Nodes don't even have a way to measure node level BIP support which is why there is a fixed date. It obviously doesn't require that miners signal majority support since the entire point is to fork the majority of users away from the majority of miners and hope everything sorts itself out for the better.
If by "UASF are a super majority" you mean that the super majority will get to experience what happens after a UASF then you are correct as the consequences for good or bad will be universal on August 1st.
Lastly, after researching this a bit, the OTHER thing I object to is signalling a proposal that I don't actually have functioning software for. Signalling for BIP148 when the code doesn't even exist seems to be against the principle behind the BIP flagging system if not straight up immoral.
@_date: 2017-04-10 16:22:22
LBC is a way to get bitcoins with cash, no paperwork or documentation required.
Reddit has shown via admin action / inaction on various occasions that they comply quietly and sometimes enthusiastically to both law enforcement demands and advertiser pressures, which I'm guessing sometimes come through to them via 'non-official' channels (Someone at the FBI has a Reddit admin's cell 
Recent example of this, 'bash the fash' comments from anarchists being removed by admins - not mods - while right-wing comments suggesting certain leftists be shot and right-wing subs that allow doxing continue to exist.
Reddit is a profit-driven corporation like any other. As such they will protect their profit streams and eventually bow to advertiser and agency pressures. This isn't a conspiracy theory, it's just how a company behaves. Not saying that it's OK, just saying that the answer to why LBC links disappear seems fairly obvious.
