@_author: sispatula
@_date: 2014-03-28 02:27:29
You come off as an educated person. Maybe you're right. You make some great points, and yes it's very practical and realistic to approach the migration to digital currency in this way. There is another way though. It may be harder, slower, and require a bit more sacrifice on the part of the users, but in the end we could end up with some real economic resiliency as an added benefit. Maybe it's just a fantasy.
I am not arguing against exchanges, actually, but exchanges do need to be better than they are, I think we all agree about that (except maybe the people running the exchanges). Here is what I think I want. I would very much like to use Bitcoin like I would a foreign currency when traveling to another country. While you're there, you buy some of the local money, once or twice as needed and use it for your purchases. You can buy it from someone you know and trust, or maybe your hotel can recommend a guy, or you can withdraw it right from any ATM and pay a reasonable exchange fee. In a lot of countries I visit, you don't even need to use the local currency! You can bring those greenbacks and a lot of places will accept that as payment. The money used for purchases in country then goes on to be recirculated within that country's economy, and I can go back to my life at home paying my taxes and receiving a paycheck in my own currency. Alternatively, I could stay a little longer, and maybe even get a part time job in that country. Now imagine that country is someday the entire internet.
I don't know, maybe I am crazy or stupid or naive to think this would be better. Maybe it's unrealistic to think this "internet vacation money" idea would be some sort of economic utopia. It's fun imagining it though.
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:57:19
Am I the only person who signed up for instant transfers!?
@_date: 2014-03-27 19:46:45
But you CAN (theoretically) create an economy almost entirely separate from another economy. The closer we can  get to that, the more viable our currency will actually be. You're making excuses.
@_date: 2014-01-30 20:01:04
Congratulations to Wooo
@_date: 2014-04-05 00:17:16
Or maybe it's because they are techno-literate and have graphics cards?