@_author: sisyphism
@_date: 2013-12-22 08:55:44
The single false belief I wish to overturn can be summarized as this:
'If holding a specific value for a preference is subjectively *possible*,
then the existence of a human holding that specific value is objectively *probable*'.
If you wish to use a subjective theory of value, then you cannot claim to measure or know the value of the preference of any other human, unless A) that human is yourself, or B) that human has performed an action to explicitly demonstrate their preferences *as an individual*.
If you wish to use a subjective theory of value, It is not possible for you to objectively assert there exists *any* quantity of people who will value performing action X over action Y in the future, for any pair of actions where either X or Y has never occurred.
If you wish to use a subjective theory of value, then there is no objective value for any preference which allows you to describe individuals as "irrational" or "crazy" for deviating from. You are left with discussing motives and actions in terms of axiomatically rational individuals.
If you wish to use a subjective theory of value, then you cannot start with an assumption that Hitler or suicide bombers are irrational or crazy, but instead must start with the assumption that they were engaged in the rational maximization of their subjective preferences, even if those subjective preferences are "bad" and ones which we subjectively prefer had been minimized.
Now, if we were to examine suicide bombers and Hitler as you have done, but were to instead start with the assumption that they are not crazy and irrational, but instead engaged in the rational maximization of their subjective preferences, subjective preferences which we would have preferred them to instead minimize, then: 


Based on stated intentions and observable actions, historical suicide bombers and terrorists prefer to kill non-believers or enemies who oppose their sect, and prefer *not* to kill believers and allies who support their sect. We therefore have an expectation that such suicide bombers would *not* prefer to press a button burning down the world over pressing a button blowing themselves up, because by choosing the first option they would *also* be killing believers and allies of their own faith, and failing to maximize their preferences.


Based on published information and his last will and testament, Hitler seemed to believe his actions were helping to create a stronger future human race and that after his death people would remember him in a positive light for fighting what he viewed as "international jewry" and financial interests which subvert the means of production. We therefore have an expectation that a person such as Hitler would *not* prefer to press a button burning down the world over pulling a trigger to kill himself, because by choosing the first option to burning down the world, he would be weakening the human race, preventing people from remembering what he viewed as his legacy, and failing to maximize his preferences.
In order for you to construct a meaningful analysis, you must clarify whether you mean to include or exclude the subjective theory of value as a valid premise, otherwise your premises will fail to be non-contradictory, and you will have failed to state an actual conjecture.
@_date: 2013-11-27 05:01:53
While a metaphor can be used to describe an empirical model of a complex system, and an empirical model can be used to predict the future behavior of a complex system, a metaphor by itself is not a model and cannot be used to predict the future behavior of a complex system.
The notion that we can sit around and make deterministic statements about the future using only analogies is ridiculous.
@_date: 2013-12-16 10:32:48
This gets you 0% closer to an making an empirically verifiable statement. Again, the only time a nuclear weapon has been detonated [as an aggressive action] was by the authority of President Harry Truman, acting as commander in chief of the armed forces.
@_date: 2013-05-17 01:29:51
Regulation is the primary means by which those with money exert power. The idea of regulating those doing the regulating is a recursive appeal to a higher executive authority which doesn't exist. There are alternatives to regulatory law, such as contract law or common law, which could be used to organize such societies.
@_date: 2013-03-27 19:13:40
Getting USD out of Bitfloor and back into mtgox will take multiple business days, during which time your trading funds are being held in USD instead of BTC. If USD continues to depreciate against BTC during this time, you could actually be loosing money compared to if you had just held BTC without trading.
@_date: 2013-05-17 01:39:44
"Regulatory law" usually means law promulgated by an executive branch agency under a delegation from a legislature.
Delegated legislation (also referred to as secondary legislation or subordinate legislation or subsidiary legislation) is law made by an executive authority under powers given to them by primary legislation in order to implement and administer the requirements of that primary legislation. It is law made by a person or body other than the legislature but with the legislature's authority.
@_date: 2013-12-16 10:41:47
There was a coup in a nuclear state involving the sacking and removal from office of intelligence and defense ministers opposing popular sentiment. It certainly qualified as a power struggle where individuals lost power, and your claim up until now has been that a large number of these individuals should be suicidal, irrational, and willing to destroy the world.
You can keep moving the goalposts, but it brings you no closer to make an empirical assertion. Furthermore, if you are actually an anarchist, I'm not sure why you are trying to convince people that the statists will never give up and try to blow up the world if they are opposed, if you actually want people to oppose them.
@_date: 2013-12-16 03:42:37
When the communist party of the soviet union regained control of the state temporarily during the August 1991 coup, with the support of the minister of defense and the KGB, why did they not decide to detonate a nuclear weapon before the coup was dissolved by the public?
@_date: 2013-12-22 09:08:38


The claim Market-Anarchist made was not concerning about an ambiguous abstraction such as the "state", but concerning hegemonic individuals capable of performing human actions described as "irrational" or "crazy". The view that all human action is *not* an axiomatically rational maximization of subjective preferences, but can instead be considered a deviation from an objectively correct value of preferences, is a contradiction with the premise of the subjective theory of value, a premise which Market-Anarchist used to justify his conjecture that many such individuals exist. The false belief I wish to overturn can be summarized as the following:
'If holding a specific value for a preference is subjectively possible, then the existence of a human holding that specific value is objectively probable'.
@_date: 2013-12-16 10:27:35


You should try actually reading "Human Action" by Mises. He references the maximization of preferential utility repeatedly. Mises of course disputes that we can objectively aggregate metrics of utility for an entire society, as so do many others, including myself.


By Mises, the subjective theory of value is axiomatic and strictly speaking not something which can be "proven" to be true.


It's actually a core component of rational choice theory and modern economics. Your logic will actually be attacking the Austrian School moreso than other schools in some regards.


Rational choice theory still assumes value is subjectively encoded as preferences. A Rational agent is defined to always to maximize their preferences, and seek to act in a way which allows them to acquire more of what they perceive to be positive goods. In does not assert that everyone shares a common set of objective preferences for what is considered a good.


Mises and Praxeology sidestep the problem completely through use of the"action axiom", where he assumes that any action performed by a human is axiomatically considered good by that human, and therefore something positive that their ego is rationally maximizing: 
Other non-Austrian schools of economics actually take your view, that we can discuss irrationality, which is why they introduce the term "bounded rationality".


When you went beyond definitions and possibilities to make a claim about *existence*, the burden of proof is on you to demonstrate not only can such a person be axiomatically constructed from a set of convenient definitions (of which one can construct an infinite number), but that you have also observed such a person to exist in nature.
You must provide empirical evidence to prove that out of the population of world hegemons, a large proportion of the population is not only willing to commit suicide, but is also willing to destroy the world. If you are not able to come up with a method to observe the prefences of these hegemon through human action, and you do not have a mind reading device to measure their preferences prior to the performance of an action, then you have constructed a theory which is untestable.


I would point out that I'm not actually in a microeconomics class, but hopefully you've realized that your emotional intuition cannot be used as a valid source of information when assessing the confidence of theories by now. Please try to examine more primary sources.
@_date: 2013-12-15 23:53:24


Is this statement in anyway testable or verifiable, or is it a purely axiomatic assertion?
Why have no political office holders in the United States, Russia, United Kingdom, France, China, India, or Pakistan decided to start a nuclear war after loosing an election?
@_date: 2013-12-16 00:41:24
What is your unit of observation or measure?
@_date: 2013-12-16 03:41:50
The word "History" is not a specific unit of measure or a quantifiable observable event.  It is a period of time in which events or measurements can occur. It is necessary for you to first define what constitutes an observation, before we can determine whether such an event has occurred in history, and appeal to it.
My interpretation of an observable event signalling someone's intention to "burn the world down" in a modern context would be the aggressive and intentional detonation a nuclear weapon with prior knowledge of its destructive capabilities. The only aggressive detonation of a nuclear weapon in history was during the invasion of Japan, and Harry Truman signed off on the order without any imminent loss of control by either himself or the United States. There are zero observable instances of the detonation of nuclear weapon out of spite by megalomaniac individuals during a loss of power, despite many individuals in the modern era holding the power to initiate a nuclear attack.
@_date: 2013-12-16 05:39:10
I interpreted the following statement as expressing a claim of greater than 0% certainty:


If you did not intend for it to, then I will change my stated intention from the promotion of skepticism of claims of inner knowledge, to the promotion of increasing the standards of semantic precision in the English language.


If you wish to use an abstract cognitive model to predict the behavior of men in positions of power, why not use an existing theory which has exhibited some explanatory success, such as Rational Choice theory, as your null hypothesis. If the utility the hegemon gains from "going to extreme lengths" diminishes with an increasing number of extreme-lengths travelled (extreme-distance), then after a certain extreme distance they will no longer choose to travel further, and instead pursue a different course of action which nets them more utility... perhaps having a strong drink or eating some crisps.
[ Additionally, if we preferred to use a less cognitive model of human action, we could perhaps use natural selection as a counter hypothesis. The phrase "Burn down the world" seems to imply the intentional destruction of one's own genetic and memetic relatives ... a counter-evolutionary strategy which we would predict history to select against ]
@_date: 2013-12-16 08:02:01
Rational Choice theory uses an assumption of "bounded rationality" rather than perfect rationality, which its proponents argue is good enough when the sample set is large enough (the historical pool of hegemons is quite large).
Microeconomics is not yet empirical enough for me to endorse such a theory, but my degree of confidence in its correctness is still markedly hire than the evidence and explanation free hegemon specific theory you have proposed, which I have 0% confidence in, so I am wondering why you did not select Rational Choice theory as a null hypothesis.
But since, as I stated, my confidence in the validity of microeconomic analysis is less than perfect, I had appended natural selection as an additional counter hypothesis in my previous post, which does not make any assumptions concerning the ability of humans to make conscious, rational decisions.
@_date: 2013-03-27 15:11:32


So it seems like you are proposing the analogy
    BTC : stock :: Bitcoin : corporation
is preferable to
    BTC : money :: Bitcoin : central &amp; commercial banks
I'm not sure if it's a better analogy yet, but it's something to think about.
For me, the big picture is that Bitcoin has solved the principal agent problem for monetary creation and simple transactions by removing humans and asynchronous information from these tasks. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 04:09:54
To promote skepticism of individuals who claim the ability to know the psychological motivations, preferences, and likely future behavior of others without evidence.