@_author: six--pack
@_date: 2015-08-10 16:26:09
There are two basic types of transaction:
* Direct person to person (can optional be notarized)
* Escrow person to person (must always be notarized) 
Notarization is simply a process where a user who is advertizing notary services has some degree of visibility over a transaction (very similar to OpenBazaar). 
Where we differ from OpenBazaar is by allowing any party to a notarized transaction (buyer and seller) to leave feedback on the counter-party that is then PGP signed by a notary. Over time both buyers and sellers amass notarized feedback from potentially multiple notaries which can be shown to other users. Other users can choose to trust or not trust a given notary. We need to come up with some way of capturing user sentiment with regard to notaries becasue there are no restrictions over who can be a notary. Notary selection will be provided by the broker that a buyer is connected to unless they have chosen a specific notary.
Our thinking was that if you know and trust a seller you may enter a non-notarized transaction, primarily to maintain privacy but also to save perhaps 0.5% fee. For all other transactions you would choose notarized if nothing else so that you could leave feedback. In full escrow transactions the notary (who is a user) acts as the 3rd party in a 2/3 multisig although we are looking to make the process almost fully automatic in that only disputed notarized transactions would require any action on the part of the notary. To deal with dispute management needs a new class of user (Arbitration) - originally we were going to combine this function with that of the notary but now we believe we will need dedicated arbitration users out there (again much like in OpenBazaar).
@_date: 2015-08-10 23:43:32
Hi, well notarized feedback more precisely. The feedback comes from the transaction parties rather than the notary. 
- Buyer leaves feedback for seller as part of transaction sequence (signed by notary)
- Seller leaves feedback for buyer as part of transaction sequence (signed by notary)
Both buyer and seller now have a signed 'certificates' of feedback that they can present to other users (anonymized as necessary). In addition to these individually notarized items of feedback a notary will be expected to keep a running total of average rating and transaction count for any user it has notarized. 
This feedback summary must always be available but can be provided to other users from any source (becasue it is signed by the notary).
Users will end up with feedback average signed certificates from multiple notaries which will be made available ot other users for inspection.
So the question comes down to how much does a user, who wishes to measure reputation of other users, trust the notaries that have provided the feedback certificates he is being presented with? 
This is where a web of trust mechanism for the notaries is required. Clients will have to attach trust weightings to various notaries and this affect how they interpret feedback certificates presented by sellers or buyers. We have strong identity and messaging mechanisms in place already so we have the raw tools we need to enable the web, whatever it may be. 
With identity and communication in place, we can experiment to see what works best. I suspect it will be a combination of mechanisms - some technical, some social.
I've read the paper you reference a few times in the past and it goes through some good analysis of the problem which is, as you say, a hard problem.
@_date: 2015-08-10 11:28:15
I have used it many times. But I am one of the primary developers so it is to be expected. As you will see from the user directory if you log in to the online demo, there are not too many testers - less than 10 all in.
As we head towards release 0.1 in the next week or two we will enable direct transaction support (using a stealth address variant)
0.2 will bring in notaries and 2/3 multi-sig based escrow and is around 4-6 weeks behind release 0.1.
 We have worked hard to make this a solid platform.
@_date: 2015-08-10 16:51:26
Not implemented...maybe version 2 or 3...
@_date: 2015-08-10 16:51:15
See above - identity is derived from and pinned to PGP key
@_date: 2015-08-10 16:56:20
I've replied above a little on reputation. I agree completely, it is essential and I think we have a good way forward which feels very familar to buyers and sellers alike - rate the transaction 1-5 (or similar then get the notary to sign the feedback as it is the only part except buyer and seller with any visibility of the order/transaction.
The public code is all on Github and we woud love to have somebody who knows CSS/HTML and such things to spruce the Axis Mundi interface up.
@_date: 2015-08-10 12:04:28
Built from scratch. We have experience with the Openbazaar code but decided to go back to basics and design something with the main focus on security.
Would love a decent frontend guy to get involved and make our interface beautiful though.
