@_author: sizzlefriz
@_date: 2014-04-28 09:06:09


Nope, it really, really, really isn't. *sigh* Why is it that so many people who criticize anarchism imagine that there is a reset button or time machine lying around that would make "restarting the game" even remotely possible, much less the goal of anarchism? That is clearly not what anarchism is about. Do you imagine that the internet and all forms of technology would just cease to exist somehow or that an anarchist society wouldn't make use of them? That is just plain silly. Act like a philosopher for a moment and take the idea seriously. Try thinking like an adult about what an anarchist society might actually be like instead of daydreaming about it like a 12 year old. Want to imagine what anarchism would look like? Let's look at buying a candy bar. You voluntarily exchange money for it and the business voluntarily exchanges it for money. Boom. Anarchism. No reset button involved. What a crazy idea!!!


so your gripe is with anarcho-primitivism, not anarchism in general. Okay, well, I advise you to learn something about the subject that you wish to criticize before attempting to criticize it, and by "learn something about" I mean, read actual anarchist philosophy and theory. You also mention evolution (a lot) as if it has something to do with the necessity or legitimacy of the state. Biological evolution has nothing to do with the functions of the state in any way. To suggest that we evolved to be governed beings is simply ridiculous. 
Technological innovation is not a result of state action, nor does it come from the state. Scientific progress in general has nothing to do with the state either. All of the great and wonderful technological advancements that we enjoy right now have nothing to do with the existence of the state. Oh wait, I may have been a little hasty. The state has advanced some areas of science, like how to build more efficient death machines. No, you're right. I mean, how primitive would our world be right now if we didn't have so many hi-tech murder machines at our disposal? Probably sooooooo primitive. 
Oh and temper-tantrum? You think calling for any real change or action in response to overwhelming state force and oppression is akin to throwing a temper-tantrum? lol you're adorable.


I think you are confusing 'decentralized' with 'separate and disconnected'. Have you been paying attention to the "strong" centralized governments or the UN at all? The federal government in the US has proven to be completely incompetent when it comes to addressing nationwide issues, which is why anarchism is even a topic of conversation here. Global issues have proven to be too much for numerous centralized governments to take on as well. So why even allow individual countries to exist? Shouldn't we all be one people with one country that has one centralized government which has a monopoly of power over everyone on the planet? I mean, why can't a committee of world leaders just make general laws that apply to anyone anywhere and force them to abide by those laws, regardless of their subjective context or personal opinions? Wouldn't their opinions on that not actually matter, seeing as forcing people to live a certain way is the just and evolved thing to do? Might makes right, right? Please. 


What? The human condition is greatly affected and partially determined by the system, but not in a good way. Living within the confines of the system means being subjected to coercive force, which people internalize and use on each other. The system promotes the use of coercive, violent force every time it acts.
So anyway, you contrive the solution to dealing with the human condition to be--give a group of *humans* and their *human* appointees/constituents (who are not subject to any measures of accountability outside of public opinion) a complete monopoly on the use of force? Great idea, Einstein. Yeah, lets have car repairmen, landlords, and surgeons sign legally binding contracts, but lets NOT have the people making the most important decisions in the country do the same. Yeah, let's just have them take an oath or whatever, because taking oaths is the best way to ensure that the problems of the human condition never interfere with the "pure intentions" that drive official policy decisions. The human condition shows how problematic the created system is, not the other way around.
*Believing* that it is okay to force other humans to live the way you *believe* they should live, is the real problem. *Believing* that it is moral or civil for a gang to violently oppress other human beings by throwing them into cages or take the fruits of their labor, simply because they had a small quantity of a specific kind of green plant in their pocket, is the real problem. *Believing* that it is okay for you or anyone else to force me or anyone else to hand over the fruits of our labor without our consent to pay for some shit that we didn't voluntarily agree to pay for, is the real problem. That is, unless the tendency to act according to this kind of barbaric, oppressive, despicable mentality is what you meant by the "human condition". If so, then I would agree with you. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 15:19:29


Well if said groups get a bit too large, then initiating a boycott of their services (using dollar votes to consciously reduce demand) would curtail their ability to profit or grow too large. This is always a viable consumer driven market solution to the threat of burgeoning concentrations of consolidated power in the private sector.
@_date: 2014-05-08 10:02:35
so how would an anarchist neighborhood deal with a police force? How do "bad" neighborhoods deal with the police? By showing them they are not wanted, whatever that entails. Having armed/trained "guards" is an option, Making it a more difficult and risky target. Losing one or two guys would be a huge blow to a gang of five people. Or if they weren't insane, they might simply join the neighborhood depending the people, organization, their willingness to accommodate strangers.
@_date: 2014-04-27 01:05:53
american ghettos are full of government activity (welfare, public transportation, public "education", police aggression against certain communities or outright racist oppression of minorities), also your confusing the warlord-ruled government of somalia with not having a government, because you seem to think that government only operates in beneficial ways. 
And in US ghettos, many neighborhoods rely on gangs (warlords) to deter would be oppressors from brutalizing members of their families/community or to deter corporations from purchasing their homes from the bank and turning their community into so strip mall. 
Also, im guessing you didnt know how brutal and horrifying the situation in somalia was under their former government's "protection". Even in somalia's current situation, with the warlords and piracy, it is statistically far less violent than it was before, especially with regard to infant and adolescent mortality rates. Anarchism wasnt going to automatically change a 3rd world doom-zone into a 1st world utopia, but it certainly improved the situation relative to how it was before.
Also, if the government exists to protect the population from bad people, i.e. psychos or hyper-animalistic people that crave power, then why would they create a job that only those kinds of people would want to get? where do you think they would want to work, a diner? no, they would seek to do harm according to whatever their deficiency of mind/character demands of them, and the best way to do harm and continue doing harm, is by get a job with the institution that has a monopoly on legal use of force. it's a no brainer for them. by granting the government a monopoly on the use of force for public safety from bad people, you are simultaneously creating the largest threat to our public safety because becoming an agent of the government then becomes the most attractive possible career path for a socio/psychopath to consider.
@_date: 2014-05-01 20:47:10
it only becomes a the state if it has the singular authority to use force over everyone else. in the situation that you describe, their role is not predicated by the existence of the state. The idea that "their only incentive" for working would be pay, which may or may not even exist in that society depending on how they choose to organize it (because anarchism = without rulers, not without rules) , implies that they don't know or have a personal vested interest in protecting, anyone in their group, which seems implausible. no family or friends? just mercenaries? even so, as long as it is a voluntary decision, then they can keep a full time militia. Also, why wouldnt this group of "bandits" simply email somebody from that town and be like, "hey, do you have any extra stuff we could have? we have nothing over here." 
@_date: 2014-04-26 11:01:10
Maybe that's what you would do. So everyone would forget their personal goals, aspirations, favorite activities, social preferences, and sense of community without a government? How did we manage to forge this great thing called government if we were actually like that? Seems a little dramatic.
@_date: 2014-05-25 06:34:09
How so? I tend to think humans inherently look for intersubjective relationships, not submissive/dominant ones--at least not by nature. Establishing structured hierarchies in voluntary organizations is not necessarily bad and i cannot say for certain it is not how humans organize (by order of mastery, experience, and merit) so long as it remains voluntary. To force a hierarchy however, does not seem to be an inherently human tendency. 
Could you specify what you mean by inherent? And what makes hierarchy inherent to humankind?
@_date: 2014-05-13 04:02:38


Ah, Spinoza, finally we see some agreement. If you agree with Spinoza than you essentially agree with anarchism. His "state" was not similar to some violent large scale empire like the US, in fact, it was establishing the self-conscious state of one and his neighbors in proximity, i.e. local population/local "state". Spinoza's "state" authority is more like "national" sovereignty in this sense, and so does not resemble the state authority which anarchism seeks to exist apart from. Nice, semantics were largely to blame for our misunderstanding, you were right (unless we disagree further in some other way). The fact that you reference how you use the word makes me glad, because now I am getting a better, less critical sense of what you mean by the social contract via connecting your version of the state with Spinoza's (I still hold that it should be called the social obligation, though this discussion has taken a philosophical turn which makes semantics now a tertiary concern to me unless we run into the problem again).


The ratification of a law by the state or by majority rule does not make that law morally correct, unless you are a moral subjectivist that trends toward being in nationalistic accord. A majority of people can agree that everyone must wear yellow hats on tuesdays or face criminal charges, but that does not make it morally wrong to wear a red hat instead, nor does it make the act of wearing a yellow hat on that day morally right. Legal action does not equal moral action, just as illegal action does not equal immoral action. The number of people who believe in something has nothing to do with how moral it is.




agreed, though we probably disagree on how the tool is used, why it is used, and the proposed benefit of use that it provides society. You mentioned Spinoza's state, which the US state cannot be explicitly equated to, so whatevs.


Because there would be more people alive/not incarcerated than there are right now. Politicians sending our people into harms way to wage an unjust war, killing hundreds of thousands of foreign civilians while turning their country into a radioactive wasteland (and im not even talking about japan), state/local/federal police brutalizing peaceful protesters or throwing people into cages for owning a certain plant or small amounts of it--The absence of these aforementioned misuses of power would certainly make the world a better, more apparently reasonable place. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 15:33:52
Frame it that way? Is being thrown in jail not an example of force? How about when a group of people take a certain percentage of the content of your wallet without your consent? One mechanism for encouraging pro-social behavior is by making it necessary for people produce something/do labor in order to acquire food and anything else. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 07:45:07
Well, who says people can't give stuff away or trade services? most charitable and emergency relief organizations are operated privately. Even if charity ceased to exist, it's not like the price or supply of food would be regulated, so all the food (and associated labor) that we would dump or send to other countries (for soldiers or humanitarian purposes) would be available domestically. 


Do you think the State is shoving "the necessities of life" into people's hands and mouths right now? Do you think that the State would keep a person less hungry with handouts than an employer would by paying them a salary?


How is not giving someone food using force against them? Who is forcing them not to eat food or keeping it out of their reach? Who is forcing them to not act in their best interest? 
Earlier you said that using force was necessary in order to "encourage prosocial and discourage antisocial behavior" (which having a common exchange value does, but without using force). Using force to keep people productive in society was your idea, not mine, yet now you say it is bad. Someone denying someone else services or goods does not even involve using violent force against them, yet you would prefer using real physical force against the one who is actually productive in society? And you'd do so as a way of encouraging prosocial behavior? Your sentiments seem a little contradictory.
@_date: 2014-05-08 14:44:55
The actual world offers voluntary choices all the time. People live and act primarily in an anarchistic way every single day. The "Real World" is a social construct that proposes that the status quo existence is the only kind of existence that can be had. The claim that the "Real World" is based on pragmatism and not idealism is baseless, and adds nothing to your argument, or rather, it does not establish credibility for your apperceptions regarding the nature of anarchism or what it leads to.


By the Gods, *no*. No, each little voluntary agreement  is not a government. Collaborating with or agreeing to help fellow members of your community defend it *does not a government make*. Agreeing to "watch someone else's back" (e.g. agreeing to try to aid a person achieve their goal of not being murdered) whether it pertains to just two people or to greater society, does not establish a monopoly on the use of *state authorized* force--not even a little bit. 


First of all, disagreeing with a person does not necessarily result in being socially pressured to do the opposite. It depends on the arguments made, not the title of the person arguing. Also, dealing with social pressure is not the same as dealing with violent, state authorized coercion. The act of criticizing others is not oppressive at all, it is merely an attempt to inform. 
I guess it is power in the sense that the "garbage boss" could reference their title as a way of trying to influence people within the trash collecting system, in virtue of their existential or empirical knowledge and the respect their level of mastery earns them, but it is not the kind of power that can kill you or have you thrown into a cage. Communal peer pressure or suggestion is not the kind of power that Anarchists primarily concern themselves with trying to abolish, just as they are not concerned with the power a baby evokes and uses on its mother when it cries or the power a person exerts on their friend when that friend is acting foolish by saying to him: "Hey man, don't be such a shithead." That kind of power isn't monopolized either, so it seems rather irrelevant to anarchism.


And how is it so easy for this criminal pro-gunfight guy going to round up allies? Who would agree to do that? Here's how that might play out: He talks to some groups of people or individual acquaintances from his local area about joining him in becoming professional malefactors (bandits, kidnappers, murderers, etc.) and they greet him and his ideas with respect and also solemnly commit to refrain from informing anyone anywhere (most importantly the potential victims) about his plan to form the group that uses violence on innocent townsfolk. *Obviously*, it doesn't take much mental effort to convince people to become region-specific outlaws/warlords (because apparently this society is also made up entirely of 10 year olds strung out on sugar and perpetually drunk fraternity bros). 
"Oh, you mean you need help robbing yonder community, setting up an extortion racket, and then eventually become feudal warlords who are constantly at war, ya know, just cuz no one is technically 'authorized' by the State to stop you? Well, why didn't you say so, hombre! That sounds like no work at all, dawg. *Of course* I'd be willing to aid you in this overwhelmingly reasonable endeavor. YOLO, right broski? Yeah I'm up for some mortal combat lol--totally with you on that, brosef. Putting my life on the line like that, going up against multiple opponents in a deadly gunfight--that just sounds like such a universally appealing use of time. How could I say no? How could anyone, bro? I'll be free to use violence against those people once i finish shitting in public though, cuz why not? Who's gonna stop me jk lol anarchy swag. Human Reason dies with State authority ROFL." 
The idea that two tribes would form *in order to go to war with each other* is just silly. The number of reasonable, moral, and level-headed people *far* surpasses the number of psychopathic, violent, and aggressively unreasonable people within society. There is just no way of convincing people that they should be going to war constantly or that it is a good idea. In this situation, which still allows for full access to modern technology, would warmongering or the prospect of plunder be enough to convince people to invade some neighboring town? fuck no. Real people aren't characters in a poorly made Uwe Boll movie.
Also, you seem unwilling to recognize the difference between government and state, or at the very least misunderstand which one anarchism opposes. Anarchism opposes the *state authority* that necessitates the legality of having a monopoly on force within a society. It does not necessarily oppose coordination or having divisions of specialized labor. An Anarchy voluntarily governs itself, but does not use state authority to do so with impunity.
Please try to independently learn about anarchist philosophy instead of defensively arguing against what you believe it to be, because even after the numerous flaws in your hypothetical model of an anarchist society were pointed out, you've continued to try to rationalize those initial beliefs.
@_date: 2014-04-26 23:15:00
violence is integral to maintaining human civilization, not humanity.
@_date: 2014-05-20 20:51:37
I am not using an "anarchist's definition" at all, but whatever. Like i said, regardless of what you take the definition to be, *if you know what I mean*, which you should, seeing as I have explained exactly what I mean by the term "State" multiple times, then you would understand the anarchist position. 
Anarchism **does not** advocate for chaos/disorder, the end of governance, or the end of organized society--premises which most of your arguments against anarchism are based on. I have tried to clear up your misconceptions about anarchism, but you refuse to listen, opting instead to argue against what you believe anarchism to be, rather than argue against genuine anarchism. 
Want me to use a different definition for state seeing as you obviously can't hold two separate definitions for one word in your head? Sure--I'd be willing to, whatever it takes to get you over this excruciatingly simple mental hurdle. I'm sorry, this is just kinda frustrating. I can't understand why you refuse to understand what anarchism actually is. If you don't understand what anarchism is, then you can't effectively argue against it. I'm just trying to help you not sound ignorant, pal. I don't care if you go to every sub on reddit specifically to talk shit on anarchism as long as you aren't disingenuously misrepresenting it.
@_date: 2014-04-26 10:50:25


well put
@_date: 2014-05-14 21:50:46


LOL How do you put these three things together in one sentence? Libertarianism isn't for eliminating the constitution, it is for forcing the government to abide by all of the laws of the constitution when it attempts to use constitutional authority to act.


Worked for whom exactly? Do you think the justice system is just in all or most situations? Let me guess, you would say "well, it is only occasionally dysfunctional, but nothing is perfect", the same *faith* based non-argument espoused by every person that is ignorant of just how unjust the common law system can be to citizens in our society. 
And please, for the love of ~~God~~ State, stop ignoring the fact that anarchism doesn't call for the end of organization OR governance as long as both are voluntarily formed. If you are stating that the social contract is valid and voluntary (even though it isn't based on evidence of any kind) then you would have no reason to oppose anarchism, in fact you would promote it. The difference between you and an anarchist lies only in the fact that you believe our current State represents what an anarchist/precise thinker would call Nation, is acting with the "greater good" in mind, even though there is no evidence of this nor is there a REAL, NON-HYPOTHETICAL contract that ENSURES that the State can actually be governed by the *Nation*.




No, you just choose not to be precise in your terminology. Contrary to your view of argumentation, semantic meaning is very important, and choosing not to recognize the precise meanings of words (Like State, Government, Society, and Nation--or Ruler and Rule, these all have different meanings) when they are presented is the same as choosing not to recognize/understand/address my actual arguments. Choosing to reject the reduction of a Nation State to a Nation and a State is like refusing to distinguish one's brain/mind from one's foot. 
My point is, stop conflating Nation, State, and Government. They are not the same thing, and your inability to comprehend this is maddening. It is so simple. The Nation is the people, the Government is organization and coordination, the State is the AUTHORITY of the Nation (not the Nation itself). The State is national authority, WHICH THE NATION GIVES THE STATE, AND DOES NOT RETAIN. You, whether you admit it or not, are part of the fucking Nation, because you do not have the authority of the state. You, as part of the Nation, can elect new governments (which is fine in anarchy) but that is not an act of GOVERNING. At no point does a Nation have the power of the State, because it has already given the State its power, it merely elects who gets to have their formerly granted power in the future. 


So, you only see things like the other members of your tribe? How tragic.
see this link: 


The safety net being; to provide only enough money to buy soda pop and potato chips. 


True, we just ignore it and cause violent revolutions in foreign countries, so like, whatever works?


But, do you leave a knife (tool) in the room of a suicidal person?
@_date: 2014-04-28 12:53:58
Fear of reprisal is far greater when if they can't identify which people are dangerous. You see, the idea that there are a bunch of potential robbers and murderers out there is not really that accurate. That is your perception, not a fact. And the government has no legal obligation to protect any civilian or concern themselves with public safety. Put in a better way, they serve to enforce the laws of the state--there are no laws prohibiting a person from being murdered, there are laws against committing murder. It doesn't stop murders and police have no obligation to help you if someone is trying to murder you. That is just reality. So, why not defend yourself? Also, depending on the anarchist society's structure and organization, they might not have to pay them at all, or it could be a militia. This sounds like a city problem, not a rural/burbs problem.
@_date: 2014-04-26 23:37:57
so liberal ideology = "The State is my Shepherd"? hah
@_date: 2014-05-07 16:37:29
First of all, assuming that anarchism would be thrust upon people rather than chosen by the people is a mistake. Framing the rise of anarchism in this way is disingenuous. An anarchist society is not the same as a "post-apocalyptic" society. I think this is why there is so much disagreement--because some people are basing the feasibility of anarchism on this kind of contrived premise, i.e. the *magical disappearance of government* (which is nothing more than a group of people, not counting government workers, who would simply do the same exact jobs they were doing as government employees but with private-level compensation).


Without these essential public services and utilities, the rest of society will collapse by the next day. You can't run a factory without electricity. You can't stock a supermarket without transportation.
This just seems like the old "if government wasn't around to do it, it wouldn't get done" idea, which is baseless. But, what am i saying? This entire hypothetical situation is based on magic. In this hypothetical world of magic, I still think it would work out, because people would be too busy levitating shit and making potions to care about oppressing their neighbors.
@_date: 2014-05-01 21:06:32
I did in my other reply to you. Self-defense is not an act of aggression, therefore the anarchist society would defend itself in the way any society would if need be. And can i ask how this impossible situation could possibly represent anarchism in a legit way? why would it begin out of nowhere? why wouldnt people already be on board for anarchism at the start? the idea that people would have to be thrown into a system of anarchy by necessity, rather than choose to form one voluntarily and have a plan is just a silly assumption. that is not an accurate depiction of an anarchy, it is just Walking Dead minus the zombies
@_date: 2014-05-08 09:47:26
Is it not possible that learning so much about what people are really like would have a positive effect on everyone outside of the "legal evidence of wrongdoing" part of it?
@_date: 2014-05-08 06:03:42
He isn't calling you ignorant and stupid because you disagree with him. He is calling you ignorant and stupid because you fail to understand the basic definition of "free market" or the mechanisms that drive it (competition and voluntary exchange), and the effects of using state force to limit competition in a free market economy (which relies on competition to make dollar votes count and to loosen barriers to entry). He is calling you ignorant and stupid because you're conflating warlordism and the free market. He is calling you ignorant and stupid because you fail to recognize the fact that perpetual taxation is the same exact thing as serfdom when people don't think their taxes are being used responsibly. 


Who would have that? How is this what you think the free market is? How would all businesses gain the ability to use all resources in any way they'd like to regardless of cost? Also, the only organization in the US that operates in such a contrived way with regard to its use of resources is the state. People want the authority figures to do all these things and spend all this money, so they do. If taxes aren't cutting it, they simply borrow money from the bank/print more, which we then have to pay back. 
The modern liberal (*not* classical) world view is that the government should do more to fix society's problems, and therefore everyone in the country should be forced to fund the government, because they think that living in a community means being able to take the fruits of another person's labor and use them in a way that that person may not condone, especially if that person happens to have been successful. Why is it just for a group of people in New Jersey to demand that someone in Florida give up a portion of their wealth in order to fund some program or department involuntarily? How does the person in Florida have a civic duty to comply with the demands of the person from Jersey, and how can one appeal to moral action when taking choice out of the equation makes any related action amoral? How would increase the costs of living for citizens and reducing competition through regulation result in positive economic growth?
@_date: 2014-05-08 16:11:53
self governance is not an ideal. It is a natural condition that every adult human finds her/himself in a position of having to govern his/her own activities. 
The social contract is a lie, factually speaking. It is neither a contract nor a voluntary agreement. It assumes that humans, in a state of nature, are brutal and immoral. The social contract certainly is a belief and not particularly robust. It is the old Hobbesian/christian appeal to the necessity of relying on a kind of "higher power" for guidance which relies on zero non-religious justifications to back it up as a legit philosophical concept, making the government into a kind of immortal, static god, acting as a shepherd (morally/intellectually superior) to sheep (naturally immoral, yet reasonable citizenry). 
The social contract is fit for political science, but cannot stand up to philosophical analysis.
@_date: 2014-05-06 18:29:44
Hiring guards is a choice that can be made voluntarily, and binds the guards to a contract on a legal basis. You pay them for desired services that you can dictate and that they can agree to provide. If they agree to contractual terms and then breech those terms, they can be held accountable. Paying taxes is not a voluntary action. The taxpayer cannot dictate services and the payee is not obligated to act according to the taxpayer's individual wishes. The taxpayer *must* pay taxes and cannot stop paying them under threat of force. That is *not* voluntary, by definition. A healthy environment of voluntary exchange cannot be predicated on an environment of involuntary exchange. This requires only basic logic to understand and should be obvious.
In the united states, police are not legally obligated to "guard" anyone or anything specifically, but to enforce the laws of the state. There is no law that requires the gas station owner to not be murdered, just laws that prohibit the act of murdering and require murderers to be brought to justice. This distinction is important. Stopping a person from being murdered is not the job of the police, and thus they are not responsible for protecting a life, they are responsible only for capturing a life taker. The job of the police is not to protect *people*, nor is it the goal even though some police activities involve protecting people, rather the job of the police is to bring aggressors to justice.
If we are talking about voluntarily paying for protection, then it would seem that hiring people for that actual purpose would make the most sense. Being forced to pay people to provide protection, when providing protection is not even part of their job description, is not only counter-intuitive and counter-productive to one who is explicitly seeking protection, but also creates an environment that is the exact opposite of an environment of voluntary exchange.
Also, please be conscious of the difference between government and state, and the difference between anarchism and chaos. Anarchism = without "rulers", not without rules. Creating organization in society, including creating a military, can be voluntarily agreed upon. The "social contract" that our current state relies on is not a voluntary agreement, thus it is not valid.
@_date: 2014-05-07 15:21:16
Nope, Anarchy means "without rulers", it does *not* mean "without rules" or chaos/disorder or without organization. The authority of the state (having a monopoly on power) is what anarchism seeks to do away with, not structured government and not law. 
@_date: 2014-04-28 12:40:50




You seem to think that a parent who would let a child work for/with them would somehow be a mistreating them rather than thoughtfully providing insight (as if they'd be in a freakin sweatshop or some factory from the industrial revolution, even though "work" could be as simple as handing a parent a screw driver or learning how to use microsoft excel), yet you think that a parent who forces their child to be whisked off to child-jail for 7 hrs/day, is somehow primarily concerned with their child's prospects and safety? Gimme a break. 
Oh, and having a broad knowledge base isn't a human right and not choosing to focus on supplying one to someone is not a violation of a human right (luckily, children are question asking machines so gaining broad knowledge isn't exactly difficult) Furthermore, kids have the damn internet, which a child could use to find more broad knowledge  in an afternoon than he could if he spent a month in a classroom. Making them employable (or at least making sure that they have a fall back career in case "playwright" doesn't work out) is more important than making them superficially worldly. Do you think the shit heads who used to bully and throw bottles at the smart kids should be making 6 figures as tradesmen and have no debt while the smart kids remain unemployed and struggle with massive debt? The job market thinks so, because the parents of the shit heads didn't misinform their children about the nature of the job market. The parents of the smart kids however, probably told them they could be whatever they wanted to be, which doesn't exactly describe the job market accurately, but it does encourage the kids to want to study interesting things, like sociology. That's certainly interesting, but it is essentially useless without some other marketable skill. Anyway, provided that the child consented and the parent agreed, how is choosing to learn a *valuable* skill limiting long-term prospects for that child? Would you say that a physicist or doctor or electrical engineer is limiting their child's prospects if they taught them their skills and trained them safely and effectively?


A good example of damaging a child's long term prospects is encouraging them to pursue a degree in some crap field that they will be paying for until they are 65. 


Of course they are trying to make a profit off of the students, because if their get really good at passing standardized tests, the school gets more money from the state and federal government, not to mention the fact that building a high school football stadium prioritizing the funding of sports over anything else has nothing to do with education and everything to do with making money. When schools get money, they do not hire better teachers or encourage better teaching, they buy laptops and other shiny things that don't really aid students when it comes to learning.
This isn't about forcing kids to work. This is about allowing children to have some choice in the matter of their own life. learn important skills or go to child-jail? 
@_date: 2014-04-26 10:04:53
Is voluntary exchange an idealistic thing? I'm pretty sure 90% of everyone's day involves voluntary exchange. Do you force the gas station to sell you gas? Nope. The business values your money more than the gas, you value the gas more than your money. What a wild concept. I wonder if the owner knows that his business could only exist in theory. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 02:07:20
View? Position? No--**Definition**. The term "State" has a definition which has been agreed upon, and you choose to simply disregard it. If you can't bring yourself to acknowledge the definition of a word or at least *what I mean* when I use it, then you can't possibly understand my position. It's like I'm arguing with you through a foreign language translator, but you don't look at the translation. 
Like, if I said "Gracias means 'thanks' in Spanish", you'd respond "You are wrong. Gracias doesn't mean 'thanks' in English." 
@_date: 2014-05-12 13:58:37
leaders and rulers are not the same thing. please research this topic before making sweeping generalizations about it. thank you.
@_date: 2014-04-26 23:36:46
you dont have to say nature, because that necessitates a lot of qualification. just go with "human character" instead.
@_date: 2014-05-07 16:06:29


So what? Is this about *wants* or reality? No reasonable person wants to use violence for anything, but sometimes shit happens to reasonable people and they are confronted with a situation they can't get out of by simply stating "Oh, I'd rather not". Having the preference of not wanting to deal with responding to violence when it is directed towards you is not going to deter anyone from acting on survival instincts. 1-5 armed thugs vs 10-20 reasonable citizens that value their lives and/or the lives of their children/family/friends/neighbors/fellow citizens. Not *wanting* to deal with aggressors is not going make the reasonable citizens less effective than the thugs, because they still *need* to defend themselves. Also, I'd bet that potentially violent people would think twice about acting violently after seeing the entire community unite to thrash a group of violent militants. 


Why would the use of violent force be necessarily prevalent in a society comprised of armed, otherwise peaceful citizens? Why would the "culture" be akin to violent urban gang culture? Having the means and ability to defend oneself does not mean that one must have become acclimated to dealing with any high level of violence beforehand. An armed society would not operate like the Wild West simply because it expects people to be responsible for themselves and act in their own self-interest, e.g. self-defense in order to not die.
@_date: 2014-04-26 09:56:00
so basically, what you're saying is, the system is fine, humans aren't? well then shouldn't we make a system that better deals with humans? and how do you conflate nature and nurture? also, if human nature is the problem and not the system, then isn't that "advanced and elaborate thing" not idealistic? and just fyi, anarchism does not seek to create what you colloquially understand to be a utopian society.
@_date: 2014-04-27 00:08:44
And what if, by working (say, as an assistant or apprentice, not necessarily a full time worker) that child grows up with a valuable technical skill that helps her/him fair better in the job market? Also, the idea that going to government schools isn't work for children is ludicrous (7 hrs/day of having to sit still and be quiet during the most socially constructive time of their lives, learning basic, socially functional information that ends up being more or less irrelevant after being thrust into the real world of marketable skills, though i'd say math/science/language are marketable). Children hate school, but it is apparently okay for parents to leave them there all day. But it would be incorrect for parents to allow their children to work (possibly for the parents) and be with them all day? Seems like utter nonsense.
@_date: 2014-04-27 01:22:02
that isn't exactly human nature. i think so because it takes years of propaganda to make someone act that way. it takes propaganda and conditioning to ignore one's nature. or, maybe what you refer to is the natural instinct of self preservation in a situation in which the good person is outnumbered by bad people, and thus stays quiet? still, that would be a natural reaction to the presence of an unnaturally conditioned group of philosophical zombies
@_date: 2014-04-28 10:46:08
Socio/psychopaths, not just sociopaths. And there are many examples and social experiments that back that up, or if not, then the addictive nature of using wielding political power. Do a google search. The situation that the OP is confusing with anarchy is a poorly constructed hypothetical version of a poorly understood hypothetical situation. He thinks anarchism means "no technology, no communication, no rules, no money, no utilities, no logic, maybe zombies, etc", or that we'd suddenly get transported back to the stone age, or that there is a "turn off society" button, or something equally idiotic and misleading. It seems more likely that the point of the original post was to make silly statements and unfounded claims about anarchism by describing the problems of a strawman, thus proving that the OP was ignorant about the nature of the idea he is attempting to criticize. And I think I was pretty clear about the situation in somalia. They drastically reduced violence and substantially improved the health of their economy when the state fell. As a nation, they are far better off without a state wielding the power that comes with having a monopoly on force. You think that somalia is a good example of how anarchism would go in the US? That's certainly unsubstantiated by evidence, especially when considering the fact that the average adult spends like 90% of his or her time interacting with someone in society in a way involving voluntary exchange, voluntary association, and voluntary participation. That is pretty much all anarchism right there. Honestly, outside of the mail not being delivered, fear-mongering from sensationalist media personalities, and a slightly more pleasant average demeanor of your community, you probably wouldn't even notice the impact of the gov being gone for a week or two. They don't perform enough essential services to warrant a societal shutdown followed by a new age of warlordism.
@_date: 2014-05-08 05:41:07
I've been lurking and can't help but reply, my apologies.


Perhaps if more non-religiously motivated people had a higher sense of their "civic duty" and volunteered at food banks, you might not have had to endure proselytizers. I don't think your beef is with the religious volunteers or institutions that operate food banks, but with the secular folk who don't get involved enough to outnumber the proselytizers.


It is only about rationality, but tribalism surely involves belief, especially belief in tribally reenforced apperceptions. Your apperceptions regarding the nature of a free market are radically inaccurate, which leads to the dissonance. You are simply making statements based on your idea of the free market, but you are not giving any reasons why your idea is correct, i.e. you are not making actual arguments, just making statements. This is probably why you think that others "shouldn't have a choice" to perform what you believe their civic duty to be, because if you can't use force on someone to do something, you then have to convince them to do it. Convincing someone to do something requires argumentation, evidence, etc. The appeal to using coercive force by someone against someone else over negotiation or persuasion is the mark of a person who lacks the ability to make their reasoning intelligible, which means that that person probably does not fully understand what they promote or how it can be criticized/justified. 


Freedom to renounce their citizenship? why would they? To gain economic freedom, perhaps? And, "change the agreement"? It isn't an agreement. It isn't voluntary. There is no agreement.
And regarding the rest of this, it just seems like an appeal to political idealism. This "get someone elected to change it or get out, because the rules are fair" mentality is sophomoric. Getting things done in politics is simply not that simple, especially when opposed by a tyrannical majority of idealists who don't understand that a majority can be wrong about something or act tyrannically.
@_date: 2014-04-26 11:36:38


But, not everyone wants to spread the wealth, or not everyone wants a smaller cut of the pie for the sake of arbitrarily exerting force. Becoming a monopoly of force would mean hiring far more employees. Im sorry you don't want to hear that it isn't cost effective, but it isn't. Private security forces aren't a bunch of roided hummer drivers, they are employees, and they get paid handsomely. Offering a better pay means attracting better employees, better employees get better results. A smaller company means being able to turn good profits in a small area, without overextending yourself.
@_date: 2014-05-09 23:26:03


I didn't agree and my ancestors cannot decide for me, because they are dead and therefore not part of the current "we". Saying "we the people, voluntarily agreed on how we (you &amp; I) ought to govern ourselves" is deceptive because you're actually saying "we the people of some other time and in some other location, without considering you or how our decisions will affect your future conditions of life, more or less came to agree on how we think you and your 'we' (generation) should be governed". There was no agreement. We didn't agree on jack shit, it is just a fact that the current 'we' didn't. This is why i despise the social contract. It is basically just a bogus way of trying to rationalize our current state of political affairs and state oppression because its socially considered to be self imposed and continuously self imposing, which is interesting, because as long as people keep *believing* in the idea that the nation is solely responsible for all state actions via the social contract, they will keep *believing* that humans lack the good judgement to reasonably and ethically govern themselves, because they contrive to identify the inadequacies of state and government action with the inadequacies of human ethics, reason, and judgement. Even if it wasn't merely ridiculous and false it would still be a useless tautology. The social contract is a fucking joke, conflating the will of the state with that of the nation.


Really? Are you serious? Tell that to US Army soldiers that have or will become amputees thanks to the state sending them to war. Tell that to the families of the foreign civilians that our military kills as collateral damage. By all means, explain why both groups should just deal with whatever our governments decide to do. Explain to them that it would have been far worse overall if our government didn't have the monopoly on power it currently has. Please. Grow up.
@_date: 2014-05-11 22:37:13
By agreeing to use money as a means of exchange. One must produce something that can be exchanged for money. Agreeing to use money to represent real value in the economy makes it necessary for people to be acquire money, which people can only do by becoming producers in said economy. If they do not, they cannot acquire goods. 
Do you see anyone being forced in this situation? No one forces you to by food and eat it, unless you count the compulsion to eat as an example of your body coercing you into not dying of starvation. It comes down to a voluntary choice. Choose to eat by producing or choose to not eat by not producing. Forcing people to work is simply unnecessary since humans have an overwhelming incentive to eat food regularly. 
The something that is made necessary does not have to be forced on people if they agree on its necessity. It only appears necessary to use state force on incentivized producers to people who want the state to do more than it needs to. For example, if you want everyone to financially/physically support state action, like going war, but not everyone agrees with you that going to war is a good idea, then the only way to get their support is by applying force on them. And using force to "back up your will" is basically stating that you can't back up your will with facts or compelling reasons. 
Force does not back up your will, it only neglects and negates the will of other people. If your will cannot be backed up sufficiently by reason, then why should anyone be forced to go along with it? Using state force to make people do something implies that that something is not strictly necessary, even if doing said thing might by all accounts be beneficial in some way; e.g. If most people in a country decided that ice-cream should be free, and used the state to enforce that decision, it might be beneficial to most people in society (even if ice-cream producers were adequately compensated for their work in some way), but not explicitly necessary. Wanting something to be done and needing something to be done are two different things. You are conflating some action's necessity with the desired effect of performing said action. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 09:36:21
That stuff happens already and government isn't solving it either. That stuff happens regardless of the existence of a government.
@_date: 2014-05-01 14:25:24


The keyword here is "steer". They steer advancement, and because of the possibly destructive or valuable nature of these particular advancements, they also keep them confidential and away from the public. The funding is taxpayer based and the scientists working on the technology (especially new technology) are oftentimes contracted by the government or have their patents bought by the government. The fact that the government is heavily involved in technological advancement says nothing about the state of technological advancement in an anarchist society (which would have various forms of Statelessness and i'm sure, some non-anarchist forms, because anarchists would not force others to be anarchists if they actually wanted a State). Also, anarchism wouldn't necessarily have to be a grass-roots rebellion, as if it were marxism, as that could easily turn violent. Anarchism could just as well rise out of popular opinion. Being free to create different societal forms might be more beneficial to certain industries. Manufacturers could certainly create their own rules of trade that would serve their interests better than our current ones, but only time will tell.


you contrive the solution to dealing with the human condition to be--give a group of humans and their human appointees/constituents (who are not subject to any measures of accountability outside of public opinion) a complete monopoly on the use of force?
Believing that it is okay to force other humans to live the way you believe they should live, is the real problem.
Believing that it is okay for you or anyone else to force me or anyone else to hand over the fruits of our labor without our consent to pay for some shit that we didn't voluntarily agree to pay for, is the real problem.
Ah, but you are implying those things if you find the state to be necessary, because it has a monopoly on power. That should be simple enough to understand. I get that you are not "condoning the actions" of the state, but then what are you saying? "Anarchism couldn't work because we are a global society blah non-argument blah we just have to deal with the state, because humans have natural limits, but the state helps manage the things beyond human limits, even though it is made up entirely of humans, so it actually doesn't manage the things beyond our limits, so... Anarchism couldn't work." 


And the state, with a monopoly on power over the people, covers what the human condition cannot? We need to give a group of people all legal power in order to deal with this? no? Then you might consider anarchism as a solution. Society, *not* the state, is the realm in which humans organize themselves in a way to deal with the limits of the human condition. How can you justify the idea that the state is strictly necessary in order to deal with the human condition?


It takes one act of self defense, if one's aim is sharp, to end aggression. Acting in self defense is not aggression and need not lead to aggression. Also, you mention idealism, as if anarchism is an ideology. No, it isn't. It is a completely pragmatic, prudent, realistic form of human organization. It is based on the fact that humans have the ability, due to their condition, to use Reason. People are reasonable, *by nature*. Any claim implying or outright declaring that humanity is not reasonable is a purely idealistic one. The state, this thing that is never perfect but always "improving", is an ideal. It cannot be perfected and it can only be justified as an idea. In reality it never works. That is the essence of idealism. Assuming that people would rather enter into voluntary agreements rather than be forced into them involuntarily, however, is the furthest thing from idealism. The "real world" *you* refer to is based on idealism, which is why it always fails. The state is merely an idea. It isn't a bunch of buildings or laws or moral representatives. It is a bunch of people loosely connected by the word "state". 


Coming up with a hypothetical "scenario" that would never happen, then claiming that anarchism would similarly never happen, is using a strawman. Please, I implore you to read something about anarchism and what it actually means rather than looking at a dictionary definition or assuming the old anarchy=chaos, because if you think this illustrates an actual anarchist society, then you clearly do not understand it. Anarchism means "without rulers", without *rulers*, not without rules. Why argue against anarchism if you are not learned in anarchist theory or philosophy? Why assume (then argue based on that assumption) that this portrayal of anarchy is genuine when actual experts on the topic have stated throughout this comment section that it is not?
@_date: 2014-05-02 19:38:42
so are you simply refusing to understand the difference between a state and a government? do you not get this at all? the state has a MONOPOLY on power. having a standing "army" does not suddenly create a state. they wouldn't have a monopoly on power, therefore they would not be part of a state. can you maybe learn some of the vocabulary and what it actually means? Because right now you are conflating government and state. i already addressed this idea in my previous reply but you seem to have ignored it. like i said, anarchism means "without rulers" not "without rules". if you continue to misconstrue these simple ideas then further discussion will be pointless. this is political science 101 shit right here, pal. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 09:05:22
Logic is certainly objective. Context, however, is subjectively assumed based on available knowledge. If you disagree with an argument, it is because you disagree with one or more of the premises of the argument, not the logic of it. 
For example, I say that A=Adam is a zombie, B=all zombies only want to eat brains, and C=Adam only wants to eat brains (these are premises). So, if I assume that A and B are true, then it would be logical for me to conclude that C is true. You, on the other hand, might disagree about the truth value of one of the premises. If you assume that A is not true and B is true, then it would not be logical for you to conclude that C is true. This does not mean that one of us is logical and the other, illogical. It means that one of us based our argument on a false premise, not false logic.
Differing opinions about human gain and suffering are subjectively formed because people understand these things subjectively and experience them individually, not because they all use different kinds of logic to analyze them.  
@_date: 2014-04-26 23:13:06
@_date: 2014-05-12 13:27:19


Then they aren't legally binding. You cannot hold a gun to someone's head, make them sign a contract, then sue the person if they breach the terms of the contract. If a person agrees to abide by the terms of a contract involuntarily or against their will, and can prove it, then that person is not legally bound by it. You seriously misunderstand what a contract is if you think the social contract resembles one.


Your individualistic ideal world exists as a belief and thus only in your individual mind. Your ideal world is not a vision others share by necessity or by the social contract. Citizens have equal rights, not equal power to "act" as the State. If you think that the state is any less violent than your idealized version of humanity, then you are merely fooling yourself.


So, you're a Hobbesian, and believe that you know what every human's nature truly is. Siiigh, okay. Hobbes *believed* that humans were naturally violent. Why? Because he observed the devastation that came with civil war. He thought that State mandated, large scale warfare between arbitrarily formed groups of humans was natural and had nothing to do with culture or civilization. He thought that warring armies, acting under orders from people not in the battlefield with them, were examples of natural human activities that had nothing to do with the fact that without either State's monopoly on power, the war would never have taken place. If you believe humans are violent, then why create a military, which allows humans to act violently on a global scale in perpetuity? You believe humans are violent, but will not be violent if they are elected to office, because laws? You dont think power corrupts; just that humanity is corrupt regardless of their power? You dont think officials could get away with and/or continue committing crimes by *using* state authority as a means? You believe humans are violent, which should make you believe that the State is violent, especially because it has a monopoly on violence. 


Wow, how very logical. Belief is certainly a strong thing. Belief is so strong because it needs neither reasoning nor physical evidence to survive. You are saying that an idea survived, therefore it is true. The idea that the world was created 6000 years ago has still survived as belief for some people, but that does not make it true. The idea of the social contract and its dogmatism only survives because people keep believing in it. The static state that Hobbes actually describes, by definition, does not seek to change. According to Hobbes, it is a measure to curb change, whether it be good or bad. But you see this thing as an agent of change? 


No. You disbelieve that it is involuntary. And you cannot say that our current population agrees with the terms of the social contract just because some now-dead people agreed with them a long time ago. They are fucking wormfood right now. You are not only claiming that "we" are the state but also that our dead forebears are still part of the current state (and are still giving their consent), and further that their past consent and approval supersedes ours or that having their past approval makes it unnecessary to gain ours by asking us in the present or future. If you believe that ghosts and apparitions can do things in the real world, like move solid objects or act as a universal proxy for every living US citizen when agreeing to the terms and conditions of the social contract, then we clearly disagree on more than just semantics.
Your Ideal Citizen:
"I disagree with the social contract right now. Can I stop paying taxes now? I can't? What if I spend a bunch of my personal time writing emails and letters to officials about how obviously I disagree and then more time convincing my local government and every citizen in my state to not tax people? Wait--I still have to pay federal taxes? But I don't even know those people! Okay, alright, jeez, fine. So you're telling me that I have to start a grassroots social movement, fund it, grow it into a nationwide call to action, and gain enough corporate and political backing just to get a chance at "formally" disagreeing? I have to do all that shit just to get my disagreement recognized? Well, at least all that isn't completely fucking infeasible or anything. It's not like I have to worry about my career or my wife or the kids or my *second* job or bills that I pay *voluntarily* or burgeoning medical complications/disabilities/expenses or college courses or life goals or personal relationships or hobbies or individual preference or sanity or any other thing that humans generally have to deal with. After all, I'm not really a person, I'm an imaginary agent of the state, and in the minds of idealists who daydream about me--I have super strength, invulnerability to intense heat and the frigid limits of bureaucracy, the uncanny ability to poop gold, no obligations outside of political and social activism, a talking duck companion, the ability to convince heavily propagandized people using only reason and evidence, a cool hat, and so much more. Oh how I love my life in the minds of idealists, though I do yearn for freedom. I wanna be a real boy/agent of the state."


Why is it that idealists think that they can just imagine the precise rate of misuse in reality and present it as something obviously known. "Political power is misused only occasionally, or at whatever rate my positive outlook on political action might coincide with, also the sky is blue."
@_date: 2014-05-08 09:17:16
anarchists reject using force as a way of imposing society's rules on people. If you make a collectivist society that is not based on forced participation then i don't see why any anarchist would oppose it. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 23:04:59
Not really. The mods aren't forcing anyone to stay on this site or any particular subreddit.