@_author: sjkazzi222
@_date: 2017-12-16 17:38:26
I'm going to have to take Cramers side on this. I've listened to his podcast (audio version of mad money) daily during my commute to work. I started investing a year ago based on his advice. His show is meant to be entertaining, but he also knows a great deal about how markets work.
He is very realistic and conservative in his advice. He clearly states that a majority of your portfolio should be in index funds. He gives so much single stock advice, because there's no entertainment in telling people to be long on index funds. He says on a weekly basis that your single stock portfolio should be only a percentage of the total. Through his advice, my single stock holdings this year have outpaced the sp500 more than 2.5 to 1. People that listen to cramer and end up losing money must be idiots.
As far as Cramer and bitcoin goes...He stated many times that he believes young investors have the liberty to make speculative investments for chances at huge profits. This should only be a very small position in your portfolio though. He has labeled buy buy buy! on a few biotech stocks over the past 10 years that have had returns not all that different than bitcoin did this year. Lately he has stated it's fine to speculate in bitcoin. Just remember, to him, speculation means 5-10% of your portfolio.
As far as cramer being behind the curve on bitcoin.. I would have to disagree. He was actively promoting bitcoin on a 2012 episode of the "Good Wife". That probably means bitcoin was on his mind before 98% of this sub.
Just remember friends, "bulls and bear make money - pigs get slaughtered".
@_date: 2017-12-20 10:07:31
You have to remember that most of this sub got in at high levels and expect to see weekly ATHs. They also have no experience in traditional asset classes so they have no clue how the fundamentals work. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 10:31:58
Never heard something this stupid. The price would never go down then and volume would slow to a halt. What you described turns into a pyramid scheme. 