@_author: sjoelkatz
@_date: 2016-08-03 16:40:17
Bitfinex had control of the funds, but it did not have legal control over the funds. Bitfinex did not have the legal right to transfer those funds without the customer's permission since they were the customers' property and had been delivered to the customer. Bitfinex was fined by the CFTC for not actually delivering Bitcoins to their customers and they arranged this multisig scheme precisely to comply with the CFTC's requirement that the customers own their Bitcoins and that Bitfinex not just owe them to its customers.
Whether the customer did anything wrong is not relevant. Say I ask FedEx to transport a valuable piece of artwork for me. While it's in transit, I have no control over the artwork whatsoever. It's entirely in FedEx's hands. But FedEx has no legal right to do anything with the artwork that I didn't authorize them to. It's still my artwork. If the package is stolen from FedEx's custody, there's still no question that it was my artwork that was stolen. FedEx would not be automatically liable even though they had total control. I would have to establish that they did not provide the duty of care the law required them to provide.
Even though FedEx has completely practical control over the artwork while they are shipping it, what they have the legal right to do to the artwork is quite limited. It remain under my control legally.
@_date: 2016-08-03 10:45:33
I'm not sure that's the case. It might be a bit complicated.
First, the stolen funds were the customer's funds. They were segregated by customer and had, legally, been delivered to the customer. Bitfinex did not have legal control over those funds, having no right to move them without customer consent.
The funds were stolen from the customers.
However, it is likely that Bitfinex is liable to the customers for the loss of their funds, since it was their responsibility not to transfer the Bitcoins without authorization.
If that conversion was due to Bitfinex's negligence, then Bitfinex is liable to the customers and they would therefore be insolvent.
But it's not clear that Bitfinex will meet the legal standard necessary to make that happen. It may be that the funds will be deemed to have been stolen from the customers despite Bitfinex using legally sufficient care.
In that case, Bitfinex would not be liable to the victims and other funds would be intact.
@_date: 2016-08-03 10:48:27
They are customer losses. The funds were, legally, delivered to the customer. They were not Bitfinex funds because even though Bitfinex had the ability to transfer them, it had no legal right to do so without permission from the customer. So, legally, customer funds were stolen from customers.
Whether or not Bitfinex is liable to the customers is a more complicated legal question depending on precisely what duty of care they were obligated to provide and whether they did in fact provide that level of care.
@_date: 2016-08-02 23:32:16
Were the theft transactions signed with Bitgo's key or not? This is really a simple yes or no question, isn't it?
@_date: 2016-08-29 19:49:27
This article seems to be based on the assumption that Bitfinex is liable for the theft. If Bitfinex is not liable for the theft, they are not insolvent and those whose segregated funds were not stolen would be entitled to, and able to, get 100% back.
I see no discussion of why Bitfinex is liable. Do you have an opinion on what the required standard of care was? Do you have any evidence Bitfinex did not meet that standard of care? Do you think the funds were not legally segregated?
Your entire argument flows from a premise that you do not defend.
@_date: 2016-08-11 18:05:49
This is completely false. A Trezor makes your cold wallet more secure. Since this theft wasn't from cold wallets, a Trezor wouldn't have helped.
A traditional cold wallet scheme wouldn't have had the vulnerability that allowed the Bitfinex theft. But such a scheme can be implemented with or without a Trezor.
@_date: 2016-08-11 18:11:00
That's the big question. I have a few theories:
1) Nobody realized that the emperor was wearing no clothes. Those involved genuinely thought this was secure.
2) Nobody cared if it was really secure, they just needed to be able to say it was secure. So all they really cared about was being able to say "it has multisign".
3) Bad decisions on Bitfinex's side compromised BitGo's controls by essentially disabling them.
4) The attacker managed to acquire the ability to turn off BitGo's controls, possibly because Bitfinex left enough  keys vulnerable on connected systems. (Either because the attacker was an insider or because they progressively compromised a large number of Bitfinex systems getting multiple keys.)
Such a system could be reasonably secure, but it must have two rules:
1) Everyone is responsible for every signature they make. Period. This is clearly understood by all parties at all times. If something requires your signature, there's a reason for that. (That could mean, for example, BitGo auditing all changes to policies that can affect funds security before they affect its signing engine.)
2) It must be regularly confirmed that it is impossible to obtain a quorum of signatures needed to change policies from hot systems. Ideally, all such keys would be air gapped.
I still wouldn't hold $70 million with it.
@_date: 2016-08-11 08:58:33
Wanted to check it out, but all I get is a maintenance page where "Bitwala" is misspelled. (But it's very cool the way you can interact with the background.) Is there any description anywhere of what this thing actually does?
@_date: 2016-08-03 10:40:25
Agreed. Zane is doing an amazing job and is getting information out clearly and quickly. Situations like this feel like a punch in the gut.
@_date: 2015-12-22 21:18:15
You physically attach a tamper-proof cryptographic token to the sneakers and a trusted entity (ideally the manufacturer) vouches for the attachment.
@_date: 2015-12-23 00:47:47
Yes. The chip is enclosed in a tamper-resistant container. You can extract the public key and ask the embedded token to sign a challenge using either NFC or Bluetooth.
@_date: 2015-12-23 00:52:05
There are several reasons to use a blockchain:
1) The rules for valid transactions can be enforced by all participants.
2) It is easy to acquire, maintain, and verify the history of transactions.
3) It is easy to determine if the preconditions for any transaction are met.
4) Rules can be enforced without a central authority.
And so on.
@_date: 2015-12-23 01:20:53
Last I heard, they hadn't decided on a blockchain. They were investigating Ethereum because of how easy it makes it to create structures, enforce rules for changing those structures, and so on.
@_date: 2014-04-12 01:05:30
Actually, Ripple requires a consensus to make system changes in a formal way. The difference is, with Bitcoin, it's 51% of the money spent on mining hardware. With Ripple, it's a percentage of the trust the stakeholders place. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:35:05
Wow, they just removed the word "insolvency" too, but they left the last sentence.
@_date: 2014-09-25 06:03:35
You can't easily move cash around the world, nor can you easily convert cash from one currency into another.
@_date: 2014-02-18 00:33:31
It was known for a few years that someone could rebroadcast a mutated version of your transaction and thereby cause confusion if that mutant was confirmed and you were waiting for a particular transaction ID to confirm. This problem exists in Ripple as well.
What was not really fully realized was that miners could mine entire blocks of mutant transactions and this could cause subsequent transactions to fail because you have to refer to prior outputs by their transaction ID. This problem does not exist in Ripple because there is no mining and you don't refer to prior outputs by transaction ID (you refer to prior balances by account).
Ripple has chosen to solve this by adopting new validity rules such that it will not be possible to mutate a transaction without invalidating it. This will permit transaction issuers to know, with certainty, what the transaction ID will be and the transaction ID will not be changeable.
Fortunately, neither system is seriously broken by this attack. The main damage came from the time it took high-volume transaction issuers (who had assumed that transaction IDs were stable) to adapt their transaction generation schemes.
(I am David Schwartz, Chief Cryptographer at Ripple Labs.)
@_date: 2014-06-21 06:48:59
Perhaps it's downvoted because it's almost impossible to actually get a refund. I have an order that I cancelled (the product was out of stock, they didn't tell me when I placed the order). I've made phone calls, sent emails, and no matter what I do, I keep getting told I wasn't charged.
J7323603 if anyone can magically fix it.
@_date: 2014-04-12 01:06:51
Ripple Labs can make changes the community doesn't agree to. What we can't do is make the community go along with those changes. The Bitcoin developers have that same power. They rule absolutely so long as they make decisions the community doesn't find objectionable. (And can be replaced if they don't.)
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:29:30
Only coinbase watered it down, as far as I can tell. You can find the original statement everywhere else.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:47:28
"Bitstamp is now performing quarterly financial audits and will post our financial reports on our web site."
That is awesome. I hope other exchanges start doing this as well.
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:03:19
I take this to mean that the rumors are true and that Mt Gox is somehow missing some 700,000 Bitcoins. But you're absolutely right -- some kind of direct statement from someone would be good about now.
@_date: 2014-07-06 23:23:16
I had this happen to me, after someone delivered a code to me and before I could release the Bitcoins to them. This is a bit of a problem because a trading partner can use this as an excuse and you have no way to tell whether they're lying.
@_date: 2014-08-31 01:26:04
There are ways to increase the effective supply of Bitcoin as well. Because it is trivial to create additional currencies that have substantially the same inherent properties as Bitcoin, they can effectively increase the supply.
For example, whatever the value of Litecoin is, there's some ratio of Bitcoin to Litecoin in which many people would be indifferent to whether they paid, or were paid, in Bitcoin or in Litecoin. So Litecoin can inflate the effective supply of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-06-13 20:36:25
I don't agree. With or without ASICs, mining will be dominated by those few people who can do it most cost-effectively. It's guaranteed by the economics of mining.
If mining is unusually profitable relative to other things people could do, then more people will do it until it's no longer unusually profitable. At that point, mining will be dominated by those that have some advantage such as particularly low costs for power or something useful they can do with the heat generated.
However, ASIC-friendly mining algorithms have a huge security benefit. They ensure that the system can only be effectively attacked by those who have heavily invested in it. They ensure that general-purpose hardware can't be effectively retasked to attack the system in "drive by" attacks.
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:38:29
Gox's web page is now gone.
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:30:06
Read the beginning and end of the full statement:
@_date: 2014-02-25 03:35:26
Never mind, they watered it down too!
@_date: 2014-07-15 21:08:45
Bitcoin is not inherently deflationary. It's only inherently inflationary if demand is certain to rise in the future. That's an almost impossible scenario because if demand was certain to rise significantly in the future, it would already rise today, and it cannot be above where it is.
For example, it's essentially impossible for the price of gold to be $800/ounce today and certain to be $1,000/ounce next week. If the price of gold was sure to be $1,000/ounce next week, someone would offer $850/ounce today knowing they could just hold it. Then someone else would offer $900, and so on. The price would already rise to very nearly the known future price.
The market will push the difference between the current price and the known future price to very, very close to the cost of deferring spending until the price rises. This reduces the incentive to hoard to effectively zero, since you incur the cost of the deferred spending when you hoard.
@_date: 2014-06-21 06:50:22
Same here. I'm still working on getting a refund for an order they screwed up. One time, I was told a gift card was in the mail. Two weeks later I called to ask why one wasn't sent and they said that I wasn't charged so there was no reason to send a gift card. Umm, yeah, I wasn't charged, but I *paid*.
J7323603 if anyone can magically fix it.
@_date: 2014-06-13 04:02:30
I had substantially the same experience. Paid via Bitcoins, paid for overnight shipping. Three days later I check to see why I haven't gotten a package, online order shows out of stock. (Why didn't they tell me?)
Then I go through the same thing of some people telling me I'm getting a gift card in the mail and some people telling me that they I wasn't charged because the item never shipped.
Very, very frustrating.
The latest email I got from them: "Please be advised that you were not charged since item was on backorder and was not shipped. If you see a pending charge, that is probably a temporary authorization hold that will fall off in 3-5 business days." [0E03BF9663FB]
Great, I'm obviously dealing with someone who has not even looked at my order.
@_date: 2014-02-11 04:45:11
[citation needed]
Also, this doesn't really make sense. Gox has a huge financial interest in being a stable Bitcoin exchange and having the price of Bitcoin continue increasing. And if you had control over both Gox and Ripple, the sensible thing to do would be to have Gox support Ripple, not have Gox hurt Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-09-25 06:02:58
This is just a flat out lie -- no new XRP were ever created. There were 100 billion XRP  in the genesis ledger and the number has been decreasing ever since as transaction fees are destroyed.
@_date: 2015-01-05 22:53:27
I have no inside information on this, but just looking at publicly available information, it appears this is less than 15% of the Bitcoins they hold on behalf of their customers and represents significantly less than one year of revenue. There's no reason it would affect fiat balances they hold.
@_date: 2015-01-06 02:46:00
 Also, they're volumes are *way* up over 2013. They don't need to rebuy anywhere near the full amount of BTC -- think about it -- why are most people sending BTC to Bitstamp?
@_date: 2015-01-05 09:13:38
It seems like you're equating being well built with being incapable of losing data, that is, being perfect.
@_date: 2015-01-07 00:03:33
Bitstamp won't have to replace the majority of the Bitcoins stolen as Bitcoins. Think about it -- what's the primary reason people send large quantities of Bitcoins to Bitstamp? They'll prefer to be reimbursed in fiat.
@_date: 2015-01-05 22:35:17
It is absolutely false that all you need to do is be competent and design a system to be secure and then losses are impossible. It is extremely difficult and expensive to protect high-value targets like large Bitcoin exchanges. It takes an awful lot more than mere competence and secure design.
@_date: 2015-01-05 09:14:44
2 of 2 multisig, if it was even applicable, would just make losing the keys to deposit addresses more likely as there would be two ways you could lose access. Unless you're suggesting have the two keys always travel together, in which case any reduction in risk would be purely illusory.
@_date: 2015-01-06 01:26:21
I'm not trying to minimize it. I agree that it's an awful lot.
@_date: 2015-01-06 23:22:47
Yes, usually. But this business is really different from your usual business. It's not that unusual in this business to raise money when times are good primarily to ensure you have sufficient reserve to ensure continuing operations when times may not be so good in the future and it may be much more difficult to raise money. This is the kind of business where having a significant reserve is understood to be critical to survival. Theft of all the "in transit" funds in your hot wallet(s) is the failure that you design for. It's the reason you have hot wallets.
@_date: 2015-01-05 22:50:33
We now have official confirmation that approximately $5 million worth of Bitcoin have been stolen from Bitstamp. 
@_date: 2016-06-04 20:02:20
There are a number of sneaker manufacturers. It would be quite difficult to get them to cooperate to build a common platform. But if there were such a platform, that would mean that applications could target that platform and work with sneakers from many manufacturers. And all manufacturers could embrace that platform as it wouldn't be controlled by their competitors, or any authority that could betray them. This is precisely what blockchains enable you to do.
@_date: 2016-06-04 20:05:02
The point is to experiment to design a suitable platform. How would having additional miners that they'd have to coordinate with every time they wanted to rip the system apart and try it a little bit differently help them?
Why is your reflexive reaction an immediate dislike of any attempt at innovation? I don't get it. Can't you just say, "That's a cool use case, using a blockchain to allow competitors to all use the same platform without fighting over a central authority. I hope they build something awesome."? Why can't you react to innovation with cautious optimism rather than thinly veiled hate?
Oh, one more thing. Their hardware has a private key embedded in a tamperproof token. You can't extract it, but only use it to sign challenges. They really are innovating in both hardware and software.
I would totally understand asking neutral questions like "How is this secure?" or "Why is this a good fit for a blockchain?" but why the reflexive, unthinking, unquestioning negativity?
@_date: 2016-06-28 08:18:06
Again, thanks for taking the time to raise these issues. Again, I don't think I can convince you that we made the right decision, but I hope at least you can understand how our thinking went and see the other side at least a little.


No. The authorized trust lines is about deciding who you can owe money to, not ensuring that obligations on the Ripple ledger reflect actual legal obligations. I don't know of any gateways that use authorized accounts.
 


Exactly. That's why we need freeze, to ensure that doesn't happen.
Without freeze, if there were some entry on the ledger that didn't reflect an actual legal obligation, it could change hands, creating exactly that problem. Freeze prevents ledger entries that don't reflect legal obligations from changing hands, preventing that.
 


I agree, but as I explained, there was no practical consequence of this. And the other choice would have produced the same end result but with much more inconvenience on the way and harm to people who didn't transfer assets.
You can make a philosophical argument that it would have been better some other way, but there is no corresponding practical argument.
 


Users get to choose their gateways. You can choose gateway A and I can choose gateway B and we can still pay each other and receive payments from each other. You were always at risk of a gateway you chose refusing to redeem an obligation or going out of business.
Freeze helps prevent this. Imagine, for example, if something like the DAO split bug happened on Ripple and someone created billions of dollars in obligations from a USD gateway. With freeze, those assets can just be frozen and everyone else is protected from the market being littered with worthless assets and the real ones being indisinguishable.
And, again, gateways are free to forever give up the ability to freeze. And users had plenty of notice to redeem obligations.
 


I agree. That's why we're working hard to bring real financial institutions in. We don't have any magic solution to that, and nothing we did with freeze had anything to do with that. At least, not as far as I can tell.
@_date: 2016-06-27 21:41:35
What the heck, it's a bit of a hijack, but why not. First, to set expectations, I doubt I'll convince you that we made the right decision when it comes to freeze. But hopefully I can convince you that it was a close call and significant factors weighed in favor of our decision.
Ripple assets other than XRP have a disadvantage relative to crypto-currencies -- counterparty risk. To balance that, they need to have a counterparty benefit. For example, if the Bitcoin system stops one day, your Bitcoins are just gone -- nobody owes them to you or has an obligation to you. But if Ripple stops and you hold USD, your gateway still owes you those USD, they just can't use Ripple to track it and you can't use Ripple to trade it. That is, Ripple can track actual, enforceable fiat currency legal obligations.
For Ripple to work that way for FIs, it had to have a way for an issuer to freeze an obligation. Otherwise, the Ripple ledger could not accurately reflect real world obligations because real world obligations are often subject to legal process, and having a mixture of real obligations with things that aren't, with no way to distinguish them, would make a fundamentally broken system.
And I think it's clear that the end result would have been the same regardless of how we added freeze. Gateways that wanted no freezing would do whatever it takes to get that. Gateways that wanted freezing would have done whatever it takes to get that.
Doing it the way we did it meant that nobody had to create new issuing accounts. It also meant that people who didn't act during the activation window wouldn't get screwed. If gateways that wanted freezing had to switch issuing accounts, those who didn't redeem and reissue would likely have had to trade on the ledger at a discount. And there would forever be a tradable asset that once reflected a real obligation and no longer did. A cut off to switch issuers would have been worse. It would have harmed current obligation holders and it would have harmed current gateways.
We announced the upcoming freeze well before it was activated. This permitted anyone who was worried about their assets being frozen to switch them to another asset. It was easy to get BTC off ledger without any KYC, so anonymous assets could stay that way if that's what people wanted.
As a practical matter, I know of no case where any asset was frozen due to mere lack of KYC. If you didn't try to redeem, there was no freeze, and if you did, they didn't need freeze to take the asset, they can just not redeem it. So even if you did nothing, unless your gateway had some specific reason to target you, you could have (and still can) trade that asset for any other asset.
@_date: 2016-06-28 05:31:11
I guess, though there's no guarantee it would be secure due to the need for sufficient PoW.
@_date: 2016-06-27 19:22:13
Oh great. What did I do?
(For the record, my position on this issue is as follows: Public blockchains are jurisdictionless. I have no objection to things that make it easier for people to comply with the laws in their jurisdiction and generally oppose anything that makes it harder for people to do so. But I also oppose any system that tries to compel people to comply with some particular jurisdiction's laws or processes whether or not they are in, or have contact with, that jurisdiction.)
@_date: 2016-06-27 19:44:35
I assumed he meant me, though very few people call me "Dave", almost always "David". But I answer to anything. If he didn't mean me, 
@_date: 2016-06-06 07:19:04
There are fairly simple solutions to this problem. One way is to make the public/private keypair that the token uses composed of two sub keys that are combined. The token manufacturer loads one sub key, the initializer that puts the tag into service loads the other. Neither can possess the other private key.
But you don't even need to do that. Reebok is the ultimate authority on what is or is not an authentic Reebok sneaker. They would possess a signing key that would sign certificates that bind public keys to authentic Reebok sneakers. You could just have them generate the private key, load it into the token, sign a certificate for the corresponding public key, and publish that.
But you don't even need to do that. The ability for sneaker manufacturers to sue token manufacturers if the token fails to provide the agreed level of security as well as the trivial provability of such a defect is sufficient to make this particular threat nowhere near the most serious one.
@_date: 2016-06-03 19:31:57
Are you saying that it's not possible to use Bitcoin tech to make a dedicated blockchain/database that's not centralized? Or are you saying that it's possible but that somehow you know that's not what Chronicled is doing?
@_date: 2016-06-27 20:01:00
Thanks for clarifying. If you would like to discuss these issues, I'd be happy to do so in any convenient forum. I can reply to them here if you like, but that seems like hijacking. These were, of course, not my personal decisions, and the KYC procedures were ordered by fincen. (I still think they were the right decisions though and would be happy to explain why.)
@_date: 2016-06-27 19:27:33
Sure, you can have jurisdiction-specific private blockchains if you want. But they are not a substitute for permissionless, public blockchains. There are lots of private networks that operate in particular jurisdictions, but they're not a substitute for the jurisdictionless, public internet. We'll see which wins out.
(I just noticed, vendeam said it better.)
@_date: 2017-01-12 16:25:37
Nik Bougalis posted a response to this a few days ago: 
The short version is this: We run these same kinds of tests ourselves. Automated testing tools produce lots of false positives. Also, their reference to JNI (which has no applicability to rippled whatsoever) suggests they may have scanned repositories other than rippled that contain unsupported or experimental tools that don't have any security implications anyway.
@_date: 2019-04-17 08:57:17
Say there was a coin whose name contained the most offensive slur you can think of. Would you still insist that the coin should be listed based solely on those technical criteria? Say you owned a grocery store and there was a particularly delicious and inexpensive mustard but it was made by the Klan, would you offer it for sale since is passes all the technical criteria?
This kind of argument feels like a way to attack other people for acting based on their beliefs without having to address whether those beliefs are good or bad, sensible or nonsensical. And I can't imagine you would willingly forfeit the right to act on your beliefs. I certainly hope that you wouldn't.
@_date: 2012-06-01 01:44:23
The main problem is that legitimate investments don't provide a particularly high yield, especially these days. The chains have to be fairly long to provide a significant benefit (otherwise you won't reach any good opportunities).
What will happen is someone will have to provide 100% insurance to get a 0.5% return. No sane person would do that, so the chain will consist largely of insane links. People just won't be able to cover defaults, no matter how good their intentions, because they'll underestimate the chances of default and they'll underestimate the extent to which risk they think is independent actually isn't.
If there weren't HYIP and Ponzi scammers, it would probably work very well. But in the face of them, it will collapse and destroy friendships as well as nest eggs. Scammers are very good at gaining trust -- that's their business.
@_date: 2012-12-09 22:05:08
You're not logging into the web site, you're logging into your own Javascript client. You're giving it the credentials it needs to decrypt your wallet on your local machine.
@_date: 2012-12-10 03:05:10
Anyone could give anyone else a 1 trillion dollar line of credit. All that would mean is that the recipient of that line of credit could use any credit the issuer of that line of credit had and in exchange, they would wind up owing the issuer money. But you couldn't use it to buy a yacht unless someone was willing to take the issuer's credit.
I might extend a 1 trillion dollar credit line to my bank. That would allow them to owe me up to a trillion dollars. Now, anyone who wants to pay me can do so by making the bank owe me money -- extending someone credit is agreeing to take their debt as a form of payment. The reason I'm willing to let the bank owe me money is because I have an on-demand withdrawal agreement with the bank.
What people sometimes don't realize is that when you have money in a bank account, *you* have extended the bank credit and then the bank owes you money when they use it. Essentially, you can extend someone credit if, and only if, you *want* them to owe you money. I want my bank to owe me money -- that's another way of saying I have money in a bank account.
@_date: 2012-05-31 18:28:04
Many Ponzi schemes claim that their returns are nothing special and that their profits are due to efficiency and control. Madoff, for example, said "I would be surprised if anybody thought that matching the S&amp;P over 10 years was anything outstanding."
Second, many Ponzi schemes have made a point of not appearing publicly to be clawing for capital. People who run Ponzi schemes understand that the first rule of Ponzi schemes is that they must not look like a Ponzi scheme. Madoff turned away people who begged to invest millions with him.
As for his identity being "out there", I've seen this claim a few times and never seen any evidence whatsoever to back it up.
The other problem is that nobody has come up with a single plausible explanation, other than a Ponzi scheme, of why he still needs investors. Any business making that much profit would rapidly be self-capitalizing.
Also, you say that all that we need to know is Pirate's total capital base. Do you have any idea what that is?
@_date: 2012-05-17 00:52:29
It doesn't really work because there aren't realistic investment opportunities that make sense to denominate in Bitcoins.
Effectively, the only reason someone would want to borrow 10 Bitcoins today and pay you back 11 Bitcoins next year would be if they thought Bitcoins were going to drop in value -- which is effectively a short.
@_date: 2012-12-10 03:00:13
I am. I am one of the people working on the new Ripple. (But I am speaking only for myself.)
@_date: 2012-05-16 10:48:02
Well they just defeated their entire point of existing. The whole point of Dwolla was that it didn't matter what you did with the money so long as it was legal. That was the difference between Dwolla and PayPal.
@_date: 2012-05-16 20:40:31
It's possible, but to do it sensibly you'd have to offer offsetting shorts. Basically, you take deposits in Bitcoin, convert them into an optimum currency, invest those funds, and buy back Bitcoins to fund withdrawals. You pay interest out of your investments.
However, if the price of Bitcoins goes up, you'll take a loss even if your investments do well. To make that risk acceptable, you'd have to offer matching shorts. If the exchange rate costs you on the deposits, you make it up on the profits from the shorts. If you lose on the shorts, you make it up on profits from the reduced exchange rate making withdrawals cheaper.
@_date: 2012-05-16 19:48:39
You know that Dwolla's ToS does *not* allow them to pass on chargebacks to others. Their ToS only says they will charge the account the did the chargeback, not the accounts of innocent third parties who Dwolla credited.
"The receiving party of a transaction may be subject to chargebacks occurring within the account if claims are made by the sending party or by the financial institution. In the event fraud occurs, funds may be reversed and arbitration will begin with both parties."
The transaction charged back was Jessica's transfer to Dwolla. You are not the receiving party of that transaction, Dwolla is. The chargeback must be "within the account", and that chargeback is clearly not within your account but Jessica's. Unless Dwolla is accusing you of fraud, the fraud clause says Dwolla will go to arbitration with Jessica to get *their* money back. It was Jessica's transfer to Dwolla that was reversed and might be fraudulent.
Hold Dwolla to their terms. Unless they're claiming their transfer to you was fraudulent, they have no right to charge it back -- by their own terms.
@_date: 2012-12-10 16:57:41
This Ripple system and Ryan Fugger's Ripple system are totally different projects with non-overlapping teams of people. This Ripple is actually more like Bitcoin than the original Ripple. It grew out of Jed McCaleb's idea to develop a crypto-currency that replaced mining with consensus, later adding elements from Ripple to allow fiat currencies to behave somewhat like Bitcoins.
@_date: 2012-05-16 20:43:48
- "The receiving party of a transaction may be subject to chargebacks occurring within the account if claims are made by the sending party or by the financial institution. In the event fraud occurs, funds may be reversed and arbitration will begin with both parties."
I don't see anything in their terms or conditions that permit them to reverse their payment to you. The transaction that was reversed was from Jessica's bank account to Jessica's Dwolla account. That just says they can go after Jessica -- she's the receiving party of the transaction that was reversed and it was within her account.
If you were the receiving party of the ACH transaction that was reversed, the reversal would have taken the money from you. But it didn't -- it took it from Dwolla.
@_date: 2012-12-10 22:41:48


No. Receiving a payment is entirely passive, just like in Bitcoin.
If you want to receive money through Ripple and are 100% risk averse, you could open an account with an organization that offers on-demand withdrawal accounts. You then extend credit to that organization. Now, to pay you $10, someone has to make that organization owe you $10, which you can withdraw on demand because that's what your contract with them says.
@_date: 2012-12-10 23:11:36
They tell their client they want to pay you $10. The system then searches for a path using any credit they have to make that organization owe you $10. If they can't find one, they can't pay you. If they can, the system creates a transaction that adjusts the internal balances along a chain so that you wind up being owed $10 by that organization and thus you consider them to have paid you $10. They sign that transaction and all participating servers process it.
It works just like when I write a check and deposit it in your bank account. My bank owes me $10 because money has already moved from me to my bank. And you know money can later move from your bank to you. Because of these preconditions, I can pay you $10 just by adjusting balances:
1) My bank owes me $10 less.
2) My bank owes your bank $10 more. (Or your bank owes my bank $10 less.)
3) Your bank owes you $10 more.
My bank and your bank have already agreed to this exchange. You just make money
You now consider me to have paid you $10 because I made your bank owe you $10 more. That is how currency Ripples.
@_date: 2012-12-09 22:04:14
The system has no central authorities of any kind and the server software will be open source. Anyone will be able to download and run the server. It's in the same category as Bitcoin because all the transactions and the system state that they manipulate is public and changes to the state are made by mathematical rules that anyone can implement and verify rather than a central authority that decides what to do and can implement any arbitrary rules it pleases.
@_date: 2012-12-10 05:59:49
I am very limited in the response I can give to this question for several reasons. Some of this information still hasn't been released, some hasn't been decided yet, and for legal reasons, I can't describe things as an advantage or opportunity. But I can paste this quote from Ryan Fugger:
"I should mention that the system incorporates bitcoin-style coins that
are used to pay transaction fees and regulate transaction submission
rates against consensus processing capability -- they can be used for
payment as well as Ripple and offer privacy similar to bitcoins."
And this quote from myself:
"One possible early adopter advantage is that the system may have less liquidity in the beginning. Lower liquidity could mean larger spreads. For example, if nobody is offering to exchange a particular currency pair for a decent rate, you may find somebody who needs to exchange that currency pair to make a payment might accept an offer that's really not very good. You can easily place a number of "not very good" offers and if anyone gets desperate and liquidity is poor, that's a profit opportunity. However, there's no guarantee liquidity will be or stay poor. And you have to remember to cancel your offers if the exchange rates change. So this is purely speculative."
Wait and see. Clever people can always find opportunities.
@_date: 2012-05-17 00:53:33
It's trivial to make banks run proof. Liquidity is easily managed so long as you have sufficient equity. If you have a portfolio of solid loans, you can borrow money to cover any liquidity crisis.
The only real problem is if you make bad loans. You can't fix insufficient equity.
@_date: 2012-12-10 03:18:56


The chain of intermediaries is used only when the payment is actually made. If a default occurs later, that default would be between two specific people and wouldn't affect anyone else.
Say I want to buy something from you. I write a check on my bank account and you deposit it in your bank account. There's a chain of intermediaries between us that consists of two banks. But if your bank doesn't let you withdraw the money later, that only harms you. So you've only taken the risk that your bank will default and any other default would harm someone other than you.
So I do have to trust my bank (or any entity I've decided to extend trust to). But I can pay you without worrying about defaults by entities I haven't chosen to trust. They can't hurt me.
@_date: 2012-04-12 08:53:48
At one time, this could stop your client from processing transactions. The intent was, if a serious security flaw was ever discovered, the developers could protect you from being robbed. It could easily be disabled, but even that mechanism was removed some time ago, precisely to prevent disinformation like this article from claiming it was some kind of backdoor. All it can do is display a message.
@_date: 2015-04-04 18:56:01
None of what you said above makes any sense.
@_date: 2015-04-23 08:31:38
The network doesn't have poison pills, asset issuers do. And this reflects the fundamental reality that they can stop redeeming.
Ripple has no interest in being a BTC competitor. The set of people who use Ripple and/or Bitcoin is a microscopic fraction of the people who could use these systems. Growing the pie makes much more sense than fighting over how big everyone's piece is.
@_date: 2015-04-03 23:50:11
There's no way to not get involved. Bitstamp is in possession of property whose ownership is in dispute.  If they don't give it to anyone, everyone who has a claim on it would sue them. If they do give it someone, anyone who has a claim on it who they didn't give it to could sue them, and they'd have no way to defend themselves in that suit because they have no ability to figure out which claims are legitimate.
Bitstamp is trying to avoid having to make a decision based on limited information they can't verify and avoid the risk of getting sued by either or both parties.
@_date: 2015-04-04 00:11:27
Paypal will freeze funds whether or not there's an agreement between the buyer and the seller. A common example would be when someone claims a transfer was unauthorized. They're not claiming there's any agreement between them and anyone, nor are they claiming there's any agreement between the recipient and anyone, but Paypal will freeze the funds. If there's any legitimate question who the funds should go to, the funds can be frozen.
@_date: 2015-04-22 11:15:43
The default behavior would have been catastrophic in a case like this. It would have created numerous innocent victims who traded for an asset believing that it represented a particular legal obligation that it actually didn't. The default behavior was changed because it made it impossible for users to ensure they don't trade worthwhile assets for worthless assets.
@_date: 2015-04-27 08:45:10
And, just to clarify, my entire point was that it doesn't matter that you can't prove a miner will ever find a block. What matters is what actually happens, not when you can prove is guaranteed to happen.
@_date: 2015-04-23 08:27:40
There is no downside to being able to do things.
The relevant difference between Ripple and an ordinary payment network is that with ordinary payment networks, you can make payments to, or receive payments from, people who make these choices differently than you do.
For example, if you do not like PayPal's terms and conditions, that's fine, you don't have to use them. But then nobody can pay you with funds on PayPal and you can't pay anyone who accepts funds only from PayPal.
By contrast, if you hate SnapSwap and don't want to accept any of their terms, you can hold Bitstamp dollars. Or if you hate dollars, you can hold Bitstamp Bitcoins. Or if you hate all counterparties, you can hold XRP. And you can still make payments to, and accept payments from, all of these currencies and systems.
@_date: 2015-04-04 00:07:51
XRP doesn't involve anyone owing anything to anyone.
@_date: 2015-04-03 23:45:58
What the heck is "the ripple IOU"?
@_date: 2015-04-30 08:42:07
But this would be obvious. Mining pools that weren't in cahoots with the attacker would consistently see an above-average fraction of their blocks orphaned.
@_date: 2015-04-04 18:57:36
If Bitstamp has control over an asset that two parties make claims to, Bitstamp is in a position to go to a judge to have those claims adjudicated. Punch "interpleader" into your favorite search engine.
@_date: 2015-04-30 08:40:52
Your example indicates how someone could be set up to do a 51% attack without anyone knowing. It stops short of explaining how they could accomplish an actual attack.
Also, if you're going to assume a rational attacker, you have to show how the attack could net them more money than it cost them to launch the attack.
@_date: 2015-04-23 08:34:53
I think you're slightly misunderstanding what happened here. Bitstamp froze one of its own trust lines. For these kinds of assets, the issuers are supposed to freeze a line if it doesn't reflect a clear legal obligation of the gateway. There's nobody who can just randomly go and freeze someone else's assets. And there are unfreezeable assets.
@_date: 2013-05-22 08:52:27
You can only hold an asset that you agreed to hold. So the only person who can default, and hurt you, is someone you agreed to trust. If you are very risk averse, that can be a bank or regulated financial institution.
There is no other way to make dollars behave like Bitcoins. You cannot teleport a real dollar around the world the way you can a real Bitcoin. Someone must hold that dollar.
@_date: 2016-07-27 12:30:09
That's because of how Poloniex works. You can't use the same receiving address on both sides of the fork. So even if he was sent ETC, Poloniex would not have credited it. (Though if the ETH classic block explorer said the funds were sent, Poloniex should be willing to credit them if he opens a ticket.)
@_date: 2013-04-18 21:14:41
There's no point. That would just give you *two* passwords you have to keep safe forever to protect your account. Once a key can decrypt some data, it can forever decrypt that data. The keys must be kept secret so long as the data must be kept secret. This is one of the downsides to not having a central authority, and it's the same thing with Bitcoin wallet passphrases.
@_date: 2013-04-18 21:05:12
Basically because they believe that broad adoption of the Ripple network will increase the value of XRP.
(I am an employee of OpenCoin, but am speaking only for myself.)
@_date: 2013-04-18 21:23:54
If I decided to give myself 80% of my salary, would that too be a scam?
@_date: 2013-07-29 07:01:40
If you believe a Bitcoin at MtGox is worth almost exactly the same as a Bitcoin at CampBX (which it likely is because it's not hard to convert one into the other), you get the inevitable conclusion that a dollar at MtGox is worth somewhat less than a dollar at CampBX. The difference in price reflects the difficulty in converting a dollar at MtGox to a dollar anywhere else.
@_date: 2013-07-18 04:21:45
He is one of the most trustworthy and reliable people in the Bitcoin world.
A bit of his work:
See also:
@_date: 2013-04-18 21:10:19
The design is decentralized in that it doesn't require any central authorities. The current network itself is not yet decentralized because if it was, improvements would be very, very slow to make.
@_date: 2013-07-08 05:01:22
Yeah, the best way to destroy a company is to give them an interest-free loan. The fact is, they can sell every working product they can make, so a cancelled order does not leave them with product they can't sell. This is not a plausible reason for them to refuse refunds.
@_date: 2013-03-22 15:02:44
That's true. Another possibility is to switch to a scheme where you perform a "prepay" transaction that grants you a certain number of "free" transactions. That way, the cost of a transaction can be set in "transactions per drip" rather than "drips per transaction". (A "drip" is a millionth of an XRP.)
@_date: 2013-03-11 12:50:10
There are two responses to this argument. The common sense and the technical.
Common sense: During periods of inflation, do gas stations try not to sell people gas? I mean, surely they know they can sell the gas for more down the road because of inflation. So they should close down. Except they don't.
Technical: It simply can't happen. To argue that there's long term predictable deflation is to say that people will rationally value 10 Bitcoins next year as worth more than 10 Bitcoins today. But since Bitcoins are free to store, that is simply irrational. One of the things you can do with 10 Bitcoins today is hold them, at no charge, and have 10 Bitcoins next year. In addition, with 10 Bitcoins today, you could use them in other ways between now and next year. Thus 10 Bitcoins today must be worth at least as much as 10 Bitcoins next year (because it includes that plus additional opportunity.)
@_date: 2013-04-11 05:32:09
You can't transact in fiat currencies like dollars, other than by physically handing dollar bills, if you don't trust anyone to owe you money. You can't, for example, pay by check if you don't have a bank account and trust the bank to hold the dollars you'll use to pay for that check.
@_date: 2013-05-22 09:00:04
Right, which is exactly what happens at a centralized exchange now. The only difference is that three parties involved (dollars in, exchange of dollars for bitcoins, and bitcoins out) don't have to the be the same party. This means you can choose the optimum value for all three parties rather than having to take them as a unit.
@_date: 2013-05-25 04:36:33
Bitcoin wasn't open source until it was. And when Bitcoin was made open source, all the key decisions were locked in and irrevocable, such as the block reward schedule, mining algorithm, transaction format, EC curve, and so on. Those could have been changed before the source was out. Once the source was out, you'd have to get everyone to agree to a change, and that would be very difficult.
Ripple went public earlier, allowing the public to advocate for design changes while they can still be made. I honestly am stunned people think this is somehow a bad thing.
@_date: 2013-05-25 20:59:08
You would have to serve the court order on the majority of validators. It would be almost perfectly analogous to trying to freeze a Bitcoin account.
You could serve a court order on Gavin to force him to patch the client to reject transfers involving that account. And he would release such a patch, but would people run that version? Are you going to serve a court order on every Bitcoin user?
And you could serve a court order on mining pools forcing them not to work chains that include transfers involving that account. But mining pools that complied would lose miners (because they would see this as a threat to Bitcoin's openness).
In Ripple, it would be validators that you'd have to serve. And other validators can simply stop listening to validators they see as compromised in any way.
@_date: 2013-05-22 09:19:29
Well, and also because mining only makes sense if you're paying miners to solve the double spend problem. Otherwise, you're just giving currency away to whoever wastes the most electricity.
@_date: 2013-05-25 04:32:35
Who is giving Opencoin valuable currencies? What are you talking about?
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:39:19
I've addressed those concerns about as much as I can. But I think it's important to point out that they have no effect on the use of Ripple as a payment system, which is the primary use we are targeting.
@_date: 2013-04-24 23:58:20
I have a vested interest in discounting the importance of things that are incoherent? If you think the concept is coherent, you're welcome to make a case for it. I find it quite telling that you bothered to reply to me but didn't bother to make any case for your position.
Distributed mining effectively causes people to expend resources equal to the market price. If the currency mined in a month is worth, say, $1,000,000, you can expect miners in aggregate to be willing to spend around $1,000,000 to get the thing mined. In the case of Bitcoin, this mining secures the currency. But mining where not needed to secure currency is equivalent to giving the currency to whoever destroys the most stuff to get it. It's irrational madness.
Would you be happier if OpenCoin agreed to give out XRP to whoever wasted the most electricity? You're essentially arguing that wasting electricity is preferable to developing Ripple.
@_date: 2013-03-22 14:59:56
Ripple is a payment network. Users of the network exchange IOUs. Some of those users have redeem on demand agreements with some IOU issuers. This is sufficient to "anchor" the system in the real world. (If an IOU is worth $50 to many people because they can redeem it for $50, then everyone else will value it at $50 too because they can trade it with those people.)
This works much the same way the conventional financial system works. If I want to pay you $50, I must first ensure my bank owes me at least $50. Then I gave you a $50 check (basically, an IOU from me). You then hand that $50 check to the payment network and the result is that your bank, who you choose to trust, owes you $50 more and my bank owes me $50 less.
Ripple has built in exchanges to permit cross-currency transactions. Ripple is in the process of transitioning to a fully open-source peer to peer network with no central authorities.
@_date: 2013-02-09 07:57:22
You can transact in different currencies and exchange between them.
@_date: 2013-05-25 04:50:02
That's correct. Google Ventures made a modest investment in Opencoin. Opencoin also has access to things like hiring assistance that Google Ventures provides. They sent the dev team delicious cupcakes, too! They have no control over the strategic direction or anything like that.
@_date: 2013-04-25 19:50:07
If you don't like XRP as a currency, don't use it as one. You can still use Ripple to make high speed, low cost, irreversible payments across currencies. You can still use it to buy and sell Bitcoins for dollars.
@_date: 2013-02-21 04:39:17
The exact details are being kept secret to prevent people from gaming the system. But the plan is to give away 50% of the XRP as quickly as possible. There's a giveaway currently going on to users of the Bitcoin Forums.
@_date: 2013-05-22 09:09:22
The problem with a real financial institution being an exchange is the exchange part. They know how to accept fiat. They know how to hold fiat. They know how to pay out fiat. A Ripple gateway is an exchange without the exchange. Banks can be Ripple gateways (in some countries anyway) because it doesn't require them to do anything they aren't already doing significantly differently from the way they're already doing it.
@_date: 2013-04-18 21:23:00
That's correct, except that your wallet provider does store your encrypted wallet. Your name and password together are used to encrypt and decrypt the wallet.
@_date: 2013-10-14 10:02:14
My understanding is that Dwolla is reacting to pressure from Veridian. I'm not sure whether the issue is compliance or fraud, but my bet would be it's a compliance issue.
@_date: 2013-02-14 07:33:30
Right now, nothing stops us. We control all the servers, so we can do whatever we want. The system was, however, designed to require no central authorities and be distributed and peer-to-peer. As we reach stability and scalability landmarks, we'll open participation up. Fundamental rules changes can only be made by consensus and presumably a consensus to create more XRP would be as improbable as a bitcoin consensus to increase the block reward.
Unfortunately, I can't disclose any plans about the initial distribution because we're concerned about people gaming the system. We will do our best to make it fair, but it won't much matter. The initial distribution will probably rapidly be adjusted by people buying and selling ripples until they're in the hands of those who want them the most. Presumably the price of something you're giving away will be low enough that it won't matter. (Remember the people who complained about the Bitcoin early adopters having so many bitcoins but then they didn't buy when bitcoins dropped to $2?)
(I'm an employee of OpenCoin, but speaking only for myself.)
@_date: 2013-10-04 08:52:04
He's still an adviser, a member of the board of directors, and a major stockholder.
@_date: 2013-02-12 15:29:32
You can't perform any transactions unless you have XRP to fund them. When you initially "create" an account, you're basically just creating a wallet and getting an account ID. The account isn't actually created in the system until at least 200XRP are transferred to it. For practical purposes, 500XRP or so is the minimum to be able to do useful things with an account. But with 500XRP, you can extend trust to one gateway for both Bitcoins and your local national currency, have three currency exchange offers at a time, and fund more than 10,000 transactions.
@_date: 2013-08-15 21:39:48
Is there any link to the actual bug in the code along with the actual fix? I see all kinds of descriptions of the bug and suggested workarounds, but not the actual bug itself nor the fix.
@_date: 2013-04-11 05:31:18
Yes, you're already doing this. Except you're locked into a single exchange that operates opaquely and can secretly enforce arbitrary policies on you.
Even though the network is not decentralized yet, Opencoin signs every single Ripple ledger (as all operating Ripple validators do). If Opencoin were to, for example, execute a trade incorrectly or modify someone's balance, there would be a ledger signed by Opencoin with the previous balance, a ledger signed by Opencoin with the new balance, and no transaction in that ledger that explained the difference. Any trickery would be immediately conclusively provable.
Nothing the Ripple network does now is secret. All changes to the ledger are continuously publicly disclosed along with the cryptographically-signed transactions that justify them. All transactions are publicly broadcast along with precisely the changes they made to the ledger. No changes to the ledger are permitted without a corresponding transaction.
Check out this link:
This is an example of a Ripple transaction in JSON form and the portion of the ledger it was applied in explaining what changes it made to the ledger. Any changes to accounts, offers, balances, and the like are always explained by a signed transaction in the ledger and the signed explanation of what effects that transaction had. All of this is signed by Opencoin, roughly every 20 seconds.
(I am an employee of Opencoin, speaking only for myself.)
@_date: 2013-04-11 05:56:23
We completely agree that the server source code not being open is a drag on adoption and we are working to get to that landmark as quickly as we can. I assure you, nobody wants to see us move the system forward as quickly as possible more than we do.
The problem right now is that once other people are operating validators, the system will be very hard to change. This is intentional -- you would be a fool to trust a financial system whose rules could easily be changed. Imagine if the Bitcoin block reward tripled tomorrow. That would wreak havok.
Once the system is distributed, we'll have to obtain a consensus of trusted validators to make any change, and there have been times when we've made three or four such changes in a day.
@_date: 2013-05-22 08:58:06
Payments are always atomic in Ripple. Either the recipient of the payment gets something they have agreed to value or nothing at all happens.
@_date: 2013-02-20 02:11:32
You can think of Ripple as a way to allow fiat currencies to behave somewhat like Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-05-25 04:31:55
You can acquire XRP from anyone who has it. Over time, Opencoin will own or control a smaller and smaller fraction of XRP. The same argument could have been made (and was made) against Bitcoin in the early days -- the early adopters held most of the Bitcoins until time passed. Over time, they held a smaller and smaller fraction.
@_date: 2013-07-08 05:00:15
Quite the reverse, the more refunds they give, the less behind their shipping will be. In addition, if they were giving refunds reliably, people would be more willing to place orders in the first place, even if they're afraid circumstances might change and they might no longer want the product before it ships.
So giving refunds to everyone who asks would eliminate two main factors preventing people from placing orders. They'd still get an interest free loan from everyone who places an order and then cancels it.
If such a large fraction of the people who placed orders would cancel that it would cause them a cash flow problem, then their situation is much more dire than they make it out to be. Why should so many people want to cancel when shipped products sell at auction for so much more than they paid for their pre-orders?
@_date: 2013-05-25 04:47:05
Do you see no value to being able to move balances denominated in fiat currencies around the world and across currencies in seconds?
@_date: 2013-04-25 00:11:12
Ripple is a payment system. The basic idea is to allow people to send currencies like dollars and Euros as easily as they send Bitcoins.
In a sense Ripple and Bitcoin are competitors. But because the whole market is so new, the competition is actually synergistic. It's not like Coke and Pepsi where essentially every sale of one is a lost sale for the other. Ripple and Bitcoin are both trying to legitimize crypto-currencies and decentralized payment systems. Each will bring attention to the other.
Ripple will directly help Bitcoin in two specific ways. First, Ripple will provide a decentralized exchange allowing people to easily trade Bitcoins against numerous currencies. Second, every merchant who accepts Ripple will be a merchant you can pay with Bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-05-06 09:08:25
Transaction consensus has nothing to do with gateways. It is by consensus of validators, which may or may not be operated by gateways.
Validators get to choose which other validators they try to reach a consensus with by public key. Basically, you want to include as many independently operated validators as possible to avoid the risk of collusion.
We don't know how lists of validators will be maintained in the future. There may be organizations who maintain such lists. People may collect them more or less manually. Currently, we have a way for domains to nominate validators and operators can include lists of domains they wish to allow to nominate validators.
There can be a reference list of validators that many people use without any loss of decentralization. Bitcoin has a reference client that many people use. Bitcoin is still decentralized because people do not have to use the reference client, are free to stop using the reference client at any time, and may modify it as they please. The same would be true for an "official" list of validators.
It's really not that hard.
@_date: 2013-04-14 12:26:00
Ultimately, it would have no significant effect except that most of the XRP we still controlled might be controlled by someone else.
Right now, likely someone who had the server source code would release it. And then Ripple could be restarted by someone else. Much as I like to consider myself important, OpenCoin's bus factor is greater than one. OpenCoin would survive if I quit.
@_date: 2013-05-22 09:09:40
Of course you can. If you create something, you can award yourself 100% of it.
@_date: 2013-04-18 21:13:15
There is no web interface to the Ripple network currently nor is there any need to install a client. The client runs in your browser. You download it and run it when you go to the client web page.
@_date: 2013-05-25 04:40:48
The source code would open automatically. Many people have the source code and the developer's contract specifies that the source code becomes open source under those conditions. Many people have ledger backups -- the ledger is public and you can grab the latest at any time.
@_date: 2013-07-18 04:17:17
Roger's reputation is worth a lot more than 1,000 BTC.
@_date: 2013-05-07 06:17:09
To clarify, only partners have the binaries. They also have source. But the source has *not* been released under an open source license yet.
@_date: 2013-02-09 07:58:31
It will not currently. It is not yet as decentralized as it should be for people to rely on it. This makes troubleshooting and bugfixing faster, which is more important at the moment.
@_date: 2013-03-22 14:56:42
1. They are retained by the founders.
2. A gateway is a company that enters into contracts with people to redeem Ripple IOUs in exchange for currency. While they can do most of the things you mention, there are various controls that make most of those things impractical. (For example, say they demand KYC information to redeem from you. You can just trade the IOUs for IOUs from another gateway.)
3. No.
4. No, the consensus process is not based on proof of work or proof of stake. The system comes to a consensus with whoever you ask it to come to a consensus with, assuming they also want to come to a consensus with you. This is really the same thing Bitcoin does except rather than the "rule" for deciding what everyone coming to a consensus on being longest valid chain with most proof of work, the rule is simply to come to an agreement with deterministic rules if that fails.
@_date: 2013-02-09 08:00:09
It's much the same reason people relay bitcoin transactions. It's not expensive or complicated, and you contribute to maintaining a system that you benefit from.
@_date: 2013-05-25 20:45:36
If you think so, just don't use XRP as a store of value or means of exchange. Ripple works fine without that. You just need a microscopic amount to cover reserves and pay transaction fees. I don't think it particularly matters whether it's given away fairly or not. Obviously, more fair is better. But the harm in an unfair giveaway is really just an undeserved benefit, not an actual harm. The value comes from the increased value provided by Ripple as adoption grows, it's not taken from anyone.
@_date: 2013-05-22 08:50:52
Such a "leak" would be legal. Several parties have the source code and it becomes open source automatically if OpenCoin ceases to continue. If you think about it, we'd be foolish not to do this because it has no downside for us and it removes one incentive to try to pressure us.
@_date: 2013-08-30 06:31:46
You don't accept a block unless it's valid.
@_date: 2013-05-16 06:42:04
This might be true, but I wouldn't assume it. OpenCoin uses the giveaways to drive adoption. If that's effective, or people think it will be effective, that would mean that the demand for XRP will increase as well.
It's also very hard to know what fraction of the price is due to speculation. If it's high, that can mean a sharp drop at any time.
I probably know almost about as much about this as anyone, and I frankly have no idea what will happen. I can, however, always come up with retroactive justifications that make perfect sense.
@_date: 2013-05-25 04:39:10
This is what Bitcoin did. The early adopters mined before the source was opened.
@_date: 2013-03-26 19:42:36
The resources required to run a validator are much less than the resources required to mine Bitcoins at any kind of significant level. If you're already running a server, running a validator has almost no extra cost.
There's plenty of incentive to run a server. If you need a high-bandwidth connection into the Ripple network to do high-volume transactions or arbitrage, the best way to get it is to run a server. That way, other people will be happy to connect their high-volume servers to yours because you are pulling your own weight. If you try to do high-volume operations as a client, you may have a hard time finding a stable server to talk to because you are imposing load on them and providing nothing in return. Nobody has any obligation to connect you to the network. (Alternatively, it's possible that people who need high-volume client access might pay server operators to provide it. In that case, that's another incentive to run a server.)
As for incentive to a run a validator specifically, again, the cost is almost zero if you're running a server. And running a validator (that other validators trust) is how you get a say in the operation of the network.
With Bitcoin, when a new feature is being discussed the mining pools that have a lot of sway over whether it will be deployed or not. With Ripple, it's the validators. Running a validator that people trust gives you a direct say over the enabling of new features, changes in the fee schedule, and so on.
@_date: 2013-05-06 09:15:41
Every ledger is public. Every transaction is public. Every change in the ledger is justified by a signed transaction. All the technical information is public. Perhaps you could be more specific about what it is you want.
@_date: 2013-05-22 08:55:59
When you create a new Ripple account, it considers every asset worthless. If you tell it an asset is worth 1 Bitcoin, then if you have that asset, it will tell you that you have 1 Bitcoin. Garbage in, garbage out.
@_date: 2013-02-12 15:24:56
This was a bug introduced while fixing another bug. We had a few of these in the client today.
@_date: 2013-07-08 05:05:37
100 arguments that kinda make sense is not as good as one argument that actually makes sense. You can rebut all 100 arguments and they'll just come back with 100 more that also kinda make sense. If someone wants to pick one argument, the one they think is the best of them all, then it's worth explaining why it's wrong. But rebutting an argument that nobody actually believes is pointless because they'll just switch to another one.
@_date: 2013-04-24 15:32:37
Bitcoin was closed sourced and centralized before the source code was released and the public was able to run the code. Ripple is where Bitcoin was.
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:57:17
Right. Ripple is where Bitcoin was before the source code needed to participate in the proof of work and mining scheme was made public. The design requires no central authorities and the plan is to open source the system, but the control is functionally still centralized and the system is not yet fully open source.
@_date: 2013-05-06 02:37:01
XRP have some of the characteristics we commonly associate with currencies but not others. "Is XRP a currency", is one of those "Is X a Y" questions where X is something unique and Y is a category with fuzzy boundaries. (Like "Is a tomato a fruit?" or "Is Buddhism a religion?") A yes or no answer isn't helpful.
@_date: 2013-04-25 05:15:24
Which part didn't you understand? Bitcoin, like Ripple, was designed to be open source and distributed without any requirement for a central authority of any kind. Bitcoin, like Ripple, at one time was closed and centralized, before it was made fully open to the public. Ripple is where Bitcoin was. Ripple will get to where Bitcoin is.
@_date: 2013-11-12 08:32:48
Ripple Labs doesn't issue XRP. Ripple Labs gives them away and sells them only to businesses who are appropriately licensed.
@_date: 2013-05-22 09:07:30
I was there. It was a discussion. There was no bribery, nor would that conceivably have made sense. Seriously, think about it.
@_date: 2013-02-14 07:36:33
Strictly speaking, if a majority of stakeholders made a rule change, everyone else would have pretty much no choice but to go along with them. We say, for example, that only 21 million bitcoins will ever exist. But theoretically, everyone could get together and decide to make more. It's not likely though because the stakeholders have no incentive to destroy confidence in the very system they hold stakes in.
Ripple is designed to have no central authority but is ruled by a consensus of nodes people trust not to collude (and also to 'vote' on feature changes, transaction fee changes, and so  on). So nobody can absolutely guarantee what it will eventually be or do.
Read my agreement room model:
Now imagine almost everyone in the room agrees that someone has more ripples than you think they do. You have to either agree with them or form your own room with those who disagree. But nobody wants there to be multiple rooms.
The same thing holds with breaking changes in Bitcoin. If some group decides to increase the block reward and others don't go along, you would have two blockchains with a significant disagreement over which is the longest valid chain. Nobody wants that.
@_date: 2013-05-22 09:02:12
What is the step you think is not necessary? Currently, to trade dollars for BTC, you typically do this:
1) You deposit dollars at an exchange and get an IOU from the exchange.
2) You exchange your dollar IOU for a Bitcoin IOU from that same exchange with a counterparty also using that same exchange.
3) You redeem your Bitcoin IOU at the exchange for a real Bitcoin.
Ripple is precisely the same flow. Except the exchange in step 1 and the exchange in step 3 can be different parties, and the counterparty in step 2 need not even use either of the parties. That is, it's the same flow but distributed.
@_date: 2013-04-18 21:08:17
Assuming you're willing to accept the system's native currency as payment (XRP in the case of Ripple) then it works precisely the same way.
@_date: 2013-04-18 21:06:17
Then Bitcoin is irresponsible. If your Bitcoin wallet has a 6-8 character password, you are not secure.
@_date: 2013-05-22 09:06:31
Because we were open and honest about our dealings with Ryan Fugger, you wouldn't be surprised if we did something secretly and dishonestly? What's the logic? Everything honest we do is just to make people think we're honest so we can get away with the horrible, dishonest things we do, for which there is no evidence? But that lack of evidence just shows how good we are at being bad?
@_date: 2013-04-24 15:31:43
It's currently centralized, but it's carefully designed not to require any central authorities. As soon as the server code is released, anyone will be able to run a server. At that point, it will be no easier to manipulate or shut down than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-26 19:46:27
See the wiki 
But you're absolutely right, we need a white paper.
@_date: 2013-05-25 04:49:13
Today, yes. A court order served on Opencoin would do it. But as soon as the source is open and the network is distributed, that will be impossible. We recognize that this is a legitimate risk and it's one of the reasons we designed the system to be distributed and not require any central authorities. If you personally see this as a significant risk that exceeds the benefits you would get, then you should definitely hold off on adopting Ripple.
@_date: 2013-05-22 08:54:59
Same with hammers, right? Noobs are going to have sore thumbs? You can make this same argument about any new powerful technology. Heck, this argument was made against Bitcoin -- people will get hacked, etc.
@_date: 2013-04-24 22:00:09
I honestly don't think "fairly distributed monetary units" is a coherent concept. People create things. Then they own them. They trade them with other people for whatever they feel is mutually beneficial. I don't think it's useful to argue over whether the resulting distribution is "fair" or not.
@_date: 2013-05-22 09:13:55
It's not another link, those links are already there. When you buy Bitcoins at an exchange for USD, you exchange USD for a USD IOU from the exchange. You then exchange that USD IOU for a Bitcoin IOU from the exchange. You can then withdraw that Bitcoin IOU from the exchange as a real Bitcoin. But if you might want to trade it again, you can leave it as an IOU at the exchange.
@_date: 2013-04-18 21:21:23
The wallet name is case-neutralized and then "added" to your password. If your name is "Jack" and your password is "2reaper9", effectively the decryption key has the same security as  "jack:2reaper9". This is clearly less secure than "jack.anderson:2reaper9", which would result if your wallet name was "Jack.Anderson".
@_date: 2013-05-06 09:14:31
Every ledger is public. OpenCoin's validators sign every ledger just as all validators do. Each ledger contains the hash of the previous ledger, forming a chain.
Each ledger also includes all the transactions that turned the previous ledger into that ledger along with the specific changes each transaction made to the ledger.
There is simply no way we could take away anyone's Ripples. If we did, there would be a ledger (signed by us) with their ripples in it and then a ledger (signed by us) without them. There would be no transaction signed by the user justifying the change. That would make the subsequent ledger invalid.
Ripple, like Bitcoin, requires a signed transaction to justify any changes.
@_date: 2013-05-25 20:50:46
Long before that happens, the network will be distributed and transaction fees will be set by consensus. Raising transaction fees would reduce adoption of Ripple as a payment system, it would be extremely foolish to try to force people to buy XRP that way.
@_date: 2013-02-12 15:22:11
Cross-posted from my post on the Ripple forum. Here are the consequences of extending trust:
If you extend, say, 50 USD trust to someone, you may wind up with them owing you up to $50. This can occur in cases where you would otherwise be owed $50 by a gateway. So if you have no settlement agreement with them, you may wind up with $50 in IOUs you cannot use for anything instead of $50 you can cash out or pay to almost anyone.
The two key cases are this:
1) You offer something for sale, either in the Ripple network (such as other currencies) or outside it. Anyone who needs to pay you $50 can pay you by making that person owe you $50. You've agreed to accept his debt as payment. So if you sell a graphics card or some bitcoins, you may wind up with an IOU you can't do much with instead of the cash you expected.
2) Someone can ripple through you, giving you the IOUs of the person you agreed to accept and taking your gateway IOUs. You've declared the person you agreed to trust as equal to the gateway, so you are supposed to be indifferent to which IOUs you have. So if you deposit $50 with a gateway intending to use it to buy bitcoins, you may find that they've turned into non-gateway IOUs that you can't use to do much of anything.
Remember, unless you have a settlement agreement, if you extend trust to someone, you are agreeing to treat their debt as if it was cash, up to some limit.
@_date: 2013-05-25 20:47:36
Every ledger is signed by every validator. Every ledger and transaction is validated. Every transaction is signed by its issuer and is included in a ledger with a "delta" showing what changes it made in the ledger. While we could engage in malfeasance today, it would be trivial to demonstrate that malfeasance. If we, say, reduced someone's balance, there would be one ledger (signed by us) with the original balance and the next ledger (signed by us) with the reduced balance with no transaction justifying that change (or one not signed properly or the like).
@_date: 2013-02-21 04:36:30
The Bitcoin confirmation time is, was, and always will be ten minutes per confirmation because that's a design parameter or the Bitcoin system. 
Ripple "confirmations" are completely different in every way from Bitcoin confirmations. They're designed so that 95% of the time they're available in under 30 seconds. Transactions are bundled into a hash and confirmed as a group, so there's no reason the confirmation time would go up with the number of transactions. It will go up with the geographical distribution of validating nodes because of propagation delay.
@_date: 2013-10-14 10:05:34
I love how they mention what percent of merchants it is but don't mention what percent of payments, revenues, or volume it is. My bet is that the other three numbers are a lot more than .1 percent.
@_date: 2013-05-26 00:06:13
If you're running a server that tracks the network, there's negligible additional cost to running a validator. It's basically just an additional few crypto operations to sign proposals and validations.
The incentive to run a server is that it's basically the only way to assure yourself reliable access to the Ripple network. Otherwise, you're relying on someone else to provide you that access, and they may cut you off if you put unreasonable load on their server. (Presumably, they'll run servers open to the public expecting to provide access to a large number of clients, not a small number of heavy users.) 
By running your own server, relaying, and so on, you cooperate with everyone else who wants a reliable connection into the Ripple network. They won't cut you off because they'll equally be cutting themselves off. So we expect arbitragers, gateways, and market makers to run servers.
There are two basic additional incentives to specifically run a validator. One is that a robust group of validators distributed throughout the globe helps to ensure that the Ripple network continues to operate fairly rather than being dominated by some particular interest. Second, validators decide on changes to the network's operating rules. So we expect people to run validators both because they have an interest in ensuring the network operates reliably and to help protect their own interests in supporting any good proposed changes and opposing any bad proposed changes.
@_date: 2013-02-20 02:10:31
You can only owe money to people who have agreed to allow you to owe them money. You cannot force someone to accept your IOUs as money.
@_date: 2013-05-22 09:12:24
When you decide they are completely worthless, you write them off by paying them back to their issuer. It's basically the same way you'd redeem them, except the parts outside the network presumably won't happen.
@_date: 2013-08-14 19:33:13
Deflation doesn't encourage saving rather than spending. If a currency is deflationary, people will rather hold that currency than goods. That means people who hold goods will be more motivated to sell them.
Similarly, it is often said that inflation encourages spending, the logic being that you don't want to hold money because it is dropping in value. But that is also false. In order to spend money, you have to make someone else hold money. If money is inflating, people are less willing to trade goods for money, thus making it harder to buy things.
It perfectly cancels out. And the common sense explanation for why is that inflation and deflation both affect everyone equally -- if a car is worth more to me than to you in terms of utility, then I'll buy that car from you no matter what the currency is doing, for an amount of currency we both value somewhere between the utility of the car to you and the utility of the car to me.
@_date: 2013-05-16 06:40:20
About $263 right now.
@_date: 2013-05-25 04:45:11
Maybe in some distant future, but not any time soon. The vast majority of the people in the world who could be using Ripple or Bitcoin have never heard of either. We have a lot of work getting mainstream traction before it makes any sense to fight each other over users -- if it ever does.
For quite some time, the number one and number two currencies on Ripple will be US dollars and Bitcoins. Every merchant that accepts Ripple payments will be one more place you can spend Bitcoins.
Unless XRP turns out to be significantly superior to Bitcoin, people will use Ripple to hold, buy, and sell Bitcoin. And if XRP and Ripple does turn out to be a superior competitor to Bitcoin, then Bitcoin deserves to lose. I don't see it that way, but it seems awfully tempting to explain the small number of people preaching hysterical hate that way.