@_author: sk8fr33k
@_date: 2019-01-31 15:01:59
“Which completely debunks that btc is bad for the environment imo”
Now if that isn’t a generalized statement then I don’t know what is. Maybe you should retake an english class.
Also I didn’t call you a soccer mom because you have a kid, I called you a soccer mom because of the self entitlement and egocentricity that your statements show. Also men can be unbearably annoying parents too. 
@_date: 2019-01-31 14:08:54
Yes, because how it is where you are from in the UK is entirely representative of the rest of the world. You sound like one of those entitled moms that always want to complain to the manager.
@_date: 2016-10-02 12:47:51
I'm not american and frankly I don't follow your elections that close to know enough to make such a list but let me just point out 2 things on yours. The point race is not accurate, iirc trump is the one making it an issue, trying to get rid of mexicans, trying to ban muslims from the country, even trying to discredit obama saying he wasn't from the US. Then the fact with violent supporters, even on the otherside of the ocean we have heard news of whag trump supporters have done at ralleys and if you don't know about that then you are purposely trying to be ignorant. I can understand that hillary is less than ideal but coming from germany, I can't help but be reminded of our own history when seein you guys vote for trump. He has said things that are jepordizing the whole structure of peace in the modern world with the NATO as the counterforce to russia. You might live far away from russia but all of trumps ignorance and loud mouthing is damaging the stability of the our world. Voting for a man that seems to disregards peace and human rights is a big mistake, a mistake we have done before and many other countries are doing again right now. If the US should do that to to a far more extreme extent than they uses to under presidents like bush, well to be frank, I fear for the world.
@_date: 2016-10-02 11:41:55
The point is that you can make a similar list with different points that make it seem like the exact opposite. Both candidates have huge problems but this comparison is entirely unfair.