@_author: skafi
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:35:47
I'm neither an ardent supporter of Bitcoin or Dogecoin, but I do find the world of cryptocurrencies fascinating.
The idea that a deflationary currency encourages hoarding is Economics 101. It works at both the theoretical/logical level (if the money will be worth more tomorrow, I have less incentive to spend it today) and at the empirical level (the velocity of money has tended to decrease under deflation).
It's not a hard and fast rule that deflation leads to hoarding, only that there is certainly a relationship there. There are many other factors at play that could mitigate or exacerbate hoarding.
A currency with deflationary tendencies isn't destined for the grave though - gold is an obvious example. Gold has value at an individual level, but not to society as a whole. For all intents and purposes, it has ceased to be a currency but still retains value that (admittedly subjectively determined) exceeds its usefulness as a consumable good. People don't buy gold to use in wiring electronics, they buy gold to hold it. If it was not inherently and unavoidably deflationary, this would probably not be the case.
There is value to currencies that have both deflationary and inflationary tendencies. Time will tell what society prefers. My guess is slight inflation will be preferable, as it is today. Again, this doesn't mean Bitcoin's value cannot increase at an even greater rate than competitors who have inflationary schedules. It only means that it probably makes it more difficult to ultimately function as a currency the way USD, Euros, Yen, etc. function today.
@_date: 2014-05-31 14:56:27


This escalated pretty quickly...I agree that we will never be able to isolate the factors of cause and effect. It affects the validity of our predictions, but it doesn't make them useless.
I do hope Bitcoin succeeds as well, or some form of cryptocurrency at least. Can you or anyone else point me to more extensive discussion on pros/cons of deflation of Bitcoin (or other digital currencies)? I'd be interested in reading through it.