@_author: skeletonruined
@_date: 2018-05-18 19:51:27
Can you enter in satoshis instead of full BTC? Then rounding won't be an issue, since satoshis are indivisible.
@_date: 2018-03-13 22:16:53
You are correct and most of the replies so far are confused. If a merchant wants to receive on lightning and has no desire to spend on lightning, then a hub would need to lock up funds in the channel in order to create it, and the hub cannot use those funds for anything else.
However, I don't think the cost of the locked up funds would be very high, so it would probably still be cheap for the merchant to get such a channel.
Say the time value of the hub's funds is something like 2% per year. You are a merchant who wants to open a channel to receive one month's income, and settle to blockchain once per month. Then the time value lost to the hub is only 2%/year = 0.17%/month.
Paying less than half a percent on the channel funds plus two on-chain transaction fees per month is probably cheaper than always using on-chain transactions. It's definitely cheaper than 3% for accepting credit cards.
Also, I suspect that some lightning hubs would give merchants decent starter channels for free. It is *strongly* in the business interest of a lightning hub to have merchants connected, otherwise they would have no users and no transactions. If the hub expects to make their money back in transaction fees from your customers, then there's no reason for them to charge you for the channel (especially if there are many competing hubs). You would probably have to go through some verification so they know you are a legit merchant to get this type of offer, though.
@_date: 2018-03-11 17:44:56
You can send a transaction to someone else locally (Bluetooth, HDD transfer, etc), but they can't verify that it's not a double spend. This is the Hard Problem that Bitcoin solves, and it requires a blockchain. If you don't have an internet connection to download blocks, you can't trustlessly receive Bitcoin. And if you have to completely trust whoever is sending you the coins, you're probably better off with a paper IOU or something.
@_date: 2018-03-06 01:26:58
You can put all the blocks on a disk drive as long as you keep the rest of the files (especially the chainstate folder) on your SSD.