@_author: skepticalempiricist
@_date: 2014-11-27 14:55:18
I'm reminded of that old chestnut that Scottish banknotes aren't legal tender in England. If something is not legal tender, that does *not* mean that it is some sort of "illegal" tender which nobody is allowed to use.


So, if a Canadian crosses the border, s/he should be arrested as a terrorist for carrying currency that isn't legal tender in the US?
*Perhaps*, Ken can wriggle his way out of this. Using, buying, and selling Bitcoin in the US is legal. But perhaps *mining* BTC in the US is illegal.


There is a followup issue here. If the Marshals auction BTC which was mined in the US, what does that tell us? I guess if somebody is in court for "Coining(mining) non-US-dollar currencies(Bitcoin) in the US", then can defend themselves by pointing to the sale, by the US Marshalls, of such BTC.
TLDR: A currency can never be illegal. But buying it could. Or selling it. Or mining it. Or counterfeiting it. Or possessing it. Or some combination of those. (Verbs are illegal, not nouns).
@_date: 2014-03-06 13:02:18
Don't laugh. Their offices and hardware might be worth something. Even the brand might be worth something in the Bitcoin world (maybe not as an exchange, but as something else?).
It doesn't have to be rehabilitated "as is", with all the debts it has now.
@_date: 2014-04-07 17:43:48
It doesn't work for me, keeps saying invalid username and password. I'm certain it's correct.
@_date: 2014-11-08 19:06:58
I think the real issue here is whether or not the government will be able to extract taxes in any form, dollar or bitcoin. With fiat currencies, they have a pretty good idea who is earning what and they can levy taxes accordingly. The banks' power rests solely on  They can even order the banks to transfer unpaid taxes directly to the taxman if needed.
But if most transactions happen "under the radar" so to speak, only on the blockchain, then the government won't be able to implement progressive taxation. They'll just have to implement a poll tax, ordering everyone to pay $50,000 per annum or whatever, with prison for those who don't comply.
Of course, many will be unable to comply and it could get really really nasty. ~~Eventually, the government could fail to exist.~~
*On the other hand*, there may be greater transparency than ever! Stores could be required to publish a single bitcoin address and receive payments only to that address. Not only would the taxman then be able to observe much economic activity, but the public could directly see everything also. It would be much less private, but I think it'd be a good thing if everyone could see the incomes of all businesses.
Anyway, I guess the real story is just how difficult it is to predict things with such a (potentially) disruptive technology. I *think* Bitcoin could have some really nasty consequences, hence I'm stocking up on them as an insurance policy.
@_date: 2014-11-27 15:59:33
Incorrect, according to 


This is relatively well known.
Your comment is a perfect example of the bad ideas that can spread when people don't appreciate the distinction between verbs (actions) and nouns (things).
If I, in Scotland, want to buy a newspaper and I offer some Euro to the shopkeeper, then they might tell me to go to hell. Equally, they might choose  to accept it, and neither the shopkeeper nor I are criminals for this mutually-agreed trade. Same goes for dollars, or any other currency you please.
No currency is illegal in any country, as far as I'm aware, for mutually-agreed trades.
But the concept of 'legal tender' is special. Euros are not legal tender in Scotland, but then again, nor are Scottish pounds!
If I eat a meal in a restaurant in Scotland, I then owe money to the restaurant. Imagine I offer dollars to the restaurant owner. Are they required to accept dollars as payment? Of course not. (They are not *required* to accept them, but they can choose to accept them if they want).
So, they don't have to accept dollars. They don't have to accept euros. *They don't have to accept Scottish notes*.
(Read that page. The phrase 'legal tender' doesn't mean much anyway, especially not in Scotland. But it is an interesting issue. )
@_date: 2014-11-27 16:10:00
Paracetemol isn't illegal.
Or is it?
(This might seem like a stupid question.)
Possessing and consuming paracetemol is definitely legal.
Manufacturing or selling it is (presumably?) illegal unless you have the correct licences.
If you inadvertently buy paracetemol from somebody who was not allowed to sell it, or from somebody who was not allowed to manufacture it, then you (as a purchaser) are probably perfectly safe from the law. You bought it, as a consumer, in good faith. Your paracetomol isn't illegal.
As various states are making marijuana more legal, you might find again that some verbs are more illegal than others.
What does it even mean to say that "cocaine is illegal"? Possession, consumption, sale, manufacture? Why stop there? Why not say it's illegal to lend a friend money to take a taxi, where you suspect he might consume cocaine at that party? Verbs are needed for clarity - what *actions* are illegal
@_date: 2014-11-08 23:00:35
It wouldn't be hard for the taxman to catch the business doing this. An agent of the tax office could just try to make a purchase and check what address the business requests payment to. I remember vaguely that some Asian country (Thailand?) gives a free lottery entry on every receipt on every purchase made. Customers therefore ask for their receipt and the business therefore has to declare more income. That's the kind of approach that might be needed for governments to remain relevant in the future.
@_date: 2013-09-01 11:12:20
Why does the issue of inflation/deflation cause so much excitement in the Bitcoin community?  There is a certain type of Bitcoin fan that just wants to believe that Bitcoin is perfect for everything everywhere and has no flaws.
I'm not going to argue here that is has any particular flaw, I don't really care any more.  But please everybody, stop arguing that it's *perfect*.
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:11:20
It's arbitrary, but it's not really *known*.  The intention is that there will be 21 million Bitcoins.  Let's assume that BTC replaces gold as a store of value.  But it mightn't actually *be* 21 million.
If some people thought/knew that 20 million of the BTC had been permanently lost, then that leaves only 1 million that actually store all the value.  So the value of a single BTC multiplies 21-fold is everyone realizes/believes the number of BTC is 1 million, not 21 million.
@_date: 2013-04-10 13:58:42
Let's try other scenarios - sorry for not giving up :-)
Let's consider gold instead of BTC.  If a huge, easily-accessible, gold mine is discovered that has more gold in it that has been mined by humanity so far, then the price of gold would plummet.
Another possibility is that I buy up half of the world's gold.  This would drive the gold price up and then I sit on it for a few years.  Then imagine that I *secretly* destroy my gold, perhaps grinding it into dust and spreading it all over the world's ocean.  This action will have no effect.  But then I announce that I have destroyed it, with relevant proof.  That announcement would drive the price up a bit more.
In fact, I think the announcement would have a bigger effect than my original spending spree where I bought the gold.  Thoughts?
Therefore, there is a difference between gold (or BTC) being kept out of circulation for a long time and it being credibly and permanently destroyed.
@_date: 2013-08-10 15:26:55
SHA256 isn't the issue, it's the digital signatures.  If I can crack the digital signature, then I can transfer everyone's Bitcoins to myself.
SHA256 is just to make mining hard.  But the digital signatures are ~~the only thing~~ stopping instant theft of all Bitcoins.
The good news is that Bitcoin doesn't use the most vulnerable form of signature.  RSA is under attack here, but the elliptic curve cryptography used in Bitcoin is much safer (we hope).
EDIT: Thanks to throckmortonsign, I'm reminded that it's even safer.  A bitcoin address is a hash of the public key, so even if we can crack ECC, we're still somewhat safe.
@_date: 2013-04-10 13:32:53
But if USD is lost, it will eventually cause the government to print more.
If the rate at which USD is lost were to increase (gradually), the central bank would notice the decrease in inflation and would print more USD in response.
But there is no such rule in BTC.  I think there should be a rule which allows BTC to be reclaimed if it hasn't been used in, say, 10 years.
@_date: 2013-06-25 12:08:53
That graph is a bit dodgy.  On the top left you see that the y-axis goes up to 100 Trillion, when it should be just 1 Trillion.
It doesn't inspire confidence in the accuracy of the figures :-)
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:31:21
Regardless of the law, there is an ethical issue which might cause MtGox users to be worried about MtGox.
MtGox developers could use information to personally enrich themselves on other exchanges.  Similarly, MtGox employees could act in concert on the other exchanges in such a way as to damage those exchanges and benefit MtGox.
I would expect that:
- MtGox itself (as opposed to its employees) should have a policy of never dealing on other exchanges (except in a very transparent manner).
- MtGox employees can act as 'normal' users on other exchanges, buying Bitcoin when they need to make a 'normal' purchase in the 'real' world of items that are denominated in BTC.
- But MtGox employees should *not* have large stocks of BTC and $ in any exchange with a view to aggressively trading.  i.e. their Volume should be low.
EDIT: to make my first bullet point more readable.
@_date: 2013-09-01 11:06:31
Just change a few lines of code in the client, I believe.  It would be a bit frustrating at first, because there is so much other software written around Bitcoin, and they would all have to be changed.
If most people agreed that it needed to be done, it wouldn't be too controversial to agree how to do it exactly.
@_date: 2013-06-24 07:14:07


Not true, sorry.  There are no physical assets behind the bank ledgers, and nor are they behind the transactions.  In the past, there was gold, but not any more.  Now, when you "borrow money" from a bank, they simply write it down in 
And the coins and paper that we still use do really not constitute a physical asset any more either.  As we move towards a cashless society, the fiat currency system will still work.  Nobody will be asking "where are the coins and notes that back this up?"
In fact, coins and notes are a pretty small part of the fiat system at the moment - only a small fraction of money is in the form of coins and notes.
The fiat system is already remarkably similar to the fiat system.  The only real difference is that fiat currencies allow a country to control the rate at which new money is created and to control where that new money goes.
@_date: 2013-04-09 12:58:37
Define a "lost" bitcoin.  Maybe there should be a rule that, if an output isn't spent for 10 years then it can be claimed by the next successful miner.
@_date: 2013-04-16 20:37:13
On the desktop, clicking on the wallet address could download a small file with the relevant MIME type, which then opens up your wallet appropriately.  In the same way as a torrent file opens up in your torrent software.
Maybe there could then be a bitcoin: protocol recognized by browsers.  Again, think of the way magnet: links work in browsers today, taking you directly to your torrent software.
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:16:35
Yep.  It's hard to know what a good threshold is.  20 years, 100 years?  I don't want a situation where 90% of the BTC hasn't been traded for a long time and nobody knows how much of it has been lost.
@_date: 2013-05-22 15:09:51
Agree.  But it's slightly more subtle


I wouldn't trust anyone with a gold receipt either.  The difference with Bitcoin is that it's much more convenient to carry your own Bitcoin that it is to carry all your gold in your pocket.
But on the issue of trust, I don't think I even 'trust' myself!  If I had a lot of BTC, then I would be paranoid about losing it or having it stolen.  Perhaps some people would prefer to have their bank hold their BTC than to hold it themselves.
When the bank holds your BTC for you, you can then get the bank to make your purchases for you using a 'green' address, leading to instant confirmation if the merchant trusts your bank.
So, yes, we could easily find ourselves in a situation where there is a lot of fractional-reserve banking.  It would still be different from conventional currencies in some important ways though - therefore I don't consider this possibility to be a problem for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-06-25 14:34:48
Oh yeah.  It's even worse than I thought!  At first I thought it was linear for the first three values, and then the last point was an error.
But really, all the numbers on the y-axis just don't make sense.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:30:45
Me too.


I emailed them yesterday and asked about this.  I made the mistake of transferring EUR from an Irish bank to the polish account.  Anyway, I too am curious about the state of that bank.  I haven't recieved a response yet.  (I initially emailed because I was curious about exchange rates and so on, before the problems.)
@_date: 2013-08-20 12:32:55
Initially, I thought it was a bit silly too, but I've grown to like the idea.
As I understand it, PPcoin uses this to implement a 5% interest rate.  You might also call this an inflation rate.  It applies to everybody -- everybody gets the same interest rate as long as they do some mining.  So if you have, say, 1% of the stock of currency then you will continue to have 1% of the stock of currency.  So there isn't a problem where the rich get richer at a faster rate than anybody else.
(At this stage, I'd really like a relevant expert to step in here.  I think PPcoin has two different types of mined block: a Proof-of-Work block identical to the standard Bitcoin block, and also a Proof-of-Stake block which is easy to mine but ~~which requires lots of~~ where the payout is proportional to your existing stock of (old) currency.
But my description above implied there was just one kind of block, where difficult was a function of your currency.  Therefore, I'm being a bit contradictory.)
As I understand it, the goal was to come up with a system which made it difficult for somebody to swoop in with lots of processing power and steal the network.  As a side effect, this system introduces interest/inflation.  But inflation in cryptocurrency is an interesting topic in its own right.
@_date: 2013-06-23 20:22:31
Yep.  When fiat money changes hands, the banks simply update their ledger.  This is the same as Bitcoin's blockchain.  Although fiat cash is an exception, in that the physical token is transferred.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:02:50




But what's the relevance of this statement?  If/when a Wall Street bank opens a Bitcoin exchange, your argument will be shown to be irrelevant.
'Decentralized' does not necessarily mean that it's impossible to build a robust exchange.
@_date: 2013-04-13 11:26:45
The technology problem is easy (sort of), it just takes money.  But who's going to own or manage this entity, in order to gain our trust?
There should be an exchange set up as a cooperative owned by traders in BitCoin.  Set it up in a transparent manner, with a board elected by the traders, and with a CEO brought in with relevant experience.  Everything about a BitCoin exchange can be, and should be, transparent.
My understanding is that many modern financial institutions, such as stock exchanges and brokerage firms, began as cooperatives owned by their employees+customers.
@_date: 2013-07-18 07:46:57


So he might dump about half of it?  That's still good news for those of us who want the price to fall first so we can stock up :-)
@_date: 2013-04-09 15:24:51
Consider the following example:  Imagine today that I own 10.5 million BTC, which is the majority of those mined so far.   I do nothing over the next 20 years, and the laws of supply and demand set the price as usual.
Then suddenly, in 2033, I sell all 10.5 million of my BTC.  The price will plummet.  Eventually though (hopefully), the $ price will stabilise to approximately half of the pre-selloff price.  My sudden reintroduction of 10 million BTC has doubled the monetary base.
@_date: 2013-04-14 02:02:55
TL;DR We'll hit 'peak difficulty' long before 2140.
When we do move to a system where transactions fees are more important than generations (and this could happen well before 2140), I think the processing power on the Bitcoin network will decrease.  And this will be a good thing - I don't want to see all the Earth's computation turned over to Bitcoin.  The transaction fee will always be very low, it will always drop to the price of including a few kilobytes in the log - there will always be miners keen to accept pretty much any non-zero transaction fee.  This will be a pretty small cost and therefore there won't be too much incentive to try to compute.
We don't need billions of computers desperately hashing, just to gather transaction fees.  It will be sufficient to have a few million hobbyists handling over a small portion of their CPU to a pool, keeping the 'big guys' honest, and maybe the big banks will have big mining rigs.
@_date: 2013-04-10 15:33:15
OK, let's slow down a bit.  I'm not saying there is a problem due to a lack of 'discrete' bitcoins.  I understand that very well.
I'm talking about the value of 1BTC.  The value is a function of many things.  I'm saying that the market value of 1BTC will increase if somebody hoards a lot of them, and that it will increase further if they are credibly destroyed/lost.
Today 1BTC is 'just' one small fraction of the BTC base.  But if everybody else loses their wallets, then the owner of the last 1BTC is suddenly very rich.
@_date: 2013-07-05 00:00:37
Yeah.  Google knows to show Bitcoin posts to people that are already into Bitcoin.  So that the Bitcoin fans don't notice the censorship.
@_date: 2013-06-25 13:00:23


I made a good point.  The particular figure you gave didn't inspire confidence.  I was entitled to be skeptical.  That CNN link is more interesting though, thanks for that.
@_date: 2013-08-20 10:00:54


It has been implemented.  It's the Proof-Of-Stake concept that's in coins such as PPCoin.
Warning: I'm far from expert on it, maybe I'm wrong.
The idea is, I think, that blocks can be created by a combination of processing power and also by having lots of the cryptocurrency.  If you can prove you hold a lot of the currency, then the effective difficulty for you is lower.  The transaction involves you destroying your existing currency, and then being allowed to regenerate it with a little bit of 'interest'.  The interest you get is a function of how much currency you have, *and how long you have held it*.  If you have lots of currency for a long time, then the difficulty will be low for you.
This means that you can't just come out of nowhere with lots of processing power, you also need to first buy/mine lots of the currency.
Of course, this doesn't make it impossible for outsiders to take control, but it should make it more difficult.
@_date: 2013-04-13 11:10:26
This is the worst week ever ;-)  I want the 'real' world to ignore BitCoin for a little longer so I can build up my stock of BTC :-)
Let's talk it down to $2 again, so that I can buy BTC off the noobs that jumped on last week!