@_author: skgoa
@_date: 2014-04-14 07:54:53
And most people recognise that we should speak out against those who push "get rich quick via stocks", why shouldn't we also speak out against the btc hypers? 
@_date: 2014-04-15 06:48:17
Wat. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 10:58:18
I can think of quite a few possible ways to earn money online, without age figuring into it at all. E.g. creating content on YouTube et.al. or doing microjobs on fiverr et.al. - really, when you have as much free time as a kid has, there is lots of ways to make some cash. 
And the kid will learn much more about entrepreneurship and how a business works than by just gambling on virtual money.
@_date: 2013-11-29 12:21:47


And this is exactly the fallacy people are trying to warn everyone about. No, you are not investing in something that will have a tangible value down the line. Nobody cares how many Coins you own, they will simply buy the appropriate amount of coins right when they need them. There is no functional difference between BTC being at $10 or $1000. Which means that any price that is higher than whatever *real capital* it takes to mine more coins at that very moment is fueled only by speculation.
It's a gamble. You can make lots of money like in any other form of gambling. Those who took a chance early on did make huge sums of money. (Well, at least on paper. Getting that much money out of the system is completely different - and currently unsolved - issue.) But you should not decieve yourself into thinking that there is an actual value behind BTC. You are gambling only on *other speculator's* notion of what the "value" of BTC will be in the future. You are betting that someone else will buy into the scheme later down the line.
I won't claim that it's unlikely that there will be such people who buy into it late. There always are, because people are greedy and stupid. So yes, the "value" of BTC will rise continue to rise for as long as the hype is strong, which probably means weeks or even months. The only question is: *when will a high enough fraction of even those people realize what's going on and start selling?* Because then the bubble bursts and everyone who didn't get out before that happens is going to lose lots of their money. All bubbles burst eventually, always keep that in mind. Reap short-term profits and diversify. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 10:47:17
Thing is, in this case they are perfectly reasonable. Speculating on Bitcoin is a ponzi scheme, just one that doesn't have a single person guiding it. You can make huge profits by buying into it early(er) and finding someone else to sell to for a higher price later down the line. And since the course is so volatile (due to there being no tangible value at all behind it) you can also get a great margin by daytrading.
But it is not, has never been and will never be an actual investment. The chinese are currently keeping the price high, because they simply take any offer that is significantly below the market. But there is absolutely no guarantee that this will stay that way or, more importantly, that they will continue to inflate the price the way they did recently. 
Any intelligent parent should tell their child to stay out of it. It's pure gambling at this point.
@_date: 2013-12-02 09:25:59


Oh GAWD, please don't believe that! It's entirely possible, I would even say it's likelely to happen at some point. 


No. It is likely to go up some more right now, because new people are still buying in. But that doesn't mean that the risk of the bubble bursting any moment isn't there. 
OP, you have commited a logical fallacy, namely a "false dychotomy." I.e. you (seem to) believe that it's an either/or thing with only two extremes. Wild fluctuations are pretty normal for Bitcoin, they have happened when it was at $10, at $100 and now they are happening at $1000+. That it didn't crash now doesn't mean that it can't. You sold because you thought the course dipping down *could only mean* that it was inevitably crashing. Now you regret that, because you think that the course going up again *can only mean* that it can ever crash. But that's not how the real world works. 
I personally know people who bought into Bitcoin recently due to the hype. They lost lots of money, the highest loss was €2300. Don't follow the market! Think about how you are going to react to whatever the market might do. *Have a strategy and stick to it.*
@_date: 2013-11-29 12:03:02


The problem is that you just claim that without giving any proof whatsoever. You say it must be so, when everything points to there not being any way to even know what will happen. What value is "appropriate" for a make-believe currency that is currently being bought into by massive numbers of speculators? Yes, it's likely that it will continue to go up for a while, purely because there is another wave of hype right now and people's greed is often stronger than their understanding of finance and markets. But it's also very likely that the price won't rise *much* higher and that it will actually *fall* much lower. The question is *when*.
It's not a problem to me, I wouldn't touch BTC with a ten-foot pole right now. But it's sad that so many people are buying into the hype and getting in at the current prices, because those people are most probably gambling their money away.
@_date: 2013-11-29 12:24:23
downright poetic.
@_date: 2013-11-29 11:47:41
But Bitcoins are (almost) infinitely divisible and you don't even need to own any physical coins to use it to pay for stuff. Widespread adoption won't change anything, since people can just buy a fraction of a BTC, send it somewhere and the recipient can cash out practically immediately. That's how "real" users behave already. The system is completely agnostic of both the current total amount of BTC and whatever a single coin costs. It's just a medium to transport value over the internet. The bubble is comepletely seperate from that. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 10:30:18
You really think that puny little setup will get you anywhere? It won't even recoup your ~$100-$150. Right now, mining is only profitable if you have lots of unused compute power *and* cheap electricity - or if you build a dedicated warehous scale computer in, say, China.