@_author: skip2lou2
@_date: 2015-07-20 06:17:42
I don't know which Paxful.com homepage you're looking at, but the one I see has THIS written in all caps:




IOW, I'm not about to be bamboozled by their story of "we're taking phone calls". As if that differs from the following:
I go buy a majority stake in LocalBitcoinz.com. As majority shareholders, me and you post an ad on the site we literally just registered 8 months ago. My phone number is there, as is yours, just like on LocalBitcoins.com. Boom! We're taking phone calls. Right? Now we're swamped because it's just us two shareholders. Thanfully this Backpage thing started to happen, so we had an emotionally appealing angle from which to spam our business onto Reddit, which MUST be incredibly new, as the site itself was only registered 8 months ago.
Now someone gets burned using your website not eight months after you register it, and it's definitely because of that campaign you launched on Reddit, because you truly *were* the only ones taking phone calls, right?
Do you refund OP? If not, why not?
@_date: 2015-07-20 06:27:56
OP lost $300, and it doesn't sound like it was a small amount to him.
Marketing may be all around us, but this was a marketing campaign that quite clearly targeted neophyte traders. For no other reason aside from believing he was helping Bitcoin, and not this company Paxful.com which extracts profits off of users like OP, did OP succomb to undue financial burden.
Presumably, Paxful.com profited far more than $300 from this marketing promotion. If they're serious about making amends, they should refund OP in full, and just not ask any questions. They should admit that what they've done so far is brazen: in their "apology" to OP, that they will not be bringing OP into the black, they promise to you guessed it: do MORE marketing on Reddit. Holy shit, they should refund OP.
@_date: 2015-07-20 05:39:45


Quoting OP:


Was OP made aware of the fact that BTC gift card trading involves very high levels of fraud? This is one of those areas of the internet that is *widely* known to be seedy in almost every Bitcoin businessman's acumen.
Did Paxful make a concerted effort on to attract traders of all levels of experience towards its own commercial ends?
Did Paxful profit a multiple or at least significantly more than OP lost, which is estimated at $300?
Does Paxful believe $300 is *not much* money to the OP?
How much would OP have had to lose before a legal injunction became likely?
Paxful is profiting off of this type of user, and is making a concerted effort to market itself on Reddit, this is demonstrably the case.
Companies are about producing a profit for the shareholders, and are typically filled with executives who have a way with words.
Another way of saying this is: money talks, bullshit walks. If Paxful wants to redeem relations with OP, who was victimized on their platform due to a systematic effect of their marketing on Reddit, shouldn't they refund OP in full for his losses?


That sounds *incredibly* harsh on their part. Who *would* recognize this as a scam, OP? Without knowing the intricacies of Amazon gift card trading, you're almost assuredly a neophyte trader with little to no experience? Were you not *directly* encouraged to do what you did, by Paxful? To a scammer, you were an obvious, low hanging fruit, and this Paxful company at the end of the day cared more about making money off your efforts than it did about refunding you. They cared less about your own protection, both financially and legally speaking, than making money hand over fist. If that doesn't deserve a $300 refund, *I don't know what does*.
@_date: 2015-07-20 00:48:35
just like farmers can hedge with e.g. corn futures and options, big Bitcoin accepting merchants could be doing the same with BTC
would need to happen with smart contracts so that DNMs could do it without any KYC/AML
when you never need any personally identifiable information to make sales, and you can hedge risk for steady profits all without any govt meddling, that's when you get a truly closed loop Bitcoin economy
@_date: 2015-07-20 06:04:50
Do you see LBC making the rounds on Reddit?
Neither do I, because they don't. Ever. Paxful saw the Backpage PR as an opportunity to attract traders, and is apparently making public plans to continue doing so. I'm not opposed to companies profiting, but LBC has never come even close to this level of a clear and blatant, centralized PR effort. The difference is black and white.
@_date: 2015-07-20 02:24:45
mega retailers like AMZN and OSTK are, without question, sophisticated enough to trade futures and options. It may require more resources, but if they truly believed in Bitcoin and the liquidity and trustlessness was there, they'd hopefully do what's right
@_date: 2015-07-20 02:22:35
"The Backpage Effect" was nothing but a clever marketing stunt on the part of Paxful. They're just being smarter than their competitors to make up some emotionally appealing story, "oh we're taking phone calls help us you guise this totally will make us all happier and healthier (and not make our company more profits)". They said everything they needed to say to harness some external news story to bring in loads of clueless noobs into their money making enterprise. Mission accomplished.