@_author: skitrel
@_date: 2011-06-16 06:05:05
The concept is far more complex than is possible to explain to you in simple attention deficit sized chunks. If you do not understand my argument you can not offer a counter argument since almost all arguments or responses are addressed by the video.
The time you would otherwise spend arguing with me if I were to engage you in an argument here the responses would become pages in length and you would invest more than 45 minutes of your time anyway.
Be thankful I didn't tell you to read The Selfish Gene before watching the video to have a more thorough understanding of the genetic argument.


This again is a belief born out of ignorance and misunderstanding.
@_date: 2011-06-15 20:40:20
There is no need to incentivise humans to cooperate. It is a fact that cooperative behaviour always wins in a mixed society, not every acts selfishly or deceptively in society. There are those that do act cooperatively. Because of this fact cooperative strategies always beat deceptive or selfish ones.
Go watch Richard Dawkins' Nice Guys Finish First. He wrote the book "The Selfish Gene" that basically created this belief that selfish behaviour is the best and that we are in fact naturally selfish. It will probably change the way you and every other person that believes selfish behaviour is a better life strategy. The reality is that selfish behaviour "appears" to be a better strategy because it does give big visual returns in certain instances, overall however, when properly compared over all instances where both are employed, selfish behaviour loses because it gets fucked over by others employing selfish behaviour while the cooperative double up and do far better.
@_date: 2011-06-15 23:38:10
No I'm not, I'm speaking very much on the here and now. You decided to argue without actually watching the cited video didn't you?
@_date: 2015-02-13 00:00:57
When people recognise patterns in finance they cease to be patterns due to attempts to take advantage of them changing the pattern.
There are no guarantees.
@_date: 2013-05-04 12:50:10
I'm not saying they're not different, just that the source of the beginning of this rise isn't the cctv video.
Additionally, with Mt Gox not offering Chinese language options I would there might be a long term rise in the market at the cost of extreme volatility as Mt Gox loses market share to the Chinese exchange.
There's a lot of possibilities here. Sticking with my graphs, as someone else said, news is dangerous.
@_date: 2013-05-14 21:09:08
Trading on probability statistics such as MACD, %r and stochastic is even more reliable.
The fun thing about the news is, things like China get hyped as MASSIVE and do nothing, then other things actually do cause movement when unexpected.
Be fearful when others are greedy, be greedy when others are fearful.
@_date: 2013-05-04 16:44:46
I mod and even **I** think this is a little tinfoil hat.
@_date: 2013-05-04 05:30:39
Did anyone buy one? Doesn't look like it. 8 left was probably an attempt at making them appear to be moving.
Watch out for people making fake machines to show off in pictures and cams, it's not a lot of work to make an empty box that hummms and has lights and wires on it now that we know what a working model looks like.
I wouldn't even consider buying one.
@_date: 2013-11-20 18:30:23
Why? I understand the opinion, it's been stated by others. I'm still waiting for someone to actually give some reasoning behind the opinion, perhaps some evidence too.
I'm willing to discuss the pros and cons, no one seems to be doing anything other than disagreeing without justifying their beliefs.
@_date: 2013-04-27 11:30:24
No one's been messing with it. Simple wikipedia is a prefix for explainlikeimfive versions of wikipedia articles.
I quite like:
@_date: 2013-05-05 17:35:01
Does it have an escrow? It appears not to.
Honestly, I really think services like this NEED a built in escrow feature. I have done and paid for many jobs via freelancer.com and even WITH an escrow it's a bloody nightmare.
I wouldn't pay anyone to do anything without an escrow, the first service like this that actually has an escrow will become dominant as people flock to it. I can particularly imagine that blackhat SEOs, hackers and the like would love a service like this.
@_date: 2013-11-24 02:37:01
Kid is out, no money for soda. Calls mom:
"Mom, I don't have any money but want a soda"
"Send me the address for it"
Soda falls out of machine.
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:46:26
It's not just that, it's brand association. Branson's whole brand image (of himself) revolves around appearing hip and up to date but a multi millionaire that can be human too.
Bitcoin conforms pretty strongly to his personal brand's image, associating himself with it is also about reinforcing that image.
@_date: 2013-11-24 03:09:54


No, it isn't. There are many problems without answers yet. If a country cuts off bitcoin transactions, or accidentally gets disconnected, it will cause 2 bitcoin currencies, a fork in the blockchain. People will be able to cross the border and double spend inside and outside of that split network. This can happen both deliberately and by accident, such as via the many undersea cables getting damaged, like in 2008 and 2010.
If those networks get re-merged, every transaction on the smaller side of the split becomes null and void, that will piss off a LOT of people and create widespread bad press and lack of trust in the technology. If one catastrophic failure unplanned for can occur, people will be asking themselves what else might happen.
This is one issue we know about. There are likely other issues we do not know about.
This is why everyone always reminds people that virtual currency is the future, but it might not be Bitcoin. We do not yet know.


Umm. Firstly. That's not how economics works. Secondly. If bitcoin falls to that value then the entire supply of bitcoin will be worth a total of less than $1. That's useless.
@_date: 2013-05-04 16:57:39
Hi, I'm back 15 hours later.
I was right.
By the looks of it, this is going to continue trending upwards with small downspikes for at least another 15 points, then things might change drastically. Then the region of 130-140 is potential cliff territory. Then there'll be some rebound anti-head-n-shoulders, probably, but maybe not, stochastics to be followed heavily through that period.
Fun stuff. 40% up in 24 hours.
@_date: 2013-11-20 23:15:04
By **guessing** where the high and where the low is.
I stress guessing because you are essentially gambling. Absolutely nobody can predict the market with certainty, especially this market. There are people who are good at it and there are people who are bad at it. 
For there to be winners in day trading there are also losers.
Essentially what day trading comes down to is guessing when others are going to sell their bitcoin before they sell their bitcoin, then guessing when others are going to buy bitcoin before they buy bitcoin. It is a game of guesswork played against others playing the same game.
There are many ways to attempt to predict the market, none are foolproof, and they never will be. It only takes one big seller to manipulate a huge fall or large rise, and you can not predict when that 1 big seller will do his work. It will remain gambling until this risk disappears with far greater volume of real bitcoin usage for purchasing products and services as opposed to market speculation.
@_date: 2013-11-24 13:41:46
The same situation that's occurred with China's firewall for decades. It isn't hard to lock traffic or types of traffic from leaving a country when you control telecoms.
The same situation that occurred with India going offline (to other countries) when the submarine cables went down.
The same situation that occurred with Egypt going offline when the submarine cables went down.
@_date: 2013-05-02 23:21:39
Of your meaningless attempt to delegitimise my points by attacking an age you HOPE is low enough for you to judge as beneath you?
The moment someone asks for another person's age is the moment they've demonstrated they're the immature person in the exchange. My points are perfectly legitimate regardless of whether or not I am 26, I could be 16, I would still be showing you how wrong your assessment is.
Focus on the points in a person's debate points, not on the person, the person is irrelevant, only the actual strengths and weaknesses of their argument matter.
This conversation has past any potential hope it had of being constructive, try not to derail your next discussion by attacking a person instead of the points they actually make. Don't expect further response.
@_date: 2013-05-15 06:35:34
Stop using IE
@_date: 2013-05-04 11:29:21
To have cash one must be using a bank account, or dodging the tax man. Either way that cash you have is absolutely attached to your identity in some way, recorded as at some point owned by you, unless of course you haven't processed it through a bank account, and that the person giving it to you hasn't processed it out of a bank account and through ledgers stating it was given to you for purposes of their tax. Etc etc. That information that went through bank accounts is then passed on to the creditors, the insurance folk, and so on and so forth, information outside of your control. Note I said "complete control". I won't start on the government's ability to at-will devalue the cash in your hand entirely outside of any decision making by the currency holders.
All not at all an issue with bitcoin. 
@_date: 2013-11-15 00:30:49
The issue with this analogy is that people will then say.
"Sure, and lockpicks can't be blamed for crimes either"
The problem is that law on this tool (lockpicks) varies wildly from state to state and country to country. Here in the UK you're fine if you have it in your home, but if found on your person outside your home means possession presumes intent (burglary) and you will be arrested.
They will want to close the gaps in order to make Bitcoin more crime conscious, and there is plenty of precedent to argue the "it's just a tool" issue.
If you really wanted to get divisive this is the exact same argument used in gun debates, that guns don't kill people, people kill people. I don't want to stir that pot or direct conversation onto that topic, I merely want to demonstrate a situation where the same argument is used that is widely disagreed and contentious, worldwide.
There is a TONNE of debate to be had on this topic as Bitcoin grows further. My point here is that the tool argument isn't strong enough, it doesn't convince people enough worldwide, better arguments are necessary in order to fight Bitcoin's corner against the coming tides of legislation debate.
@_date: 2013-11-21 23:43:14
Yeah. My current belief is that once these coins go back into circulation it won't result in a drop, it'll result in a bear trap followed by a very excited climb as people try to get some cheaper coins, a rocket climb caused by those that don't realise what's going on and just want to ride the upwards climb, followed by a large drop as people slice off the top for profit.
Then you'll see the usual oscillation of volatile trading in the wake of "wtf is going on?" activity, which will taper off to a point with an unpredictable breakout up or down as per usual.
Ultimately, I'd guess at it looking a lot like what happened a few days ago -- 24 hours of unusually higher than normal volatility caused by a higher volume of speculator trading tapering off to a point as speculator trading volume slowly dies down as excitement/energy wanes, that kind of pattern occurs with predictability because you get a tonne more people staring at the market all night/day but inevitably having to sleep at some point, so the energy and momentum naturally drops off as bit by bit people that jumped on board for the exciting thing happening get themselves some sleep.
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:17:35
I do not disagree.
I think a useful discussion to be had is if/when they do attempt to plug gaps that bother them, taxes and crime, what legislative "solutions" will they propose?
If the community anticipates what is inevitably coming then it is ready to stop it. Proactive is better than reactive.
@_date: 2013-05-14 19:46:58
Do they have permission to be using the Queen's image? Strikes me as something that would be quite illegal in any of Britain's territories, however casual the relationship with the commonwealth might be.
@_date: 2013-11-24 17:10:25
You seem to fail to understand that all of those methods take time, and the brain is split immediately. It's too late as soon as a complete disconnection has occurred. Such disconnections have occurred in the past, you're naive to think they won't occur in the future.
It is no good being reactive after it has happened. You don't seem to understand how the problem of brain splitting essentially creates two different bitcoin currencies. You suggesting remerging them afterwards with an external update brought in, as mentioned previously, that will null and void every single transaction that has occurred within the smaller network.
@_date: 2013-11-18 09:59:49
If you buy a sandwich with dollars or you buy a sandwich with Bitcoin, you're still paying the same amount of value for that sandwich right?
With this logic, everything you spend in dollars is also money you are spending that otherwise isn't increasing in value like bitcoin. But I bet you're still buying food, a guy has to eat.
With that said, if you're going to buy something anyway, there is absolutely no reason you shouldn't buy it with bitcoin if you're going to buy it with fiat. It's still the same amount of bitcoin "growth value" lost either way.
@_date: 2013-05-04 06:11:42
Orbot is awesome. Regardless of whether you're using TOR for the anonymity however, complete control is yours.
@_date: 2013-04-26 08:37:28
3 for 3 is only a 1in8 chance. It's perfectly reasonable to get lucky at 12% odds.
When they've nailed 20 in 30 I'll start suggesting they've got a positive pattern going, otherwise people should be wary. Potentially good source for thoughts, but don't bet your pay on something without testing a pattern first.
I'd be more interested in seeing they've done better than 60% of predictions in 100 possible outcomes than I am in seeing they're absolutely perfect in just 3.
@_date: 2013-05-05 16:03:54
Well, it's a downside for businesses because they'll have a greater workload.
It'll probably happen in some way or other though, for countries as a whole it makes complete sense and would be a benefit to every country, right now as it stands the vast majority of online international purchases dodge customs/duty taxes, except when packages are randomly caught. Australia being the odd one out because I believe Australia check absolutely everything coming into the country, correct me if I'm wrong though, I might be.
Either way, we can oppose it, but it's going to have international support at the governmental level worldwide because it'll address a rising problem online purchases have caused, money leaving the country without the customs/duty tax.
@_date: 2013-11-18 17:47:54
Downloaded clients really isn't a good measure of penetration at all. People download things multiple times, they have multiple systems, multiple locations with multiple systems, and people get new systems and have to put things on the new systems.
These figures are quite over generous because they assume 1 download equals 1 unique user, it doesn't, I've downloaded the client probably 10 times.
@_date: 2013-11-15 01:44:10
Who are you and what are your credentials that make you capable of the things you say you will do?
@_date: 2013-05-05 15:57:09
Ah. Well I don't recall fully. Makes sense.
@_date: 2013-05-04 17:39:50
Because the tories, now of all times, when they know full well that their success or failure at the next election at this moment in time rides on the changes to their budget, aren't in the middle of doing anything that would have deliberate negative economical effects.
They aren't in the process of political suicide to the pub party to further a worst case scenario conspiracy for bitcoin fans.
Your speculation requires a jump in logic without requisite evidence. The assumption that it would in some way benefit Cameron, who quite honestly is a snake in the grass who'll do anything to cling to power for another term. Including taking on UKiP's policies to eliminate them as a competitor, which is anti globalisation and a nearer logical leap.
@_date: 2013-06-02 14:34:58
I think it's a pretty generic design actually. Take a look at webhosting services and you'll see this kind of thing almost copy pasted from site to site. It's boring, doesn't draw you to anything in particular and makes me want to click the x straight away. In a word, I find it bland.
Besides that, design isn't really something I care about when it comes to a trading site, reliability and volume are the important points, not a misguided attempt at being pretty.
@_date: 2013-05-04 00:44:42
Will precede a rise, this is bitcoin - there's no such thing as levelling off. If it levels off it'll either dip more or rise more, 10 21 EMA is on the cusp of switching to a rise at H1 though, so it's more likely to be on the rise than to continue the downward trend after this level off.
@_date: 2013-11-18 05:32:35


Surprised the relentless to the moon delirious propaganda crowd in here are letting this one slide. Not that you're wrong, this is just the first time I've seen any comment with this point not get downvoted awfully by people who don't accept there's going to be a correction soon.
If it doesn't happen soon I bet the Christmas cash out will cause it.
@_date: 2013-11-24 13:51:34
The title does. A steward**ess** is female, a steward is male.
@_date: 2013-11-15 16:43:44


As the market reaches a more average consumer that will only increase. What other audience or product markets have died out as a result of the lack of critical thinking their consumer market had? Off the top of my head, I can not think of a single one.
I would argue that your statement is just as exaggerated and kneejerk as the side that are under the belief this would happen at the protocol level.
There is a definitive threat here and treating it with respect is completely necessary. Threats like this are only a small step on the road to what any government would want, nip things in the bud.
Bitcoin is however not about to die just because a few in its market are teenage drama queens. Such a statement is just as melodramatic.
@_date: 2013-11-18 19:47:16
15mins 8pm UK
@_date: 2013-11-21 21:08:52
You can practice trading without actually putting money on the line. Just run an imaginary account and calculate slippage at time of sale.
Thing this doesn't account for is the emotion that comes into play when doing it with real money.
@_date: 2013-06-02 14:47:40
Umm. "contributor"? You make it sound like firefox.
Of course I knew of their *involvement*, they started the project, everyone that has ever looked into the most basic information about tor knows this.
I do not however understand why you're making such a ridiculous comparison. The purposes of TOR are obvious - to provide safe anonymous transmission that can't be intercepted and discerned by a middle man. The motivations of the military to have such a thing is quite obvious.
Why you'd compare banks supporting bitcoin to that is beyond me. Justify by explaining WHY the banks would be motivated to support bitcoin as opposed to making a like for not-like comparison.
The banks won't support bitcoin because it'll take power away from them because it'll take power away from governments. Taxation systems can not function under bitcoin because taxation systems can not function with a centralised currency. The banks have huge influence over governments as a result of their huge control of currencies.
In short, if bitcoin goes the distance it damages fiat to the point that governments no longer have power. Without money a government has no budget, without a budget a government has no means to control anything in any of its structure. A government immediately becomes nothing when it has no means to enforce taxation because it has no control over currency.
You think banks, with all their influence and power as a result of their industry, would support something that will directly hurt those that they gain the vast majority of their power from - governments.
That's just illogical thinking.
@_date: 2013-04-29 15:34:04
Citation needed.
I'd argue that cannabis remains illegal in each individual country for the same reasons it remains illegal in America.
Up until the very recent spike in popularity and support for new legislation from the public politicians have been scared of touching the topic. Not because of political pressure but because hot button topics are REALLY easy for your opposing competitors to rally voters against you on.
Until the public quite clearly shows that taking such a stance for new drug legislation would be beneficial rather than negative for a politician they won't take a stance behind it.
I think it's absolutely pretentious to think that the US has such influence at a small scale constituent politician level. Joe Bloggs local MP for the tiny town of middle-of-nowhere-farmland United Kingdom doesn't give a fuck what the US thinks of his political decisions, he'll back what he likes provided voters won't go against him for it, and I'd argue the same for every EU country, and aside from some city districts the majority of governments are made up of those town politicians.
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:37:21
Trading on news is the quickest way to lose your money.
@_date: 2013-11-15 01:12:30
Brain typo. I meant transaction fee, not interest.
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:18:37
Of course it's inevitable. There's nothing stopping anyone from building an external system to track things.
The point is that such an external system will be entirely useless when they recognise that absolutely everything goes through crime at some point or another. Just about all that COULD be worthwhile is wallet blacklisting, but it's not like criminals are going to use wallets more than once in that case.
It's all ultimately pointless.
EDIT: A better method to move forwards with is probably to eliminate tumblers under money laundering laws. Tracking the coins and wallets used by tumblers can probably eliminate both usage of tumblers and the possibility of running tumblers. There might be legislation that would need to be created for that, I see that as a debate that would be hard fought and accepted by many not involved with using them. With that said, they'd also have to regulate the personal sales of bitcoins for cash in hand too in order to eliminate easy laundering entirely.
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:13:43


No they don't.
Incorrect information is dangerous.
@_date: 2013-11-21 00:18:32
Depends on your location really, I see a lot of Americans using both of those, Gox has the largest volume but there's a strong contingent here that are very anti gox because it takes weeks to withdraw dollars from them. Despite that it's still the market people use to discuss the dollar price of bitcoin over in @_date: 2013-05-04 08:19:11
It'll be killed.
Heck, the reason the bitcoin ATM only traded with themselves during demonstration is probably down to the legal issues surrounding making bitcoin a physical item. They don't want to take the risk until fully nailing down their legal position.
@_date: 2013-11-22 16:04:52
An emergency system that recognises when coins are in the jurisdiction of a certain part of the node network and freezes coin transactions on the minority network if and when a significant quantity of the network suddenly becomes disconnected? I don't know really.
This would allow the majority network to continue while keeping the minority network safe from double spending and making transactions that would later get nullified causing lost coins.
Obviously NOT losing connectivity would be preferable through multiple satellite access. Just a few nodes strikes me as dangerous, that area of the network might become susceptible an exploit if say 1 entity or a group of entities collaborated with complete control of the very few nodes that might keep online connectivity, but it IS better than nothing.
A freezing mechanism would however be quite complex I fear and potentially infeasible anyway. It would however be quite a deterrent against a government suddenly cutting off outside communication to deliberately cause this, it would cause uproar within the country and (at a later time if the ideal of significant portions of the population using bitcoin does occur) could cause serious economical effects within that country. Of course, this probably also has numerous possible exploitable issues as an idea in itself.
What we can hope for is that this does NOT occur and that world infrastructure improves to a point where it isn't something to worry about.
@_date: 2013-06-03 17:27:41
I've just realised the bitcoin logo doesn't use a font with uniform shaping, so the lower part of the B is fatter than the upper part. It looks weird to me now.
@_date: 2013-11-24 16:01:40
Completely useless without the means to do it implemented on a website selling you the goods.
The value can drop by hundreds in ten minutes. It's just not viable without instant transferral of the two.
@_date: 2013-06-01 13:05:05
I wasn't suggesting that it's not. The point is that it's superficial. It doesn't matter if $1.5bn is in Bitcoin, huge amounts more have been lost to business stock crashes. Bitcoin isn't even past the quantity of money in most known businesses yet, as a currency it's a tiny little baby that can quite easily be stamped on.
@_date: 2013-04-27 14:50:35
I never get these messages, I feel like I'm missing out.
@_date: 2013-04-26 22:12:51
Someone should really edit the simple wikipedia article. It's a little TOO simple right now...
@_date: 2013-11-22 12:27:39
At current I'm not aware of it being prepared at all, other than the larger split taking precedent.
It needs serious debate and thinking. If we avoid a split due to luck and such an event comes at a later date when much larger numbers of people get cut off it will be a very serious problem.
This kind of thing highlights one reason people like to remind everyone that bitcoin CAN collapse. An architecture issue or unnoticed bug could cause problems that sink it.
The future of bitcoin is by no means safe yet.
@_date: 2013-11-21 01:59:44
@_date: 2013-05-04 16:51:07
Will need to be sideloaded. Google won't allow it on the store because they won't want to come under fire from every country in the world that has legislated that ISPs block it.
@_date: 2013-11-15 23:19:22
No. Not really, that still kills all possibility of it working on any scale other than the black market, unless that's all you care about.
@_date: 2013-11-24 19:00:30
As long as people on both sides of the split don't cause mayhem, which of course they would.
Something as small as a 6 hour drop would enable people on both sides to find others on the opposite side to do millions worth of damage.
Just a few voided transactions is enough to eliminate confidence in the technology.
Every response you've made seems to ignore the issue with people here. It's the typical fingers in ears lalala not listening bitcoin is perfect nonsense. It's a serious issue that, when it occurs, which is a certainty, will result in millions of dollars worth in lost coins due to shysters on both sides.
You're also applying this in the sense of the network as it is now, as opposed to the potential size of the network in a year or two, when trillions are potentially flying around.
@_date: 2013-11-16 00:38:18
If the government makes it mandatory then NO business can accept bitcoin unless following it.
Any legislation will take derivatives into account, applying the legislation equally to them, eliminating the possibility of just making a fork.
Thus, the only application of anything that doesn't follow the mandatory legislated usage will be black market, because that market will not be following the law.
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:41:35
Everyone discussing it is the market.




To put your own statement succinctly - You say that bitcoin will die due to the stupidity of some in the discussion. I say this is a ridiculous kneejerk sensationalist statement.
@_date: 2013-05-04 03:24:35
Besides anonymity and the safety of your information? The political ideals behind bitcoin. Decentralised currency out of the specific control of any central authority.
@_date: 2013-05-04 05:24:53
This article reads like a horoscope, it's so incredibly vague that it's predictions are guaranteed to be correct.
@_date: 2013-05-04 17:02:58


Torrent traffic is up and hasn't declined at all in months. Is what you're saying anecdotal or actually based on something? Out of interest.. Just wondering whether you know of some stats I'm unaware of. Didn't it double in size last year?
@_date: 2013-05-04 12:19:10
3day period isn't really showing an upwards change yet though.
Keep an eye on it though.
@_date: 2013-11-15 01:39:08
There are plenty of more intelligent people taking part. I don't think I'm needed and reddit is my home, too much moderating in too many subs to leave. Besides, solutions to problems aren't necessarily my thing, picking something apart to find a problem however...
Ultimately there's rocky ground ahead for bitcoin. As the market grows politicians are eventually going to be forced into some very serious debates that end up determining the future of bitcoin.
I think we should expect legislation to mirror any analogies we find. In this case, if the tool argument is the strongest argument that Bitcoin can find then we should expect it to work as strongly as it works in other legislative issues. So, I would expect bitcoin to get widely different legislation in various countries and districts around the world.
With that said however, I'm also sure that the utilitarian aspects of bitcoin will provide a stronger argument than the tool argument. It's useful attributes far outweigh negatives, what I personally believe the bitcoin community should be doing is promoting the positivity of bitcoin LOUDLY. Positive arguments work enormously better than negative.
Branding is everything. Assailants are going to try and brand bitcoin as negative. By doing this then they will ultimately win in the court of public opinion, once you have people forming a negative emotion about something turning it around is very difficult.
When bitcoin comes up in any scenario there is always a timelimit on the things that can be talked about. A detractor will attempt to turn conversation into a discussion about a negative aspect. Ultimately a disagreement ends up taking center stage as a result. A better thing to do is to simply dismiss any attempt to argue with negative points, overwhelm people with positive ones and avoid talking about the negatives at all. In doing so time is better spent on positive emotion rather than anything contentious.
Ultimately this will have the effect of positive emotions being the first thing people have when seeing a bitcoin logo, rather than negative emotions from the crime debates. If public opinion as a whole views bitcoin positively then politicians can not do things that would harm it without people being upset about it.
@_date: 2013-05-04 09:17:41
That increase started on the 2nd 3rd and the chart doesn't even include any change that's occurred today. It doesn't demonstrate any change as a result of this particular bit of news at all.
@_date: 2013-11-22 15:10:57


To put it bluntly. While you can redirect traffic that itself takes a significant amount of time to propagate.
Further to this, while you can redirect traffic you are then putting an enormous atypical load on the cables that you redirect traffic to. In essence you can put too much traffic on the lines your redirect to making the redirect useless anyway.
You would be surprised at just how few cables there are in the world providing ESSENTIAL infrastructure: 
There are many places in the world where just a couple of boat anchors doing damage in a single day can entirely disconnect a country. Repair of these cables also takes considerable time, it's a highly specialised job, there are 20 boats worldwide that do the job.
Bear in mind, not all countries have cross border cable infrastructure over land. Egypt does not have particularly friendly neighbours for example. Many are in fact reliant on the submarine cables and those systems all taper down to a single cable made up of many cables en route to the land based connections. 2 faults can take a huge proportion of Egypt offline.
Consider if bitcoin were as large in every country as it is in the US. Now consider if the US went offline for 3 hours and then got back online, but every single trade within that 3 hours is labelled as if it didn't happen upon rejoining the network. The result? Complete and utter pandemonium. Millions of dollars in value are traded per hour right now, what happens when it's billions?
We would see faith in the safety of the currency collapse over night in that country due to the money lost by so many. We'd see an overnight collapse in value worldwide on account of the fear it would instill elsewhere and the quantity of negative press would be absolutely overwhelming. Trust would be incredibly hard to restore with any of the mainstream, the overriding question would be "what if there are other unseen/unplanned for architecture problems?"
While is wildly optimistic about the future, these kinds of problems are there. I have no doubt that we will have a virtual currency in the future, whether that is bitcoin however remains to be seen and this is why many consistently remind others to only invest what they can afford to lose, there are no certainties.
@_date: 2013-11-21 23:13:16
Better to learn you're bad at it in those early days with fake money than with your own money eh?
@_date: 2013-05-05 17:00:24
Laptops cost greatly more than equivalent desktops.
@_date: 2013-11-20 18:11:57


That's really to be decided as of yet. Statements like this are quite dangerous. Bitcoin CAN do well, but it also could collapse in a number of ways.
When this statement becomes true every financial institution in the world will have bitcoin holdings. There's good reason they do not yet.
@_date: 2013-11-14 00:56:48
No FAQ page, no about us, nothing at all that suggests trustworthiness.
I'm all for a service like this, I was making 40-60k/yr with various seo gigs until fake complaints from the enormous amount of russian/polish/indian/etc competition succeeded in getting fiverr to terminate my account. I've in fact been considering doing a variety of things on the black markets as there's definitely a market of people that want *certain* services ordered from behind anonymity. I may arguably have been the top earner on the entire site, at least during my time there. 
This needs a more presentable appearance on the reliability front before I'll be asking anyone to pay me through it though.
Fix the FAQ link. Do a good job of talking about yourselves, bitcoin, etc. The bitcoinfog clearnet site is a good example of this done right.
Fix the Privacy Policy link, it also 404s.
Fix the doubling up of links down there.
Disallow animated images of any sort if you don't want the entire site to look entirely unprofessional on account of absolutely everyone using the most obnoxious animated images possible because the goal of the image is to get attention.
Presentation is everything. If this is aiming for the long term, I'll be quite happy to repeatedly test anything, give feedback, etc.
That said, given this has been submitted with a throwaway reddit account and the owner appears to be aiming for anonymity also, I'm quite suspect of the reliability of this, but you know, I'd rather be optimistic.
@_date: 2013-05-15 18:37:13
FinCen directly called it a currency, so, as far as the law is concerned, yes it is.
@_date: 2013-05-04 00:59:23
Respectfully disagree. 100 is the new average, if it triple dips it'll come back and likely bounce between 70 and 140. I'll be surprised if it drops to 40-100. Either way I'll be up a good amount. Just not as much has hoped.
EDIT: 10 21 EMA at H1 is ridiculously close now, this is a turn around, bitcoin is volatile so it can't be expected to settle like average markets do. Watch it go up.
@_date: 2013-05-04 15:30:42
It was tied to the rest of the points regarding cash, which you chose to overlook. Specifically, you overlooked the clarifying statement that specifies circumstances specifically relevant to what you're saying.


You are now free to argue the semantics of me full stopping that first sentence and thus making them different clauses. Reality and intention differ, what I communicated was clear enough for a reasonable individual not out to nitpick.
@_date: 2013-11-19 00:24:11
Or he wants you to think that. It isn't hard to spell some things the British way instead of the American way to throw red herrings out there.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:37:00


I'm going to go ahead and say that bitcoin, being legitimised as a currency, is **cash or cash equivalent**.
As such, what you've quoted doesn't actually say that a gift of Bitcoin is allowed. It is no different to giving the senator a gift of £s instead of $s. The quote clearly says **other than**.
@_date: 2013-04-27 15:55:13
Which is precisely why they're not just keeping them to themselves, but selling them.
@_date: 2013-11-18 10:42:48


Well he was an ambitious fellow.
I see rather similar things flying around right now, the mood is in fact scarily similar to a lot of content back then.
@_date: 2013-11-20 23:47:57
Ah, well once you're in an exchange it is that fast, click click, done, though some fees apply.
When you sell from BTC to fiat your fiat remains in your exchange account until you withdraw it to your bank account. It's the bank account to the exchange and vice versa that takes time, everything is quick once you're on an exchange.
Recommendation isn't really to try and put fiat straight into an exchange. Everyone pretty much agrees that it's quicker to buy bitcoin from a person then to transfer your bitcoin to an exchange rather than try and transfer fiat into an exchange.
@_date: 2013-04-29 13:48:57
Canada made it illegal in 1923
The UK made it illegal in 1928.
It wasn't until 1937 that the US made it illegal.
This is what I'm talking about, people supporting it while not actually understanding the issue at all, making statements that don't draw the larger picture in any way at all. It damages credibility of the whole thing for people to be making such easily false statements, working from an angle that US is and always has been master and ruler of the world, that's just a couple of countries, there are many more that pulled the trigger on weed first.
So, clearly you're wrong, all those other countries didn't illegalise it because of political pressure from the US at all.
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:42:53
And if it dips back into the 4 range? What effect will the perception of bad luck potentially have?
I'm thinking not good, especially if it's a spike dip, China haven't been through a panic sell in the past. I can only imagine if this cultural bad luck number comes into effect a panic drop below 4000 could be a significant catalyst for the diving correction many believe is due this month.
@_date: 2013-05-04 02:32:39
Yup. Though, any predictions of the future of bitcoin are moot to be honest.
At the moment all they really care about is making sure it's not helping crime, which is why they want to bring money laundering legislation against it. It's not an offensive move to conspire in any way, it's just a move against crime.
As for it being dangerous to the banks, there's no evidence of that yet. It's POTENTIALLY dangerous, and it's something they'll keep an eye on, but only $1bn was traded in April. It's chump change for now and absolutely zero threat to them.
They'll be waiting to see what happens with it, they'll be waiting to see whether there are potential positive forces it could have for them. Ultimately they can't predict the future of bitcoin in any way just as much as we can't. Bitcoin's future is a cloud right now, a huge number of things could happen to make or break it.
One thing can be certain however, it'll never get "shut down" or simply go away. The market might decrease massively and only have a small subset of people using it, but it won't disappear unless it stops having a use or something better gets adopted by enough people that does the same use but better.
@_date: 2013-11-24 16:28:10
There have been many times that tor traffic from China has stopped altogether.
They control the communications satellites above their airspace.
Your focusing on China far too much here, when it was merely used as an example to demonstrate application.
@_date: 2013-05-06 20:43:28
In a downtrend this is correct. The wedge ends at 80. Whether we get there before a breakout remains to be seen though. This isn't done going down despite optimism of some buyers at the first sign of a resurgence, bull trap.
@_date: 2013-11-15 02:02:55
And that alleviates much, significantly much. Can you verify on site?
Just saying, with the number of things that come through here that can't be personally linked back to someone, I think it's important that, in the event of future donation sought(whether you intend to now or not) that people have a verifiable individual at the helm.
So many fingers burnt.
@_date: 2013-05-04 03:28:16
The same thing stopping Hollywood shutting down torrenting.
The Liberty Dollar was physical, it was shut down because it broke a law that already existed at the time of it's inception. That is not a precedent for the big bad government coming to shut down a currency, it's a government enforcing laws it already had in place.
In short, because bitcoin isn't physical it doesn't break any laws. If someone were to start handing out physically minted "coins" within the US intended to be used as currency as opposed to commodity then those companies doing so might have a problem, bitcoin itself won't have a problem though because it has no central authority or organisation, thus it has nothing to attack except the users, which will have to be reasons of usage, which will go down about as well as torrenting has gone down...
If news comes out that the government is actually making a concerted attack on bitcoin, I honestly suggest everyone buys after the initial panic dip. The reaction will be the streisand effect as occurs with ALL digitally decentralised things anyone has ever tried to stop - a massive, unimaginable rise in value as protest purchasing occurs.
@_date: 2013-05-05 14:25:55


That was when compared with roulette wasn't it? Which is quite true, it is better odds than roulette.
@_date: 2013-05-13 15:17:57
Viewed on a log scale which is the intended growth of bitcoin, it really isn't a bubble either.
@_date: 2013-11-15 00:06:51
In America maybe? Here in the UK your bank card can do the exact same things a credit card can except that the money comes directly out of your bank account. Nobody in their right mind would use a credit card when they actually have the money here, it's just paying extra in the form of interest.
The one exception to that would be if someone WANTED debt to pay off in order to improve their credit score.
@_date: 2013-11-20 22:18:39


I'll concede this one to an extent. However, there's numerous other issues afoot here, without regulation of what goes into products would you not say a disproportionate burden may be placed up the consumer to know what is in their product?
I mean, what's to say that a particular part of that product isn't properly tested and has something in it that can cause enormous health issues 30-40 years down the line?
With that said, I'll concede that competitive testing companies could arise, and product creators could then pay said testing companies for approval of their product, passing the price onto customer in form of safety label on product. But competition within something like this strikes me as dangerous, the company that makes the most money and gets the public eye could achieve a monopoly no?




All quality points. However, aren't roads inherently a monopoly? How does competition in a free market help road users? You're not going to get two roads alongside one another are you? That road users can then choose between the competition? What happens with infrastructure that needs to be built in areas that won't actually be profitable? Wouldn't the more sparsely populated and thus less profitable communities suffer?
I'd draw a comparison here with internet service provider competition as America currently has it. In many areas there's just one provider. And when there's just one provider, what are people supposed to do? There's no incentive to improve the prices, or the quality, and infrastructure costs too much for a competitor to enter the area.


Wouldn't you expect rogue trading to increase dramatically? People already get done in by cowboy builders regularly, at least they have legal recourse.
I'm starting to feel like a lot of these points rely on an idealistic idea that people would be educated enough to make these decisions. People aren't educated enough to not type "password" or "jesus" as their online password for various accounts, it seems like the most vulnerable due to ignorance would be put enormously at risk. What happens after they get screwed?


Do you think there might be an issue with a portion of the population that would not school their children? What happens to them? Do those children deserve to be harmed by the negligence of their parents? What authority oversees the care of such circumstances? Would there be any authority that parents send their children to school? Who pays for that authority? What happens with such negligent parents?
I really don't want to hear a "think of the children" dismissal of this issue, you can't talk about education without talking about children.


Who chooses the laws the police enforce? What happens if you're mugged in the street? Does the security agency turn a blind eye if you're not insured with them?
Assume that I gracefully concede any points I don't respond to because I don't see any issues with them. Not responding to them isn't intended to be rude or to pretend you didn't make a good point, I value the time you've taken.
@_date: 2013-11-15 18:39:20
For comparison it's $1500 for Google Glass. It definitely won't retail that much at widescale consumer release.
This is the cost of being an early adopter.
@_date: 2013-04-29 03:38:30
Given that this is a global subreddit what with the ideals of Bitcoin I think there needs to be more justification that blaming the PIC for drugs. Many countries don't have a prison industrial complex yet have a war and principle goal of limiting drug use as much as possible.
Based on other countries having the same goal without a prison industrial complex I'd go as far as to say it'd still be illegal for other reasons regardless of that particular problem. It contributes, but there is a larger picture.
I don't do drugs, I haven't for many many years. I am however supportive of better legislation for drugs. I don't think the campaigners for such things do themselves any favours when they try to paint half pictures though, finger pointing at the PIC in a far wider picture.
I am vastly more supportive of those that paint much larger pictures than focusing on contributing parts of an Us vs Them likeness.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:41:21


Not really.
At current getting money into and out of bitcoin is a nightmare. In fact, the best solution is localbitcoin.
Once an online solution that can do it in a short period of time becomes available in a country I would argue the citizens of that country would flock to it.
@_date: 2013-06-02 12:40:56
Banks. Useful entities. Hah... 
The stranglehold of the banks on countries and fiat will be broken by bitcoin, they're not going to support it when one of its very political goals is harming them.
@_date: 2013-05-04 18:00:02
Buffett is the champion of reliability in the long term. 
No matter what anyone says, bitcoin's success in the long term can NOT be predicted yet.
Until governmental positions become more solidified there is absolutely no reliable speculating on the future of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-22 00:07:09
While the NSA's budget isn't public estimates put it north of $10bn or even north of $20bn.
I find this kind of interesting as the combined budget of MI5, MI6 and GCHQ is £1.2bn.
What intrigues me is that all the leaks we've seen suggest that GCHQ does a lot more than the NSA, and presentations leaked also suggest that things the NSA have wanted to do have first been achieved and demonstrated as working in GCHQ labs.
So where is all the NSA money going if they're essentially not as good as or far reaching as GCHQ seem to be? Given that GCHQ has only PART of a budget you could estimate as less than a 10th of the NSA's budget.
@_date: 2013-11-22 11:20:38
Doesn't necessarily need someone to TRY to exploit it either. Some underwater cables damaged or at least severely limited online access to whole regions in the past: 
Things really need to be prepared for what I reckon is probably inevitable not through attempted exploit but through simple accident. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 09:52:40
As belief in a coming dive increases the size of the dive that will occur will increase. People wanting to get cheap coins will wait for a bottom out when it does occur, they won't buy on the dive, 250-300 seems a good estimate if it were to happen this week. I'd say the actual value things ought to be at right now is 300-400, if the logarithmic trend were to continue anyway.
To be honest, I'd like the logarithmic trend to die anyway. It's now tiring seeing the same graph over and over.
@_date: 2013-11-08 18:46:20
@_date: 2013-05-04 08:28:54
A couple of stories went out on British TV and didn't cause a rise, they caused more ups and downs, maybe, bit hard to read given it's always ups and downs anyway.. 
I wouldn't assume that it'll cause a guaranteed increase in value, and I certainly wouldn't place that bet against the potential for more Mt Gox negative news regarding the lawsuit.
Of further thought - Britain actually speaks English and Mt Gox doesn't have a Chinese language feature. I expect there won't be a noticeable effect.
@_date: 2013-05-04 10:24:31
Again though, downloads started their rise before this went out. Something else caused their rise, don't infer that this news piece is responsible or will be responsible for a meteoric rise in bit coin. But, I kind find the what?
@_date: 2013-11-22 18:38:38
Not as many as would be nice is it? With many countries having just 1 or 2 cables between them and complete disconnection, while places with many cables often share centralised locations which effectively narrows down point of potential failure to 2 to 3 places in some extremely important locations.
@_date: 2013-05-04 12:14:36
The location of your cash coming in is still a point of uncontrollable information.
@_date: 2013-05-06 23:16:28
Isn't that 3D art the same thing bitcoinmillionaire tipped a user $400 for? On this very subreddit?
Nice credit there fox.
@_date: 2013-11-15 01:55:50


Sure. That statement is true in so much as they can't stop it existing and they can't stop it from functioning at current.
With that said, bitcoin can be stopped from existing or succeeding as anything other than an illegal form of anonymous currency, simply by making it illegal to use in it's current format.
It's a real concern and if public opinion doesn't back bitcoin because of the overwhelming number of positives, then it is perfectly plausible for it to happen. As such I do back the spread the word of jesus approach, it's all about emotion, if a brand illicits a positive emotion then politicians will illicit a very ANGRY emotion when they try to harm it.
They're going to be quicker than SOPA in Bitcoin's lifespan compared to the internet. It's imperative that the community is prepared for it as a whole and understands how best to fight it.
@_date: 2013-06-01 01:41:25


Statements like this are superficial. The same can be said of hundreds of stocks and commodities, whether those gambling in all of those things are correct or not is to be decided by time and, for the most part, luck.
This is especially true of Bitcoin, nobody really has any concrete idea of where this will end up, merely that it has very high potential.
@_date: 2013-05-05 17:37:24
Fuck off bot. I didn't link to it because I didn't WANT to give them the SEO benefits of a link, they don't deserve it, there's better sites that provide better support.
@_date: 2013-05-15 07:27:29
How soon?
@_date: 2013-11-16 02:59:30
Detractors would prefer to take a route that kills a danger to them steathily rather than directly.
Of course you could take the direct route, but hiding it behind the guise of protecting the children and stopping the terrorists is far more effective.
It will be presented as not killing bitcoin but killing illegally used coins.
Presentation is everything when it comes to manipulating the political field. The banks and government have got it down to a fine art.
@_date: 2013-05-06 18:31:32
Deserved my upvote for making me laugh, this will be a fun thread.
@_date: 2013-11-21 23:11:24
Fortunately that's unlikely. They're also required by law not to sell them stupidly in such a manner that would not be to a reasonable value of the seized product.
It's been hypothesised that it's likely they will be slowly sold off on an exchange bit by bit to avoid enormous slippage caused by selling them all off at once.
Alternatively, they may auction them off without using any exchange. That wouldn't cause any market effect unless whoever buys them then sells them all off at once which I find unlikely given that it's reasonable to assume someone buying them would want to get the most return too.
@_date: 2013-05-04 05:55:45
Anonymity and complete control of your information?
@_date: 2013-05-06 10:07:44
How invested are you in Ripple exactly sittesreg?
You're borderline spamming.
@_date: 2013-11-24 13:46:09


That's not a solution for the problem with bitcoin, that's a solution to the problem with connectivity. It doesn't resolve the technical flaw in the way the network works, it's something that has to be carefully considered and redesigned in order to eliminate the ability to double spend or for the network to split WHEN such a scenario arises, it WILL arise at some point either by accident as we've seen in the past or by deliberate malicious activity by a government or group. If it's not resolved before it occurs it will do untold damage to the reputation and viability of this particular virtual currency.
@_date: 2013-11-18 13:50:15
For 3million you could probably poach a trio of devs from google with a skills and experience list the length of your arm(each) that will happily smash this out in a week looking fantastic, completely open source and decentralised, on specification.
Seriously. Having that much money to create a forum is ludicrous.
@_date: 2013-05-04 00:10:05
You're timing it right to buy if the trade goes through inside the next hour. It's trending upwards and looks set to go up for a few hours.