@_author: skkytsk
@_date: 2014-07-12 04:42:27
Farther down the page, I pointed out that you have moved the goalposts on this. Since you haven't replied, I guess that means you agree. But I forgot to mention the other hilarity from your post:


That is (and always has been) 100% bullshit. Every time you guys say this, I check the prices of ten random items (not the handful of examples you cherry pick, and I usually take them from your front page!) against Amazon. 
Usually what I find is that you sell one of those ten items for exactly the same price as Amazon and you sell the other nine items for *far* more than Amazon. I guess when you say this you are taking the general bitcoiner "don't want to fact check lest I'm proven wrong" attitude for granted and hope to God that your customers don't research prices at all.
If any BitcoinStore customers doubt me on this (or, more likely, think that because of my reputation here, that I'm completely full of shit), please price check what you're buying against Amazon and make your own decision from there.
And while we're speaking of BitcoinStore's hilarious information suppression, I'll talk for a bit about Roger's goal for the site. Back when the site first started, Roger stated that in order to keep the prices from rising, the site had to take in over $850,000 of orders every quarter so that Ingram Micro wouldn't shove BitcoinStore into a lower pricing tier.
Roger was so sure that the site would easily make that much money that he actually put a large timer front and center on BitcoinStore's front page along with the amount of sales. He managed to get about a third of that within the allotted time but somehow talked Ingram into letting that slide for another quarter.
So during the second quarter, when the deadline passed, the site was nowhere near hitting that number of sales. Afterward, months passed with the same timer still on the front page, even months after the listed deadline on the timer. After about six or seven months, Roger quietly removed the timer and never mentioned it again even though (until that point) he'd been so smug that he plastered that timer everywhere on the internet.
Unless Roger has been making up the millions of dollars of shortfall by paying Ingram directly from his own money, BitcoinStore is certainly in a much lower tier by now and there's no way you'll *ever* be able to offer anywhere near the same prices as Amazon.
You're still in business for now, but with those numbers you won't be for long. I'm sure when the time comes that Roger can't prop up the business anymore, you'll declare the site's closing as some type of victory, rather than the fact that Amazon took you guys to the cleaner regularly. That is about the level of your honesty.