@_author: skottbott
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:22:14
thank you so much for doing this! What an amazingly generous thing to do. &lt;3
I would like to nominate Students for Sensible Drug Policy (SSDP) for a bitcoin donation. Founded in 1998, SSDP is an international network of young people dedicated to ending the war on drugs. At its heart, SSDP is a grassroots organization, led by a student-run Board of Directors. 
SSDP creates change by bringing young people together and creating spaces for youths of all political and ideological stripes to have honest conversations about drug use and drug policy. SSDP is comprised of 5,000-plus members on hundreds of campuses in 27 countries around the globe and has 30,000-plus alumni all over the world, who work to end and reverse the lasting harms caused by the drug war and to promote harm reduction as a means of dealing with problematic drug use.
Over the course of the past two decades, SSDP has helped roll back changes to a provision in the Higher Education Act which led to hundreds of thousands of young people losing federal financial aid for low-level drug offenses, including simple possession. SSDP activists have been integral in helping to craft, author, lobby for, campaign for, and implement laws related to ending drug prohibition at the campus, local, state, and federal levels in the US and at the national level in several other countries. During the adult-use and medical cannabis legalization efforts in 2010, 2012, 2014, and 2016 SSDP student activists had upward of 100,000 voter interactions in person and over the phone.
Since the rise of the opioid crisis, in the U.S., SSDPers have helped enact life-saving medical amnesty policies on their campuses and pass overdose prevention laws in several states across the United States.  Abroad, SSDP has student activists on every inhabited continent on the planet who have worked together to ensure there is a truth-telling, youth presence at the United Nations, where SSDP participates in discussions as a non-governmental organization (NGO).  In short, SSDP is at the center of global youth organizing around ending the disastrous global war on drugs.
As a 501c3 non-profit entity, SSDP published an annual report highlighting their work: 
Bitcoin address: 1GEvB7ELsnQxntgqHzkTFx73MnMgQVJhSW
Website donation page: 
SSDP recently accepted its first cryptocurrency gift ever and hopes to receive many more!