@_author: skviiz
@_date: 2019-07-26 08:23:09
Banning private crypto won't stop people from using it and it is always going to be more desirable than centralized or even decentralized but transparent crypto. That's not a good situation, it will force people to break law if they want to keep their privacy and/or stay competitive. Dark markets will flourish. Much better option would be to accept private crypto to the mainstream, that way criminals won't have an edge over honest citizens, people keep their fundamental right to privacy and society can be designed to fit the surrounding world (e.g. prefer VAT over other taxes).
@_date: 2019-07-26 08:39:05
Bitcoin ATMs. Cash trades (like LocalBitcoins used to be, Hodl Hodl is an alternative). Bisq. Lots of sites including Bitstamp also accept credit cards. Nowadays it's easy to open an account with a different bank (doesn't even need to be a traditional bank, see virtual banking like TransferWise, N26 etc). Buy gift cards or virtual collectibles and trade them to crypto. Ask friends and colleagues. Mine yourself (doesn't have to be Bitcoin, you can mine something else and then convert to BTC). Sell your expertise for Bitcoin (art, graphics design, programming, translation services, content creation and so on).
Some of these are more trouble than others but trading services or goods to Bitcoin is amazing because then you're using it as a real currency. Even if you are only interested in it as an investment, real world adoption is the key to price appreciation. And if/when someone tries to maliciously attack Bitcoin by regulating the fiat ramps to death, peer to peer economy will be essential.
@_date: 2019-05-12 17:32:11
Well, you can keep bitcoins on any exchange, not just Robinhood. I would highly recommend to look at other options when you feel like it, with Robinhood you just gamble with the price and never own any bitcoins. If Bitcoin price moons, it's questionable whether they can pay you. And it's really unhealthy for the Bitcoin ecosystem as Bitcoin is a very scarce asset, if you buy real bitcoins you drive the price up, if everybody bought through Robinhood they can just give people unlimited amount of fake bitcoins and keep the price suppressed.
@_date: 2019-05-13 05:29:14
Weird, my experience has been pretty good. No problem with verification, their API usually works great. I haven't had to use their customer support though.
You can't go wrong with Bitstamp but Kraken seemed to be one of the few other exchanges reaching their level with a good selection of alts as well.
@_date: 2019-05-12 17:20:43
Kraken is great, I would highly recommend them.
@_date: 2019-05-13 05:17:36
Yeah true, that was the point of my comment yet I still managed to fuck my words up.