@_author: skyan486
@_date: 2018-06-18 18:42:43
I have used them many times over last 8 months both buying and selling and it has always worked well and the prices seemed good to. 
@_date: 2017-09-19 15:22:15
I have used BCB ATM. I did not pay close attention to the fees but my experience was not positive. I purchased some bit coins a few days before the fork - and nothing happened. No transaction pending confirmation appeared. Every time I have used a bitcoin ATM previously this has been immediate. I emailed and no response after 24 hours. I phoned the number on the receipt. Invalid number. I phoned the number on their website - invalid number. 
Eventually I found a working number. The guy said there had been issues but he would push the transaction through by the end of the day. End of the day nothing. End of next day nothing. The day after the fork had occurred the I received the bitcoin - but by this time the bitcoin cash that I should have also owned had the transaction been processed promptly was not mine. Obviously I complained about this and was told there was nothing they could do. I suggested they could send me the bitcoin cash component and even if they had to purchase this at the time it would have been cheaper then what they would loose in fees if I avoided their ATMs. Was fobbed off with 'this must be handled higher up' they will email me. 
They never actually have emailed me once I had always to phone them. It is my suspicion though that this is pretty much a one man band and I was speaking to the director.  After pressing the issue I was basically told they would do nothing about this. I will avoid their ATM's in future and they seem to have no basic business sense.  
@_date: 2017-09-19 15:37:17
And finally they seem to have added the mobile number I called from to their SMS information service without ever asking for my consent so I received texts about their offers and new sites - although no mention about how I stop the messages. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 08:03:21
"Halong Mining Is the First Bitcoin Mining Hardware Producer to Implement Overt AsicBoost"
Funny thing is the last I checked that overt AsicBoost feature was only usable with some bitcoin mining pools and no bitcoin cash mining pools.
If segwit loses ASICBOOST then how does this miner work with bitcoin anymore - something about this supposed segwit feature does not seem to make logical sense. 
Why do my S9's achieve the same hashrate with bitcoin and bitcoin cash if they use covert ASICBOOST which segwit loses?
It does not seem to make logical sense. What am I missing ?
@_date: 2018-04-28 08:22:13
Meanwhile Halong Mining have an overt AsicBoost feature which was only usable with some bitcoin mining pools the last time I checked. 
Why does an overt AsicBoost feature work with the segwit coin ?
@_date: 2018-04-28 07:36:07
First mistake is right there in there in the title. Its not BCash its Bitcoin Cash. 
The Bitcoin 'copycat' - ah no its called a fork when we are not in the playground.
I can only assume the rest of the article is equally as informative so I wont waste my time with it.