@_author: skyhighbangkok
@_date: 2018-01-25 04:11:37
what if Governments ban coins with privacy features that make transactions untraceable? Granted the coin could continue but how could it have widespread adoption if average people cant get their money back out.?
@_date: 2018-01-25 03:44:37
Have you ever Margin traded BTC?
@_date: 2018-01-24 11:52:47
Yeah that's it...thanks :)
@_date: 2018-01-24 09:11:36
Better than? Better then Cardano, Monero, NYC coin, DGB, DOGE, LISK, Burst, etc etc etc? The market cap of bitcoin is bigger then all ....yet....nothing but a drop in the bucket. If it can't be immediately moved, and immediately translated into something else...something else is going to come that will be able to do just that. Or maybe not. If I held  a bunch of bitcoins from the early days that I got for cheap, I would want bitcoin to simply go up and up in value, but what holds that value is not its limited number in existence.........what holds its value is the perception of the public of its value...just like gold...and if bitcoin drops in value it has less value...and could continue to drop.....as other coins gain the perception of value...am I wrong???? Personally I am waiting for the Manchester United Coin, Manchester city coin, Google coin, Starbucks coin, and Led Zepellin coin....all of which could eclipse bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-24 12:34:30
So I am to belive that no coin in existence or in the future can be developed that does not have scaling issues? Universal adoption will mean in everyones cell phone, being used daily, all the time, rapidly moved from one to another, back to any fiat. I believe that will happen. And coins will exist that hold value. Bitcoin is the biggest market cap but essentially hardly anyone uses it for anything at all based on population percentage. 
@_date: 2018-01-25 13:47:49
If anything your point, true or not, helps to make mine regarding the existence of centralized power.
@_date: 2018-01-25 11:55:46
If any other currency crypto, or Fiat exists in the world BTC will be compared to it. It would be an impossibility not to be. Fiat is not going to disappear. People still need to buy things with coin and paper in their hands, to deny this is simply to deny reality. The idea that its Fiat VS crypto is FALSE. Both will continue to exist. Further you seem to believe that Central Governments will not intervene in some way if they should decide. Centralized Power exists. It can block exchanges. This would not shut down a blockchain but it would cause failure of mass adoption of BTC or other coins. Governments ordering shutdowns of exchanges, use, corporate use, etc, are powerful tools. It can't be BTC against them , a time has to come in which the problems of money laundering, terrorist funding, drug purchases , and tax evasion and other problems are solved in conjunction with Governments.
@_date: 2018-04-28 00:43:46
I despair at comments made by those that toss an insult in the first line in an attempt to establish themselves as an expert. The decentralization of bitcoin is something that seems to be greatly in doubt. There are other coins far more decentralized. Never the less, while there are plenty of experts in bitcoin there seem to be few with 1. Solid understanding of how markets work 2. Solid understanding of economics, Bitcoin, requires people to actually buy in at ever increasing risk of continued growth based only on speculative value. At the same time bitcoin promises to become the primary currency of the world which would require price stability, which is the last thing speculators desire. If I am a large speculator...my risk becomes substantial, and the volatility perhaps too much, unless I can hedge to the downside, as more money goes into that kind of hedging big money manipulation enters the market....its one thing to speculate, but quite another if poor souls drop their last 20k into the market on hope. Bitcoin could remain trapped between fluctuations of 10 to 20k forever for all anyone knows.