@_author: skylrk
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:08:58
A lot of people seem to think that BTC-e is based in Bulgaria. Let me tell you that I have strong reasons to speculate that BTC-e was founded and is (to some extent) controlled by Mayzus. Same guy who owns companies Mayzus FS and Mayzus.com and liteforex.com and has a a share in instaforex.com (and some more retail Forex companies). Please note that most likely Mayzus is not directly running most companies, BTC-e could be a side effect of their operation that unexpectedly became legit revenue generating business.
This guy (Mayzus) has strong background in retail Forex business in Russia and is a minor political figure in some Russian region. His network spreads all over Europe and most of assets are probably concentrated in Cyprus and British Virgin Islands.
He is one of the reasons I don't really trust BTC-e. If you know anything about retail Forex industry you will understand.
But please note that this doesn't mean that if Russia outlaws crypto something will happen to BTC-e, I'm not saying that, I'm just saying that it's not really in Bulgaria. But it's in the hands of a man who operates businesses in many countries where it's illegal (retail Forex businesses in Asia).
EDIT: Please note that it doesn't matter where the company is registered, Bulgaria or not. Mayzus has presence in a lot of countries and jurisdictions due to their "retail Forex" businesses, in many countries those businesses are subject to regulations so they probably have some sort of legal team in many of them.
@_date: 2014-01-16 18:25:25
Country doesn't matter for BTC-e - provided I'm right and they are in the Mayzus companies circle, but I have strong grounds to assume so. Also I'm sure that Sergey Mayzus himself has little to do with the project, it's probably mostly coordinated by someone in his team, he's just major investor/owner.
@_date: 2014-01-16 17:31:13
Looks nice! Can't wait to get my hands on it. When you will let the beta testers in? I signed up to the list ;)
@_date: 2013-07-04 18:24:29
Your idea looks awesome! I could give some small usability suggestions if you are interested, PM ;)
And my wallet is  ;)