@_author: skyskipper22
@_date: 2019-11-05 03:28:59
I’ll take my total tax rate in USA over your prize tax rate any day
@_date: 2019-11-05 17:47:24
Ugh.  Replied to this once already but Reddit crapped out.  You make a great point here.
So, my mind always goes to this chart here: 
 [ 
This chart probably isn't the best, but total burden is more important than income burden because not all countries tax the same.  Some have high VAT, some have high property, etc.  Its even all over the map within the USA.  There are better resources here:  [  and your site is great too.
I think I would revise my statement a bit to say "I would take total burden in Aus or USA to Europe tax burden any day."  Taxes suck, especially because most governments have become so adept at hiding them from the average consumer.  In the USA, people don't think about their income tax burden - they think about whether or not they get a refund on their taxes.  Which is completely stupid, because its not like the government is giving them more money - its just returning your excess money that they collected.  
Plus, I'm married with kids so I get some tax benefits.  I also don't spend a lot and save a lot in retirement, so I get even more benefits.  My effective tax rate is around 8%, which is really hard for me to compare to other countries as I would need to know their tax codes.  But the full link of the site that you referenced ( [ ) shows that in a graph towards the bottom.
Thanks for the discussion.  I always enjoy a good tax talk.
@_date: 2019-11-05 17:35:01
My total tax rate in USA 2018 was around 8%.  I doubt it would be that low in Australia for the total tax rate, which is what I would have to pay in order to get a zero prize rate.  And I'd have to win a prize.
I know people in my area of the country that have better than zero percent.  If you have a job, with a low salary, and more than the average amount of kids, your tax credits can be more than your tax paid.  Of course, if we take into account those who don't have a job and live on the government dole, their tax rate is less than zero also.
@_date: 2019-11-15 06:44:30
I was merely pointing out it was possible to have a negative tax rate. Grow up.