@_author: slayer0606
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:48:21
The beginning of that fits perfectly.. ["what happened on the freeway yesterday"]( 
@_date: 2015-02-19 20:20:34
The talk is aimed at completely non-technical people at a social computing conference. 
@_date: 2015-02-20 01:50:23
So this is a basic transcript of what I plan to say. Trying to get the general idea across as simply as possible. The audience is a non-technical group of people. The name of the talk is "Cryptocurrency creation and transaction verification" and I'm aiming to provide a peek at how the distributed network works for someone new to bitcoin. Some of the lists I make are just shorthand for what I'll say, and I expand on a few of the points more than what's in this document. I'm just looking for any glaring inaccuracies in the facts. Thanks for taking some time to look it over. Here is how it starts after I introduce myself:
So What is bitcoin?
Bitcoin is a concept first described in a white paper published in 2008 by a person or group under the pseudonym “Satoshi Nakamoto”. Several people have been possibly identified at Nakamoto, but no one has come forth and verified those claims.
1.	Bitcoin is a digital cryptocurrency.
Bitcoin is a digital currency that allows people to exchange an agreed upon value. Bitcoins are transferred directly from person to person through the internet. The “crypto” portion of Cryptocurrency refers to the mathematical functions that are used to create, secure, and trade them.
2.	Bitcoin is decentralized. 
Bitcoin is operated by a distributed computing network actually run by the users themselves. There’s no federal reserve creating new coins or banks to store them. Bitcoin is a true example of the power of social computing. 
3.	Bitcoin is open source.
Which means anyone can look at the code the network is running and review it. There are no secret backdoors to the bitcoin network for anyone to access.
4.	Bitcoin is anonymous.
Bitcoin “wallets” are represented by a string of numbers, and are not tied to any real world information about their owner. When a bitcoin transaction occurs, the public can see the transaction amount and which wallet it was traded from/to, but no personal information is shared.
Why use bitcoin?
1.	Decentralized. No international transaction problems, trading currencies, exchange rates.
2.	Independent value to other economies
3.	No trading fees currently, little in the future.
4.	You control the currency; wallet file on your computer.
5.	Millions of people have access to the internet but no stable form of banking
Bitcoin adoption has steadily been increasing. Currently you can buy items for bitcoin at TigerDirect or Overstock.com, and just today the payment processing company Stripe started allowing companies to accept Bitcoin through their service.
How does Bitcoin work? 
First, you must understand that there are no actual bitcoins, only rebcords of bitcoin transactions that have taken place. The only way you know bitcoins in your account exist is from the shadow of the transaction that put them there. You would only know you had a bitcoin if there was a transaction to your wallet of a bitcoin.
To actually send bitcoins, all you need is bitcoins in your account and the address of someone you want to send bitcoins to.
So what happens when I attempt to send one of my bitcoins to a friend?  There is no central organization to take the coins from my account and give them to the other person, so who does this work? End-users running a bitcoin client called "bitcoin miners" do this work. A bitcoin miner collects all the transactions that occur on the network during a certain time period, 10 minutes, and bundles the information into an object called a transaction block. One of the transactions in this block would be my one bitcoin transfer to my friend. These blocks are strung together into a continuous authoritative record of all transactions called the block chain. This block chain of transactions solves a complicated problem all cryptocurrencies must deal with called double spending. 
How can someone prove a bitcoin transaction is legitimate? If you email someone a file, can’t you email that same file to 50 other people? Who owns the file then?
With physical cash, this isn’t a problem. If you hand someone 10$, you can’t hand someone else the same 10$, because someone else now has ownership of it. The block chain is a way for the bitcoin network to know exactly which transactions count and can be trusted. It is an agreed representation of the state of every bitcoin wallet, and the transactions that got them to that state. The block chain doesn’t permit any conflicting transactions like double spending. If the block chain noted that yesterday I traded my only bitcoin to someone else, it wouldn’t allow my single bitcoin transaction to my friend to continue. The block chain is Nakamoto’s primary revelation in the Bitcoin white paper. 
Bitcoin blocks take a lot of computational work to produce. They’re difficult to produce so that the block chain can’t be faked by a bitcoin miner attempting to make fake transactions. For a bitcoin miner’s block to be accepted onto the blockchain, it needs something called a proof of work to be attached to it. A proof of work is basically a verification that a certain amount of computational effort went in to producing the block. This makes facilitating transactions on the network non-trivial. This computational work is done by computing something called a cryptographic hash. Hashing is the process of taking a large input, in this case the transaction block, and putting it through a one-way mathematical function. The output of this function is a shorter, unique, and seemingly random value. This output value has to be smaller than a target value set by the bitcoin network to be accepted. If you pick 5 random numbers in a row, the odds of you getting a number that begins with 3 zeros is less than getting a number that begins with 1 or 2 zeros. The target value is a number with a large amount of zeros in front of it, and a bitcoin miner will hash a block until they’ve found an output from the hash that is smaller than the target. As time goes on, the bitcoin network lowers this target value so it becomes more and more difficult to produce a block. 
Bitcoin mining is a combination of creating new bitcoins and facilitating transactions in the network. New coins are issues to miners who find that acceptable “hash” lower than the target value, which adds the transaction block they created to the blockchain. When a bitcoin miner creates a transaction block to hash, the first transaction on the block is a new transaction from no-one to the miner for an amount of bitcoin. These bitcoins are the “created” bitcoins gained when the block is put on the blockchain. This is the only way to create bitcoins, so no bitcoin user can just spawn millions of coins and devalue the currency.
A modern computer CPU can perform millions of these hashes per second. A GPU, or graphics card, can perform billions of these operations per second. Now hardware manufacturers have created computer chips called ASICs, which exist only to perform these hashes for Cryptocurrency mining operations. ASIC machines can handle hundreds of billions of calculations per second. These machines are so efficient that they have raised the difficulty of mining so much that trying to mine Bitcoin on a normal desktop computer will cost you more in electricity than you will ever make in bitcoin.
To summarize bitcoin mining:
1. New transactions that are trying to be processed are broadcast to all bitcoin miners in the Bitcoin network. 
2. Each miner collects new transactions into a transaction block.
3. Each miner works on finding a difficult proof-of-work hash for it’s block.
4. When a miner finds a hash smaller than the target value, it broadcasts the block to all nodes. 
5. The block chain accepts the block only if all transactions in it are valid and not already spent. 
6. Other bitcoin miners show their acceptance of the block by working on creating the next block in the chain.
I called this presentation “Cryptocurrency creation and verification” because, as you now begin to see, the process of creating new cryptocoins and verifying transactions that occur in the network are one in the same. I hope this gives you all a look into the complicated world of cryptocurrencies, and gives new users a reassurance that the bitcoin network is secure.
Thank you!
@_date: 2015-02-20 01:32:37
I made an attempt to simplify some of the aspects of how the bitcoin protocol works, and I wanted to make sure those simplified descriptions are still correct and make sense.
@_date: 2015-02-19 21:32:18
No problem, a few people have replied already. Thanks for the reply though.
@_date: 2015-02-19 19:44:35
To make sure it doesn't look like I plagiarized the whole thing from a random reddit post
@_date: 2015-02-20 01:29:55
Thank you for reminding me this exists! I'm definitely going to upload my original research paper and mention this in the talk.
@_date: 2013-04-11 14:30:56
I see the price has been dropping today, but what makes you say it will be lower tomorrow?
@_date: 2013-04-11 14:31:44
Thanks for the information, i appreciate it.
@_date: 2013-04-11 14:50:14
I don't have an Android or iOS device, how can I use google authenticator?