@_author: sleepingfox88
@_date: 2017-12-13 10:32:42
The fact that people pike you would jump at the chance to buy it if it "crashed" means it wont right now. Not critically anyway.
@_date: 2018-03-01 19:21:09
IOTA for instance, is a DAG that requires PoW to be done on two previous transactions in order to submit a transaction. The difficulty doesn't increase, but there are no blocks or transaction limits. 
The benefit to this is that if the amount of PoW increases in the network, so does the amount of transactions it can process. This is directly opposed to Blockchains like Bitcoin where it doesn't matter if 1% of the world's energy is being put into PoW or 100%, the network will always only allow 1MB block per 10 minutes.
While IOTA Is more efficient with It's PoW done, It's con is that people are only incentivized to do a small amount of PoW when they want to submit a transaction. This means at any given time, compared to a blockchain system where miners are constantly doing PoW for rewards, there is less PoW being done to secure the system, leaving the network open to a double spending attack by orphaning part of the tangle that was previously considered confirmed, just like you can orphan blocks in bitcoin.
In order to counter this currently, IOTA uses a node called the coordinator, which occasionally sends out an identifyable transaction called a milestone, and all full nodes right now consider transactions confirmed if a milestone directly or indirectly confirms them. Currently the coordinator is centralized. So It's possible the developers who run it could decide to abuse it and intentionally have it never confirm certain addresses transactions. But they can never take a milestone back once It's sent. So IOTA currently has 0 risk of a double spend once a transaction is confirmed.
The developers are working on decentralizing the coordinator, which means there would be no one central faction confirming transactions. Eventually however, they plan on taking the coordinator away entirely once the network is being used enough to be deemed to have sufficient PoW constantly being done to secure the network from double spending.
This shows a DAG (though Days can be different in nature) can secure itself purely through PoW. There are just unique challenges to determine how best to do that.
P.S. I am less familiar with Nano's architecture but I am not sure if they could secure their network through PoW or not. I am not saying All Day's could be secured through PoW like blockchain. I Just think It's ignorant to say none of them could because Day's come in many forms and there is already proof that a DAG can work on PoW alone, it just might have unique challenges to overcome.
@_date: 2018-03-01 02:21:46
You associate DAG with centralized but It's entirely possible to have a DAG based currency be completely decentralized.
@_date: 2018-02-13 20:32:24
Requiring you to use one fiat currency is closer to slavery than accepting whichever currency you choose to use. Explain your reasoning or you don't make sense. This does nothing but expand individual's liberties. 
@_date: 2018-03-25 05:09:11
Very true. Or there would be a place to pay at the front counter. 
@_date: 2018-03-25 05:16:54
It wouldn't be a nice meal without advertisements. This is true but waiters could also have hendheld devices that give out receiving addresses. This is the most exploitable. But still difficult to exploit.
@_date: 2018-03-25 05:03:03
If you keep track of who is serving customers, you know who is stealing the money.
@_date: 2018-03-01 02:58:35
I am unaware of Nano's specific nature. But DAG's like IOTA currently use Proof of Authority through use of the coordinator to decide which transactions get confirmed, but eventually that will be taken away and they will run off a purely Proof of work model (they already have Proof of work), and the network will be 100% Decentralized.
@_date: 2018-03-02 20:30:49


That's fair


While in IOTA the coordinator is currently centralized. As I have stated before, the only possible downside to this could be the owner of the coordinator deciding not to confirm transactions sent from specific addresses (which in IOTA's case will be fixed soon).
I'm not going to say that what people have come up with so far is perfect. But At least with IOTA, they have found a way to turn PoW from merely something benefiting yourself to something that can benefit others and allow PoW doers to provide a service.
Take [OysterPRL]( for example. They create their own token inside of IOTA, but IOTA allows users to preform PoW to submit zero value transactions that store nothing but data (which is completely authenticate able and unchangeable). OysterPRL takes advantage of this and has created a service where people can give their PoW to upload transactions for others to store entire files inside a distributed ledger. Through methods like these, machines can not only preform useless PoW for no benefit but their own small income of digital tokens, but actually ear digital tokens through providing a service.
Not all of the kinks have been worked out yet, and maybe something better will come along in the next year or two that will kill all of the DAGs currently, but I think it would be ignorant to simply dismiss the technological progress that is being made in that field, reguardless of how finished you think it is now.