@_author: sleuth1
@_date: 2017-05-14 01:52:28
 "partnerka", it is hard to see how the hacker would be informed a particular computer has payed up, unless only a certain number would be associated with an address. Can you clarify? 
@_date: 2017-05-13 11:38:15
Looks like a totally untrustworthy bunch of M/F's all the way down the chain, after a quick read of 'Bob's' treachery in this rather humorous account  . I know most of you guys are in for investment, but it seems a tricky business from top to bottom, that is not to say it is not interesting, very much so. Personaly , I would get a sweat up waiting for some shifty hoody character, meeting for a cash exchange for a few BC's :). What is amazing in that article is Bob's Loot, if it is his, is still sitting there with a few coin removed ( if I not mistaken). His real crime (imo) "Oh yeah, and then abandon a dog to starve alone, likely soon to be put down by animal services." quote.
Edit : Bob's loot : 
@_date: 2017-05-13 03:40:28
won't you have to convert it to goods, cash or services at some point leaving the movement traceable? 
@_date: 2017-05-18 02:35:59
"F-Secure, a Finnish cybersecurity firm, has confirmed that more than 200 individuals who had paid the ransom had successfully had their files decrypted, meaning the majority of those who handed over money got their data back." Quote, this is at odds with many other reports, which state that no one has been unlocked.
@_date: 2017-05-14 02:25:05
The problem yoda is imo, (from reading endless accounts of ripoff's, hacks, fraud, theft etc ) Bitcoin is not accountable and gives no checks and balances. Yes you can trade fairly anon, but the trade off (for Coin guys) is always being worried some 'friend' or foe is going to grab your Coin. Constant threat of rip-off, loss or even  technical failure. e.g my paper wallet got wet (smudged) my back up paper wallet is missing etc. You will know if the 'shite' is worth the effort and worry. A bank will refund fraud ( I recently had my pp account hacked and my bank was overdrawn, the bank paid up , no problem) with Coin you will not have the back up ( to my knowledge). Plus you know every (at least) many lowlife hackers and dealers of every noxious product, is at least partly holding up your coin. That's 'not' to say soft crime is far, far better than violent crime. A friend argues that digital coin gives crims a non-violent way of earning an illegal living. That's another matter.