@_author: slip_this_in
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:14:06


That's for sure.  I was in a forum this week where the guy was legitimately complaining about a 10% week.  It jolted me!  I had to remind myself that there are huge numbers of people invested in BTC who know NOTHING.  And they're all circle jerking about HOLD NO MATTER WHAT.  Geez.
For some reason people CANNOT grasp this idea:  If you sell out 30 minutes, 3 months, a year, 2 years, whatever, before the fear/capitulation phase of your graphic, then you're fine.  Just as you did, they will tuck away a nice little profit.  But if you're ONE HOUR late, it's too late.  It's over.  They all seem to think they'll be the ones to "see it coming" and liquidate just before the floor falls out.  They also haven't anticipated an environment where there are NO BIDS!!!!  That's what fear/capitulation is!  It's an environment where the floor falls out and there is 1 small buyer and an avalanche of millions of sell orders.
I will quietly buy some coins in the "despair" phase sometime in the future.  Just as I did during the housing collapse when I was buying up stock at DOW 8K and everyone was telling me I was INSANE, "this is no time to buy, everyone's selling".  Ha!
@_date: 2017-12-10 16:36:17
I'm old, so I've watched these "mania's" play out many times.  I guess every generation has to learn the lesson over again.  It's sad really.  When this thing breaks there's going to be a path of destruction miles wide.
The thing that intrigues me is that oftentimes when these mania's come along there is some component of them that *actually does look different* (playing off of "this time it's different").  The thing that looks "different" with BTC is the fact that only 21M coins will ever be in circulation.  With the dot.com collapse the thing that looked different was the fact that there was entirely new technology as the driver (the WWW).  The housing collapse was a bit of an outlier.  But it's never "different".  It's actually the opposite, these collapses are *all the same*.  And BTC will be too.
Someday I will own BTC.  I'll own it as a means of digital currency for convenience sake.  The real reason for its existence BTW.
The hofstra illustration you linked to has been overlaid by different people onto the dot.com collapse, the Great Depression, the housing collapse, the South Sea Company, and others -- if fits like a glove.