@_author: slippy0
@_date: 2014-11-11 19:13:07
I'm serious about contacting MIT, by the way. If that sounded at all snarky, I didn't mean it to be. and are both echo-chambers on the opposite sides of the issue, and as such I do not trust any information I get from either side to be impartial. 
If you believe that the people in the project are embezzling, then talk to MIT, the people that actually hold the money. Ask MIT what steps they need to go through to get access to the money. Ask them what processes they go through to convert USD to BTC. It's in MIT's best interest to answer these kinds of questions. 
If there was someone in specific you wanted to ask some questions to, I can look them up and could ask them for you or put you in contact with them. 
@_date: 2014-11-11 18:52:07
The source is the leader of the research project, Dan Elitzer. I can provide a screenshot if you would like. 
If you think asking the potential scammer isn't a good source (which I'd understand in your position), it would be trivial to corroborate his statement by contacting MIT directly.
I do not know why there was such a short deadline. I am not too happy about that. Some of my undergrad friends also expressed confusion on the short deadline, but had no issues picking up their BTC.
The excess funds are held by MIT, and will be used for hackathons and similar events. Source is again Dan Elitzer on that one.
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:27:04
As a recent MIT grad, I can tell you it's like all other schools in that getting anyone to do anything requires a lot of encouragement, usually in the form of food or money. 
Getting your group of friends to do something, sure, but as soon as you try to just put on a dorm event it's like everyone is magically too busy. 
@_date: 2014-11-11 18:55:59
My information is super easy to corroborate if you take the time to contact MIT yourself. If you are so incredulous, I would suggest you do so. After all, I am just some guy on the internet, screen shots can be fabricated, etc. MIT as an institution cannot just hide away 500k without public scrutiny. 
You are right the funding did come from outside. It is being *held* by MIT so the club/people running the event can't access it without going through the institute. The funding was raised by students, and is being held by MIT exactly so they can't just embezzle it.
The media lab isn't running the event. It just happens that the leader was selected as the administrator for the funds. They have no reason to have it on they're site. 
The treasury site does not list funding sources. AFAIK (and I'm not an authority here), but most of that information is private.
Also see my comment here: 
@_date: 2014-11-11 18:34:51
I'm an MIT alum, and emailed some people last time this conspiracy theory came up:


The People running the event don't "own" the money. It's held by MIT, and there's a lot of hoops to go through to get access to money. Just getting funding for a club required like 3 forms. Since this is classified as a research project, and due to its scale, I imagine there are many extra layers of bureaucracy these guys have to go through.
@_date: 2014-11-11 21:06:12
They're making a joke: 
