@_author: slitheringabout
@_date: 2017-02-09 17:28:27
Disagree. Miners want a permanent end to the block size debate with miner "voted" maximum block sizes. SegWit is largely irrelevant to this decision. If the latest Bitcoin Core release came with a configurable block size, they'd adopt SegWit tomorrow.
SegWit as a block size increase is only a short term can kick (much like the previously rejected 2MB hard fork), and as an enabler of off-chain scaling (Lightning Network) will take a completely unknown amount of time to be adopted by all merchants and wallets.
Miners are naturally conservative. It's strange to find that risking a network fork now seems like the conservative choice.
@_date: 2017-02-04 19:38:35
Bitcoin miners are supposed to act in their own rational self interest. We're gonna see what the result of that is. Maybe everything will be okay. Maybe not, but in that case, Bitcoin was doomed anyway, since a contentious hard fork can and likely will happen at *some* point.
@_date: 2017-03-18 16:55:19
Any coin can fork. The real question is whether you believe in crypto currency potential. If you do, you hold through the fork and either one chain dies or you end up owning two coins. Future is always bright for the hodler.
@_date: 2016-06-17 11:30:06
This doesn't address the fact that hitting 1 MB is a (fairly) new thing - so these companies are not using Bitcoin for that yet, and it didn't get "flooded immediately". *Any* limit would probably stop them from using Bitcoin - 8 MB would be a risk for them too, since they might easily get priced out.
It may be an argument against no limit. But it's not an argument against modest increases until better options (Lightning Network) are available.
@_date: 2016-12-23 14:37:22
Some corrections
*Use blood from own hand after failing to harvest honey badgers
*Use hair that may or may not be satoshis, the only important thing is that nobody knows for sure
@_date: 2016-12-05 20:57:51


I think the problem you have is with Nakamoto Consensus. If you want something based on social consensus, you might look into something other than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-03 14:53:30
It wasn't a fake proof though. It was a tutorial showing how to verify signatures. Everybody *assumed* it was meant as some kind of proof.
@_date: 2016-05-03 15:28:28
He doesn't say "I am Nakamoto, here is proof".
He says "I am Nakamoto. I will now explain the process of verifying a set of cryptographic keys".
It reads to me like there could be a follow up post, in which he actually follows the process.
certainly, it's an odd way of doing and phrasing things
@_date: 2016-07-08 16:14:51
I started off writing a few counters to some points in the article, but then I scrapped it. It's pointless.
It's a shame the author couldn't take the high ground like Roger Ver tried to in his article, rather than ad hominem with the usual "acting like politicians" (author apparently unaware of the irony) and "whiny ragequitter".
It's just another whole bunch of blather which can be summed up as "I have certain goals for Bitcoin, if you disagree you are an idiot".
Some people view quick adoption as important. Others view decentralisation as more so. And most are somewhere between the two. But can we please not pretend that there is some absolute truth that makes the other side stupid and us the intellectual superiors.
Yes OP - I downvoted your submission, because it is just yet more spin, ad hominem, and... politics.
@_date: 2016-07-08 16:39:03
Dropping node count could be explained by greater availability of lightweight clients. In the past, Bitcoin Qt was the only client, or the one most people stumbled on. Most people will choose the lightest client, which Core will *never* be. I moved from Qt to Electrum years ago. One node down. I don't care, since I think some thousand nodes is more than enough. A popular movie torrent might have just 100 seeders, and yet it goes nowhere, despite the movie industry's efforts... See? Just a differing opinion, and no hard facts on any side.


Target levels of decentralisation are rarely defined, and Bitcoin being worth nothing assumes some unlikely binary situation.
It also assumes that there is nothing else important for resisting government influence. Western governments could shut Tor down if they wanted to. What stops them? The legitimate use, the fact that doing so would anger a lot of people. It's not that they couldn't do it. (See: China.)
I would happily sacrifice a little decentralisation for that reason. Of course, people will jump on that and say I'm a statist shill who thinks there should be immediate 10 GB blocks with only banks running nodes... But that isn't true. The truth is I think there are many valid positions among the many variables to consider... And that we could sacrifice a little decentralisation at this point in time - 2 MB, 8 MB - to allow unimpeded growth until, yes, second layer solutions are available.
@_date: 2016-07-08 16:59:28
There are far more variables than just node count, and also the possibility of many points in the space between the two, and the possibility of censorship resistance taking many forms.
It's really not an exclusive OR, otherwise, small blockers should be pushing hard for even smaller blocks, since 1 MB over Tor is pretty terrible even now.
And if all you really wanted was a *censorship* resistant network, you could start an altcoin or spin-off with 1KB blocks. (You know, I'd actually buy some of that.) But that's likely not all you want.
You also don't seem to realise that the majority of "big blockers" simply want a modest increase to tide us over until Lightning Network type things are actually functional. 2 MB or even 8 MB would not push the decentralisation down to "two guys" and would likely be caught up with by technology in a year or two.
But y'all would rather scream and polarise rather than accept the opposition isn't a terrible terrible person.
@_date: 2016-07-06 19:28:32
Pleeease get rid of the mac style window minimize/maximize buttons and let me use my native ones. Anything else is terrible UI design.
Oh, and last time I tried it the header images took up ~50% of vertical screen space. Some kind of intelligent resizing to window size would be nice, or just a manual zoom function (though it would be nice to choose smaller images/paddings while keeping the text size large). On a small screen, a massive header image is irritating - I have to scroll before I can see anything.