@_author: sloppysteam
@_date: 2015-09-09 03:45:09
If the top 5 pools become allied, then the entire system would be completely compromised.  This cannot happen and bitcoin continue to exist.
@_date: 2015-09-14 02:13:24
What would give value to bitcoin if it was just a low volume settlement network?  
The only thing that I can think of is if a bunch of institutional investors colluded to hold significant quantities of bitcoin and form a sort of cartel which didn't sell.  But then who the hell is going to mine?  Who is going to provide applications and security on a network like that?  Who is going to care about a network like that other than the cartel?
No one is the right answer.  Bitcoin will either step up and be the worldwide payment network it was intended to be, or it will be replaced by something that can.  Brutal things may be required to achieve this, like reducing the size of transactions or figuring out a way to massively increase compression and efficiency, or something else that I've never even dreamed of.  But I do know that either bitcoin steps up and makes it happen, or it will not win.  Something else will take its place.  
@_date: 2015-09-09 03:59:01
So basically this guy who has little at stake in the bitcoin world casually proposes the most logical solution I have heard, as well as the most concise rundown of bitcoin's potential future I have seen, and both in the same paragraph.  
So what is it gonna be?  Digital gold or an actual payment network?  I know what I signed up for.  
@_date: 2015-09-02 02:55:08
This is not possible because the conglomerates would have to have more than 50% of the network for this to be effective.  If that was the case, then the network would have far bigger issues than blocks that were too big.  
Until someone has 50 % of the network, the blocksize will tend to be the minimum possible because block sizes that are any significant amount above the average block size will increase the probability of orphans rapidly.  The orphan rate is the main driving factor for miners, and they as a whole won't risk the increased orphan rate.  This has been proven by a series of papers.