@_author: slorc
@_date: 2014-06-03 23:49:24
eBay had a Want It Now section that nobody used and they apparently discontinued it
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:22:31
I don't understand how it would work. Since a transaction is non-reversible, how can a buyer ever believe he will get what he paid for? If you're going to do escrow, just keep in mind too that it's a highly-regulated industry. I don't see any compelling reason for a BUYER to use this over eBay. I can see that sellers want to reduce their fees, but to the BUYER, there is no advantage to going outside eBay. I spend tens of thousands yearly on eBay btw.
People use Silk Road because there is no alternative. But for what you're doing there is a big, established alternative called eBay. And for eBay buyers, there are no fees. In fact, they actually get paid to shop on eBay with their cashback/loyalty program (eBay Bucks).
And sooner or later PayPal/eBay will take bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-10-21 21:30:31
Have you never heard of DEN? It's all well-documented. I think somebody even wrote a book on it.
@_date: 2014-10-04 21:28:02
Well, to start with, don't put any more money in. Have you never heard of the concept of diversification? As for the money you already have in there, just forget about it. Leave it. Don't check the price every day. If you believe in the long term value of bitcoin, it's a long term investment not a short term trading vehicle. So stop trading--you're obviously not good at it, and just relax. Tell your family the money is in long term bitcoin investment, don't check prices and go about life as normal. 
@_date: 2014-10-04 21:19:40
If you are a long term investor, you welcome price drops. If it drops to $200 or lower, all the better.  This is actually a good time to get out of the stock market, so low bitcoin prices are great. Also welcome cheap gold.
@_date: 2014-07-22 00:57:06
I think people can spend/transact with it because at the point of sale it's irrelevant whether you are spending bitcoin directly or if you have converted bitcoin into fiat. Either way you are spending out of your 'money' which you hold in the form of bitcoin. It's more a question of would you rather hold your money in the form of USD or BTC. If you're logic is correct, it would mean that people are spending fiat USD just because the value of the USD is not increasing, which I don't think is true in most cases. People have to spend their money. They have to buy things to live. If people are big fans of bitcoin and hold that as their currency of choice, it means that they will HAVE to spend out of their bitcoin balance. As for the lack of price stability, it doesn't matter because bitcoin is never going to power a local economy. It would be like using yen or euro to live in the US. Nobody is going to do that when they are paid in USD. The value of all currencies fluctuate against other currencies (including BTC), and that argues against wages and prices being denominated in anything other than the local currency.
@_date: 2014-08-06 21:32:03
It might be obvious but make sure your employees are physically on location, in your jurisdiction where they can be prosecuted. Probably don't want them somewhere in Russia or the Ukraine...