@_author: slowsynapse
@_date: 2018-01-17 20:45:15
How would I integrate this if I have no developer experience? Merchant here...
@_date: 2018-01-09 09:12:34
This is a decent comparison, but there was no central company limiting the original ethernet network, TCP/IP came out organically just like other L2 solutions are coming out of other cryptocurrencies.
Lightning is the only one done whilst crippling the main network on purpose to force its adoption. I think it didn't work for Segwit, it won't work for Lightning. We shall see!
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:22:59
1) Alot Bitcoin Cash supporters like myself would not like to see unlimited expansion of block sizes. This isn't a zero sum thing. The studies I read suggested 4mb is about the maximum before it hurts decentralization.
2) LN itself would require an increase in blocksize to scale anyways. Bitcoin is not really even working as a affordable settlement layer at all for businesses that take multiple one off large payments.
3) I think it's more like putting a 10kb bandwidth limit to the, on the internet with the argument that higher speeds would centralize companies and create things like Comcast.
4) If it was a consensual networking decision to protect decentralization then I would be for it, but after realizing how the current code base works, I think this is decided by about 3 people at most.
@_date: 2018-01-21 08:06:43
This country is too brainwashed by socialism and former glories to care about libertarianism. Former UK resident here.
@_date: 2018-01-10 07:17:32
Nice article! 
However, am I correct that the original broadcasting system was not artificially capped by some organization? As far as I know people used TCP because it was better and made more sense, it was not forced on them as a community by making the earlier protocol unusable. Also, Bitcoin is a ledger, not transferring copious amounts of text and rich-media, wouldn't the same scalability argument thus matter less, given not only lower cost of storage, advanced bandwidth already developed, plus ultimately a system capped by people's ability to spend money for real goods and services.
Also currently at 1mb, Bitcoin is not even competitive for settlement and investment uses, much less actual commerce. Would it not make much more sense to just let people naturally migrate to L2 solutions like Lightning, as they are doing on Ethereum.
The main chain will never be effective for applications like micropayments anyways.
What good does a 1mb cap do for the community other than keeping nodes possible on small computers, apart from causing the current civil war is my question.
Not to mention Lightning should not need to be rushed and pressured like the way it is, this increases the risks of vulnerabilities when users and businesses are forced to use new technology. Ultimately a new layer offers new attack vectors and things to go wrong, a fact the Lightning devs are acutely aware of, hence the slow progress.
I cannot see the 1mb as anything other than a political decision.
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:13:21
Lol this is true, though I don't think nodes have enough incentive and economic costs to consider them as true votes. I do like anything that decentralizes the system even a bit. In this case the consensus clearly forced 2X(which is crazy) to be dropped.
I don't like calling either side brain washed, anybody who has chosen a side knows the scaling debate well.
@_date: 2018-01-29 18:26:45
As a short Asian man this scares me. The UK is degrading, guy should have lived in Hong Kong or Asia where crime is much lower. His 800k house will be a room only but it be worth it lol
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:06:18
First of all I applaud the mods have been listening to me and others and have started toning down the banning here, allowing this post to rise. 
I would not be surprised if they did increase block size, but they will do it only when the situation becomes completely untenable. 
They have never said they are against a block size increase, only it is not their preferred option
People will applaud them for it, and Bitcoin will continue. 
What the problem is, is the lack of "empathy" of what is going on with people who rely on BTC day to day, merchants like me, rely on being able to trade fast or people on third world countries, which leads me to another point...
Core/Blockstream has said multiple times, their intention is to make Bitcoin, a store of value, aka digital gold. This I believe will be in the end the primary use-case of Bitcoin. Bitcoin is turning rapidly into a crypto-asset, both in public perception and in reality. 
Part of the "digital gold thesis" argument, is that is illiquidity and hard to move properties, that is making Bitcoin valuable, because this puts pressure for people to not move their Bitcoins, thus limiting supply. This means demand outstrips supply constantly. The price going up whilst Bitcoin hit the 1mb limit may not be a coincidence (I would love if someone smarter wrote a full article about digital gold thesis).
What does this mean? Congestion and high fees, were always part of the plan, this is not an "error" according to core's vision of Bitcoin.
There is nothing wrong with that, and I disagree something has to have a use-case to be valuable, all crypto price actions so far have rejected that notion. Bitcoin can be backed by consensus, pow, limited quantities and nothing else.
Personally, SOV was not what attracted me to Bitcoin. It doesn't mean, it doesn't work, it's just not a use-case I am particularly passionate about.
To be honest, if you really believe on-chain transactions should be open to all, you should just go use BCH. It's the truth. Supporting core and then asking them to submit to what they rejected, just seems like a U-turn on their vision of Bitcoin as a crypto-asset.
If you support core, you are supporting sidechains and L2, even if that means pushing people out of the main chain. That is part of the deal, and if people didn't get that, well I think they are stupid.
@_date: 2017-12-09 15:22:41
Well us chaps who wasn't lucky enough to go to uni for computer science might as well be on the other side then. With an attitude like that Lightning will go nowhere. 
You don't need "engineers" for making stuff for Lightning most of the engineering is in the complex routing implementation behind the scenes. Software for Lightning has to go through the LND or Blockstream's implementation, the routing and all the computer science stuff is mostly complete.
What they are missing is actually developers and businesses that want to use this thing.
Point to me one single business that has done or indicated development for Lightning. Why are companies like Bitpay not helping out with their vast resources? 
I think the stupidity of this subreddit is slowly going up. I've noticed an increase of stupid people since the constant ATH.
People should look at the evidence and learn to think for themselves before saying random things like, we need more engineers. We don't need more engineers, some of the best are working on the Lightning Network, we need enthusiasm.
@_date: 2017-12-09 15:30:48
Because clearly the only way to contribute or know how computer software and hardware work is spending 10 years inside a university campus and being condescending.
@_date: 2017-12-07 04:02:15
It's a terrible model to work off. You need to write a lot of extra software vs normal bitcoin. That's just one part of the problem, the other part is mainstream barely even knows about Bitcoin and we are going to talk about payment channels with onboarding fees?
I think you are going to end with one of the two: 
1) A company like Bitpay writes all the in-between code to make accepting Bitcoin easy on the Lightning network and charge a fee, effectively becoming Paypal.
2) People will just start endorsing an onchain solution.
No offense, but the Lightning developers don't seem to understand business in general. Are all merchants supposed to code their own solution? They are basically expecting all this software that is going to come on top of the LND, this may or may not come, but their purist attitudes can put off anybody with resources to develop.
The issue is core seems to expect businesses to develop software for free, that never happens. Bitpay is Paypal for Bitcoin, it is everything we sought to destroy. 
Businesses don't develop and maintain software for free. I treasure the altruism of the open source community, but the reality is money is a real concern, not everyone is a professor in some university campus in California. 
The reality is a lot of developers can't afford to work or implement new software for free, especially for a big company like Steam, where the software has to be perfect and idiot proof.
I know for academic types, money is a sin and intelligence should solve everything, however, that attitude tend to fend off people with resources who could develop things for Lightning.
At the moment, their strategy is, we put this out there and it will take off automatically. We shall see whether the merit of software can stand purely because of technical features. Where this goes who knows?
For the record I support core, but I am just laying out the reality of the situation here. This is a total coin flip basically.
@_date: 2017-12-08 07:47:57
I was talking about business models, on how businesses would adopt Lightning realistically. 
You were saying Amazon could have a balance with a payment channel instead. I'm saying it's going to be a pain for most merchants including Amazon to implement it like that.
Don't see how it is unrelated unless you are stupid or probably have zero experience in how websites and businesses actually take payments and recycle the liquidity to pay suppliers.
@_date: 2017-12-22 01:55:37


haha i like bitcoin cash, but what you said is true, LN will work.
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:28:39
@_date: 2018-09-18 05:35:20
I'm pretty sure almost everything modern is invented in the last 500 years. People like this make our movement embarrassing.
@_date: 2017-03-21 16:34:17
A) When Selina Gomez or Kim Kardashian is much bigger news than any Bitcoin news
B) It's a bit like asking people to jump off a plane, and saying "trust me the parachute works according to the maths"
C) It's like telling people psychedelic drugs can be therapeutic, Stigma with computer nerds, people are deniers and tend to endorse the status quo.
D) Not taking like 15 minutes to send Bitcoins may help...
E) Bitcoin should be lightning fast and easy to use and buy, it isn't due to regulations and other things
F) Those big banks douches, fuck em, fuck em all
G) ???
H) Profit
@_date: 2017-03-08 16:47:21
Well thanks for crushing me with your titan essay. I respect the amount of intellectual thought put into it, and your intelligence - I really do.
First of all I don't know how you can say how people like Ben Bernanke and Alan Greenspan and their close circle of friends and the kind of politics that happened to be the same as the core developers, economics doesn't come close to the kind of software that powers bitcoin, economics is in some ways not even a science in its current form due to being so outdated.
But I do agree with what you are saying mostly, that like it or not we are going to and will concentrate power in a small group of developers, this gives them power, which if power is involved is politics. In this case power in a multi-billion dollar system.
I agree with the Blockstream argument...but what is the solution? To throw away a bunch of trusted and highly intelligent developers who have been reliable and fair up to the point of failing the Hong Kong agreement in exchange for an unknown group of people who don't have the same technical backgrounds and shall I say also equally if not more shady motives.
I think my initial opinion (which I am not so sure anymore) it comes down to - which group of faces you trust? I am more inclined to trust the people who have worked really hard on this, the engineers who I "feel" have probably devoted their lives to the project, these people to me are less likely to be motivated by personal gain.
...but in the long run who knows, you are right Blockstream is a fancy word for out of the block chain. You make a sound argument with Ethereum, the whole hard fork thing really bothered me - and IT WAS because Vitalik was so invested in the DAO.
So you think BU is the answer? Aren't we trading a team of people who have been reliable so far for a bunch of complete unknowns? And the issues with having unlimited blockchain size?
Won't those just create the same kind of thing you are talking about with Blockstream but just with a different set of people?  Or will BU actually reach an equilibrium and be better than Blockstream? I'm interested on your thoughts on this matter.
@_date: 2017-03-08 16:55:16
Yeah I'm on the fence now about the whole trust the core team, I guess human instinct is to avoid potential anarchy - but who knows I'm beginning to think the BU side is more the pure Bitcoin side. I'm just split now.
@_date: 2017-03-08 02:19:02
Wow finally someone who isn't biased...thanks Stephen!
@_date: 2017-03-09 08:09:50
I love your final point in theology, and in truth humans are innately drawn to this kind of thinking, worshipping something because they don't understand it and it seems infinitely beyond their realms of imagination. Humans by nature are drawn to authoritarian rule, this has been proven time and time again in history and in research and the overwhelming support for the core team is no different.
^ One of the biggest achievements we made that led to the industrial revolution was indeed going against that very instinct, which is why it took donkey years for humans to do it.
So the core dev teams no matter how brilliant, they CAN be compromised because they are still human, and because it CAN happen - we can only assume it will happen, its just whether its going to be years down the line or literally another generation of people who are connected to the team.
Blockstream is the main problem I see here, the fact that the devs took VC money to form a private company is problematic in so many ways I can't even write it out. Blockstream thus represents the very first sign and step of these highly gifted people being compromised because at the end of the day they are still human.
Now they may have good intentions now, but who knows, they won't be the developers forever what happens after that? What happens as they add more and more unrelated people to Blockstream? How does Blockstream make money? Who gets priority on the Blockchain, what gets relegated to the sidechain.
The alternative like you say is no better and probably worst. Bitcoin has come very far, but it is still fragile, at least we know this group of people have a track record of being reliable and trustworthy so far, so they are the better choice.
So my conclusion is the compromise solution, basically increase the size but limit it with the promise of slowly increasing it and also have segwit.
It doesn't alleviate the concerns over Blockstream, but you know there will never be ever a perfect solution in reality as long as humans are involved.
I guess it's probably going to go the way the core devs want it, BU just isn't promoted by people that are trusted, those two guys have too much shade going on and are businessmen, who have done things for themselves only so far.
What I hope the community will do though is call out Blockstream for what it is. 
If Blockstream grows - it will even become the reason to not increase the blockchain size at all. The private company latched onto the development team problem is just a gigantic conflict of interest no matter how you look at it. Especially when you have VC money coming in for profit.
@_date: 2017-03-08 02:59:51
Do you even hear what you are saying? Bitcoin desperately needs governance? By whom? This is the perfect moment for people who want power to come in and pretend to be saving Bitcoin, when it's just a really long overdue update that the developers have failed in. 
If the core has done something in self-interest then its a real issue, but the issue is they simply haven't delivered and there is a difference, even if the blockchain is slow in development, its better to be slow than to give it up to governance of "political people", just because of impatience with fees.
@_date: 2017-03-21 16:12:11
it's not a killer app, if you can't buy bitcoins on it using credit card or some easy to use method. What purpose does this app serve? It requires other people to have the app, only there is no reason to have the app in the first place, unless you want visa to spend your bitcoins, but why wouldn't you just use a fiat credit card and save the currency conversion loss?? Why would i trade currencies when there are dozens of exchanges online, there is no easy way to add fiat either as far as i can tell.
so essentially the only thing it's for is transferring btc into fiat and spending it with visa? visa is easy when its from bitcoin to fiat, visa is hard to get to go from fiat to bitcoin , that's what people want.
and as a wallet why wouldn't i just use Blockchain instead, or Coinbase where i can actually add fiat...?
@_date: 2017-03-08 02:55:19
I think you just made an argument to have a central bank all over run by politicians. The whole point of Bitcoins is that its meant to be driven by technical IQ not social IQ. Social IQ means being aware of people's feelings, but it also means favouritism.
And it's not some ideology I'm spouting, at it's core the worth of Bitcoin is that it isn't actually like a central bank, you are arguing to put people with good social skills (politicians) at the center of a financial system. The whole point was that bitcoin is money diluted to it's purest form and not affected by political interests.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:53:39
I think this debate is settled, and anyone who disagrees with it doesn't understand the nature of how blockchain tech works. HOWEVER at bitcoins current market cap small by financial commodity standards, the fees should not be that high. This is a failure on cores part and has been going on for a while.
It's also a clear conflict of interest for the same people to work on both layers of solutions, as the natural incentive would actually to increase reliance and demand on the secondary layer, this isn't much different from how Paypal or the modern financial system ended up the way it did.
Ultimately blockchain is a database innovation, nothing in this innovation says the coders for the blockchain can't actually end up being influenced by venture capital, which I believe it is at the moment.
Now I don't mean that is a bad development. I mean I don't actually know. Bitcoin is the first use case for Blockchain, it could be this is what is supposed to happen, but please don't kid ourselves that there isn't a political game going on by both parties.
@_date: 2017-01-26 19:25:34
You mean "history" has shown that economies with central banks have fewer recessions/depressions.
You hit the nail about volatility. Bitcoin is a hard sell in that regard. I think people thinking Bitcoin can replace the entire financial system is naive to say the least, without understanding that banks are quasi-government entities, thus tied to the legal system and more.
However we have been for at least a decade been experiencing the failure of central banking to adapt to acceleration in technological changes, and other things. Just because it worked in the past doesn't mean it will work now or in the future.
For example interest rates are near 0%, we are at the 8th year of a bull run, wages have been stagnant for decades, inflation has been out of control as money is worth less and less due to QE. All this is due to central bank actions following models they read up in books, models based on the economy in WW2 not today, with the internet and the global connected world. 
So I think central banks will continue to have a role to play, to say they won't is to say like government won't exist or be centralised, but their role needs to drastically change, allow competition from Bitcoin and Fintech which will drive the banks to up their game, break up the banks and so on.
There are certainly instances where centralisation is more effective than decentralization. I think people always have a certain amount of zeal when it comes to non-authoritarian solutions, but the truth is smart centralisation has been an important cornerstone of everything so far in civilization.
The issue is we have too much centralisation right now that is leading to massive insider deals and corruption. I think socialism and communism are blanket labels, reality is far more complex than ideologies.
@_date: 2017-01-13 02:42:19
would be easier to get over if Circle wasn't the only real easy way to buy Bitcoin using credit card/debit card .
@_date: 2017-01-08 16:08:46
This is the point the banking elite wants to make on us internet users - that by putting their foot down on regulations via government Bitcoin will go nowhere because any company that tries to make it easy to use will get shut down.
It's a devious way to basically say "any attempts to try to escape will be shut down"
The remaining options are cumbersome exchanges with no user friendliness relegating Bitcoin to mainly a speculation/storage currency (e.g. Kraken, Gemini).
Bitcoin's real use is really something like what Circle was doing before they removed it. 
The verification processes put in place by government in places like the USA makes bitcoin far more cumbersome than fiat currencies to get and use. Lots of people just wanna use credit card on the internet at least 80%. Once you make that option difficult people will look somewhere else.
Of course there is also the fact you need to get licenses, to make sure you are leashed to the central banking system to be able to sell Bitcoin in the first place.
So companies like Coinbase are more concerned with falling in line rather than being true market disrupters. It's made difficult by design.
The banking cartels are evil...I hate them
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:35:46
lol good point...blockchains sounds weird though, even though it's technically correct. I never noticed that, thanks. I think everyone does the same thing? They say blockchain, not blockchains. : P
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:10:03
Where do people get stuck? Is it mainly the verification process people have? I am curious because Coinbase is easy to me, but many customers struggle to pay with Bitcoin.
My customers are in the US, but I am not so I can't actually see the process they go through.
@_date: 2017-08-28 20:19:55
He isn't completely wrong, real fiat currencies are backed by countries. Where he is wrong is, the faith in these currencies have fallen as countries prove they don't really care by printing money and giving it straight to banks. Supply of money is unlimited, whilst Bitcoin is limited.
He fails to address that often a stocks valuable is a "speculation" of what a company will earn in the future, which is why companies like Tesla are priced way more than their actual worth as in 20-40x of their actual earnings.
Therefore the value of Bitcoin is the speculative value of its value in the future too, and this will just go up and down depending on state of affairs.
Showing how out of depth this writer is, he also fails to mention the current roadblocks that Bitcoin may face leading to its implosion and devastating many people who currently hold Bitcoins as a investment.
There is a big bubble brewing at the moment and that is alt coins and ICOs, when this bubble burst its likely to hit people's confidence in Bitcoin and thus tank its value.
Another thing is lightning and other L2 solutions are barely in primetime, segwit has just started and 1mb blocks are causing ridiculous fees like $7 to send $20. This eliminates the current use case for Bitcoin as a peer to peer currency transfer system. 
^ This problem is continued to go on by core refusing to even pretend to listen is going to hard fork Bitcoin, at best it will split again, at worst it could lead to the discovery that Bitcoin is no longer what is is sold as. ( a decentralised, low fee, peer to peer, competitor to the banksters), thus depriving it of much value.
Also all the L2 talk is completely theoretical, Bitcoin is hardly used by merchants as it is now, but at least it has been used and tested. The L2 stuff may just not be ready for primetime and could be another thing that is a bubble waiting to burst.
@_date: 2017-08-30 09:17:34
Well all we need to just a 2mb urgently, why people keep twisting their dicks to explain why we don't need one is beyond my understanding, when the solution you propose to people is convoluted and blaming the users for the problem instead of the developers. You have a problem.
@_date: 2017-08-30 22:32:06
Well if by shopping you mean trading of goods and services, then yes Bitcoin’s current use case is indeed shopping.
All the amazing things you are talking about is currently in github , it’s at least a year or two away from being deployed on the scale of say Bitpay.
At the very least poor countries relying on it are going to get hurt. There is nothing to be gained from strangling the network.
Another thing about L2 - Even if bitcoin was efficient decentralized, it still lacks the feature and functions L2 can provide. When we talk about scale Bitcoin is currently nothing vs other centralized systems. L2 is going to take time, it’s not going to come out of nowhere.
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:07:16
What about us merchants who need to use Bitcoin for our day to day sales? Is there such a thing as a lightning plugin I can install my website just like Bitcoin has?
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:16:12
Well actually I just like to think Blockchain as internet 2.0 . The proposed internet 2.0 turned out to be a failure because turns out nobody really wants to input open data entities without any financial incentives.
Instead the real internet 2.0 is blockchain (I call it blockchain fantasy). This is not really hard to figure out if you think about it. Current internet technologies are all based around single nodes, all blockchain does is harness the networking power of internet 1.0 to create decentralised databases.
Almost all software runs on databases, which in it's simplest form are just a bunch of tables. So blockchain is just a upgraded internet, but of course, the applications are nothing like internet 1.0. And internet 1.0 will still have many uses.
^ This is obvious because the advantages of blockchain varies a lot on a case by case basis. Like you could technically run a hosting service on blockchain, only the hosting service would be stupidly expensive for a small amount of data, and running scripts and applications? Would be entirely pointless vs current systems, but there are probably many scenarios where blockchain can be used that nobody has thought of yet.
Basically we don't even have DOS or Windows yet let alone Netscape Navigator which is a client software, nor the services that this client will be connected to. 
Bitcoin itself is to me just the first use case of Blockchain technology, and that use case is currency, and it's the only one thats out of the embryo stage and has any real use at the moment. 
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:28:08
Well centralised systems are expensive because they have a monopoly on the payment systems, they could in fact be 10 times cheaper, it isn't even a technological problem.
What we can hope for is layer 2 solutions gain enough adoption to put pressure on the greedy banks to stop scamming people so much money at every point in the trade process.
layer 2 solutions should be adequately cheap enough to compete with the likes of Visa when you count all the hidden charges and other costs like legal costs and having to pass through many financial institutions each docking off money.
If they couldn't compete then it would be a complete failure, but the current bank costs are so high, I don't see why layer 2 solutions would fail to compete.
Basically the financial industry is siphoning money off the general population due to absolute control of the network, not due to technological costs, this is why finance industry pays so well. The amount of money they make doing this is insane to comprehend when you learn about credit card processing and how the whole thing works to tax businesses.
Hopefully it will turn out that it is actually very cheap, even when using a decentralised crypto network.
@_date: 2017-08-31 22:46:13
It will be much lower than that for a company like Uber, not to mention that Visa charges the company not the other way around.
Also Bitcoin TX fees are not proportional, they are unpredictable and large for small transactions, cheap for large transactions. Uber fees would fall under small transactions. Confirmation times will also be an issue.
It would require quite a bit of work to make it usable. Lightning would make more sense.
@_date: 2017-08-08 02:04:29
Have tried this and many customers say they genuinely want to pay me with Bitcoin but they just can't figure it out, even after throwing in a discount and having a picture walk through like the one you described.
I know to people on this subreddit, it all sounds really easy. I don't think people grasp how difficult it is for the "normies".
I know this because I TOO assumed it would be easy for people to understand, with Coinbase being the most user friendly already. I have even tried to walk people through the process remotely and they still get confused.
I'm not the only vendor which is having this problem. Ceretropic is a very big vendor which also can't persuade people to buy using Bitcoins, and these are probably consumers who ARE on the Bitcoin sub reddit.
What I don't understand is why Bitpay and other payment gateways don't just easily lead customers to buy Bitcoin, instead they assume they already have a Bitcoin wallet and puts a 15 minute deadline which is stupid. I'm not a software engineer, but i'm sure they can make it a lot better if they just frankly assume people are stupid and lazy.
On the other hand, it is great that at least some people are now willing to pay using Bitcoin, and kudos to those consumers making the leap.
I'm sick of the control big banks have over payment systems and keep vendors hostage to their fees and self-profiting regulations.
Edit: A great example of this problem is coinpayments.net links buyers to local bitcoins which is stupid, as no Bitcoin newbie is going to jump into manual trading immediately. Obviously this is because the developers consider local bitcoins to be the "pure" form of Bitcoin purchasing, but this leads to user confusion.
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:00:27
The one dev working on it is Jeff Garzik (did I spell his name correctly?), if I am not mistaken the 2x was originally a merge request that was later rejected by the core team. Jeff was then kicked off. 
The core team is more than capable to vet Jeff's code and make sure it works properly. So why didn't they just do that? 
And, not enough testing, not enough dev support, not enough community support? What about forcing people to use segwit and lightning? Oh that's right, average webmaster like me can't even use Lightning. It doesn't even have an ecosystem. It's at best at beta. 
So Jeff and Gavin are not experts on blockchain? This is ridiculous. There isn't just 5 people in the world that is smart enough to work on blockchain.
How is a move to 2mb, that wasn't even a fork until it was forced to be a fork by core, a "power grab". Explain to me how moving from 1mb to 2mb and lowering fees would centralise and control the underlying protocol.
If you say the miners control people like Jeff, then why can't we say venture capitalists control Blockstream, which influences core. 
And it's not needed at this point? WTF have you been reading this subreddit? Bitcoin is a gigantic ecosystem at this point, it's whole value is built upon being able to move money around. Are you telling me people in Venezuela using Bitcoin to pay having to pay these ridiculous fees is just for a petty argument about principle or vested interest.
Let's build the second layer? Fine then build it FIRST. In the meantime Bitcoin has to work like Bitcoin. Bitcoin currently doesn't really have any major L2 applications. Doing this won't force it to happen overnight.
In other words limiting to 1mb won't suddenly force code out of developers assholes to create L2 solutions that are probably 1-2 years away.
L2 solutions is the good stuff, but I don't get why people argue that crippling the network before L2 is even ready is a good idea. L2 is also the thing I think Blockstream and Core are right about. It has massive potential.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:23:06
^ Truth. I can't be the only person who doesn't want to use Bitcoin Cash. Disagreed with Bitcoin Unlimited, and now can't believe core refuses to compromise 1mb, going as far to kick Jeff off the team?
Core and Blockstream act like it takes no time at all for other devs to  test and roll out updates. If it's so easy then Lightning would be everywhere by now. They keep asking us to be patient, but it is THEY who are impatient. 
If L2 is not ready, it's not ready. 
No point letting investors force you into pinning down the main chain to force L2.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:01:04
The problem is moderation. Bitcoin is tiny by financial standards. Fees should not be that high for it's current size. It's more about balance in my opinion.
Yes Bitcoin should operate as a backbone for things like Lightning, scaling Bitcoin to the masses doesn't make much sense. Neither does weighing down the main chain at this point either.
@_date: 2017-01-13 02:37:44
just a guess...there is a lot of pressure from the big wigs for them to drop Bitcoin, because up till now Circle has been the easiest way to buy Bitcoins using debit card or credit card.
The reason they got this was obviously because they negotiated hard for it, but as it got more popular it probably became clear that Circle could potentially be a threat and actually a really decent alternative payment system.
If you don't know - getting a license to allow credit card purchases like Circle does requires negotiating for several very hard to get agreements and licenses, there is the bank, the license, the KYC regulations and so on, there is so much legal stuff thats how credit card companies as a whole hold absolute control over the payment industry and regularly charge small businesses to oblivion.
Bitcoin largely bypasses all these middle men which is why its such a big threat, but if Circle drops Bitcoin then they are using the existing systems so they are beholden to the big wigs. Its likely that the big wigs never really knew Circle could be used that way for Bitcoin.
So its a matter of keep your license or drop bitcoin and any sane company would keep their license.
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:10:40
Yeah, but the time is not now. If it is then people would be using Lightning. This might be currently giving a hard on to the "futurists" on the blockchain fantasy, but it's seriously hurting normal users.
Like it or not, Bitcoin is still mainly used on chain for transactions. L2 growth has to be organic.
@_date: 2017-01-24 08:38:14
Yeah I know, but I think the barrier is crossing the chasm to get Bitcoin to normal everyday people, your average person isn't going to want to bid for coins on localbitcoins, they just want something simple and straightforward and they will even pay a huge fee for it (Paypal).
This is the barrier the big banks are putting in, by regulating and making bitcoins a pain in the ass the buy officially using common channels such as credit cards, it significantly slows down the rate of Bitcoin growth.
The banks next plan is to introduce their own blockchain and cryptocurrency, which will not be regulated like bitcoin because they own and control it, as such it will be far easier to use.
The issue is banks are essentially an extension of government, thus they can manipulate the laws so they will always be the middle men.
I am pretty confident if it wasn't for Bitcoin regulation it would have long become a mainstream method of transaction. I mean we are in 2017 already...
@_date: 2017-08-30 08:57:08
Bitcoin Cash is NOT a solution. The best solution is for core to just up to 2mb, instead of forcing people to use non existent solutions like Lightning or waiting for segwit adoption to grow painfully slowly. Why they find it so hard to budge an inch is beyond my comprehension. They won the scaling debate. They are like sore winners.
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:40:42
I've been a victim of the current financial ecosystem (credit card processing). I 500% agree with hoping that this technology will be resistant to the people who want to centralise it and do the same thing as they did with our current financial system.
The "Blockchain Fantasy" has infinite potential. I actually think Bitcoin could be a precursor to other forms of currencies. For example Universal Basic Income could be it's own chain. Once Bitcoin opens the world up to the idea of different forms of value storage, then it could lead to the actual elimination of money as we know it.
Instead of money we would just trade value. In the future very far from now for example attention itself could become a currency. All sorts of crazy things are possible once we get rid of this current hellhole.
In fact currency is only one use case for blockchains. If this is what I think it is, it can eventually replace even governments...
@_date: 2017-08-31 22:18:02
Thats very insightful. Thanks. How do you think the ICO bubble is going to tie into Bitcoin's future, as the two seem inter-related. 
Wouldn't an ICO crash hurt Bitcoin's credibility as a store of value, if people start dumping Bitcoin to cash on their ICOs?
@_date: 2017-08-28 20:43:16
lol, it doesn't matter how much people say I am a shill. The proof is in the pudding. I supported core until now.
Now people can't use bitcoins to buy my stuff because is fees and confirmation times are ridiculous, as if the ID verification and all the gov stuff isn't bad enough.
Maybe this is the plan of the big banks funding Blockstream, to make Bitcoin so slow and painful to use that nobody will even bother. 
And the L2 layer stuff? It's not ready. If it is where is it? Lightning was proposed in 2014 if I recall correctly. What do we have, a non tested beta thing? 
If they want to limit main chain to 1mb fine, give us the lightning and l2, but don't limit main chain to 1mb when nothing else is ready. Nothing is going to magically write code for people to flip over to lightning and segwit overnight, and since lightning doesn't even have an ecosystem yet, it's insane to ask merchants to all use it.
I keep hearing give it time, give it time, when the problem was first mentioned at 300mb, people said give it time, when the first flooded mempools came people said give it time, now we are finally at breaking point with no end in sight and people are still saying give it time??
if Blockstreams goal is to strangle Bitcoin so things like Paypal and HSBC look appealing, then they have already achieved their goal. We have a unnecessary hard fork, and may have another one coming soon, all because 3-5 dudes wouldn't allow 2mb blocks. The community is split right in half.
Divide and conquer right? I want the Bitcoin dream to be real, we know both sides have valid points. The community needs to save itself before it implodes.
@_date: 2017-08-04 03:12:52
His arguments are sort of weak, what is stopping the government/banks regulating Bitcoin in the same way they do with fiat? Sure they can't dock fees off Bitcoin, but look at what has happened so far.
The USA simply rules Bitcoin as a non-currency, regulates the purchase of it, making it hard to buy easily, then confiscates it when it suits them. China can stop exchanges withdrawing Bitcoin. 
Remember there is nothing inherently bad about fiat, it only got bad because the powers that be got greedy and are left unchecked without war, rebellion etc. The credit system is actually a boon when not abused, it is why people still feel safer paying with a credit card. The current fiat problem is a symptom of corrupt powerful people rather than the cause.
Technology is surely NOT the real challenge here, after all fiat is also just a bunch of digital numbers, albeit centralised. Bitcoin is superior, but we still need institutions to exchange Bitcoin into other services, goods and currencies. Institutions which will ultimately be regulated by the powerful rich like fiat is.
Governments and banks currently have the final say in what is legal money and what is illegal money and their absolute control on your money is basically how they get rich whilst everyone else gets poorer.
It's interesting he uses China as an example, sure electronic transfers are huge, but they all transfer in RMB. What makes him think a government allowed solution in the USA won't be USD based like Paypal is and subject to the exact same controls and greed that make us hate fiat and the financial system in the first place?
Remember Bitcoin is actually illegal to use to pay for stuff in China, he is literally making a U shaped argument.
The real discussion should really be how to make Bitcoin or Bitcoin backed technologies to go viral without regulatory help.
@_date: 2017-01-23 21:34:06
i hate the big banks, but they haven't lost a single battle yet. Look at the current situation, most people rely on debit cards and credit cards to do anything, and the only option we have is Coinbase, which itself is heavily regulated. Bitcoin has been around for ages now, nothing indicates that Bitcoin is going to escape big bank regulations anytime soon. In fact all evidence points to an increase in crushing regulations on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:32:29
Kind of. If the large LN hubs were connected to fiat, then that an advantage little people wouldn't have. Sure you could create a hub and businesses can ask for an extra step, but the extra step is going to prevent people from doing so. 
Then - You just have Paypal all over again. Paypal was not always the monster it is now.
@_date: 2017-08-29 10:22:49
Nobody knows because Lightning isn't actually used yet, that's not very comforting considering core is forcing us merchants to use Lightning when it is basically not in use.
The fact that there is no consensus in what it actually is is pretty worrying. I believe there are 3 different versions at the moment in dev.
This idea that anyone can compete is pretty silly. You know anyone can build a Bitcoin company right? So let's say I am a large hub and I have connections to get fiat converted. How is an entry level competitor going to compete with me?
Bitcoin's key selling point is removing the third party, once you add a third party like Bitpay or any Lightning company it centralises the power on the hub. This is unavoidable, even within Bitcoin power is centralised in some manner to miners and people who own a lot of Bitcoin, that is just economics.
The more important thing is avoiding the kind of monopoly that Visa, MasterCard and banks have over the financial system. Lightning seems to be about solving this problem, but whether it will achieve it is a completely different story. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:26:14
You mean blockchain in general though. Bitcoin is the first use case app of blockchain.
@_date: 2017-08-30 22:25:06
That’s a good point. Only i don’t actually wanna use Bitcoin Cash. I just want a Bitcoin with reasonable fees until L2 is ready which it isn’t.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:52:41
Wow ok this happened to me on the Trump reddit when I talked about net neutrality people asked me to get lost and then I got banned...
Hope it doesn't happen to me here
If you go further back in my history I supported Bitcoin core over bitcoin unlimited/cash but i'm not going to treat the core as some kind of cult religion thing, they did not create Bitcoin for sure. I am grateful for their work, but it doesn't make them gods.
Anyways I did not expect to be attacked like that on this sub. Please try to offer an opposing view instead of just being a penis.
@_date: 2017-08-04 03:39:08
Good points - I agree. 
@_date: 2017-01-13 17:26:01
how do you develop apps for bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-08-18 04:54:10
Can someone explain to me how lightning is not Paypal? Honest question (bearing in mind Paypal also started off relatively free and without regulation, until they effectively became a bank)
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:01:09
Well how big of a factor is the IMMUTABILITY feature, if everyone is forced to use secondary layer? 
Edit: You can say interbank transactions behind the scenes are somewhat immutable enforced by the law, the problem is transparency. The immutability feature is only useful if people can actually see what is going on, which won't be the case if the primary layer becomes entirely backend. It's a balance in my opinion, we don't want to get to the point where the primary layer is inaccessible which seems to be the direction Blockstream is taking Bitcoin with Bitcoin main chain's current fee to transaction ratio.
And yes it is a public database, but that doesn't stop smart people to hide what is going on, exactly how the big banks are currently doing it.
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:42:29
If there was hard evidence then we wouldn't even be discussing this in the first place. You can't deny its plausible though, I mean this 1mb thing has been going for years. Under normal reason the core team knew the transaction fees and waiting times will explode at some point.
The question is why didn't they do something about it? They claim the reasons are entirely technical, but then they collaborate with this for profit Blockstream entity...so you are not at least slightly uncomfortable with the idea?
Of course it could all be benign and people are just being paranoid, but what if it isn't. Venture capital so close to the core of the code just makes me very uncomfortable.
But somebody else on Reddit made a good point, if Bitcoin can't handle something like that, then it won't stand a chance against entire banking industry and governments and so on. So in a way, it's an interesting test. 
Don't get me wrong, even if this conspiracy theory is true, Bitcoin will still be a massive upgrade to this hellhole we have right now.
@_date: 2017-08-07 21:29:19
Tell that to the 95% of my customers who get confused at the concept of Bitcoin being in decimal points...I made an entire ELI5 guide on Bitcoin for them, and they still couldn't understand it and asked to use Paypal.
Like it or not, the community needs to admit that Bitcoin will not go mainstream until it is as easy to use as a credit card, and that's without having to purchase coins at an exchange and transfer them to your wallet and so on.
@_date: 2017-08-28 21:06:11
No the simple answer is just Blockstream is just arrogant. L2 solutions will still be necessary and profitable with 2mb which is why this whole debate is ridiculous.
They basically won the battle, then now they still have to proceed to do tea bagging on the bodies. Segwit was activated, Bcash looks like its going nowhere, Bitcoin Unlimited died. They are the victors, the community choose core, yet they just can't get enough of the ego.
@_date: 2017-08-31 20:51:37
What are you smoking? O_O
@_date: 2017-08-30 13:50:22
@_date: 2016-12-19 01:37:07
A bit of a wildcard...lets hope he cuts some of these compliance regulations . I think he will be better than Hillary just because he wants to shake things up. Instability is good for Bitcoin.
What could go wrong is his cabinet of goldman bankers decide to go ater Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-25 14:57:37
This 100% , Bitcoin developers seem to seriously lack the understanding of how stupid the average monkey is. They have trouble even using Coinbase.
@_date: 2017-08-30 08:34:09
Gotcha, so how far along is the system currently in development? I subscribed to the newsletter, but either I missed it, or I haven't got the latest updates. 
I don't know if, you would make much money from it, but say if you can make 10-20usd a month running a node. I don't see why not, and certainly would like to run one myself.
In terms of Fiat, I meant larger companies are likely the ones that get processing facilities for Fiat, thus being able to merge LN with fiat services, giving them a competitive advantage. This is already the case anyways, which is why companies like Coinbase has such dominance in the market. You can argue Bitcoin is already experiencing some forms of centralisation because of the regulations fiat has put, on what is required to turn fiat into Bitcoin. This a big bottleneck problem at the moment, and is completely the intention of the financial institutions of major countries to slow down the development of crypto.
@_date: 2017-08-30 09:13:42
Who is going to take that alt coin then? The point is nobody is using or know alt coins, and you can't suddenly force everyone to use Litecoin or Monero when there is no ecosystem around it. The current cryptocurrency ecosystem in India and these countries are build around Bitcoin.
This is the same problem with Bitcoin Cash, who is going to accept Bitcoin case when Bitcoin is like the USD of the crypto world. Nobody - which is why nobody is using Bitcoin Cash. Ecosystems don't just change by a flip of the switch.
Until Lightning and other solutions become more accepted and used, Bitcoin needs to have low tx fees period. Why this isn't an urgent problem and people keep doing mental acrobatics to twist their dicks explaining a 1mb cap is beyond my understanding.
@_date: 2017-08-30 14:13:11
I am aware SegWit can hit 2mb. I specifically mean 2mb blocks. I am no wizard but I am trying my best to understand how to implement Lightning.
I don't need to be aware of the technical details, when there are numerous developers like Jeff and Gavin who know what they are talking about and agreeing with a mild block size increase, if I don't know what I am talking about. They do.
The reality is fees are high, miners mining empty blocks, segwit is getting implemented slowly, this reality could have been prevented.
And YEAH we won't be able to make you guys work faster to get Lightning become mainstream quicker, so why hold the main chain ransom? All you are doing is putting pressure on yourselves.
I'm sure you have reasons on why it can't be done, but there are numerous equally talented developers who say it can be done.
Regardless, if you want to measure by "reality", then the reality is people are still relying on Bitcoin for micropayments and when the fees are as high as the payments, that is a problem. 
The two sides can't agree with each other for 3 years, fine, but don't make the users and ecosystem suffer for it. The miners have activated SegWit, its time for core to compromise and raise to 2mb.
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:21:51
haha true, well as long as you hold bitcoin already it's fine isn't it...
@_date: 2017-08-27 19:49:13
Truth. This is a mess, we need to put pressure on core. I know everyone loves core here, but lightning really isn't ready for prime time for merchants like me. I am already getting screwed by CC processors I don't need to now be unable to take BTC.
People called me a shill here, but I supported core over Bitcoin unlimited because I believed they were the better team, but this refusal and arrogance over the smallest compromise is getting ridiculous.
Yes the miners maybe spamming the network and Bitcoin Cash is making things worst, but Bitcoin is meant to be able to sustain these kinds of moves. This is clearly showing the limitations of the current implementation. The value of Bitcoin will plummet if news started spreading that it is no longer usable.
Lightning argument is stupid because nobody is using sidechains at the moment. It's not even fully rolled out yet, and it's nowhere near usable for ordinary wordpress website owners like me. I'm not some wizard that can alter my website code at will.
I hope core just resolves this by settling for 2mb increase instead of this bomb they are diving into, though that is wishful thinking on my part. 
I really don't care what the solution is, just make the fees come down. It needs to be at least competitive with Paypal. 
I am not looking to get banned from this sub - I don't mind core at all, but please acknowledge they are not perfect, this is entirely within their power to fix. They are trying to win an argument instead of thinking about everyone who could get hurt by this.
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:25:40
Perhaps politics will be the undoing of what I call "blockchain fantasy" Bitcoin is the first use case for blockchain, if it ends up broken or centralised we then know it was just an "ideal" and blockchain is not really the innovation it taunts itself as, because it turns out a democracy always turns into a shitshow (for a lack of a better word).
In that regard Blockstream is killing the dream. You have to kind of think these people are not lazy bums like the rest of us, how the hell did a simple network upgrade take so damn long, even before the proposal they had a long time to do this. You can't think they didn't expect this kind of volume either.
The main chain will always be the main chain, and it sounds like so long as the core devs are insistent on scaling slowly or not scaling at all this is heading towards either a centralised kind of payment system or the whole thing will implode.
Like it or not nobody is really going to successfully fork the coin, and have the majority follow it. To pull this off would require a kind of impossible to achieve expertise and persuasion. The main chain IS the current ecosystem, and the core devs are the gatekeepers to the code. This was unavoidable for any decentralised blockchain, Ethereum, for example has a defacto leader. Ultimately even open source projects have leaders.
And by the way, the debate is pretty much settled on the Visa vs Bitcoin scaling argument, NOBODY should expect Bitcoin to scale like Visa unless computing power grows to monstrous levels, however, that said when the fees are comparable with Stripe and Paypal, this has gone completely wrong.
People should not be forced onto side chains, side chains should be peripheral to the main chain. If the side chain/s becomes the ONLY method of frictionless payments, then this is just Paypal all over again, as one side chain will beat them all and become THE side chain.
Perhaps being regulated and centralised will be a sign of Bitcoins success - who knows? 
I would like it to stay decentralised and free of the banksters it was meant to defeat, worst case scenario is this implodes with the increased difficulty of mining, politics and so on.
I would say to core, what's wrong with a win/win compromise? some core devs might be on Blockstream, but dropping the arrogance would make all the difference. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:25:16
Bitcoin is almost 10 years old. The equivalent would be like a bunch of people refused to increase the internet bandwidth from 56k for years.
@_date: 2017-08-30 08:58:02
and what is the state of the current two? As I understand neither will help this guy anytime soon. I suppose they are just meant to starve then.
@_date: 2017-08-29 10:03:05
I'm not confused, all I want is for fees to be fixed. I actually rely on Bitcoin for my day to day livelihood.
It seems some of you are the ones who are confused about the situation. You seem to be confusing protocols in development as ready to use on the same level as Bitpay. 
The fee problem isn't going away, it has been getting worst. The NYA agreement said activate segwit and get to 2mb in 6 months, that seems completely sane and reasonable to me. 
If somebody can tell me how to implement lightning and segwit easily like Bitpay and Woocommerce, then please go ahead and correct me. I am already accepting Litecoin and Ether, and nobody wants to use those.
@_date: 2016-12-19 01:22:41
Yes, I know what you mean - that's why I am frustrated :)
@_date: 2016-12-19 09:28:07
: (
@_date: 2016-12-19 01:06:06
Great write-up! This is so spot on, and so central to my current frustrations at the situation.
Well the issue is people need to buy Bitcoin somehow, and that money has to come from Fiat, but Fiat&gt;Bitcoin is highly regulated, which is why Coinbase is the only real option now.
Regulations lobbied by the fiat bankers make it extremely difficult to purchase Bitcoins, unless you are exceedingly compliant like Coinbase is, and when you are that compliant you eliminate the advantages of Bitcoin in the first place.
So Coinbase is like the hero who has turned into a villian.
The problem is essentially a conflict of interest, if banks made it easily legal for Fiat to convert into Bitcoin then essentially it will undercut everything else, such as bank charge, bank transaction fees, credit card fees.
The levers of power will always remain with the rich and powerful, which will be the guys running and leeching off the central banking system.
So Bitcoin is missing something that skirts the "compliance", unfortunately this is a very sensitive issue, and any innovation is likely to have to be done under the nose without much attention drawn to it. If anyone has any idea on how to do this, I would love to hear it.
And this isn't about trying to be unethical, its just the "compliance" given by the government is clearly not about anti-money laundering, it's much more to make Bitcoin as difficult as possible to convert from Fiat, so we can be ethical and still skirt around compliance, just like companies like Uber and Skype, just nobody has figured out how yet.
@_date: 2016-12-19 09:34:05
Does Gemini allow other methods like credit card or debit card? Or is Coinbase the only one who has got that (by I guess colluding with wall street)...
The issue is something like people check out, sees Bitcoin option, goes to try to buy Bitcoin, finds out they need to wait a few working days to get it cleared.
Is this an oddly US thing? bank transfers in UK and HK are often almost instant.
@_date: 2017-08-30 02:36:59
Thats kind of like saying anyone can run a website...
The fact that LN needs Bitcoin front up means large hubs routing many payments will likely be companies with money. Companies can get permission from finance systems to convert fiat. For example if you can get master card/visa processing then you can act as an exchange. 
^ If the original payee can front up the equivalent amount of Bitcoin, then LN would be pointless, the whole idea I believe is that others front up the money on the main chain to run LN nodes, so much lower fees can be leveraged on LN. 
What we call an exchange is just a company that sets up a wallet for you, but can exchange your BTC for fiat. Thus any company can also implement LN to lower fees, and if the company is large with lots of Bitcoins like Coinbase, then they can route a lot of payments and act as a large hub/node, they then can vet people who use their node exactly like Paypal can. 
I believe this is already accepted by LN developers, and their argument is that there will be so many large nodes, that problems like Paypal won't actually happen.
There are not many incentives for normal people to set up LN nodes to my understanding, though they are part of the proposed solution for splitting responsibility in each payment. Small nodes are unlikely to be sufficient, and my understanding is large nodes are expected and centralisation of multiple channels is also expected by the proponents of LN. E.g having many large nodes.
@_date: 2016-12-19 09:27:38
nootropics site
edit: you would think that these kinds of customers would be fine with Bitcoin, but they are not.
@_date: 2016-12-19 20:41:49
neat. thanks!
@_date: 2016-12-19 09:41:24
This will could end up with China regulating Bitcoin like the US have, further slowing down the development in Bitcoin.
The issue for China should be why is there so much capital outflow in the first place? 
@_date: 2017-08-31 22:29:48
This actually poses an interesting problem. Bitcoins are worth a lot of money, it's gaining popularity and traction, but it can't be used as a payment system...yet.
Think about it - If Uber wanted to implement Bitcoin, they can't because the fees would be prohibitive. This would be the same for every other major company, no matter how popular Bitcoin is. 
Lightning is in Github, so Bitcoin is currently popular, because it's famous and for no other reason. It doesn't actually have a use case, other than being worth a lot of money and the value keeps going up. Hell even if the chain size limit was lifted, Bitcoin still has the bottleneck problem of having to go through companies that follow regulation and verify customers to turn fiat into Bitcoin. It is far from the ecosystem it sells itself as.
Doesn't this kind of defeat the point of Bitcoin? It's kind of like saying you know Ebay is getting very popular and everyone wants to get onboard, only you can't actually trade on it.
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:17:33
That's a scary thought. Second scenario is actually far worst.
@_date: 2017-08-26 00:10:45
I like this reasoning.
Perhaps this is exactly what should be happening, even if it was done on purpose, forcing the ecosystem into the secondary layer and beyond.
hmhmm - but what if the fees drive people out of Bitcoin, currently the fees are outpacing implementation of LN. 
I guess it's ok as long as you already hold Bitcoin. It's going to cause trouble for me for sure as people are paying me with Bitcoin, i'm going to look at allowing Litecoin which is kind of like a side chain.
edit: actually you are right, if we do it at this stage barrier of entry is lower, but surely it's actually easier to centralise now than when the system is much larger? I'm so confused now...
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:42:23
Edit 2: It actually says they are working on it:
I only read Blockstream is also helping out on LN.
Blockstream also has their own solution:
So even if they are not working on LN, if repaying venture capital is their goal, there is still incentive to push high fees on the main chain.
Edit: Yes you are right, if Blockstream is not working on LN then there is less conflict of interest.
I actually don't see a problem with this in MODERATION, after all Ethereum has a defacto leader they even had the DAO which blew up. The issue is more like, there needs to be a compromise, at the moment it's an all or nothing. I personally don't want to see the main chain becoming unusable at the current market cap (which is nothing in financial terms).
And I fully know not all core devs are in Blockstream, but enough of them are in Blockstream for Blockstream to sway code on core.
@_date: 2017-08-28 17:09:36
I use coinpayments.net I don't know how to implement segwit or any of this L2 stuff. I'm using Woocommerce. I just added ether and litecoin, but nobody uses those. BTC is still the most popular cryptocurrency and the most well known one. 
@_date: 2017-08-25 23:25:23
The problem is more conflict of interests rather than rejection of side chains, anyone who thinks side chains are unnecessary is stupid.
The issue people are worrying is we have devs that are not only working on core bitcoin, but also working on the main side chain solution whilst getting venture capital in a company called Blockstream, which requires profits for sure.
This wouldn't be such a big worry if it wasn't for the fact that the devs seem insistent on making the main chain unusable much more faster than it should be. A compromise is needed here.
So when you add all these factors together you can understand why some people are uncomfortable with Blockstream, especially their ultimate goals. Seeing on their team page they have financial analysts, marketing people and product managers and so on. It's looking more like the kind of institution we were hoping to eliminate in the first place.
@_date: 2016-12-19 01:14:23
A lot of products and services fall outside of the insurance of standard payment gateways, if you happen to sell one of these, your only option is really Bitcoin.
Now you might argue those kind of customers SHOULD know how to use Bitcoins because of what they are buying, but most of them still just want a simple payment process. The fact is most online shoppers are impatient.
Maybe mainstream consumer isn't the right word. Most of them are OPEN to trying to use Bitcoin, its just when they have to scan their passport and then for Coinbase to put a $40 limit on them they give up.
And if you can't easily buy Bitcoins to buy those goods and services in the first place, why would you bother with Bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-12-19 10:38:15
Interesting! It has been sounding like a castle of cards for a while...
That said they have been sounding alarms since god knows when, there was the big stock market crash earlier this year for example.
@_date: 2016-12-19 10:29:57
So is forcing people to hold onto Yuan without consequence? China seems to so far have been able to do this dictatorship free market thing without a crash...yet.
@_date: 2017-11-21 15:48:02
To be honest, apart from a store of value, the primary use case of bitcoin which is people using the internet to buy goods and services is getting bogged down by increasing transaction fees. 
My primary suspicion is that most core devs and people here don't actually use and receive Bitcoin as a currency. 
If you buy and hold Bitcoin, or develop for Bitcoin but don't actually partake in trading it, you basically can deny this problem exists for people who have to send and receive it all the time.
As I merchant I know exactly the pain points my customers go through to buy my stuff. I also have to use Bitcoin to purchase stuff.
Nobody knows the economics of the future. It is unclear whether you need a use-case at all for a "store of value", other than being able to move relatively large amounts around vs coffee sized transaction to be worth the way Bitcoin is being valued.
After all, what exactly is the use-case for gold? Making a vault to swim in?
Bitcoin may be worth a lot of money BECAUSE it is slow and illiquid, and as we know now highly leveraged by things like Tether, and very soon CME futures.
Whilst there is merit in "digital gold hypothesis", Bitcoin was designed to be used a currency and not as something for people to hold and and do nothing else
If Segwit and Lightning don't take off then bcash will take over the use-case. 1mb Bitcoin is pretty much a speculative and scarce "asset". 
That's why you don't see much talk about use-cases here at all. The current main use case is "digital gold".
@_date: 2017-11-07 07:26:35
Yeah there is a group with opposite view, it’s called Bitcoin Cash. This is just a power play to get one on the core devs.
@_date: 2017-11-09 07:14:11
Well spoken. Exactly, my thoughts.
@_date: 2017-11-06 20:30:55
I thought Bitcoins get harder to mine over time? So you are saying as long as the users don't budge, then the miners can't do anything?
@_date: 2017-11-07 07:32:01
Well yes there is an alternate view group, they got Bitcoin Cash. 8MB blocks. I don’t see any communities or support for 2X, apart from the NYA companies and miners. So this is essentially a top down move.
If this was meant to be an upgrade, then so far it has been a disaster, causing even more hate from different sides. A 2mb upgrade is not worth all the pain this will cause.
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:18:53
People like you are why I support core despite the high fees!
@_date: 2017-11-12 22:28:22
No no no no. Just no. We are not going to go so low.
Just because somebody went to prison and has no programming background doesn't mean they are a bad person.
r/bitcoin should know better, how many innocent people get thrown into jail for menial crimes - have you guys forgotten the values of Bitcon's original vision? Are you guys going to bend over to KYC/AML BS laws now?
If you guys wanna attack, attack the fraud Craig Wright. Roger may have differing views, but he was an early believer and investor in the Bitcoin ecosystem.
I am disappointed this post got 600 upvotes.
We can win on our own merit, and do not need to resort tasteless smear material like this one, if we go so low, how different are we than the corrupt government and mainstream media?
Whoever made this is frankly disgusting and tasteless. are a disgrace for pushing this kind of material.
@_date: 2017-11-29 02:06:26
I doubt it since most Bitcoin users are hodlers...
@_date: 2017-11-06 20:29:20
Bitcoin's price is based on supply and demand, how would losing 85% hashrate affect the price do you think?
@_date: 2017-11-21 23:22:57
I think you are drawing false inferences from my comment. I never suggested they aren't, I am on the Lightning dev Slack myself. I am fully aware of the progress of where things are at the moment with the scalability solution.
Segwit is slowly being integrated, so will be Lightning. You have 3 implementations of Lightning. The one by Blockchain.com hasn't been updated in 2 years. The one Blockstream is working on is wanting to define Lightning in a very specific way, using their own companies technologies. 
The remaining is the Lightning Network Daemon, which is pretty far along, currently worked on by just a few people at most, most of whom seem like they are doing academic work instead of the urgency of upgrading a billion dollar network, but very security and quality code focused which is fantastic. 
Which is fine, but I am saying the entire Bitcoin scalability currently depends on 2-4 genius academics, and that their hypothesis turns out to be right basically.
Lightning like Segwit, will be extra software to write for web and app developers. Upgrading Bitcoin infrastructure on an operational company is not easy, it's like trying to add new engine components in mid flight.
On the other hand Bitcoin Cash or Bcash is a simple cryptocurrency swap in the code, as evidenced by a wallet like UNIT, which forks the Bread Wallet and just replaces BTC with BCC.
Don't get me wrong. **Lightning is the dream, and the idea of centralized massive super nodes scare me**, but if it doesn't show results soon people will use BCC for paying merchants instead.
Now let's play a hypothetical ball game here. If core wasn't so adamant about 1mb (as far as I can tell a purely ideological and academic standpoint), there would be essentially no fee problem for Bitcoin in the short term, but since they have dug their feet in on this. Their layer 2 scalability has to work, and it has to be adopted quickly.
Remember, when core first dug their feet in on 1mb ( a very justifiable cause for small node sizes), that was early this year, when the mempool wasn't flooded. Circumstances have changed significantly since then. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 09:19:51
Countless large scale protests have already happened in the past decade since 2008, What does protesting achieve? Nothing.
Help Bitcoin to fight the super elites hypocrisy when it comes to taxes and fees.
@_date: 2017-11-06 20:27:03
Cool, so we can go on without the miners in China?
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:35:52
What is the absolute worst case scenario? I can't seem to figure it out. It seems the majority is assuming that the NYA companies will eventually back out, what if they refuse to budge? 
If we end up having incompatible systems, wouldn't this make Bitcoin dysfunctional and cause the price to tank?
@_date: 2017-11-17 17:20:15
Did everyone have this toy? This brings back memories...cries...
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:22:12
“Capitalism, because of the rarely acknowledged drag of market inertia and resultant excessive capital to change, is a conservative system, and conservative systems generate status quos.
You could have just said that and I would have agreed with you, the moment I wrote that petrol line - I knew it was the weak link. 
What I was trying to say, was petrol is an example of how things don’t change easily via a bunch of reasons, including the nature of capitalism itself which is driven by self-interest. Another prime example would be NFC payments. In newer countries these are widespread, but in older countries they are only just coming about.
My point is it’s “complicated”. I would say that software does seem to disrupt differently, as petrol is a capital intensive industry, but I won’t go into the nuances of that as I would end up writing something as long as what you wrote.
The zealotry is bad on both sides, fanatics exists on both sides. Calling Bitcoin a fraud, only for criminals and worthless is going way too far, as well as the ultra libertarian people that seems to forget that predators and stupid people are common.
The way I see it is - ideally the regulationist’s dystopia can be REFORMED not REPLACED. The Bitcoin fanatics play an important dynamic to not let the commnunity make the status quo think they can keep the status quo, but ultimately their goals are unrealistic and unprobable. 
I guess the question is will the regulators do the right thing and protect the community or will they just guard their own self interests and I don’t think there is a really clear answer. If you look at the bit license thing in NY , there were valid concerns, and also there are valid concerns with ICOs that nobody here wants to talk about (I got soft banned for bringing it up), but did it stifle Bitcoin’s development - sure. I don’t think the guy who came up with the bit license had “evil intentions” per say.
What i’m trying to say is I don’t like this thing we constantly have online these days, where people simplify the problem and just villify the other side, though I also don’t like when people assume that the ones in power are powerless and only subject to circumstances and generally want the best for everyone else. That is simply not true. The true reality is for every ecosystem you have thousands and thousands of people and they all act in different ways. It’s more like a tapestry. It’s like this in every industry.
The banking industry - I know people who are very good friends of mine, but I also know people that are genuinely the horrible people the anti-banking people talk about. If we evaluate on a macro level the entire banking industry is problematic, if it wasn’t then Bitcoin wouldn’t even exist.
Going back to the petrol industry, or automobiles on the macro level the industry is not problematic in the same way banking currently is. By and large like you described everything in the auto/petrol industry is driven by economics and existing eco systems. The banking industry is quasi-government which makes it very different to other industries in that it has extreme legal power over citizens. The centralisation of banking powers have essentially created a monster. Just the fact that citizens money can be mixed with investment banks is just one of the many examples, most of which you are familiar with.
Do hundreds of banking systems exists for real reasons and have use, and have inertia yeah sure, and those people working on these systems are not inherently evil or bad, or part of some cartel. Most of them are not anyways, but overall the banking industry is a over rewarded bubble that is detached from real market forces. 
And the reason why I am here - is I believe we may have a chance to break this bubble which is 50% of our economy and let the productivity of all these brilliant people working in finance to work in other things instead.
Edit: And yes I believe that would require reaching the aisle and talking with the regulators and big players, and like you said - these people aren’t stupid, they want a piece of the action too, they already understand the potential of this technology, as long as the Bitcoin community don’t give up their core values then ultimately we could end up with something much better. There are win win solutions.
And anyhow I don’t believe you can simply destroy these people anyways, a lot of them have a lot of money and influence, what is important is to know that there are good people over the fence, but there are also wolves, and the same goes for people on the Bitcoin side too.
@_date: 2017-09-19 22:02:50
I’ve been reading this stuff for a decade. The last time I believed it was when I sold all my Biotech stocks, the S&amp;P was at 1900 at the time, and I didn’t think it could go much higher because I was convinced by this kind of news China was about to blow up from shadow banking.
The fact is China doesn’t really obey the rules of markets because China simply doesn’t play by the rules. The stock market is dropping? They just STOP the stock market. This makes it very hard to figure out whether China is really on the cusp of imminent failure, or the rosy picture they paint themselves in. Basically -nobody but the central government knows the real situation - everything else is just conjecture. 
Again - I’ve been reading the same doomsday China story for 10 years now. China doesn’t play by any free market rules at all, this heavy handed approach has worked for them so far and I would gather all these numbers mean nothing, as China just makes them up. What their internal thinktanks actually know is any bodies guess, but there is such a huge degree of control in the media and numbers given out that basically anything that could disrupt their economy is immediately put to rest before it even appears.
China is also extremely paranoid about going through what happened to Japan. Japan which embraced free market rules and allowed their markets to integrate fairly in the end got burned. This is why China has hundreds of experts working on how to keep China defying the free market no matter how much intervention they need to do, even if it means having to completely eliminate any market logic, thus going back to communism. The ban on Bitcoin is an example of the lengths they would go for controlling capital outflow.
The Chinese state itself owns a huge amount of stake in every large conglomerate in China, complicating any comparison to other countries in history.
@_date: 2017-09-21 13:15:43
@_date: 2017-09-15 03:22:12
“Capitalism, because of the rarely acknowledged drag of market inertia and resultant excessive capital to change, is a conservative system, and conservative systems generate status quos.
You could have just said that and I would have agreed with you, the moment I wrote that petrol line - I knew it was the weak link. 
What I was trying to say, was petrol is an example of how things don’t change easily via a bunch of reasons, including the nature of capitalism itself which is driven by self-interest. Another prime example would be NFC payments. In newer countries these are widespread, but in older countries they are only just coming about.
My point is it’s “complicated”. I would say that software does seem to disrupt differently, as petrol is a capital intensive industry, but I won’t go into the nuances of that as I would end up writing something as long as what you wrote.
The zealotry is bad on both sides, fanatics exists on both sides. Calling Bitcoin a fraud, only for criminals and worthless is going way too far, as well as the ultra libertarian people that seems to forget that predators and stupid people are common.
The way I see it is - ideally the regulationist’s dystopia can be REFORMED not REPLACED. The Bitcoin fanatics play an important dynamic to not let the commnunity make the status quo think they can keep the status quo, but ultimately their goals are unrealistic and unprobable. 
I guess the question is will the regulators do the right thing and protect the community or will they just guard their own self interests and I don’t think there is a really clear answer. If you look at the bit license thing in NY , there were valid concerns, and also there are valid concerns with ICOs that nobody here wants to talk about (I got soft banned for bringing it up), but did it stifle Bitcoin’s development - sure. I don’t think the guy who came up with the bit license had “evil intentions” per say.
What i’m trying to say is I don’t like this thing we constantly have online these days, where people simplify the problem and just villify the other side, though I also don’t like when people assume that the ones in power are powerless and only subject to circumstances and generally want the best for everyone else. That is simply not true. The true reality is for every ecosystem you have thousands and thousands of people and they all act in different ways. It’s more like a tapestry. It’s like this in every industry.
The banking industry - I know people who are very good friends of mine, but I also know people that are genuinely the horrible people the anti-banking people talk about. If we evaluate on a macro level the entire banking industry is problematic, if it wasn’t then Bitcoin wouldn’t even exist.
Going back to the petrol industry, or automobiles on the macro level the industry is not problematic in the same way banking currently is. By and large like you described everything in the auto/petrol industry is driven by economics and existing eco systems. The banking industry is quasi-government which makes it very different to other industries in that it has extreme legal power over citizens. The centralisation of banking powers have essentially created a monster. Just the fact that citizens money can be mixed with investment banks is just one of the many examples, most of which you are familiar with.
Do hundreds of banking systems exists for real reasons and have use, and have inertia yeah sure, and those people working on these systems are not inherently evil or bad, or part of some cartel. Most of them are not anyways, but overall the banking industry is a over rewarded bubble that is detached from real market forces. 
And the reason why I am here - is I believe we may have a chance to break this bubble which is 50% of our economy and let the productivity of all these brilliant people working in finance to work in other things instead.
Edit: And yes I believe that would require reaching the aisle and talking with the regulators and big players, and like you said - these people aren’t stupid, they want a piece of the action too, they already understand the potential of this technology, as long as the Bitcoin community don’t give up their core values then ultimately we could end up with something much better. There are win win solutions.
And anyhow I don’t believe you can simply destroy these people anyways, a lot of them have a lot of money and influence, what is important is to know that there are good people over the fence, but there are also wolves, and the same goes for people on the Bitcoin side too.
@_date: 2017-09-14 22:40:32
who is this man you are referring to?
i think imo that’s way too much a black and white view in my opinion, technology is a tool sure, but people who work in banks and governments are not all honorable world loving people who like the idea of cutting out inefficiencies, many happen to benefit immensely from the status quo. Why do you think we have been using petrol for so long?
On the other hand, not all crypto supporters are anarchists which seek to bypass governments, etc, but many people are using blockchain tech to commit fraud. It’s just not such a black and white issue. Many regulations stifle innovation, but protect people at the same time.
Taking such a one sided view is exactly how we ended up in such a divided society both economically and perspective wise.
To challenge your view, how does Bitcoins mishaps measure with the likes of the mortgage backed security fraud, interbank fixing, Bernie Madoff and hundreds of cases where lives have been ruined? What about the people panicking because they are worried that Bitcoin will undermined? 
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:40:25
perhaps this is just politics and we have to get used to it. i like how he talks like they own bitcoin
@_date: 2017-09-19 21:39:24
That’s because China currently allows VPNs, slated to be completely banned by early next year, heard from my sister which lives there. Unofficial unlicensed VPN are already banned causing reduced access, it is likely complete or almost complete VPN ban is coming. Western media has painted China in too much good light, especially to paint people like Trump and Brexit in bad light, in reality their citizens are trapped in a totalitarian regime, where the government holds absolute power. The current administration in China has continually rolled back advances to open up China made by the last, its all mainly because they don’t want people to revolt or take money or power from the central government which is raking in billions and their children live abroad.
@_date: 2017-10-25 11:28:04
My worries is that reddit just represents a tech literate part of the community, there are millions of users who know nothing about segwit2x. They are just storing their coins on Coinbase. None of the big businesses have budged. Well I guess I should have not expected any better. This is a corporate take over. 
@_date: 2017-10-11 19:16:26
Don't even compare this humble Japanese man with that FRAUD.
@_date: 2017-09-20 02:32:37
oh that’s genius, how do you do it?
@_date: 2017-09-19 21:57:24
I agree. Another thing to consider is, does Bitcoin have the power of say the United States millitary behind it? There is complex politics behind fiat. People talk about fiat like it’s just a currency and nothing else. Fiat is the currency the government sponsors, which by extension means Fiat is backed by the entire infrastructure of government. 
Whilst it’s possible for a government to declare Bitcoin as THE currency of their country. There would be such massive political will required short of a war of some other complete collapse - I don’t see it happening, and even then its debatable whether Bitcoin would emerge as the go to currency. Simply put I think we are a decade away at least for Bitcoin to be that accepted. Bitcoin would need to advance significantly in both scale and technologically withside chains and other block chains to even be considered as government currency.
@_date: 2017-09-14 22:40:32
who is this man you are referring to?
i think imo that’s way too much a black and white view in my opinion, technology is a tool sure, but people who work in banks and governments are not all honorable world loving people who like the idea of cutting out inefficiencies, many happen to benefit immensely from the status quo. Why do you think we have been using petrol for so long?
On the other hand, not all crypto supporters are anarchists which seek to bypass governments, etc, but many people are using blockchain tech to commit fraud. It’s just not such a black and white issue. Many regulations stifle innovation, but protect people at the same time.
Taking such a one sided view is exactly how we ended up in such a divided society both economically and perspective wise.
To challenge your view, how does Bitcoins mishaps measure with the likes of the mortgage backed security fraud, interbank fixing, Bernie Madoff and hundreds of cases where lives have been ruined? What about the people panicking because they are worried that Bitcoin will undermined? 
@_date: 2017-09-19 21:49:14
I think thats a somewhat simplified view. I don’t see leaders hedging with Bitcoin. Government money will never be completely worthless, as it’s backed by powerful interest, the rich, the military, the entire legal structure of the country.
In scenarios where that has happened, the entire country fell apart. Bitcoin is not backed and will never be backed as the major currency by the United States Millitary or the communist party of China for example.
To get to that point, digital services will need to have advanced to the point where it can serve as an entire “trust layer” replacing ALL government functions such as public transport, utilities and so on.
That said if even 10% of currency is replaced by Bitcoin or cryptocurrency then I already consider it a massive success.
Bitcoin as itself doesn’t really function much other than a currency and a store of value, both of which by itself doesn’t come close to the complex politics behind Fiat.
Added to the fact that, this is all assuming the status quo will go down and accept Bitcoin without a fight. All evidence point to the contrary at the moment, from China making Bitcoin illegal, to governments seizing Bitcoins and declaring the need for draconian regulations. Fiat has a giant ecosystem that makes a bunch of people very rich for doing very little work relatively. These people will use every lever of power they can to prevent hyperbitcoinization.
As I said I think if we even achieve 10%, I think thats already a revolution. Don’t need to get to the point government money is worthless, as there will always be value so long as the country hasn’t fallen apart.
@_date: 2017-10-24 07:13:29
You can't deny Roger is a skilled promoter. I recommend this:
Word That Work: It's Not What You Say, It's What People Hear by Frank Luntz
You underestimate the power of politicians and businessmen like Craig Wright (fraudster) at your own peril. 
@_date: 2017-09-21 13:17:29
Let's hope not....this is the worst case scenario. I just wish China just got out of Bitcoin altogether and start their own chinacrapcoin. This China majority hash thing has been a stain on Bitcoin's decentralised credibility for a long time.
A Bitcoin infected with Chinese interests is the worst scenario possible....
@_date: 2017-10-25 07:20:44
We need to know what can be done instead.
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:35:36
true, if so then we just need to get used to this.
@_date: 2017-10-24 07:14:11
Jeez...What's in it for him? I just don't get it. He has Bitcoin Cash. He is already rich. Same with Jihan, but alas I have never been rich.
@_date: 2017-10-21 08:21:46
I think you should actually read what I wrote. I did say the hardware is probably safe. Just because a lot of people use it and trust it - doesn't mean it's a bright idea to trust Bitmain. Explain to me how I am wrong about China's influence on Jihan, his mines and his software? I couldn't care less about how many people trust him because he makes good hardware. 
By the way emperor Xi Jing Ping is consolidating his power at the moment, granting himself more iron fist powers over China. China has asked companies like Tencent for all their data before, if a company like Tencent can't say no - what chance does Bitmain have?
China IS a stain on bitcoin, where have you been for the last few years? It's kind of hard to say Bitcoin is a decentralised network when its computing power relies on lands owned by a communist party. I would invite you to look at legal laws regarding China land ownership and rental.
You should also look at historically where Bitcoin's volatility has been the worst. Hint: It's always something to do with the Chinese government.
Not to mention Jihan himself is currently leading the battle to enlarge blocks to unlimited, so it would make it hard for smaller players to enter the market, centralizing the mining power on himself/China further.
@_date: 2017-10-25 11:43:16
I'm confused:
If miners can force hash rate on a different client, what is the point of nodes? I am confused about this part. Nodes validate. The more nodes the more copies of the blockchain. But what is the incentive of running a node? 
You say consensus, so it would mean the nodes would have to use the same client as the miners to gain consensus. Right now there is no consensus, because nodes are intent on staying with core whilst mining is signalling 85% will go to Segwit2X.
So under this scenario, the nodes have nothing to validate, so if the nodes can't affect protocol changes then what is the point? This is where I get really confused.
Forget what Satoshi said about "the longest chain" anything he says can be taken into different contexts, including the terms "cash".
The issue is - how can the nodes actually act as part of the decision making system? 
So here we have a case, where the software layer (businesses), and the miners have ganged together to say ok we want our guys in control of the protocol, we want big blocks because it benefits us more.
The nodes have bargaining power - where? The users have zero because all exchanges need to do is label Segwit2x as Bitcoin. Yes people like me will understand how to stay on the main chain, but most people will just get shepered into 2x.
@_date: 2017-10-24 01:52:07
"It's not what you say, but what others hear." - Dr Frank Luntz 
You can call them enemies or you can call the disagreers. Words matter.
How would you feel if I called you an enemy?
Remember there are many people who can be flipped like myself. What do I hear, when I see someone saying anyone who disagrees with me is an ENEMY of Bitcoin. This rhetoric achieves nothing but more hate and conflict, not to mention the "figure of speech" insinuates that Bitcoin is command and control.
Replace Bitcoin with China and you might see what I mean.
@_date: 2017-10-02 13:05:06
can you explain better how layer 2 tech would happen? is your idea that new companies will take up lightning? is layer 2 operational without large companies like bitpay?
i am soft banned here hopefully you will see my comment. I’m actually on the 2x side but i like the points you made. My understanding is layer 2 is unproven and taking ages, which is why there is such a big appetite for a immediate blocksize increase, and refusing 2x has lost core a lot of political capital.
so you are kind of saying part of the reason is that nobody is going to move money so the value of the core chain will remain intact, the other one you are saying is the major companies are about to be flushed out - thats the point i’m interested to hear more about your thoughts on.
ok so coinbase is going to switch to 2x, let’s assume this causes people to hold because of uncertainty, l2 is far from commercial, so what happens?
@_date: 2017-10-02 16:38:48
This stuff looks awesome, but how would a non developer like me running a wordpress website be able to accept lightning payments? The fees are a huge problem for me right now. I run a website called Khemcorp and I take money in bitcoin.
Tim Berners also developed the web 2.0 open linked data thing which never took off because there is simply a lack of monetary incentive to publish data like that, in the end Google still to this day doesn't really use open linked data for search rankings.
Is there a way I can use this stuff to just generate an address? Does the sender also need to be using a lightning enabled service? (e.g. most customers are paying from Coinbase)
Why do some people like Jeff Garzik and others who worked on Bitcoin endorse 2x? How does increasing blocksize to only 2mb sacrifice security and robustness? 
Also if miners intend to do things like empty blocks - what is the method to make them less powerful in the whole ecosystem? 
Thanks for answering. I must say I still don't like the censorship on this subreddit, but your points have made me rethink the value of core greatly. If L2 can deliver more decentralization again that's great. I think the fact that one person in China can hold the entire chain hostage is unsettling to me, and imagine if the Chinese government took over secretly. This is my ultimate worry with Bitcoin.
Edit: Ok I think Coinbase is going to be the problem here (cockblock?). Most current Bitcoin as payments users are using Coinbase at the moment, just because Coinbase has the most connections with the banking world. If Coinbase does not enable lightning, customers will not bother with another wallet to pay via lightning, and if 2X ends up with cheaper fees that's all customers will care about. I know the customers because I deal with them daily. I can hardly explain the concept of a wallet to them. 
@_date: 2017-10-04 18:21:44
It has been for some time now. Big corps on Ethereum too, at the end of the day it is driven by money, corporations make money.
I mean Bitcoin is a case study of what will happen to most cryptos to as they mature. People won’t invest money and time if they don’t get anything back. Once they invested and they have power, they then want to protect those investments like you would protect a cash cow. As the ecosystem gets larger it attracts money from all sorts of players that cypherpunks railed against in the first place. It is the cruel irony of the libertarian dream. 
Just like Peter Thiel created Palantir, ultimately gets funded by the CIA. Paypal is now the enemy it sought to destroy. Bitpay is just Paypal but for Bitcoin.
So here you hand a handful of players that invested in Bitcoin early, they don’t want to give up dominance. Jihan does not want competition for his mining enterprise. Coinbase is in bed with the banks and serves as the bottleneck to fiat.
If Bitcoin is an experiment to prove digital currency can be made valuable then it worked, if it is an experiment for decentralization and democracy then it has so far been a failure.
Just the fact the entire chain is mined by 2-3 guys in China should tell you that decentralization is a far off dream.
All this could have been preventable though. Censorship and the lack of foresight by the dev team has caused this.
I believe if the users were allowed to speak their mind and influence Bitcoin then we would have never got here in the first place.
Core has it right, its such a shame the way they went on going about it means massive amounts of people remain completely UNINFORMED about their goals - which is to make Bitcoin more decentralised.
At this point I don’t know what to think. The realist in me has already accepted that the corporate takeover has already happened, the idealist in me wish that it didn’t.
To me Bitcoin and crypto represents more than just currency. It represents the road to a better future, and to see how our greed and selfish tendencies are going to shit on this future is sad.
@_date: 2017-10-25 13:15:47
Are you a developer?
@_date: 2017-10-22 00:16:23
Just look at the bitcoin price charts lol. China denied Bitcoin exchange CEOs from leaving China:
Chinese property laws:
Wechat data seized:
Again nothing against Bitmain's hardware, but with so many Bitcoin companies outside of China, if people lose coins and data in Chinese companies, they have nobody but themselves to blame for the lack of foresight. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 00:59:22
So you agree with me? :P 
It is becoming clear to me where Bitcoin should lie in the ecosystem of cryptocurrency, as a stable crypto asset like digital gold.
That however doesn't mean things like Lightning can't be built on top of it. Just like Bitcoincash and Litecoin is a fork of Bitcoin. Fast P2P payments are necessary for mass adoption of cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin included.
One chain to offer all the services of Blockchain technology doesn't make much sense.
This is my rationale for why Bitcoin is worth so much, when all the action is going on in Ethereum.
Bitcoin underpins the entire blockchain ecosystem. The amount of electricity spent on it, is a core proposition of the original bitcoin, without this expenditure the economics shift. Bitcoin is worth a lot of money because by design it forces people to expend resources to uphold the network.
Where did Ethereum and many failed alt coins came from? Bitcoin. Bitcoin's growth powered all these new currencies, thus is underpins the continued growth of the crypto economy in general.
So why is Bitcoin a commodity and Ethereum is not? Well Ethereum is going to change from POW to POS. Ethereum's value is distributed over the many ERC20 tokens it is spawning. Few people are holding Ethereum because they are actually spending it to power applications.
I mean let's look at real world assets, what kind of stable asset is also something you use on a day to day basis? Nobody is going to buy coffee with real gold, or bricks from their houses. What they DO do is use it as COLLATERAL, or long term investment due to the safety of the investment. Therefore another reason to go slow and safe with Bitcoin is the stability of the network. 
I am playing with Ethereum and it is BUGGY. Not that it is a bad thing, but this is the cost of having a flexible and constantly adapting/experimental piece of source code.
Alt-coins is a healthy development. Bitcoin was never designed to be totally anonymous like Monero is.
@_date: 2017-09-27 06:39:16
Coinbase is not the only company supporting 2x.
Agree, Coinbase is a bad example of the supposed decentralisation of Bitcoin. In fact Coinbase is one of the few companies with enough good relations with big finance to provide cheap credit card services and many other deals, making the supposed decentralistion of Bitcoin tarnished. Basically big finance understand that fiat to bitcoin is a bottleneck and as long as they influence which companies have the bottleneck they have control over bitcoin.
THAT being said. Core could always just upgrade to 2mb and get this over with. We are dealing with two factions essentially fighting a political war with vested interested. There is wide consensus with past core dev comments, users and miners that there is no technical issue with raising to 2mb to buy time for L2 development. 
I'm pretty certain core would rather get overtaken rather than admit a move to 2mb wouldn't be so bad (in fact their developers have said that 8mb and beyond is an eventuality). The reasons they dug their feet in is many, but they always have the choice to just rebuke 2x by merging or raising to 2mb themselves. In fact 2X was originally a merge request - as I understand it anyways.
I have always supported core because I don't really like the idea of centralization(Coinbase, Bitmain amongst many others), but I don't see how core has no choice.
@_date: 2017-10-25 16:26:59
Good point. In the long term, this seems to ring true.
Whatever happens, I hope this doesn't turn out to be something much worst.
@_date: 2017-10-25 13:01:03
Yes I have been thinking about this too. The 3rd party acts as choke points. What we need is to build those things decentralised on L2. Lightning is one of those solutions.
The issue is - without the funding of big players who is going to develop all this software? Maybe it was always doable but there has never been financial incentive to develop such things, so we end up with things like Coinbase.
What I see as a big problem is the 1st generation of successful Bitcoin companies now want to keep their keep, so they spend vast resources making things that benefit them, but not the original value proposition of Bitcoin.
I believe the issue with the nodes is solvable via economic incentive to own one. The requirements of a node is not an issue at 1mb or even 2mb. The issue is incentive.
@_date: 2017-10-24 06:15:19
I was just saying as per example. My language is not as precise as yours. 
Somebody from core could have written a long post. Countless hard forkers BU, Segwit2X and so on have written long posts arguing why their ideas are better winning over some people.
I don't think if any of you wrote a long post explaining your views, it would be problematic. If you truly love Bitcoin, maybe you should tell people why you love it, and why the attack will be bad for it. I have read what you said before, and I can tell you I understand 80% of what you say, but I can also tell you it will fly over the heads of most people.
I think you can heal the divide, if you just let people in on some of the "why", it might be obvious to you, but it isn't obvious to everyone.
As for the ICO - I didn't know about that. I have not had time to evaluate the details of the ICO. A brief look at it looks "wobbly" for the lack of a better word.
Anyways I already wrote what I thought. I do support your team, and core's vision. I also see the work you guys do on Github. You have my support whether you like it or not lol. It isn't just to do with you.
Whether you consider to change your approach in any way is completely up to you.
@_date: 2017-10-24 06:54:46
I think we are talking about two completely different things. I was talking about the final user experience, in response to the guy's original question about whether it will be like current Bitcoin. I am saying it won't be, because of how easy it would be to be a node/hub.
Whatever the implementation is, you would still need a product to interact with the Lightning network, and make it viral.
Yes I have seen this interpretation of the topology. I do not understand it. I have also read this:
I don't understand the maths, so I don't understand what exactly he was proving, but the network wouldn't connect evenly like in his models right? 
My understanding is currently there is some kind of issue with how to store the map and keep it in sync? 
What I actually imagine is that there are many uses for payment channels people haven't thought about yet. I believe the on chain fee will not be as big deal as it seems, because people are not really factoring the kinds of software that will go into payment channels. People doing the software isn't going to be working on the Lightning network, they will just use something like Neutrino.
On your final point, yeah this is why I flipped over my support. Once I realised this fact. It's not only tech potential of such a network, with much higher participation rates, its the fact that this is built on top of the most popular cryptocurrency at the moment with a vast ecosystem and user base already underneath it. This is why I think Lightning is attractive.
Edit: The speed will be a killer feature. Mining also takes time.
@_date: 2017-10-24 02:48:33
Oh I misread sorry. I think attack is a reasonable word. I do think forks are a natural design of Bitcoin. Forks are a natural part of any open source project. The only difference between a Bitcoin hard fork and an alt coin, is the hard fork plans to siphon the main chain.
This just makes it just an alt coin that piggybacks on the main coin, it has its pros and cons, as we see with Bitcoin Cash's volume, but problem with mining difficulty.
I do feel its natural and healthy. Let's say core did a LSD party and never came back from the trip. It is healthy and design smart to have a mechanism to be able to seize Bitcoins mantle. Whether it is called an attack or not just depends on which side you are on.
Think of it like biological systems, when DNA forks it creates a better chance of survival in the long run. If you kept having the same DNA, then you are at risk to some unforeseen vulnerability. Bitcoin Cash and 2X are like mutants, but diversity is the key to survival.
Where I strongly disagree with, is the ability of using hash rate to bully users into doing what miners want. Miners should play a role in the democratic process, but they should not be the final say. We already see problems with this since most mines are located in China. No single party should be able to bully the entire network.
Besides if Bitcoin can't survive this, then boy are we going to have some problems when the feds start doing their thing.
@_date: 2017-10-24 08:03:54
My username.
@_date: 2017-10-24 17:45:28
No need to apologize!!
@_date: 2017-10-04 09:39:32
Well as most people trade on exchanges - wouldn't it mean ultimately it is the exchange's decisions which is driven by trade value (supply and demand).
An exchange can only endorse one fork, but they can't deny if more people want 1x over 2x. 
In this way, nobody actually knows what the consensus will be.
There is no point for the minority chain to execute a hard fork to lower difficulty if the exchanges don't call it Bitcoin.
The hashrate only controls part of bitcoin, if hashrate was 90%, but users don't want to buy or use 2x, then the minority chain is bitcoin still (it just requires the technical fix of changing POW and adjusting difficulty).
HOWEVER main exchanges and payment gateways like Bitpay seem so far intending to go for 2x. In this case, there is huge pressure for users to use 2x, as they can simply suggest 2x is Bitcoin.
So the only scenario where 1x can win, is the resistance against 2x is so strong that nobody moves their coins on 1x and nobody uses 2x. Which I find very unlikely, given that all the main companies are pushing for 2x.
So essentially miners and businesses are on one side, we don't know which side the users are on, but ultimately businesses will cattle users into using the side they prefer, making the users turning on both miners and businesses unlikely imo.
@_date: 2017-10-31 06:51:09
Correct, this is a war. A war where a lot of people will get hurt, and not for the faint-hearted. People here seem to think the world will just sing kumbaya and roll over for Bitcoin and crypto's. It's more like there is going to be a huge tug of war between people who want liberty and those who benefit from the establishment.
Both sides are powerful. One side has the numbers, the other side has the law and the system.
The key to winning is to steamroll them before they steamroll us. I am surprised how many people don't see this as a social rebellion that it is, more than it is a piece of technology that could have died on a university campus.
At the end of the day Bitcoin will not win on the basis of its technological merit only. We the people need to fight. I know it sounds all political and so on, but it is the truth.
What worries me is how docile normal bitcoin users are. I don't think it hit homes for people how powerful the government and the banksters really are. You just need to look at the instances where they have shown their cards, everytime the legal system can hurt Bitcoin very much.
I think people here should study more about how the monetary system works in developed countries, and who really holds the power. They may be surprised that getting thrown in jail for holding Bitcoin isn't really that farfetched.
It's no accident that banksters live and work in those beautiful ivory towers in New York, Hong Kong, London and so on. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 01:31:38
I see where you are coming from, but I disagree. If you look at Blockchain as internet 2.0, whatever happens in Blockchain's ecosystem is whatever people decide to code.
Not everything on the internet is secure, transparent and accountable, there is a lot of illegal activities, dating scams, I will teach you to be rich scams. 
Yes you are right, this is not a culture we should promote or endorse, but the attraction of something like Monero for illegal activities is inevitable. So long there is a demand something like Monero will exist, whether the currency is deemed illegal or not. 
Monero is a good reason, why we should not have 1 chain to rule them all. Each blockchain is like it's own society. Monero's is clearly pro anonymity. It is not up to judge whether this is wrong or right. The free market will work out how many people want anonymity.
This is because Blockchain is just a technology, people can use a knife to cut bread or kill people. It does not inherently have a moral compass.
If you are a investors in Bitcoin know that you are already indirectly funding a network that aids criminals.
Bitcoin would have no value if this climate of massive government and big bank over reach all around the world didn't exist in the first place.
Without the demand of a uncorrupted currency. Bitcoin would really just be a super cool college professor project in a university.
@_date: 2017-10-24 07:46:13
I'm sorry but the average Bitcoin user understands this...
Have you read stuff from the attackers?
I guess if this kind of thing happens again in the future. I'll help dumbing down.
@_date: 2017-10-24 17:44:54
No point selling Bitcoin cash, who knows what will happen with it. Personally I believe Bitcoin main chain will hold the most value.
Vested interests yeah, Bitcoin has been around for 9 years. I choose the side which I believe has the technical merit. If they have vested interests it is not my problem. I choose what I think is the right way to scale bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-31 08:23:16
Thanks...I just wish I could do something more. 
@_date: 2017-10-19 20:26:06
Makes sense thanks - I only need a failsafe.
@_date: 2017-10-25 07:15:44
what happens if miners refuse to support core? At least 50% hash rate will be for 2x at this rate.
@_date: 2017-10-24 17:49:26
I said that ages ago. I believe core has dug their feet in on this way citing technical issues, of increasing without extensive testing. I think core could have played this smarter politically. It does not change the fact that the other side is much much worst.
@_date: 2017-10-30 03:18:57
Bitcoin saved my life. Banks have made my life a misery for the past year. Bitcoin has never failed me. It's not about the price, it's about trust.
Here is an email from a bankster:
"Hello [removed] / [removed],
Thank you for contacting us.
With regards to the balances in the old accounts (72868840 &amp; 66141092), please note that we are unfortunately unable to settle these funds at this time. As processing in these accounts has stopped, the bank requires some balance in these accounts to cover potential losses as a result of refunds and/or chargebacks. Additionally, neither of the accounts meets the $3,000 settlement threshold.
We apologise for not being able to accommodate your request at this time.
Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to let us know.
Kind regards, 
@_date: 2018-07-21 14:25:20
Yeah because most people put down 100k to buy a Tesla in one go...
@_date: 2017-10-25 11:54:47
I don't really understand why more nodes help. Can you explain? I'm serious. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 02:37:28
I should elaborate. Big blocks would indeed work to solve the scalability problem, but they would also make nodes and mining entry level much higher. This is because as the size of the block increases, the cost of the computer required to run a node increases exponentially.
You only need to look at the current bloat on the Ethereum network, which has far less actual users, to understand this problem of unchecked node size growth.
The larger the node, the less likely people will run a node, but it's not only nodes larger blocks also makes getting into casual mining harder. (correct me if I am wrong).
With less nodes, there is less checking power against the miners. The miners are more free to change the rules of Bitcoin as they see fit. It is kind of like a domino effect.
This will have the effect of creating really large "nerve centers" that underpin the entire Bitcoin network. More so than today. This makes the network more vulnerable to censorship. 
When Bitcoin becomes like this it is no different to MasterCard or Visa or any traditional Bank. It would just be an incredibly energy inefficient MasterCard.
Big blocks would shift the power to affect Bitcoin rules to just a few really large companies, most of them in China. Now let's imagine a day China seizes, makes illegal or worst owns the mines in the shadow. The entire Bitcoin network would suddenly be at the whim of the Chinese government.
The miners don't like L2, because it is a challenge to their business model. They cannot rely on coin inflation forever, but if they were to handle ALL bitcoin transactions like coffee payments and so on, they have a lot of money to make. This is why almost no miners support small blocks.
In terms of censorship resistance though, it makes no sense to concentrate everything on one part of the Bitcoin ecosystem - the miners. The more distributed the financial incentives, the more censorship resistant it will be. So core is right.
@_date: 2017-10-24 07:05:12
Well I've never seen these. Unfortunately visibility often requires a "push".
Ok I see your dilemma now. You can either go Roger mode or not ha ha... 
I am saying you literally need a dummies guide. 
They are spending hundreds of thousands, is there proof?
@_date: 2017-10-24 17:50:37
Well technically is it bought on chain, it can also be sold on chain. Correct.
@_date: 2017-10-24 03:07:06
I believe the same, sadly I think a upgrade to 2mb would not be a bad compromise, but core would probably not move to 2mb despite my pleas.
L1 scaling is also being dealt with by Bitcoin Cash. They have a clone of the chain they are free to play with. 
I have great faith in Lightning but it is no a proven or commercially deployed technology.
Ethereum always had different goals from the beginning, anyone who thought it is another Bitcoin is...I guess stupid? Ethereum's goal is to act as a blockchain API more than a monetary system. 
If Ethereum's goal was to be a store of value, then everything they are doing is just devaluing it IMO. Currency value does not equal functionality. Ether has unlimited applications, but do people invest in USD and wait for the price to go up? Bitcoin as it is, fits much more into the profile of a crypto asset, then cryptocurrency.
I think the acting as both a cryptocurrency and crypto asset at the same time on L1, is contradictory. Remember I didn't really support this position, until I understood more and more about the economics of it all. Something you spend is not the same as something you keep.
Let's take gold as an example. Yes it was used to pay for stuff very early on, but very quickly it made no sense, because gold was just worth so much, so they created modern money pinned to gold. People then used gold as a storage of value, not as a currency.
I also guess Ethereum is worth a lot more money than $300, but the gains are not going there, because they are going to the ERC20 tokens Ethereum is spawning. Essentially making Ethereum a non-starter as a store of value.
@_date: 2017-10-24 01:16:47
They wouldn't be ,provided that core offers some leeway on the unchain block size, segwit was designed to alleviate this problem. At some point the fees will become an issue for payment channels, if the on-chain transaction fee keep rising.
To be clear Lightning is untested technology, as there are debates regarding how the topology of the network would be worked out and stored. 
That said. Let me give you an example of why Lightning wouldn't end up to be as censorship vulnerable as companies like Coinbase, Coinmama Kraken and so on:
Let's say you wants to start an exchange. At this moment this is impossible without paying a dev team, or you yourself is so technically skilled you can build an entire bitcoin web app fronted and backend yourself. Needless to say this is a no go. You wouldn't do this.
Ok. So what if I can build you an application that you can just press a button and start exchanging Bitcoin for other currencies. You would only need to pay the initial transaction fee. The barrier of entry becomes lower. Anyone can become an exchange. You just need customers.
If anyone who has $1000usd can become a hub. It is hardly centralised.
Remember decentralised isn't a black and white issue. Bitcoin is currently decentralised between a few dozen large companies. It IS decentralised, but decentralization is a spectrum.
So will hubs on the Lightning network be vulnerable to censorship? Of course they will. But what would be more resistant? 20 exchanges? Or thousands of Lightning hubs?
TLDR - Lightning lowers the barrier of entry for people to act as payment hubs.
The only reason people don't see this yet, is because the software development is still in alpha/beta. If anyone wants to work with me on something. PM me.
@_date: 2017-10-25 12:11:30
I don't get this part:
"Therefore, it is critical for Bitcoin's survival that the great majority of the Bitcoin economy be backed by full nodes, not lightweight nodes. This is especially important for Bitcoin businesses, which have more economic weight. To contribute to Bitcoin's economic strength, you must actually use a full node for your real transactions (or use a lightweight node connected to a full node that you personally control). Just running a full node on a server somewhere does not contribute to Bitcoin's economic strength."
@_date: 2017-10-24 05:53:26
The stuff you are describing is under the hood. If you open a channel then send and receive lots of different payments then you are a hub. Of course Lightning doesn't have to be used this way, but this is a likely scenario. What you define as a hub is just semantics. If I send and trade 100 transactions daily am I a hub? According to your interpretation of what a hub is, I would not be on the Lightning network. More like a node.
I prefer the term chokepoints myself, after all this is what the problem of large exchanges are to me. When hubs become essential then they become chokepoints.
The routing does not change the fact that opening a channel requires an on chain smart contract. People can charge fees, you said it yourself.
@_date: 2017-10-29 09:16:55
It's not easy to get approval to process credit cards, you need to be friends with banksters. It's not hard to write the software, but you need permission from Visa and MasterCard and so on, Coinbase is in bed with them, which is why they at the cheapest and only one with direct access. Other exchanges needs to use a third party company where the mark up is 7%. It's very unfair if you know how it works.
@_date: 2018-07-22 04:11:39
are u hiring for btc lol?
@_date: 2017-10-22 00:36:10
/s /jk ?
@_date: 2017-10-20 01:17:49
Isn't Bitmain owned by Jihan? Why would anyone trust China with anything? I am serious, not spouting from the standpoint of some ignorant westerner - I am Asian and have lived in China before. When I am there, people are paranoid about what they send over Wechat, Chinese software are famous for loads of malware, trojan horses and backdoor by governments, why the HELL would you trust them with your crypto assets?
Even if Jihan means well, he is by extension owned by China because he is a Chinese citizen, just look at how they prevented them from leaving China when the exchanges are shut down. Legally speaking China owns Jihan's mines and software, and there is no law preventing them from seizing them, stealing from them and spying using them. The only thing that is probably safe is Jihan's hardware, as long as he didn't design anything to harm the Bitcoin network on the hardware, which I don't think he goes that far. I think even he himself would be in denial about how China actually owns him. 
Especially he owns so many mines in China, since China legally owns all land and only leases them out as a "favour", anyone powerful within the Chinese Dynasty (CCP) can basically extort Jihan by threatening his mines.
Oh, and if they wish for it - They can just throw Jihan in a cell or put him on the firing range, without much of a trial and just label him as the "enemy of the party". The only reason founders and companies in China are doing fine, is only because the government lets them.
Remember the Chinese leadership has the final say on any court decision. This is different from other countries where there is a third party, allowing the accused to put up a defense. You can sue the United States government, it is a uphill battle, but it can be done. 
China is a stain on Bitcoin, and the less we rely on them, the more the network would be worth.
@_date: 2017-10-24 00:16:49
Well Bitcoin Cash wants to take on Mastercard, they have successfully split. There is already a coin that wants to challenge the likes of Mastercard using an on-chain solution.
You know, I have been taking Bitcoin for a long time and people to this date still email me asking if they can pay using Paypal or credit card - I have been banned from Paypal for years. They have frozen tens of thousands dollars of my money and refuse to release. I sell Nootropics for godsakes. This shows low slow public awareness actually is.
The selling point of Bitcoin is it is censorship resistant. Mastercard is censorship, this blockchain included. It is permissioned and it is designed for B2B like Transferwise. This is a huge key to transaction censorship, as it is impossible to use these services without having the big banks govern you (trust me I know from experience).
The point is. Would people at this very moment choose Bitcoin over Mastercard? The answer is no. Bitcoin is like Tesla. Mastercard is like Ford. There are simply way more credit cards than there are Bitcoin users. Scaling Bitcoin will take time, and scaling to visa levels is undoable with a on-chain solution without making nodes incredibly large. 
^ This means a technological hat trick is required. L2 solutions will enable transactions that are even BETTER than Mastercard, payment channels allow microtransactons without fees. L2 in other words will be actually superior to credit cards. Bitcoin cannot be superior to credit cards as long as it carries fees and confirmation times. L2 opens a whole new world of possibilities.
Ethereum is already doing this. 
Alternatively, look at it this way. IF Bitcoin was not censorship resistant, in what way would it be superior to Visa or MasterCard?
Edit: I should add the big banks DOES allow me to use their services, just at effectively 30% tax rate in processing fees, and rolling reserve lockups. I also have to sign contracts where I agree they can do anything they want, including running off with my money. They hold my funds. I hate the big banks, they have made my life a misery. So the regulation is just an excuse.
@_date: 2017-10-31 06:43:51
A lot of which are severely redundant at the moment, based upon a credit score that has little to do with a person's creditworthiness...
Loans: Crypto can't do this better?
Mortgages: You got me there, probably bank territory for the foreseeable future
Insurance: Getting disrupted by insurtech
Refunds: Smart contracts
Direct Debit: Honestly?
Credit: Redundant based on archaic method of measuring ability to repay.
Start Up Business Advice: Honestly? When did start-ups ever go to big banks for advice?
Technical Support: ?? Bitcoin companies have technical support too..
Business Development: What?? You think bank advisers know about business? This would just be in the form of a loan.
Market Analysis - Any research firm can do this, doesn't need a bank.
Economic Advice - Like 2008?
Market Strategies - Are you kidding me? You know there are marketing agencies right?
VC Funding - VC is not what we call traditional banking...
IT infrastructure - Again what? You haven't heard of IT firms?
omg this goes on and on. None of what you mentioned requires the existence of the banking system as we know it. E.G Wells Fargo.
I think what you meant was "Finance". No Finance isn't going away, but big banks are vulnerable for sure. At least to having their market share invaded IMO.
@_date: 2017-10-24 00:03:55
Sometimes syncing is slow. This is normal. I panicked before over this. Remember the record is on the blockchain not actually in your wallet. So it is entirely possible for certain connection and latency issues. All your wallet is doing is just downloading the fact from the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-10-24 08:02:59
@_date: 2017-10-24 09:35:46
L2 is software that is built on top of Bitcoin’s main blockchain. Think of a sidechain stuck to the main chain. The Lightning Network is an example. Smart contracts that lock money, and get released under conditions is another, for example refunds and escrows. 
It solves the issue because transactions on the main chain is incredibly energy draining. It literally uses tons of electricity. The argument of the miners is lets simply make the database much much larger, so we can scale up, but this means only the very rich and powerful can mine and verify payments. This essentially just makes it like MasterCard or Visa.
So by having L2 we get the best of both worlds, the software on L2 will also be decentralised much like Bitcoin itself, it can also be other blockchains. L2 payments would only incur a 1 time onchain transaction. Say I buy 1btc. I get charged the fee for transferring that to me, then I can transfer to 20 people without charges, and those people can transfer to other people without charges.
So with L2, we don’t need to increase the mining part so much, we just need to write a software layer on top of Bitcoin that does not require mining.
In terms on democracy. It also spreads out the decision making power of the Bitcoin network more. Bigger blocks will lead to less nodes and thus centralize decision making power to the miners in China. Which would be like the Chinese communist party, in that there is no opposition to challenge their decisions. This is obviously a total disaster for a supposed currency by the people and for the people.
BTC is BTC and LTC is LTC they are different coins. BTC has a much larger user base and branding though. When people think about Cryptocurrency they usually think Bitcoin. LTC has not encountered the scalability problems Bitcoin is having yet, it is just not widely used.
@_date: 2017-10-04 18:39:30
Ok lets say I agree with you (I would be more open if I didn’t keep getting my comments censored and soft banned - just saying)
What could we actually do? As users we have no power, if we run a node that doesn’t contribute hashrate. Unlike the big businesses and venture capitalists we have no money to throw. This is a battle fought by titans and whales. Even if we did have money to throw, throw it where? We can’t get cheap electricity suddenly like communist China.
The majority of Bitcoin users in the world rely on the big companies now signalling for NYA. The damage has been done.
Fight with code? How? All the exchanges need to do is relabel Bitcoin and core is done.
How much is reddit the entire Bitcoin economy? Or even Twitter. 
The problem isn’t the miners. POW can be changed as a nuclear option. The problem is the big companies everyone uses to buy and sell Bitcoin.
I think Satoshi didn’t really imagine that the success of Bitcoin would itself generate a bunch of whales which would completely outclass later players, and end up causing the very things Bitcoin was meant to solve in the first place. Satoshi did not think that one man in China or the Chinese government would take over the hasrate, nor did he envision that developers would squabble over the blocksize limit. He certainly didn’t envision that Bitpay would end up being used instead of real P2P. Bitpay is the very thing Bitcoin was supposed to get rid of. He probably didn’t imagine massive companies like Coinbase with big connections creating choke points for Bitcoin either.
@_date: 2017-10-19 06:10:08
Nevermind, it's making a lot of sense to me now.
Are there problems to be aware of? I keep reading about routing problem. What is this? Does it mean channels can fail?
@_date: 2017-10-24 17:39:02
Many have already lost lots of money.
@_date: 2017-10-24 03:47:14
I disagree:
1) Bitcoin is limited, this is digital scarcity.
2) Bitcoins current value has a lot to do with the ecosystem of cryptocurrencies it underpins
3) Bitcoin adoption is nothing compared to other assets classes. It will top out yes, the question is where? People could have used this argument to sell in 2011
4) POW ensures money is spent to make Bitcoin, so it is not a ponzi scheme.
5) Satoshi's exact words was peer to peer cash system, this is abstract, for gold was once a peer to peer cash system.
6) Store of value and currency is not black and white, Bitcoin just currently leans towards store of value.
7) He discounts all the things L2 will enable Bitcoin to do.
8) Bitcoin is already used to transfer value and invest in other things.
9) Gold was actually a currency before it became a store of value.
10) Bitcoin may become the stable currency for all alt coins, making it an anchor.
11) Why would people stop buying Bitcoins, if its use cases can be indefinitely extended using L2. E.G SALT using Bitcoin as collateral for loans?
In other words holders are investing in a growing ECOSYSTEM. No different than investors in Amazon or Uber.
Finally all investment is speculation, its just whether you speculate for the short term or the long term. 
In the short term yes the entire crypto thing may blow up.
Of course nobody can predict the future, Bitcoin may fail technically, something better may come and replace it.
@_date: 2017-10-19 20:27:44
Thanks I am looking to do something on mobile, are there already example of mobile wallets that use lightning?
edit: Also where can I find other bitcoin developers if I run into trouble?
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:51:37
Thanks! I am looking to improve my writing. Not offended. You are 100% right.
@_date: 2017-10-24 01:18:19
Well the moment I heard MasterCard is behind 2X, that was the kick in the balls for me. A company that put me on the blacklist for reasons they won't tell me.
@_date: 2017-10-24 01:35:42
It's sort of a shame. I wrote some messages to some of these 1st gen whales and never got a reply. I really admired these people, until it showed me that power and success ultimately blinds everyone. 
That is why, if we wish to build a new world. We cannot have things like the Facebook of Bitcoin like Coinbase or Bitpay. 
The original attraction of Bitcoin was this idea we can finally beat this curse of centralisation like JP Morgan, Wells Fargo and so on. It might be sad to know that entrepreneurs will never become overlords, but this is what we need for our society to be better, so we don't end up with companies like Amazon crushing one honest business after another killing jobs and decimating communities and families.
Part of the problem with everything is everybody starts off a hero only to live long enough to see themselves become a villain. So monetary reward to these people. YES - they have done so much for us, but power and control over a supposed democratic network. NO.
@_date: 2017-10-11 19:17:36
This fraud pisses me off to no end. As if scamming the Australian government for loads of taxpayers money isn't enough, he then manages to actually get people to believe he created Bitcoin with no proof.
@_date: 2017-10-24 17:51:33
They have soft banned some pretty benign things I've said , such as the concern of ICOs.
@_date: 2018-04-29 15:55:10
or you could just go to satoshidice...
@_date: 2017-10-24 06:28:34
Yes completely agree. I did not really understand the technical intricacies at the beginning, but I should not have to dig around to figure this out. These guys can learn a thing or two from Roger, he is a good promoter. I still don't get how they can accept a fraud like Craig Wright...
I think bumping up the block size is an easy sell, it is easy for people to understand, bigger blocks = more transactions and lower fees.
@_date: 2016-10-18 13:14:00
I would be happy enough if Bitcoin is widely adopted, and serve as continuous pressure on the central bank currencies to not over abuse their payment systems with charges. This alone would make everybody's lives better and stop the big banks from rigging the game.
For example, Visa as a payment system works fine, but it's full of political mines, such as the need for acquirer licenses, merchant bank accounts, and so on, each layer allows the corporations to install regulations and costs. 
In the end it hurts small businesses, and gives an inifinite revenue hack to the banks-
because, without Visa(central bank systems) there is at the moment no widely acceptable alternative of paying for stuff.
If Bitcoin can become widely adopted enough, so that your average consumer is aware of it as a payment, then the mere existence of a competing payment system to centralised payment system is a massive revolution.
Whether this system is efficient or not efficient is not really relevant to Bitcoin adoption yet, at the moment Bitcoin remains a frustrating end-user experience for most people. Until that changes, it isn't even a real currency, much less a system to replace the whole payment network.
Edit: Also Bitcoin needs to establish trust over something like Visa or Amex, at the moment Bitcoin doesn't have that level of legitimacy and social validation. 
Edit 2: I would also add that central bankers are putting pressure on Bitcoin regulation, not because they think it will replace their system, but the know that each regulation they pass will make the end-user experience worst, thus lowering the chance of Bitcoin being a real competitor. This is where I think the fight is, not the blockchain efficiency argument.
Edit 3: I am aware that I seem to be arguing for Bitcoin to be a payment gateway, whilst saying it isn't there yet - I'm not - I mean it's not even really considered an alternative yet, on the mainstream level, nor on the corporate level. It's more like asset. Merely getting say 10% of people to adopt and use it as a real currency would be enough to change the game, without trying to replace current payment systems.
@_date: 2017-06-15 07:45:55
This really really fucking depresses me, even in Hong Kong the financial regulations are becoming draconian, the oligarchs and the super-rich financiers own everything, it doesn't matter the rest of us are working, creating real value and actually making stuff the fucking super rich just suck everything out of us. It sucks.
@_date: 2017-06-16 02:19:28
It is appealing, I am very invested in Bitcoins, but just call me morbid perhaps - I've been fucked over by financial institutions so much over my small business that I've lost faith that we will ever get there. 
We have these protests and movement to take power back from the banks, but they are full of idiots who don't understand the need for a replacement system, they just seem to want to tear everything down, and lynch people. This is not winning any hearts.
At the same time the divide and conquer strategy has worked well for the rich, dumb working class people now blame Muslims for all our woes, or people not working hard enough. I'm so fed up with this shit. I just can't be positive anymore! lol