@_author: slowshibe
@_date: 2014-01-28 19:27:42
I can't express either outrage or disagreement, I just want people to gather their thoughts a bit when it comes to things like this. 
Unfortunately what we have is a brand new technology that people are still scrambling to grasp. Bitcoin laws and definitions are changing every day plus when the entrepreneurial spirit of Silicon Valley and Wall St. comes together you have a bunch of people with the opportunity to get very rich if they act swiftly and smartly. 
I can't really pass any sort of judgement when fraud is happening at all levels of finance and being swiftly dispatched with fines and low key press releases. I guess all I want is the same justice to be applied in these situations and I'm holding many many many of my thoughts until we see how this all pans out and I hope everyone else will just stay the course. 
Bitcoin is way more about the community than just the Foundation. I have finally stopped trying to get the world on the same page with Bitcoin and now I just want to see it flourish among those who believe in it, and I think it will.
@_date: 2014-01-28 21:26:57
Small off-chain transactions verified by Google please.
Verified public bitcoin addresses tied to Google accounts of creators of original content, and optionally displayed in search results. Please.
Digital content with verified public addresses of it's creators included, searchable in various ways related to the address, ie highest amount received, with Google's anti search result gaming strategies applied as best as possible. Please.
Create a blockchain based smart property protocol for land ownership. It would probably use ARC GIS or something similar. Facilitate claims on bounded areas of the virtual Earth's surface, limited by a self adjusting mix of socially beneficially Turing tests like the reCaptcha process, and small amounts of btc. 
A user could buy his or her way out of most of the Turing tests, which would subsidize the transaction cost of those spending nothing but their time. The digital representations of plots would have an upkeep that would simply be the cost of moving the coin in the associated address to a new address, this payment to the miners should be proportional to the amount of bytes added to the blockchain by the description of said property.
@_date: 2014-01-28 19:37:52
Unfortunately, I was scammed a few times while dealing with crypto business. But, I'm also a fast learner, so no more shady and scammy deals. From the first sentence of the buyer/seller you can see if they are worth trading with. Especially, when you are working with larger BTC sums as I have been in the past weeks.
Be cautious, crypto is shady business, but it can also be very rewarding if you do it correctly and honestly. All those scammers are short term "winners", they will get what they deserve in time. Trust is something that you deserve over time and it pays off greatly!