@_author: slusho55
@_date: 2018-01-12 00:14:23
Actually for a non-sewer, it’s really nice. It’s also part embroidery. Literally has a Windows XP tower under it so it’s fully customizable.
Too bad it’s been the holiday storage room and stray cat shelter (actually that one is good) for two years.
@_date: 2018-01-11 18:13:50
Oh! Don’t get me wrong, I in no way resent her, I’m just frustrated, because it’s a compound of unhealthy habits that are really nuanced. She’s not a risk taker; she’s agoraphobic. She gets scared, like panic attack scared not motherly worried, when I’m out after sunset. Like she’s trying to get me to skip work Friday because it’s supposed to start sleeting soon after that.
Like all of these things are related, and I have other comments that kinda put the pieces together.
In summary, what bothers me the most is she asked what stock(s) I wanted to invest in, and I could pick any, and then she still made the choice for me and now there’s all this money we could’ve had,  but don’t.
It’s just human frustration with a hint of worry,  not hate.
@_date: 2018-01-11 17:21:51
Thanks, I hope we all do too!
Now if only some of these would stabilize. That’s my biggest envy of BTC, I knew it’d get big (excluding right now), but it feels like the rest high stakes gambling, or more like a constant game of 21 lol.
@_date: 2018-01-11 17:47:57
Oh I doubled it because it was $20,000 in December.
I do agree it would’ve been dumb, I kinda left a part out. My mom basically told me, my, dad, and my grandma that we could invest a portion of what we had, after we paid for my moving costs (I’ll accept I used some of it for things like that, but at least I use all the furniture at my apartment.)
It was more of a foot in the door technique. Coinbase lets you deposit $100,000 in your bank a week. The bright side of it is let’s say in that instance it started dropping, Coinbase promises you you’ll get the amount you either paid or buy the amount it was when you clicked it. So, I feel $100,000 would’ve been safe, because we could quickly withdraw. I definitely didn’t suggest that much, but tried explaining it to her. It was just a really hard concept for to grasp that BTC is actually money lol. Also, sorry if that made little sense, I haven’t really slept since 9 A.M. yesterday lol.
@_date: 2018-01-11 18:45:29
I’m gonna have to say it again, I’m not mad, it’s a mixture of frustration and worry because of her behavior. I know that’s not the most blunt thing in my post, this is a vent post.
I was in my aunts will, and was offered by her something to invest and she ignored it. It’s also like the time I told her she was taking too much Cymbalta (in school for drugs and neuroscience, so I know how a lot of these drugs act) and that she was showing early signs of heart failure. I told her a year before she had start tapering. She didn’t believe me. Year and a half later, she has congestive heart failure.
This has become a whole analytical thread, and all I really wanted to do was vent about one of these behaviors.
Also, I gave an abridged version of the explanation, I’m not going to type a 30 minute talk for the sake of story. Yeah, if that was my only sale pitch, I’d think it was stupid too, but I explained the market cap, mining, etc.
But what really offends me about this is you telling me to use my own money. The fuck you think I’m doing? Yeah, they help me out and buy me gifts, and after seeing how well I’ve invested they gave me a $50 congrats gift for it. We have an agreement my paycheck goes towards investments. We still have our bank accounts separate but viewable by both. She’ll remind not to invest sometimes because the paycheck money’s gone. And finally, that inheritance wasn’t hers, my grandmother’s or mine.  It was all three of ours, and we made plans on how we’d split it. The only thing I got was my move paid for. So, yeah, the only person I can blame is myself, that’s why I told my mother no, the money I earned I’m investing. And she’s my mother, I can be frustrated with her because we’re human, just as I can be worried. So go get off that god damn high horse of yours.
@_date: 2018-01-12 00:14:48
Actually for a me being a non-sewer, I think it’s really nice. It’s also part embroidery. Literally has a Windows XP tower under it so it’s fully customizable.
Too bad it’s been the holiday storage room and stray cat shelter (actually that one is good) for two years.
@_date: 2018-01-11 18:05:36
I’m trying to, I get what you mean. Smart investments, and sure as hell wouldn’t have been all 300,000, it’s more of the struggle with my mom. Plus, I even assured the moment it drops to a certain point my phone would notify me. It’s a nuanced situation with the way my mom handles money, and I think that’s what gets to me. Also that literally until this Christmas they’ve treated me like I was 18. Like I get I’m young and naive, but that doesn’t mean I don’t know thing, you know? There’s a lot more personal problems she’s also having that prevent me from talking to my family about our spending habits, that I’m really sorry I don’t want to get into.
However, I will say regardless if I were trusted with $100,000, she still wasted it with her room and long arm quilter.
Stocks and cryptocurrencies are mostly another form of gambling, so I do try to stay humble (except when I make a big gain, I do kind of show off, but that’s more to help them invest and know where to).
I said it a slightly similar comment. I hope that addressed this. 28 hours without sleep, so a little loopy.
@_date: 2018-01-12 02:20:48
I am not beating myself up, but thank you for that.
I’m about to do a blanket edit on the OP, that will address some of what you’re talking about and what others said.
@_date: 2018-01-11 18:14:52
That’s exactly what I’m saying. After I saw ETH and LTC go up, I instantly got back in because the market is still open.