@_author: smallest_ambassador
@_date: 2014-08-31 03:32:25
He didn't merely follow. He didn't just hodl and wait for the Moon.
He saw something with promise and rolled up his sleeves and contributed to make it better. He did this multiple times, with multiple new technologies that have had an impact in his own lifetime. 
He should be remembered for his contributions, not as a follower.
@_date: 2014-08-31 07:20:26
How about we split it instead? :)
2500 bits
Glad to see people recognizing Hal Finney's hard work and commitment. I think it speaks well of the man that his family once complained that he leant his expertise to too many causes without charge!
@_date: 2014-11-20 02:22:20
Thank you for being a voice of reason in this insanity.
@_date: 2014-09-20 02:24:18
Good thing you did too! People almost had to judge what he said based on its own merits!
@_date: 2014-09-17 23:04:50
From what I can recall, the current philosophy is to grow the economy faster than the debt. National debt is really a useless number, it's the GDP to Debt ratio that really matters to the overall health of an economy. If the economy grows faster than the debt then the debt becomes easier to manage and a smaller percentage of government spending overall... assuming they actually make an effort to deal with it during periods when the economy is considered resilient enough to not need this propping up, which remains to be seen.
Imagine having a $30000 credit card debt that you cannot afford to pay off, so you instead put your effort into increasing your income to make that $30000 an overall smaller percentage of your expenses. That's what they're trying to do. Whether that's the right approach, I'm honestly not informed enough to say.
Disclaimer: not an American, so take my knowledge on the US' Debt with a grain of salt.
@_date: 2014-08-27 03:44:37
Seriously... "Hey guys, if I use this service inefficiently, it's very inefficient!"
Hell, even with the comparison done right as you did, Bitcoin came out ahead in terms of pure cost per transaction paid by the buyer/seller. Reality is always much more impressive than exaggeration, since smart people can see through hyperbole and it makes them distrustful of anything more you have to say.
@_date: 2014-09-12 04:33:11
In my case, that's exactly what happened. I'm not joking or being sarcastic: echo chambers are a HUGE red flag to people with a traditional investing mindset. Nothing makes me close my wallet faster than hearing "everything is perfect and our critics just don't understand!", whether it's from or from the PR of a company I am considering investing in.
I found and I felt like the two halves (Bitcoin and Buttcoin) made a whole to me: I understood better the challenges Bitcoin faces, while still seeing the dedication and excitement of its community. Of course I spent time investigating well beyond those two Reddits, but Buttcoin was instrumental in my choosing to gamble by purchasing a few coins to see what happens.
@_date: 2014-09-01 20:06:18
I think the most interesting thing about this is that it's all done above the board: proper taxes are deducted prior to the individual being paid. I think this is important, as it creates a group of Bitcoin users who a) are demonstratively not using it for tax evasion and b) have gained their Bitcoin in a way the government is comfortable and familiar with (in exchange for work rather than purchased online from an unregulated exchange). The larger the group of law abiding tax paying Bitcoin users that exist the more likely governments will look at Bitcoin as something they can reasonably support... Or at least not actively hinder.  
There's only about ten people participating now, and ideally we'd look to these people for legitimate criticisms of the current state of Bitcoin for future improvements to make receiving pay in Bitcoin reasonably attractive for the average person. As the article states, there are currently a lot of inconveniences and challenges to accepting Bitcoin as pay, or trying to live day to day with Bitcoin as your primary currency, and working on those challenges can only help in encouraging future individuals to opt for this option if it offers benefits that outweigh the inconveniences.
Tl;dr: These people are like alpha testers of a lifestyle with Bitcoin as a primary currency for day to day life, and we should pay special attention to the challenges they face in doing so. They'll have unique insights into what services need to be improved/available to make receiving pay in Bitcoin a more viable option for the average person.
@_date: 2014-08-28 02:17:05
Best wishes to all of those who have to deal with depression and anxiety. 
@_date: 2014-09-09 20:17:46
I'm assuming it was David Duchovney.
I always assume it's David Duchovney.
I've never been wrong.