@_author: smartcontract
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:35:50
Well, among many other things, he actually met with the inventor of Ethereum, in person. He inspected the project's architecture and stated that he liked the direction in which the team was going but urged them to expedite things and roll out a working model.
@_date: 2015-01-17 15:42:05
The whole straw man transmogrification of IPO into scam is par for the course in these parts. I believe agitation is due in part to heightened fears of usurpation. But there definitely also seems to be an element of “once bitten, twice shy” at work. And this deep-seated distrust and immaturity is seeding a growing hotbed of Bitcoin jingoism. All of which is being increasingly exacerbated by the constant decline in price. The echo chamber has grown so noisy in fact that few here are able to discern the stirrings of a 2.0 symphony budding outside.
Perhaps people feel if they ignore Ethereum enough it will go away, or if they stomp on it enough it’ll die. But they don’t even stop to think about what it is or begin to ponder what it means. The founders put tremendous effort into designing an egalitarian fundraiser. The team could have very easily sought out venture capital instead. One whiff of an idea such as theirs and all sorts of fat institutional cats would have come prowling. But in lieu of that they democratized it and opened it up to all. And yet people here still scream scam. And now their version 1 platform is nearly finished, having even excited the likes of Samsung and IBM. And yet people here still scream scam.
Ethereum might just be the rising tide that raises all ships but some people are choosing to remain stranded on the docks.
@_date: 2015-01-15 14:25:16
Because haters will be haters. And I think it is important to be as skeptical of them as they are skeptical of it. The people here are simply missing another boat. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 14:12:16
I agree in full. Seems the haters are biting off their nose to spite their face. Ethereum will empower not enfeeble the ecosystem. Nonetheless I believe many of the skeptics will come around eventually, especially when they come to realize that the man widely believed to be Satoshi himself has given the project his blessing.
@_date: 2015-01-15 14:00:47
Actually, the [Ethereum team]( has been working tirelessly to develop their platform and disseminate their vision. They have also been transparent and communicative with the crypto community. Vitalik regularly updates his vaunted, in-depth [blog]( and the organization frequently uploads educational media to their [youtube channel]( Many of them are active and responsive [Redditors]( as well. So in point of fact, the movement is chock-full not only of ingenuity but also of interactivity. There is a wealth of enthusiasm, development, and documentation backing their nascent, imminent, and promising platform. "Popping bottles in the VIP section at the club every night” will come later. ;)
@_date: 2015-02-14 08:37:53
I agree; I think he will do a lot in the way of demystifying it. His content is typically quite palatable for a general audience. 
@_date: 2015-02-14 07:18:45
Spurlock's experiment is ultimately beneficial to Bitcoin. He is a personable and sensible journalist who I don't see as casting aspersions on the currency. A very cool development.