@_author: smartmetric
@_date: 2014-02-03 05:47:13
Visa entering into what was the domain of Banks.  Unthinkable a short time ago.  Do not underestimate the flow on effects this could have with the relationship between Banks and Visa.  Especially those Banks around the world who are not major stakeholders in Visa.  Also do not underestimate this move by Visa in Canada is a test move that could/will be replicated around the world and a move that is a defensive response in order to protect itself from Bitcoin
@_date: 2014-02-03 18:20:07
The chain can be pruned with the pruned historical sector added at the end for prosperity 
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:49:44
You are confirming my concerns.  Too bad for BTC.  It either changes it's anonymity or it dies.
@_date: 2014-02-04 14:16:29
Not wanting to spread fear and anxiety in the Bitcoin world but on reading today's statement by MtGox I am lead to think that the problem with MtGox completing withdrawal requests/transactions is not because of computer technical issues as they try to say in the first part of their statement today.  Reading down to the end of their statement they say the following "This problem applies primarily to larger transactions, so we appreciate your patience as we fix the issue. Smaller transactions should be fine in the meantime, and we will update you on the status as soon as possible."  Logic screams that this is not a case of a computer system issue because if it was the size of the trade would not be a factor.  Only being able to effect low value/quantity withdrawals points to a Bitcoin liquidity issue.   Which raises more questions.  Have they been hit with a major Bitcoin heist that they are covering up?  Has someone on the inside made off with a stack of Bitcoins?  And finally and more importantly what would the effect of an exchange failure as large as MtGox have on the Bitcoin market?   In my opinion in the absence of regulations policing and controlling Bitcoin operator's a greater diversity of Bitcoin exchanges is needed in order to cushion the effects of a single exchange failure.  I don't mind pure market forces sorting out an exchanges own internal lack of security diligence with the market withdrawing en mass from it and the exchanges subsequent failure.  Kind of the antithesis of too big too fail concept.  True market forces are often messy and can be cruel but like democracy itself with its own in inefficiencies it is the best we have with the alternative being totalitarian control.  So again in the absence of controlling regulations and the default cure of animal motivation and market forces let's be prepared for an exchange failure.  Build it in to decision making and develop diversity of competition at all levels of the Bitcoin eco system   
@_date: 2014-02-03 18:11:08
That's were the SmartMetric payments card steps in.  Goodbye Visa  
@_date: 2014-02-03 05:53:48
Just a heads up...They are allowing international money transfer....yes it will most likely mortally wound Western Union but will also be a threat to the lucrative wire transfer business of Banks.  I wouldn't worry about its impact so much though on Bitcoin since the Visa business model is way more expensive then Bitcoin
@_date: 2014-02-04 15:53:19
Crazy unconscionable taxing will drive Bitcoin into becoming cloaked and untraceable.  The BTC community can do it in a heart beat.  Overreach by taxation and regulatory authorities will create a transition of BTC into something no agency will be able to control.  Governments should tread softly and provide a modicum of regulation and a "fair" taxation or peer to peer will disappear altogether from your screens into an incomprehensible and unintelligible jumble of cloaked and jumbled 1's and 0's   
@_date: 2014-02-02 23:21:31
Being involved in suing Visa for Patent infringement I for one couldn't stop laughing at this   