@_author: smfd
@_date: 2013-10-30 14:15:52
Exactly. The other issue, of course, is that once your biometrics are out there the government might get them, which is a unique problem because the issue isn't security so much as control: if someone has your info, they can use it to gain power over you beyond breaking into any account. 
My response would be that it's simply not practical to try to stop governments from getting this information: it's just too easy to collect. That cat is never going back in the bag. If the government wants your bios, they're gonna get them. The fight should be to ensure those bios are never practically useful, legally for example.
@_date: 2013-10-31 19:12:44
I'm only on board with this if the MLP currency is completely NON electronic and you have to pay for all purchases, in person, with a pile of plastic figurines.
@_date: 2013-10-31 19:21:55
[](/fillyfluttershy "Hot insider tip: shortsell Fluttershy ASAP")
Trading on margin just means taking out a loan and trading with the money, right? So you'd just be trading a giant pile of plastic pony toys that DIDN'T belong to you rather than ones that DID.
@_date: 2013-10-30 02:01:16
1. You have (probably) at least two palms
2. A lot depends on specific implementation, which obviously we don't know, and the particular worry. As far as I can tell the scan only does one thing: allows or dis-allows you from using the machine. It isn't used to actually access any money you have in the system: that's what the private key is for. So say someone steals your hand info. Is that a concern with the machine? Not really. The worst they can do is DoS you so you can't use the machine, and that would take physical visits to the machine. If the machine company bars that print for being "stolen", you'll have to use a new one or possibly a verified account, which is a hassle, but not the end of the world.
It is a concern in general? Sure, but that's not really an issue with this machine. If someone really wants your palm print there are all kinds of ways they can steal it; it's not really a very secure thing to begin with. Which again, would be a problem if it was controlling access to the money, but it's not. It's just a "stamp on the hand" thing to make government regulators happy. And for that, it seems fine.
@_date: 2013-10-29 22:21:02
FYI my understanding is the scan is there to appease an anti-money laundering law: they have to limit the total amount of money someone can run through the machine per day, and some kind of biometric is probably the best way to do that (the other would be elaborate accounts which would have all the same privacy issues but also be much more inconvenient). It seems like a fair trade considering the convenience, and if you're really concerned nothing's stopping you from obfuscating the coins once you've got them. 
@_date: 2013-10-30 03:16:36
A fair concern, but my response would be, again, that no SERIOUS security should be connected to a biometric. No access to sensitive information, money, etc. As long as you don't tie your biometrics to any other security check that protects serious stuff (which you shouldn't be doing anyway), you're fine. If someone steals your palm from this machine and then uses it to empty your bank account or open up your computer, the problem wasn't this machine, it was that you protected your bank account or computer in an insecure way. 
tl;dr biometrics are fine as long as they're confined casual "checks" that don't matter that much if they're compromised. 
@_date: 2013-10-31 18:50:26
[](/twineck "That's an interesting comparison")
To be fair, love or hate it, the pony group is an actual fandom; we're just a bunch of weirdos evangelizing for a still fairly obscure alt-currency. Obviously it's going to be easier to get people excited about a TV show than a different form of money.