@_author: smilingdave
@_date: 2016-08-18 20:10:42
Just make sure you explain it to your naive students. Explain the problem clearly, and explain, if you can, the solution.
@_date: 2014-12-30 17:46:36
All you say is true, but the point is that someone, somewhere, is going to be left holding the bag, meaning stuck with a bitcoin that is highly risky. So instead of transporting money, one is transporting a lottery ticket with an expiration date.
@_date: 2014-10-23 12:58:13
If you have not dumped your bitcoins yet, it will come back to haunt you.
@_date: 2014-10-23 16:46:07
Time to buy, then. Just posted another article. 
@_date: 2014-10-23 12:59:42
Food for thought.
@_date: 2014-10-23 13:24:58
Been getting a lot of those, hey?
@_date: 2014-10-23 16:35:25
With great power comes great responsibility.
@_date: 2014-10-23 13:24:39
To examine the details of my arguments, mosey on over to 
@_date: 2014-10-24 16:00:21
Let's ask ourselves, is everything rare also valuable? Ebola is rare. Would you pay a lot of money to get some? Camel turds are very rare in the USA. Do you think that makes them more valuable than dog turds?
It's called supply and demand. They supply might be small, but if the demand is even smaller, then it will have no value.
So bitcoin will never be just like gold. Everyone wants gold. Gold has a million uses. You can't get married in India or buy a house in Vietnam without gold. You can't make cell phones without gold.
But who wants bitcoin? What for? Just a handful of gamblers. And since December last year, it's been a losing gamble.
Noob, if you need a bitcoin to buy something online, that's one thing. But don't buy it to hold onto and wait for its price to go up. That ship has sailed. That bubble has burst. That mania has died. That folly is over.
@_date: 2014-10-25 14:57:35
I agree.
@_date: 2014-10-23 14:49:03
LOL, so true. But as the damped sin wave shows, every day more people wise up, too.
@_date: 2014-12-30 18:01:47
Could you kindly show me the formula which determines when the discount is large enough? 
If there is no formula, how do people know when the discount is large enough?
What we see in real life is that actual businesses, microsoft and everyone else who is serious, is not willing to accept bitcoins no matter what the supposed discount. On the contrary, they are actually willing to lose money, to pay a fee to Bitpay or whoever, to make sure they do not get stuck with those volatile bitcoins.
Discounts help if we are talking to a group of gamblers. Set the odds up in their favor, and they will take the risk. But normal people who work for a living do not want their livelihood subject to gambles, even at good odds.
@_date: 2014-10-25 19:40:23
Children, had you only listened to Smiling Dave. I've warned you and warned you. 
@_date: 2012-08-04 21:50:23
That would be fine, if people actually liked that enough to pay for it, and those stickers were transferable. Then maybe bitcoins would become popular enough to rate being a currency.
Save the bitcoin from doom. Start selling those stickers. 
As for the other posters here, they have either attacked me or Mises, not the actual arguments I present, or else their arguments have been taken care of in the articles.  
Hey, knock yourselves out. Buy bitcoins. Shop till you drop. But don't come crying to me when you lose your hard earned money to the bitcoin fraudsters.
@_date: 2016-07-05 10:55:15
Do you explain to your class why bitcoin is doomed to collapse?
@_date: 2016-07-25 14:54:41
To help you better understand, say Albert Einstein and Satoshi and all the geniuses the world has ever known got together and made a truly marvelous piece of machinery that created artificial camel turds. Assume for the moment that there is no market for camel turds, and never will be.
Would a college course dedicated to describing the intricacies of the machine, explaining how it is the wave of the future, and hinting boldly that everyone should go out there and buy these camel turd machines, be missing the point? I think it would. The lecturer should make it very, very clear that the machine, for all it's brilliant technology, has zero market value, because nobody wants to fill their house with artificial, but foul smelling, camel turds.
Devil's Advocate: But Dave, why do you insist bitcoin is as useless as camel turds?
Smiling Dave: When you are able to summarize in your own words why they are so, you will have understood my argument. After that, you can try to refute it. But until you understand my humble articles well enough to summarize them, thou art beating around the bush, because you don't know what I'm saying.
As for diatribes, you misuse the word. Look it up. Off topic, someone sent my website quite a diatribe about my daring to express an opinion on the holy of holies, Bitcoin, hallowed be its name. Will the anonymous sender please identify himself?
@_date: 2016-07-06 11:26:41
Please emphasize these points to your naive students.
The only reason anyone wants a bitcoin is because someone else wants it. This is certainly true of the hoarders, who are just holding onto it until the price goes up. Meaning until someone else will want it really badly.
But it is also true of the Chinese, who see it as a way of hiding their money from the govt, or the Brits, who assume it will not drop in price as badly as the pound. In other words, they are buying it because they plan to someday pass it on to the other guy.
The only thing to do with a bitcoin, ultimately, is to pass it on to the other guy. Which means that by buying a bitcoin you are making a huge assumption, that someone else will always be out there wanting it.
Right now even the heartiest bitcoin enthusiast admits that nobody buys goods and services with bitcoins, because they are clumsy and expensive to use. And the fees charged for buying and selling one will only get more higher, because somebody has to pay for all the equipment and electricity the miners are wasting. You can't safely buy drugs and other illegal things, as has been shown by the raid on the Silk Road website. Even the bitcoiners admit that of course you can be tracked down as the owner of the bitcoin used to buy drug X.
In short, we have the classical recipe for a bubble waiting to burst. Everyone talking about it? Check. Whoever buys it does it as a speculation? Check. No earthly use for the thing per se? Check. Something so poorly understood by the masses that an article can claim that bitcoin going up in price is a Law of Mathematics, and people believe it? Check.
But hey, naive student, you may be the smart one who knows to sell before the bubble bursts. Keep in mind that you will have to sell out weeks in advance, because unloading a huge amount of bitcoins takes a looong time, if you even find someone willing to take a large amount. Plus, the bitcoin infrastructure can handle only a very few transactions at a time, so there is a constant backlog.
Wishing you great success,
@_date: 2013-10-21 10:02:25
No need to explain why it doesn't go down to zero. All fads and follies take a while to go away. Tulip mania lasted three years.Two and a half years after it started, everyone was like "Tulips are here to stay. Forever 
and ever. Amen."
Has it been six months since it was $266? You mean everyone who promised me it would pop right back up was lying? And all the money people lost when they bought at $266 is gone forever? Makes me wonder why they say bitcoin is the most secure money on Earth.
@_date: 2013-10-18 16:56:42
Gosh, I wish my local coffee shop had me wait forty minutes. It's so boring getting what I want right away.
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:59:48
Says  alot about the poor quality of this subreddit, then. See my refutation.
@_date: 2013-12-03 13:17:53
they both have the same job, their only job, and the only thing they can do. deliver something useless, as the open letter admits.
the toe-coin only delivers something useless, and is therefor useless. same with bitcoin the delivery system. it only delivers something admitedly useless, bitcoin the coin.
Why is bitcoin $1,000 a unit, and the toe coin has no takers? because bitcoin is in the midst of a mania. fools are being fooled into buying it. but I have not yet fooled anyone into the coolness and such of toe coin.
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:55:45
By leaving it alone. It will die like the tulipmania it is.
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:53:43


That's the heart of his argument, and how beautifully flawed it is!
Warning: The following will only be understandable to someone who knows what reductio ad absurdum is.
My toenail clippings are very scarce. I mean really really scarce. There are very few of them around.
I set up a whole payment network, Toe-coin, for people who want to buy and sell using my Toenail clippings as money.
Now, during the show, you agreed that perhaps this payment network has utility. So, if the network (Toe-coin) has utility, and only one currency is accepted on this network (Smiling Dave's Toenails), and those Toenails are scarce, then should not those units of Toenails themselves command a market price? Who knows what that price should be, but there should be a price, no?


I have a horse. Horses are useful. They transport things long distances. But my particular horse is old and finicky and for some reason will only transport Smiling Dave's Toenails. The horse is useful, the toenails are scarce. Load up that horse with Toenails and that old nag suddenly has a price, I mean that thing is valuable, isn't it?
@_date: 2013-12-07 10:40:50
Who gets their salaries in bitcoin?
There are millions of dollars of bitcoin gambling going on, on poker sites and the like? I don't believe that either.
There are millions of dollars of services paid for in bitcoin? I don't believe that either.
@_date: 2013-10-25 14:23:16


Yes, many people are sadly misinformed about this. They do not realize what the ultimate purpose is in owning a company. It is to get dividends. However, the average person has been brainwashed otherwise, and thinks a company that pays no dividends, like Google I believe, is worth owning shares in. Why? What do you get from the shares? That someone else will buy them at a higher price? And why should he? What will he get from them? 
If you think avoiding a stock that pays no dividends is not a useful prescription for investment behavior, I wish you luck.


Fancy words, selloff, legitimate devaluation. Call it what you will, but you are agreeing it will happen. The difference between us may be that you think after the great selloff bitcoin will rise from the ashes. Maybe it will. But for some reason, all fads and follies that were sold off and legitimately devaluated never picked themselves up again. The ship sailed. People came to their senses.
And this happens for a reason. If Ford Motor Company will ever drop suddenly, it may rise again. It still makes cars. It still brings in profits. It may start paying dividends. But when a fad or folly, like a tulip or a bitcoin has its fall, everyone thinks, "The only reason I ever bought it was because I was positive I would never lose money. Now I know different. So why touch this poison?" 


The real price of something you buy for income is the anticipated income you will get, discounted for the fact you will have to wait for it. If you buy it for personal use, there is no real price, but then again, we aren't talking about that. 
As Murphy writes in the article [
*In housing, there were different indicators that prices were being driven by speculative demand rather than a fundamental shift in the demand for housing. For one thing, house prices compared to rental prices increased more than would have been justified even if we accounted for things such as mortgage rates and the Clinton-era change in the capital-gains treatment of house sales.
For another example, the proportion of owner-occupied homes fell as the housing boom intensified, which is consistent with the theory that people were buying homes intending to "flip" them in a year or two after gaining the price appreciation.*


Yes, this is, unfortunately, what gullible people are taught by some who call themselves economists. What's "priced in" depends on who is doing the pricing. If he is stupid, and doesn't think the odds are great of a sharp drop are high, when they really are, he sets a stupid price, which smarter people take advantage of. If he is smart, he sets a price based on correct anticipation, which stupid people think is the wrong price, and take advantage, they think.


This person did not bother to read my article, where the difference between a franc and a bitcoin is made clear. Or else they have poor reading comprehension, I'm not sure. But no matter what caused them to not get it, their misunderstanding should not be a comfort to anyone. 


I ask the person who read my article and asked around for it to be debunked. It must have made sense to you, or you would not have been disturbed by it. So how can you be comforted by what this person wrote, when they clearly show they either didn't read my article, or understand it less than you do?
@_date: 2013-09-22 14:21:23
'colorcodebot leave me alone'
@_date: 2013-10-18 18:28:27


this article claims that's why it went up. 
@_date: 2013-09-22 14:07:07
I've responded to Graf's article back in the day. The mises forum is dead. Here is the link to where my response is archived:
I'll copy the gist:
*Nothing new there. Same ole mistake I've seen dozens of times. Graf fails to understand the significance of sheer numbers with respect to this topic.
To be a medium of exchange one time, such as swapping a horse for a cow in order to swap the cow for a piano, makes the cow a medium of exchange in that set of transactions. But that is not what is meant by a medium of exchange that has a chance to turn into money. A one-off event is not meaningful here.
Similarly, for an object to have the intrinsic value Mises is talking about in the regression theorem, it isn't enough for one person to like it and want it. One person liking, say, some garage band's awful sounding CD will not make that CD satisfy the regression theorem. Same thing with a few nerds who will pay to have a bitcoin icon on their computer to brag about.
Why is this so? The answer is already at your disposal right here: 
And here:  [in the part that begins with a 2.]
About the numbers, how many people are using bitcoin as a medium of exchange, we have: 
And here: 
To slake your thirst for knowledge, here's the link to most of my articles about bitcoin: 
The Mises.org website is going to be very red faced someday, ignoring Peter Schiff and Doug Casey and me, who see bitcoin for the scam it is.
@_date: 2013-10-18 16:55:02
Could you kindly explain why hype and fear and over speculation are exponential? Are they contagious diseases? growths of an organism?
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:12:23
What millions of dollars fo payments? I don't believe it. maybe people are spednign millions of dollars to buy bitcoins, but nobody is buying millions of dollars worth of merchandise, you know, tuna fish, laptops, with bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-11-09 10:46:08
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:13:24
No question about it.
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:58:57
If you like living on the streets, homeless and poor, yes your life has changed for the better. because that's what will happen very soon as bitcoin dives to zero.
@_date: 2013-10-18 18:26:57
Why does it go down when news about it stops?
@_date: 2013-10-18 16:53:35


...the price of a Bitcoin is directly related to the publicity given to Bitcoin.
[source]( Fascinating charts to prove it, and fascinating analysis.
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:56:35
You will all be much more passionate when you lose all your money. That will really resonate.