@_author: smith056
@_date: 2018-02-08 18:09:14
So far you are the only one that understood my true question.  I did what I had to do and I do not regret that.  I've had so many responses saying "You over extended yourself." despite clearly stating that my financial position changed drastically AFTER I made my initial investment.  At the time, I certainly could afford to lose that money and I would never gamble with money I would need to feed my family.  Also, whether I believe in Bitcoin or not as the future is irrelevant if the masses become convinced that it is not and crash the value of it.  I did not sell because I believed the stories, I sold because too many people were believing the stories and sold off driving the value further and further down.  I just wonder if everyone thinks the constant negative stories followed by a sudden abrupt reversal is coincidence or coordinated.  Regardless, thanks for understanding the real question I was asking and not responding with a knee-jerk "You shouldn't have over-extended yourself."   
@_date: 2018-02-08 17:06:10
What I want to know is, where have all the negative stories gone?  I sold around 7k, not because I wanted to but because I could not afford to lose my initial investment after a series of financial hardships.  What was once money I could afford to lose, I could no longer afford to lose due to circumstances outside of my control.  For two months straight, we had negative stories every day, from every media outlet about crypto.  Then magically after Feb the 5th, nothing but positive stories about Bitcoin going to the moon.  Before everyone shouts "That's what you get for not hodling!", remember that hindsight is always 20/20 and that not everyone can afford to stay in if the ship sinks and you have a family to feed.  This seems very clearly like market manipulation.  Where is anyone asking about Tether now?  For two solid months it was trumpeted that Tether was going to hurt Bitcoin irreparably and now...crickets even though there has not been a finding.  I more than doubled my initial investment and I'm happy for anyone that has done better.  I WANT Bitcoin to succeed and go to the moon.  I just also want to know if powers that be are running mass smearing campaigns followed by mass positive campaigns to manipulate this market.  (I think I already know the answer to my question)  Just want to know what the rest of the community thinks.  