@_author: smokesteam
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:22:36


Not one word (or kanji since this is Japan) of the Japan FSA regulation concerns crypto/pseudo currencies. The FSA concerns itself with banking and investment products and does not recognize Bitcoin as falling into either one of these categories. Since Mt Gox does not do business under their regulatory authority, what exactly *should* they do in your opinion?
@_date: 2014-03-03 12:07:32
There is no "case" before the Japanese courts and no charges filed with the police so the DB isn't actually evidence in the legal sense.
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:35:28


Because here in Japan those things are a matter of public record.  The Japanese press has been paying attention to this and there is currently a motion before the Diet to clarify the government's position on crypto/pseudo currencies in general. Were there a civil case or police report it would be quite clear at this time.


Equivalent to bankruptcy protection.


IANAL in the US or Japan but based on having worked in the Japanese financial industry for a bit over 10 years I've dealt with my share of Japanese lawyers and oddly enough this topic has come up. From what I understand it in part depends on whom the court would recognize as a creditor and what "documents" (assuming a DB in this case) might be considered materially relevant to said creditors.
If you read through the Civil Rehabilitation Act you see that creditors must petition the court specifically and basically have to prove their claim. There is a need for creditor committees, formal representation, etc. etc. etc. So in short, Article 259 isn't a "get out of jail free" card in this case.
Again, IANAL in any sense of the word. I see that you have made a number of comments here and elsewhere regarding your understanding of Japanese law and this case in particular. Since you say you are a [law professor]( none of what I say above should come as any surprise however. In the end we are both armchair critics here, no?
I'd be interested to hear your thinking over a selection of Japanese single malt sometime when I get back from Aichi.
@_date: 2014-02-27 10:23:36
Trading in Yen denominated products is different than taking deposits in Yen by a long shot. If you deposit Yen in a Japanese savings or trust account, your savings are protected up to a certain level similar to FDIC insurance in the US and the depository institution is highly regulated. This is similar to financial business in any developed country to some degree or another. 
For example in Japan, all financial companies are effectively bound by a regulation which specifies that end of day settlement must be accurate and even an error of 1 Yen must be reported to the regulators. While the penalties for small errors are slight, the reputational risks to the company can be quite large. Social pressure can often be more effective than the law in this case. A company which makes too many errors will find itself on the headlines of the media very quickly and will lose customer trust. Since the Japanese people are very risk averse on matters of finance, this can force financial companies to toe the line more than the force of law.
The problem here is that Mt Gox was not a financial institution by any stretch of the imagination and Bitcoin is not fiat currency. As far as the regulators here were concerned you might as well have been trading in Magic The Gathering cards as Mt Gox originally intended. Sure they can hold Yen value but they arent a financial instrument. Really no loophole involved here because Bitcoin is not money in any legal sense.
When you deal with actual financial companies with a history of managing depository accounts, offline vaults and have licenses to deal with one or more financial instruments you can hope for more. The trust is based not only on the broader trust of markets but on specifics of regulation. Still in the world of real finance, it is very much up to you to understand the risks you are getting into even with the simplest of depository accounts.
@_date: 2014-03-05 09:24:25
As far as I can tell there are as of yet no halachick decisions on bitcoin in general, nor is there a rabbinic consensus if it is a currency or a commodity which would in turn affect any psak so you can't really bring that sort of thing to the shul president. You could however point out that Chabad seems to accept donations through [bitcoin]( In any case he may be "right" simply based on maris ayin. IANAR so can't say for sure. Try asking over in @_date: 2014-02-26 04:52:52


For this and the following paragraph, see [here](


The way it works here is that a crime has to be reported to the police and the police have to accept the report before any action can be taken. The police don't have to accept any report and if they think they won't be able to deal with the incident. 
So far no one has filed a police report concerning anything with Mt Gox and even if someone were to do so the likelihood of the report being accepted is low. Since the famed 99% conviction rate is based upon confessions, they know there is no point pursuing cases like this in the first place. 
Even if some employee of Mt Gox were to confess to having done wrong, it is difficult to say if this would be actionable or not. Since Mt Gox/Tibane did not directly accept Yen deposits none of the banking laws would apply to be actionable. The closest I can think of is an issue of breach of contract but thats for the courts not the police. As an FYI the courts don't move quickly here, lawsuits are not as common and settlements don't work the same as the US nor is it common for extra-jurisdictional lawsuits to be accepted by the courts. 
IANAL, I don't work for the Tokyo or National Police but I do have decent knowledge of financial law here in Japan due to my work history.
@_date: 2014-03-05 10:17:38
I'm confused: I know that telephone calls here are billed per minute, but you didn't want to hold for more than 3 minutes but you were willing to spend an hour preaching at a call center lady?


This surprised you in any way at all considering the general attitude of people in Japan regarding financial speculation?


Yet all the non-cash payment systems which are legally recognized in Japan are based on fiat currency and ultimately settled in Yen. Sure its great that I can use a Suica card on train systems almost nation wide or buy an iTunes/PSN/Nintendo/Amazon/etc voucher at the convenience store or even better do direct person to person or B2B money transfers at the ATM, but ultimately all these things are about reducing the cost of handling and processing cash, not any philosophical reasons.


Concrete examples needed for cases in Japan for both these claims.


1. In the original Chinese, 庶民 meant a commoner, someone who was not part of the aristocracy but in Japanese for the last few hundred years, "not the government" is not accurate.
2. Lets take a look at the kanji 庶 for a moment. Your claim of literal meaning is completely unlike what we find [here]( at the top of the page. The root is not related to 針 (needle) or 目 (eye) in any way.
If you can provide a reasonable backing for your claim, I'm open to be shown that I'm in error here.


Do you mean "inflation"?


Its pretty much inevitable that any rant on financial conspiracy will include both the Rothschild family and a reference to [The Protocols of the Elders of Zion]( When reason fails, blame the Jews?


Interesting since TPP has no clauses related to immigration policy or laws and in any case how do you get from trade agreements to loss of sovereignty by means of immigration. Also out of curiosity, if you are here in Japan are you working to support yourself? If so doesn't that make you part of the existing immigrant work force which will lead to a "loss of sovereignty" for Japan?
@_date: 2014-02-25 09:25:40


Based on having worked in the financial industry in Japan for &gt;10 years now, I'd qualify that things which are not yet defined are not ignored but rather are not publicly commented upon since any comment by the FSA could be interpreted as official opinion and thus cause more trouble. Otherwise, a very good description of the situation here.