@_author: smooth_on_smooth
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:15:56


That's not how this works. Because bubbles don't follow financial fundamentals, it's psychology more than anything. An economist of financier can't tell you how long the euphoria is going to last, only that the current valuation is way higher than it should be and that we've seen these kinds of things before. 
Have you seen The Big Short? You know how the main character knew real estate was in a bubble and mortgage backed securities were fucked, but the price kept going up longer than he anticipated? That's how bubbles go. They usually last longer than the detractors think but pop sooner than the believers think. One thing I can say is that when buyers are leveraged, that's an indication that it'll pop sooner rather than later. I don't think people are taking out loans for bitcoin so that should let it last a bit longer at least. 


Normally valuations of assets work by calculating something called "intrinsic value." Basically, it's the sum of the discounted future cash flows. Discounted means you account for the time value of money. In other words, $100 today is better than $100 in 5 years, because A) inflation, and B) you can invest that $100 today. 
However, bitcoin obviously has no future cash flows. If you simply hold it, you get no money from it because it doesn't pay dividends or interest. So looking it that way is futile. Others want to look at it like a currency, obviously, since that was its original intention. But it's fucking useless as a currency. Its value is extremely volatile, which is horrible for a currency. Why would I pay someone 1 bitcoin today when I can pay them .5 bitcoin in a week for the same thing? Why would I use bitcoin when the number of places that accept is extremely small? Why would I use bitcoin when transactions take half a day to process and have fees upwards of $20? It's absolutely ludicrous. 
So what's left? Using it as a store of value? Again, way too volatile, and the fact that it has no intrinsic value. Gold, which I also would not invest in, at least has tangible uses as jewelry or in certain technologies. Gold and other precious metals, by the way, has also experienced bubbles. They too are ultimately bound by the value of their uses. Bitcoin has no independent uses. So when it eventually corrects, it'll correct *hard.* If you want to store value, buy a fucking t-bond. They pay a set rate of interest and you are guaranteed to get your principal back at the end. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:30:45
The real value of bitcoin is next to nothing considering its utility as a currency is dead. It had value before the boom. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:47:02


Even *if* the price stabilizes, and there's little reason to think it will because it is entirely unregulated, the other problems I listed still remain. And thsoe problems, fees and transaction times, only get worse as more people adopt it. 


Google "greater fool theory." If you're investing solely under the hope that the price will continue to irrationally inflate, well, you're not investing. You're gambling. Pretty inefficient gambling at that. I can wait, at the very least, weeks for my money double with bitcoin, or I can place one bet on a football game and double it in 2 hours. And at least with football one can use some knowledge of the teams to find a weakness in the line. Gambling with btc is just blindly hoping that people will continue to dump money into it. It's musical chairs. And with most bubbles, there are FAR more losers than winners. 
But yes, if you go in with the awareness that you're gambling and not investing, that IS better. That should mean A) you're consistently realizing profits by selling, and B) you only have a tiny fraction of your portfolio in it. I understand the temptation to hop on the money train, and I sort of considered throwing a little money at it, but I figured the amount of money I'd be willing to lose on bitcoin isn't even worth the time. The only way to make a significant amount of money is to toss an irresponsible amount on it. 


Lol, this is a classic line used by bitcoin people but it doesn't hold any water. Do you see the same arguments made against Amazon, Apple, Tesla, etc? If I bought Tesla stock at the beginning of 2013, I'd have nearly 10x that amount one year later. Same story is true for most of us, we don't own Tesla stock by and large. Do you see hoards of people shitting on Tesla? No, because the value is clearly there. I didn't get rich off Tesla, but I recognize its value. 


Silly mindset to have. There are countless opportunities to get rich super rich off investments. Companies shoot up in valuation all the time. Like I said, look at Amazon. If you bought shares for $5 a piece in '98, you'd have 220x that amount now. But how many people is that true for in reality? Bezos and a handful of others totaling under 10? It's fucking hard to find the investment that's gonna blow up, and even harder to know if you're selling at the right time. The majority of people who poured a shit ton of money into a dot com stock in the late 90s? They went broke. And if you got lucky and picked Amazon, you probably sold well before it even hit $100, let alone $1100. Or maybe they sold when it was back down to under $10 in the early 2000's. You just don't know. 
The point is, you have to be incredibly lucky, and in most cases reckless, to get rich off a speculative investment. It's not much different then Vegas, where for every big winner there's a hundred degenerates who lost everything. 


Yeah and gambling is real too. People really do get rich from it. And I'm happy for those people. But I would never call gambling a wise investment. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:16:32
It's an investment when you buy something that can generate value for you just by holding. If you're just buying in the hopes that someone else will buy it for more later, which is what people who bought bitcoin are doing, you're speculating. Which is basically gambling. 