@_author: sn0wm0nster
@_date: 2018-01-14 10:04:34
Blockexplorer.com != PrivateInternetAccess.
Last I checked, PIA accepts Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash directly and makes no political statement about their legitimacy at all, just choosing to accept *anything* people might want to pay with (including Starbucks gift cards).
Blockexplorer.com makes some statements I personally disagree with 100%, but I don't use blockexplorer.com so I'm not sure what the issue is or how it relates to a completely separate service.
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:13:01
Given the intention of your claim being to paint PIA as somehow being connected to MtGox, "google it" (which I did, to no result) to be somewhat lacking in honesty.
@_date: 2018-01-14 17:04:02
Could you explain? I'm not familiar with PIA being associated with MtGox. As for what people are talking about in this thead when they claim PIA's integrity is compromised, I guess there is some kind of misunderstanding as PIA doesn't own Blockexplorer.
@_date: 2018-01-14 09:46:03
Which person was that? I'm curious.
@_date: 2018-01-14 16:49:25


Stopped reading there.
I'm not aware of any statements by PIA relating to the toxic identity politics of vs vs Bitcoin vs Bitcoin Cash. PIA is payment method agnostic and accepts everything under the sun, equally.
A cursory check of the PIA website would show it accepts both Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash natively. (And Zcash, but I am pushing for them to accept Monero natively as well as I don't believe Zcash is as private or secure as it advertises itself to be).
Also, PIA neither owns nor operates Blockexplorer.com. It does share a few faculty and the parent company of PIA did buy it, but as I understand it, the opinions of BlockExplorer are of that of the management of BlockExplorer, not of PIA. 
If anyone has an issue with Rick Falkvinge working at PIA however, that's a different story. Feel free to email PIA about your feelings on the matter. No one at any company is above reproach. You can even email about me and ask them to fire me because I failed to use proper punctuation in paragraphs if it suits your fancy.
Saying that PIA is somehow untrustworthy however and that it's scamming because it has an employee who manages a website in a way that you disagree with is flat out academically lazy and dishonest.
Now before anyone thinks that I *agree* with Blockexplorer's opinion, I guess now'd be the time to put away your torches -- when I saw the notice on blockexplorer.com, I complained to management of the parent company immediately. I have also complained about having ZCash and not Monero on PIA's payments portal. Complaints are fine. Discussion is healthy. People can change their minds, and often they're not aware of the bigger picture. Sometimes our passions (or bias) get in the way of business and I'd like to believe we're all here for the same reason. Going for the throat all the time is not an effective way to progress as a community though. These kinds of threads are just poorly constructed low-hanging character assassination attempts though. You'll get no respect from me for them.
P.S. if anyone is looking for a potential free VPN alternative, look into Riseup and CalyX's LEAP project through the Bitmask client (not sure if it's available for all OS' yet) or try Tor. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 10:02:44
HI, Could you point me in the direction of PIA's statement regarding Bitcoin Cash being anything but an alternative to Bitcoin? I was just on the payments page and clearly saw both "bitcoin" and "bitcoin cash" as being accepted directly. All other coins accepted through shapeshift.io if I'm not mistaken.
I've seen what Blockexplorer.com says about Bitcoin Cash (which I fully disagree with its stance on), but Blockexplorer.com is not PrivateInternetAccess. I wonder if anyone in this thread realizes that.
@_date: 2018-01-14 17:07:56
Could you link me to where PIA got involved in any such thing? All I see are claims that Blockexplorer.com's managerial staff did in their own private life, and that the policy for that website has changed to support Bcash. I don't see anywhere on PIA's site where it has made any such claims or expressed any favoritism. In fact, it is pretty payment method agnostic (even Bitcoin, BItcoin Cash, Starbucks gift card -- doesn't matter, they accept everything).
@_date: 2017-08-22 16:27:38
haha, did you get this idea from my thread?
