@_author: sn1cklefr1tz
@_date: 2011-09-29 07:52:36
Whatever you do, do NOT EVER use 'nofeemining.com'
The bastard that runs it is a wreckless asshole.  He is a thief and claims he has no assets.  It is quite possible that he's some late 40 something jerk that still lives in his mom's basement.  He exposed me to a huge hack and I suffered greatly for it.  He said:
"show details Sep 22 (6 days ago)
Hello this is the Admin at NoFeeMining.com. This email pertains to the old site and not the new site (Nofeemining.appspot.com). One of the members of our team did not follow proper security procedures in handling of the WORKER database and all of the old worker emails and passwords were leaked. If you used your worker passwords for anything other than your workers you should change your password immediately. We take your security and privacy very seriously and we are very sorry for this security leak. Please rest assured that your account and worker passwords on the new site are secured in a manner that is not susceptible to the same type of leak.
For your security your account password on the old web site has been changed to: [new password]
Again we take your security very seriously and we are very sorry for this leak.
Then, after I tell him I was hacked (and lost over 35,000 emails in hotmail and gmail) due to his stupidity, he has the nerve to say that he didn't fire the employee, but "they are no longer working on anything sensitive".
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand that:
"	
show details 10:07 AM (14 hours ago)
Maybe you don't understand something. We don't collect personally identifiable information. You do not pay us and we are a free service.
Nothing we do is illegal. It is a shame that your worker information was compromised but it is also not our fault that you do not employ good security practices.
You must understand that we used to use pushpool which does not allow worker passwords to be encrypted so if you were hoping to use that I'm sorry.
This will be the last email I send to you. If you want to waste your money go ahead but even if you win I will have spent all of my money on lawyers. I have no assets or wages and will just file for bankruptcy if it comes down to it.
Again I'm sorry for your problems but we are not legally or morally responsible for them so find someone else to blame."
How hypocritical is it to distribute someone's login information and then blame that person for having distributed it (as opposed to actually taking responsibility for it)?!?
Like I said, stay away from them.  GO ELSEWHERE, just not there...
Besides, you have to work for weeks before you get any credit at all.  Below Extremely Poor (0/100 stars) is my rating of nofeemining.com
Just my .2 bit(coins)