@_author: snachmo
@_date: 2013-12-18 01:52:40


With what information did you make that judgement?  Where did it originate, and why do you trust *those* sources?


Same question, what criteria puts one scientist in this group while excluding another?  Ultimately, it's faith in the quality of another group's consensus, and another and another until your sample base is 'mankind'.
Also, you can't vote on whether something is true; that is ridiculous.  If, however, we got every academic in the world to participate in a single subreddit you can bet the front page would be one of the greatest human achievements ever.
@_date: 2013-12-17 22:46:06
I'm having a hard time understanding where you're coming from.  Totally agree with your point about not spreading misinformation, but it's like you're berating yourself for participating?  You've just acted as the corrective measure...
What are you comparing Reddit to?  Journals?  A lecture?  If you read this in a newspaper, what would your recourse be?  Misinformation is everywhere, the only difference here is you have *any opportunity at all* to correct the narrative.
Write all this up in a letter to the Heritage Foundation or Newscorp and see how many people you reach.  Not as many as you did here today.
@_date: 2013-12-18 01:05:18


I don't see how this can extrapolate (in the real world, not a vacuum) to anything but a subjective opinion?  There's no arguing you can't say something is *true* without experimentation, but that truth is only conveyed to the seven billion people who weren't in the room by subjective, democratic consensus... period.
This seems pretty basic, I'm not sure what the disconnect is... your judgement, your senses have no information that didn't come from personal experience (a tiny fraction) or subjective, democratically elected opinions (the overwhelming majority).  It's like saying you can't use the metric system until you weigh water for yourself?
@_date: 2013-12-17 23:49:28
I agree, but I'd suggest that the 'democratic model of reputation' is more efficient, and will (I believe) become the primary method of peer-review in short time.
A journal's reputation is the result of layered democratic processes.  Schools accredit the researchers, other researchers accredit their work, and the "public" accredits the sum quality of a journal's submissions.  Reputation is a democratic consensus on quality.  It happens that in the case of science, quality=objectivity.  No reason Reddit couldn't serve that up with the same terrifying efficiency as r/aww, where quality=cuteness.
Edit: The obvious problem is that democracy bends to propaganda, but only because it's not efficient.  Case in point there hasn't been a single submission to r/askscience refuting climate change.  *Efficient* democracy can be very objective indeed.
@_date: 2013-12-18 00:26:25
I know; in fact I only looked into it remembering the case of a student who died after drinking (just) a quart of soy sauce.
@_date: 2013-12-17 21:45:51
From that page:


@_date: 2013-12-18 00:16:32
I'm not flamin, but 100g of salt at once will certainly kill you.  Hence the recommendation; you can't get a meaningful amount in a non-lethal dose of salt.
[MSDS]( says 3g salt per kg body weight *over four hours* is lethal.  So if you're over 80lbs and take it over four hours, you *might* survive (never mind the brain damage).  Not a good remedy.
