@_author: snackysnacksnacks
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:04:06
Sorry I kind of just dumped a lot of venting on this page! I was really frustrated yesterday. Hoping to get someone useful to answer the phone today. I'm trying to use it to buy my and my fiance's wedding rings while the value is as high as it is. I am very relieved to hear that your order was resolved, and thanks for the tip about Coinbase vs Wallet! 
@_date: 2017-12-10 21:49:23
Found this thread because I'm having the exact same problem with Overstock right now. Order never completed but they have my funds. Chat support is totally useless. First he tried to tell me that they don't even accept bitcoin, and I had to point out where it was listed in the checkout process and send him a link to a page on Overstock promoting that they accept it. Still stands by the fact that they no longer accept bitcoin even though I still see it in the checkout process. Then he tried to tell me that no funds were collected because there was no history of my order (took him a while to even decide there's no record of my order because somehow he couldn't find my account), and then said that any funds I see coming out of my account were a pre-authorization and that I should check with my bank if I have concerns. I realize that not everyone knows the intricacies of bitcoin (I'm definitely know only the very basics, myself) but I was surprised that he didn't even know that they TAKE it or the basics of processing that payment (i.e., no pre-auth).
Then told me to call the support line. No one is answering. The pre-recorded message says their holiday support hours are until 11pm ET. It is 4:44PM ET. So I get back on chat to make sure I'm calling the right number. The next chat support rep tells me that phone support shuts down at 3PM. I cite the pre-recorded message, which says 11PM. He basically said he didn't know, and I should just try later and see if they pick up.
I am so frustrated with these jokers. I made an Overstock purchase in 2014 with bitcoin with no problems. So I wasn't scared to spend .021 BTC on this order (and today, that's a good chunk of change). 