@_author: snafusaki
@_date: 2018-05-06 19:40:00
Yeah, your definition is the most accurate, but it's a complete mouthful. I only casually follow it, but at the fork not increasing blocksize was what BTC stuck with.  They were the ones that kept the Bitcoin value, where BCH became a different coin with a different value. It doesn't matter that until that point they were identical. I've never heard anyone complain about Bitcoin gold, unlimited, XT etc. Nearly every complaint I hear about BCH is the way it is marketed, and the blatant lies on bitcoin.com. It says that Bitcoin is not a digital currency, and yet only displays BTC chart history.
Bitcoin to refer to the various Satoshi implementations: it's just needlessly confusing. Bitcoin made the decision to do lightning/segwit. I think that Bitcoin Cash just should have chosen a different name. "Bitcore" or "Bitcash" or "Bitcoin classic" like ETH and ETC. It maintains, and demonstrates that it is sticking closer to the original implementations. 
@_date: 2018-05-06 17:33:18
It's not about who is right, or what coin is better. It is unethical to portray BCH as BTC, because 99% of people are only aware of one crypto currency, Bitcoin, not Bitcoin Cash. Representing their product BCH as Bitcoin is inaccurate, BTC is Bitcoin and BCH is Bitcoin cash. Bitcoin core is not BTC, it's the development or programming behind it or some shit.
@_date: 2018-04-28 17:56:18
Bitcoin is like google. When you see Bing used in movies you are like LUL shill.
Bitcoin is synonymous with crypro currency. You can't fucking shill it. It just is. Nobody screams shill when you say you google something. Its synonymous with search.
You are very much a dumb person, like the majority of r/btc, who are probably actually the real shills cause you guys scream it so much, when again like... You can't shill it. It just is the crypto currency.
@_date: 2018-04-28 07:21:16
All the other sub does is bitch about Bitcoin. At least here at this sub there are memes. They're complaining about this over here now, saying it's Bitcoin conspiracy and that this sub is nazi censored. Frankly idgaf. I have like 1k in crypto cuz I had 90$ on electrum to buy shrooms, but then got hospitalized and forgot till the boom.
All crypto subs are shit with regards pretending to care about "technology" "decentralization" "security"… What they actually mean is I want to get rich quick. Otherwise "HODL" wouldn't be a thing because it's a fucking currency. Currency is used to buy things, if nobody uses it you're holding expensive garbage.
That being said btc is the worst fucking sub. 80% of their content is hyping their Bcash or shitting on BTC. I follow crypto for shits and again at least this one memes.