@_author: snakus44
@_date: 2014-11-23 23:08:19
Hey, it could be a weekly paper with subscription.  Much rather get that then all the damn junk mail I get weekly.  Plus the crappy Sunday extra that I'm forced to clean off my lawn every week.  
@_date: 2014-11-13 13:56:03
Thanks for the tips and kind words gentlemens.  It's funny because a good buddy of mine had a number of nonsensical sayings, and one of them was "Hello gentlemens" in this goofy voice.  I'll think of that every time now. 
@_date: 2014-11-23 22:37:14
great stuff!  Thanks
@_date: 2014-11-23 22:42:37
what about just the headers for each block, or is that what the bock chain is anyhow? Maybe some hash algorithm could compress it further?  I'm definitely liking the idea of the outer net.  Not very familiar with it, but got some reading to do.  
@_date: 2014-11-23 23:05:05
I like it, you mean like qr codes right?  even though you'd need to scan it, such a hard copy is something useful.  Lets publish it?  the cover should fold out into a coffee table too, maybe with some drink cozies.  I think when tying to explain bitcoin to low tech people, it's nice to hand them something rather than asking them to imagine/visualize it.  Now editing such a book...I don't want that job.  I'd throw in on a project like that though, so let's make it cheap!  
@_date: 2014-11-13 14:22:26
I fantasize about my city becoming the crypto capital of the world.  It was actually falsely speculated a few months back, that Pittsburgh was to be the first municipality to accept Bitcoin for taxes, parking fines, ect.  
I actually bought hosting for Bitsburgh.com where I plan to promote adoption and list local businesses that take BTC.  Unfortunately, I just got really busy with family stuff.  Plus, I'm just a petty guitar player, so my web design skills are lacking.  
Kind of a funny story, I befriended this Chinese guy who lived in the apartment upstairs.  He was a computer science PhD, so he was helping me with the site over the summer.  It's too bad a lot of the design ended up lost in translation.  
Needless to say, the site isn't even close to finished, but I am feeling motivated and have more time now, so I'm going to get back at it ASAP.  I've got the images and stuff done, I just have to put it together with content.  My issue was creating a dynamic data base, in which people could submit a business form and it would appear on the page for local businesses.  I just wanted to have control over the submissions so people couldn't just mess around and make a joke out of the business listing page.  
Anyways, he actually turned out to be a pretty cool dude, we went out for beers a couple times and got hammer timed.  I told him I was going to take him to the local titty bar.  My schedule got a little crazy, before I new it he moved back to China.  It's funny cause he also said he was interested in going to church and I did get to take him mass once.  He was probably thinking, "what the hell, I came to America to see some tig ol bittys and this guy takes me to mass".  Oh well, at least I didn't corrupt him in the eyes of the Lord.  HaHa  
@_date: 2014-11-23 21:55:48
ok, well maybe micro text?  we can etch it in stone right next to the Georgia guide stones? I just like the idea of the block chain existing outside of the digital realm.  How about a radio frequency, constantly broadcasting current block?  I think it is important that we can trace back to the genesis block.  
@_date: 2014-11-23 21:57:41
is that really a picture of the block chain on paper?
@_date: 2014-11-13 14:32:00
I digress, I was thinking, if there were a brick and mortar exchange not unlike wall street, where Bitcoin and other cryptos along with smart property, cryptostocks, ect could be exchanged in the physical world, would that give any validity to the BTC marketplace.  It wouldn't centralize it, but would probably give skeptics more of piece of mind to get in.  If that does happen, man it would awesome if it were in Pittsburgh.  No offense NY, but you have everything else.  
Truth be told, I feel like the only person that has Bitcoin in this town anyhow.  I walked around Carnegie Mellon a few months back, but to see if there was any awareness.  People looked at me like I was a mad fool.  