@_author: snappy121
@_date: 2013-05-22 17:47:08
Nigel Farage is under the impression that members of Eastern European sates who are gaining access the open boarder policy are all going to move here. That is not the case. Every poll taken has show the exact opposite to be true, although they are not in the best state economically both the old and the young plan to stay. He has no proof. 
He also argues that 'benefit tourism' is a major issue and often cites the polish emigration when claiming this. Here's a little statistic for you less than 1% of all polish emigrants have ever taken any form of benefit and in fact will often take jokes the UK workers are unwilling to do. 
The only 'proof' he seems to have is where they are from.
Also you mentioned the formed BNP guy running for council, that was because he actually changed his views.
The EU doesn't undermine the national democracy, everyone involved was elected on a national level and as such are just as democratic as the UK parliament. 
The open boarder policy is not just about people, it's about trade and the two go hand in hand. A vast majority of small and large businesses when polled said the they would not be able to function without the open boarder policy as it allows then to trade without a fee or additional tax and for them to hire from anywhere in Europe without any form of hindrance to the process. 
@_date: 2013-05-22 18:33:01
At the end of the day I just disagree with you to be honest. I said "I'm not racist but" I'm not claiming they're fully fledged racists and I can see that neither of us are going to change our minds so I'm just going to leave it here.
@_date: 2013-05-22 17:22:30
I'm sorry but they are, they may not go so far as they BNP but they are. They're party they prey on the inherent fear of foreigners within people and they lie to do it.
 
  My point is that they're a far right political party and you're quoting them when you talk about BitCoin. They literally jump on any and every bandwagon they can so they can get votes in this opinion poll and that by-election and right now that band wagon is slagging off the banks. 
  
They complain that the EU doesn't work and want to pull out but the members they have in there do little to none of the work that they're supposed to do in there. 
My point is that they're not a credible source at all and it just makes this hole subreddit look bad if you post a video of one of there MPs basically wasting everyone's time in the European Parliament by having a rant.
@_date: 2013-05-22 15:48:48
There are many things wrong with UKIP. The "I'm not racist but" political party.